5	Yelpers on Talkback know that I've been waiting for this day.A tear nearly rolled down my cheek upon the news several months ago when I discovered that Vegas was getting a Steak 'n Shake.  I had fond memories of the place when I first discovered in in Florida several years ago, and the burning jealousy that later formed once I moved from my home state of Texas only to find that, surprise!  They put one in right after I left.  I tell you, isn't that always the way?Personal story aside, I waited and waited until lo, this day has come, and the Steak 'n Shake has landed in Vegas.I went to the South Point Casino to get my "Tron Legacy" tickets when I saw the line.  It was well around the corner.  I just wanted food.  I didn't need to sit at the restaurant.  So I asked if I could do take out.  They promptly sent me to the front of the line as I wasn't needing to wait for a table.  The manager was there and he greeted me warmly.  I guess he knew in his heart of hearts that this was a special day for us all.I ordered two of the double steak burgers and some "Buffalo" style sliders.  The prices were reasonable, all things considered, and the wait wasn't that long.  When I got my bag, the server girl was all friendly and smiles.So away I spirited my treasures like how Rumplestiltskin covets....  Well, whatever it is that Rumplestiltskin covets, I was like that, but holding onto my prize even tighter.  As I was leaving, some woman pointed to my bag and said "Look!  He has Steak 'n Shake!"  This helped to further my feeling that I was the coolest kid in the casino.Away I dashed home, eager to eat my steaky, shakey goodness, nibbling their fries all the way home.  I can be a "fry snob", but these are tasty.Then came eating time.  It was like an angel descended from upon high and said onto me: "You've been a reasonable sort of late.  Here's a hamburger for being so well behaved.  A hamburger... MADE OF STEAK.  Because you are awesome!!!"  And so, I ate my angel laden steakburger, and was thusly full.Is it truly that amazing?  Honestly, I'd give it a four star experience, but the service was so helpful and friendly, I'm giving this place a five star experience.  My enthusiasm for being there "Day 1", coupled with the wait made it a fun and tasty experience.Tomorrow I go see "Tron".  I'm also going back to Steak 'n Shake before the movie starts.Could the day get any better?
5	This was my first experience with the well famed Steak N' Shake.... My friend from work built this place up for months, so walking in the door my expectations were through the roof...  There was a long line being that it was opening night...  This wasnt really a problem as people were seemingly very patient and when management came to pass out free cookies, this only increased everyones patience.  I finally made it inside after an hour and 10 minutes of waititng.....  Upon first Glance of the menu, I was overwhelmed with choices... I ended up going with The Triple Steakburger with fries, chocolate shake and a coke zero.... gotta love the coke zero thrown in there... Like I was concerned with the calories that the soda would give me...  The food arrived, what a glorious moment.  This burger was pure perfection all the way.  The cheese was melted perfectly inbetween the layers of the 3 burgers and the bun was nice and light....  I finished the entire plate in a matter of moments and right after I finished it left me with feeling like I have to return ASAP.  I gave this place 5 stars because that is as high as Yelp lets us go... I would easily rate this place 6-7 stars.....  Oh yeah, did I mention the price?  36 dollars total with tip for 4 adults and 2 kids is a steal for the quality of the food we experienced.  Have at it Yelpers!!  This place is a must!
5	I have been waiting for Steak 'n Shake to come to Vegas. That was my late night hangout in the Lou.  So, coming here brings tons of memories.  Clean restaurant and great food!  Make sure you try the Malts and Steaks.  After all it is Steak 'n Shake!
2	What the HECK SnS??? You totally let me down today! Being the "Yelper" amongst my friends I convinced a group to wait in line for an hour to be one of the first to try this hot new place....and you made me look so bad.Downers:1) They forgot our shakes and brought them after our meal was served and almost finished2) They forgot our order and we had to hunt someone down to get it put in.3) Everything was wrong on everyones order except one burger. YIKES! No cheese, no bacon, forgot to take the onions off... disaster! When we asked for the cheese the waitress put a cold slice of cheese on the burger and brought it back. WTHeck.4) When the manager came to the table he was not at all concerned about all that went wrong with our experience and did not want to take care of us at all. Finally he suggested giving us our shakes for free (the ones they forgot to order and brought after our meal) Really??? 5) The meat in the burgers were really small, nothing at all like the photos. It similar to the size of the kids meal McDonalds burger. Disappointed for sure!6) There is no bathroom in the restaurant and you have to go out to the casino to go..if you have too go :)Some Pluses:1) The shakes were awesome - once we got them :)2) The taste of the meat in the burger was really good....just really small....3) The hostess at the front had the best guest service. She was the one who noticed that no one had brought our food or shakes out and rushed around to make it right. She was awesome and should be manager!4) Price - the price was decent. They even had $4 menu that gave you a burger and fries for $3.99. Thats a pretty great deal!5) I love the South Pointe and think it is a great idea to have it inside the hotel.Overall - this place has nothing on In-n-Out. Not worth a hour in line wait at all. I might give this place a second go in a month or so and see if anything has changed. I totally understand that bumps have to be worked out in the beginning but as of now......not impressed. Steak - n - Shake.....I'm still not over what you did to my good name today...not yet anyways.
4	After getting a good buzz at Twin Creeks inside the Silverton, and then seeing The Nutcracker performed by the Anaheim Ballet at the South Point, I was ready to get some food in my stomach.  With the talk thread and excitement surrounding the opening of Steak 'n Shake, we decided to check it out.It's still opening week, so there was quite the wait to get a table, probably about half an hour at 9:30pm.  Don't let that discourage you though, because I was walking out the door at 10:45pm; the service was prompt and you get your food quick!  I'm sure the wait time will dwindle once the buzz dies down.While waiting in line Jieun and I had enough time to browse the menu and decide on exactly what we wanted.  I went for the Spicy Chipotle Steakburger while she went for The Original Double 'n Cheese.  Word of warning: the burgers here suffer from the same advertising as Wendy's hamburgers.  No matter what the pictures and websites advertise, your burger patty will be smaller!  On my next visit I won't hesitate to get a burger with three patties.  To be fair though, what these steakburger patties lack in size they make up for in flavor!  The meat is seasoned just right without going into the salty beef territory.  There is a special seasoning salt on each table; none of that was necessary since the burger was already delicious!  The milkshakes here are good.  I don't order milkshakes very often, but decided to here because it's part of the restaurant name.  There is a selection of shakes that has two flavors in one glass, but they are side by side and not mixed together.  It's a neat way to serve!Even with the wait to get in, I came out happy that I tried this place.  One of the best parts of the restaurant is the pricing: for two burgers and two shakes, our bill came to $16 and change.  Not bad at all!  With all the burger meals coming in under $5, you feel like you're getting your money's worth!  I don't think you can even get a full meal for under $5 at a fast food joint, much less one this tasty!  Half jokingly, I made the comment that if I were really hungry, I would order two burger meals and the price would still be on par with Red Robin ;)  With the $2 drink deals that South Point does every so often, I can see Steak 'n Shake becoming a repeat eat!
3	Jumping on the current bandwagon and braving the crowds...the Husband loves steak, and I love shakes...so we headed to the grand opening week of Steak 'n Shake at South Point Hotel and Casino in Vegas.  We've been hearing a lot of talk about this place with strangers asking, "Do you know when they are going to open?"On Friday night, there was a LONG line to get seated, at least over an hour.  However, there was a much shorter, quicker line on the left for to go orders only.  Sweet!  The Husband chose the Pepperjack Melt "Two Steakburgers with melted pepperjack cheese, lettuce, vine-ripened tomato, grilled onions, jalapenos, and mayo on grilled sourdough."  First off, it didn't quite look as huge or stacking as advertised, a bit more smashed down.  At one point, the Husband pointed out the lack of jalapenos (and spiciness) in his sandwich.  Meanwhile, we realized that the cut up green stuff in the little plastic cup were his jalapenos, guess you have to add them in yourself.  It also came with fries, thin-style.  Nothing to write home about.  Meanwhile, I ordered the Chili Max Deluxe.  When I opened my container, it was surprisingly smaller than what I envisioned and I didn't realize it came on spaghetti!  It reminded me of the spaghetti from Jollibee's!  The Husband also paid 99 cents more for extra beef.  I'm looking at my spaghetti and realizing there is no diced onions, shredded cheese, etc. as advertised.  Before I head back to tell them of the error, I look over my receipt and see they they only charged me for the Chili Max.  (Apparently, they did ring me up for the Chili Max Deluxe initially.  But when we added the extra beef , they needed a manager's assistance and ended up deleting that order, and inputting the Chili Max instead.)  I ended up using the little container of jalapenos in my chili to give it a little kick.  I'm afraid to know what the dish would have looked like without the extra beef we paid for.Of course, you can't hit up Steak 'n Shake without trying their infamous shakes - I went for the Mint Cookies 'n Cream Specialty Shake.  It was yummy good, until I got to the bottom third and noticed no cookies down below.  When it gets mixed, apparently the toppings only stay on the top.  The Husband tried their Strawberry Banana Side By Side Milkshake and it was pretty good.  It was a lot smoother than mine, probably because there was no mixing required.  They also have holiday milkshakes (White Chocolate, Egg Nog, and Peppermint Chocolate Chip) going on right now - which I totally didn't see until after the fact! I also noticed that they gave me a spoon for my spaghetti chili.  Are you serious?  No fork, no knife, just a spoon.  Last time I checked, I haven't seen anyone try to eat spaghetti with only spoon.  A bit inconvenient when you're getting a to go order and things are missing.And yes, the hostesses dealing with the lines are super nice.  It looked like they had plenty of people on staff as I saw a lot of loitering by the management.  There definitely was a back up on food delivery for those dining in.  (I noticed one server waiting for the rest of her shake orders from the moment I put my order in and until I actually got it, she was still waiting.)Overall, we've been there and done that.  Steak 'n Shake sadly didn't live up to its expectations.  We both agreed that we loved the shakes though and would come back for that.  But with our dinner costing $20, we left unfulfilled.They are currently selling gift cards with a promotion. Buy at least $20 worth, and get a $5 off coupon in your next order (in January/February).  Happy hour: Weekdays only, 2 pm to 4 pm, and 2 am to 4 am - Half off shakes and drinks
4	Came here on opening night, so of course the line was long. Like waiting in a Disneyland line, but the ride was worth the wait. I never knew a me-me-me, a melt like this(common- "the light"). steak patty melts- original. I was torn between the pepper-jack pattymelt and the peppercorn pattymelt, so I ordered the peppercorn with pepper-jack cheese. Yes! the sourdough bread was as it should, crispy and golden, and rich. the steak was good, but it wasn't booming as i thought it'd be. but overall, it filled me up to the last penny, and i was definitely satisfied.i ordered the turtle shake. wow, very good. shake at its optimal behavior. the regular size is pretty good, i think it's sharable though, even after eating a generous portion of my meal. i'd say, and this includes the calorie conscious fokls, half a glass would've sufficed for me. needless to say, i did finish the shake. most like the best part of the dinner. the service was good, which closes the deal.
5	Steak N Shake is one of my favorite places to eat when I'm tour in the South, so when I find out one was coming to Vegas, I was absolutely thrilled. I decided to wait a few days til the opening crowds had died down, but when my friend and I arrived at 10pm last night the place was still very busy. My friend had the Steak Frank and fries while I ordered a mint cookies n cream milkshake. David loved the dog, said it was one of the best he'd ever had. The minute they set it down just the smell of it told you it was a REAL all-beef dog. My shake took a while to come out (like I said, the place was busy) but when it arrived it didn't disappoint. Perfectly mixed (not runny but not so thick you have to wait to drink it). Everything on the menu is reasonably priced (4 bucks for a HUGE triple burger and fries, "shooters" for 89 cents apiece) You will spend a little LESS than you would spend eating at McDonald's and get food that is 100x as good. Not to mention, during the week they have a Happy Hour from 2-4pm where shakes are half price.My one and only complaint is that the location isnt 24 hours. Im hoping that this will be changed soon because I know for a fact they would be slammed at any hour of the day now that the word is out.So glad to have SnS in Vegas!
5	Never did I realize when I first sat down at Steak n' Shake in Dallas, Texas in 2007 that the way I saw food would be changed forever. Since that summer afternoon I have counted the seconds that I would once again get to savor another fresh, buttery Steakburger and never would I have imagined that it would occur in our own city of Las Vegas, seeing as the closest location is somthing over 1000 miles from here. They have THE best burgers hands down, shakes that no one else can come close to, including side by side shakes that have 2 flavors. Their fries are perfect, so tiny but so delicious. The size of the meat patty isn't the biggest but it is the tastiest. It's the combination of the whole meal, burger, fries, and shake that make it just right. The combination of the perfect food along with the friendliest people in the restaurant biz make it to die for. I'm so thankful this midwest classic has chose Las Vegas as the the only west coast city to serve this amazing food in. Today is the third visit since the 16th, and you can bet I'll be back before long again. You really can't go wrong with Steak n' Shake. Next step: let's get a drive-thru location built in Vegas! Take-Out is available and the food is very affordable. 4 meals are $4, typical check for two is about $15
4	Honestly, Steak 'n Shake isn't amazing. Sometimes we fall in love with an idea. Or a memory. SnS is a perfect example of this. Some people grew up with it in the Midwest and miss it. I've only had SnS a couple of times. But that first time, it was late, I was a little drunk, I had never heard of SnS before, and I thought it was the greatest sandwich I had ever eaten.Fast forward to today. Based on that one memory, I had been anticipating SnS's opening for several months. I went on "opening day" (based on the press release anyway) and endured the 30-minute line. Did it live up to the hype? Yes and no. I mean, how could it? I still think the best items at SnS are pretty damn good. There are also items that are pretty meh (I experienced this blahness the second time I ate SnS).On this visit, I ordered the A-1 Peppercorn Melt w/ Fries. For the heck of it, I decided to add one of their Steakburger shooters w/ Chipotle sauce. And of course, I had to get a shake. I went with a Banocolate - a combination of banana and chocolate.The melt was very good. It was the kind of sandwich that reminded me of that first mythical time eating SnS. The shooter was an example of meh. Not ordering one of those again. As for the shake, just like its flavors, I'm a little mixed on it. For me, the novelty of the half and half shake has worn off. The banana strangely overpowered the neighboring chocolate. Next time, I think I'll get a straight malt. Speaking of which, my cousin got a Hershey's Special Dark Chocolate Malt. I tried it. It was good. But I was a little disappointed in its lack of "maltiness."By the way, our server, Luciane, was attentive and very friendly. This is to be expected on opening day. She was perhaps a little too attentive. She kept asking how everything was before we had even tried.If you're not a die hard SnS fan, you might want to wait a couple of weeks for the lines to die down. Bottom line: I'm still a fan and I'm glad they're here.
3	It's been years since we've been to a SnS, so figured Monday morning would be a good time to give it a try.  Line was already long at a little after 11 am (opening time).   Took about 1/2 hour to get 2 seats at the counter.  Working in the LV food industry, it was easy to see that the kitchen was still having glitches with plenty of food being returned, mainly for missing toppings, etc.Our server was prompt, but food took 20-30 minutes.  Prices are unbeatable, especially for a casino.  As others have said, 4 meals under $4 each.  Shakes are $3.49 and a well deserved treat.  I had the Double dark chocolate which was fantastic with thick ribbons of fudge.  Hubby had Peanut Butter Cup which he enjoyed, but said that the chocolate was all hiding on the bottom.Fries are ok, but need ketchup.  Personally prefer steak fries, but these were hot and crisp.  As for the burgers, "steak?". Really?  I had a double and could hardly tell that there was more than one paper thin, dry patty on my bun which was nicely toasted.  The double cheese burger was totally tasteless.  Even the onion and tomato had no flavor.  When I think steak, I think of thick juicy grilled burgers-not these little things that are fried on the flat top.We'll be back, but I think I'll try the chicken fingers or a hot dog on the next visit.  Things should improve as they get through the first few weeks.
3	I went here last Friday on my way to California. The wait at lunch time was about an hour and I just wasn't impressed.  There seemed to be a lot of staff just standing around and not much food was coming out.  Our meal took forever to arrive and my chicken sandwich was over cooked.  The place reminded me of a glorified diner.  It's not a place worth driving out of my way for as I live on the opposite end of town.  It was good to try once just to see what the hype was about, but it didn't do it for me.  While the waitress was friendly, she wouldn't stop talking....put in the order already!!
3	Ever since my first trip to Tampa a few years ago, I've been going crazy to try Steak n Shake. It's one of those spots that seems to everywhere, but in California. It's that "want it because you can't get it" kind of desire so, when we saw a sign at South Point during this week's trip to Vegas saying one had opened, we immediately added it to the top of our itinerary. (fact: this is the first Steak n Shake on the west coast!)It's only been open a week, but the hostess, Tammie, said the line had wrapped from the entrance of the restaurant to the Christmas tree by the Poker Room. Fortunately for us, the line had calmed down to 1/4 of that size, so we only waited about 15 minutes for seats (not bad considering the interior space is rather limited- it's a bit small in there!) Tammie was great though, she really made sure the line moved and was constantly updating her queue. We were on the list without half our party even being aware of it (she asked one our friends almost immediately upon falling in line, but did it so quickly that no one noticed!) The food isn't amazing, but it's plentiful and affordable. Most sandwiches list at under $6 and all come with fries. Some key deals to keep in mind:- Go to Happy Hour from 2-4 (am or pm) for half off shakes (by the way, a regular sized shake is enough for two to share but, if you can't finish it or don't have a partner in shake, they'll give you a to-go cup... same goes for the soda!)- Check the 4 for $4 menu for burgers and fries all for $4There are still a few kinks to work out, like the delay to get refills on water or to get the bill, but that's all to be expected considering how young the place is. We all sampled:- the Bacon and Blue burgerIt came with a huge clump of blue cheese, which made me extremely happy. - the Western BBQ burgerGood BBQ sauce and excellent crunch from the fried onions. - the Portobello BurgerReally tasty, with excellently cooked mushrooms, but a bit salty. - the Banana-Chocolate side-by-side shakeDelicious combination of flavors, with a banana side that tasted great and not too artificial (as is the case with lots of banana syrups). - the Butter Pecan shakeJust like someone melted butter pecan ice cream and served it straight up, but upped with the addition of candied pecans- the Oreo Cookie shakeReally great, as per usual- you can't mess this up. But what's great is they leave some cookies more whole so that milk soaked pieces end up at the bottom of the cup. - the Orange Cream shake Like a creamsicle- what's more to say?- the Chili Cheese friesGood, not great. I really detest cheese fries that use sauce instead of the real deal, but it was edible.
1	This turned out to be an embarrassingly poor dining experience.  After a 30 minute wait for a table and a prompt greeting by our waitress, everything quickly slid downhill.Our order took forever to make it to our table, and only one of our four meals was brought to our table as ordered.  One burger was missing bacon and was sent back (kitchen error).  One was the wrong item entirely and was sent back (waitress error).  I had ordered a salad (pretty much the only vegetarian item available on the menu) and it took an extra 5 minutes to make it to the table, and at least another 5 to get salad dressing.  My wife ended up eating about 15 minutes later when her chicken sandwich was finally served.The poor service might have been balanced by exceptional food quality, but that was not the case.  The food was fine, but far from exceptional.  My wife rated her chicken sandwich a 2 (out of 10) while my children's burgers did better at 6-7.  My salad was good, but clearly not the reason one would go to this restaurant.  Considering the wait and the poor service, the food was not good enough for us to return to this chain again.On the plus side, my son had a mocha shake that was very good.Considering the delays and mistakes, one would have expected the manager to at least comp the chicken sandwich that was delivered so late. And he did, but only after we called the manager over to our table and let him know that this was what we expected.  Then we had to explain it to the cashier.  Who had to call the manager over.  Who needed to key it into the register. Twice because the cashier made a mistake keying in the amount tendered.Altogether a grueling experience.ADDENDUM:Credit to the management for getting in touch with me after reading my feedback. They seemed genuinely concerned about our negative experience and assured me that this was not typical, and that the issues that I raised would be addressed and corrected. Two points to Steak 'n Shake for good follow-thru!
5	One thing everyone needs to realize is that this is the only location on the West Coast so far and just opened. Yes there will be a slight wait, but well worth it! The last time I had a Steak-n-Shake experience I was in Dallas, TX and it was 2 years ago. Ever since I've been dying for them to come out to Vegas. The combination of their amazing steakburgers, skinny fries, and double sided shakes is to die for!
3	This place wasn't as great as I expected it to be after hearing all the hype about it, but it was still pretty decent. I came here in a group of 9 and we waited in line for about 30 minutes and were seated in a big round' table. We all ordered our drinks and food right away. I ordered a milkshake along with 2 other people in my table, but for some reason I didn't get mine when they got there's. I actually reminded the waitress about my milkshake when I was halfway through with my meal, so I ended up getting it to go because I didn't want to make everyone else wait. They seemed to forget a couple things because they also forgot my boyfriend's burger and we reminded them after waiting a while. Aside from the forgetfulness, the food was decent.  CONS:-Forgetfullness-My boyfriend and one of our friends ordered cherry coke, but you could barely taste the cherry so they asked the waitress if she could put a little more syrup and they ended up dousing it with the syrup. -My "shooters" had very little sauce, and the sauce that it did have was only on one side. -The large chili fries was definitely not worth the price. I could've made that with mcdonald's fries and a trip to 7-11PROS:-The seasoned fries was yummy-The specialty burgers were pretty delicious-The shake was bomb-Service was fast-They split the bill without us even asking-Prices are very cheap for a sitdown restaurantI'd like to come back to try their chili and other specialty burgers/
4	I have missed Steak 'n' Shake ever since moving to Las Vegas from the southeast. At long last the company wised up and entered the west. The food is every bit as good as I remember it, although the menu seemed to have been scaled down from those in their stand-alone restaurants. They also had no canned chili for sale, a staple in their restaurants back east.If this place has a drawback, it is that the people who created the restaurant grossly underestimated the demand, and the place is about half the size it needs to be. Waits of an hour or more for a table are not uncommon, and they are losing business as people leave rather than spend that much time in line. Hopefully this will be only the first of several SnS that open in this area.
5	This is my favorite place from back in the Mid-West.  The burgers are made from steak.  The Shakes are simple yet delicious.  The prices are dirt cheap.  Two of us ate there for $15!!!!  The atmosphere is 50's.  The joint is clean as can be.  Servers are friendly!  I am so happy they brought this place to Las Vegas.
1	This place is crap. The idea is awesome the outcome is simply not. The fries were scrawny and had no flavor. The shakes were watered down. The burgers were plain tasting. Bottom line: this place has nothing to offer. Stick to In n Out.
5	As far as fast food burgers go this is about as good as it gets. Finally came here with Erin F after seeing a movie and the line was LONG but it moved fairly quickly. We had great service..from the manager.The burger and fries are $3.99!! That is a great deal. It was so juicy and had a nice crisp edge. The fries are super skinny and go well with the burger. I also had a strawberry shake to wash it all down and it is so creamy and good.I am sooo glad that this place is a block from my house..or maybe I should be scared. LOL The Southpoint just got a whole lot cooler!!
3	This place should really be called Shake 'n Shake.So I'm from the Midwest and I had my share of visits to Steak 'n Shake back in high school and college.  My memory must be a little clouded (from the aforementioned college days) because this wasn't the Steak 'n Shake I remembered.When we got to Steak 'n Shake there was a 30 minute wait out front.  (REALLY?!?!)  So the husband and I decided to wait as we had 2 hours before our comedy show was to start.We got seated and handed menus by the hostess.  About 5 minutes later our waitress came over and asked "you ready to order?"  No "Hello", No "Can I get you something to drink?", No "Go to hell", nothing.  Just "you ready to order?"  Luckily, my husband and I, already knowing the menu, ordered: 2 burgers, 2 fries and 2 strawberry shakes.I was noticing that people were receiving their shakes AFTER they were done eating... so wrong!While my husband and I were waiting for the food, a waitress came over to our table with two random shakes because she couldn't find the table that they belonged to and asked if we wanted them.  DUH! So we got two free shakes!  One was a Butterfinger which was DELICIOUS and the other was a half strawberry and half banana.  I'm not really a fan of it, but it was good.  Then came out our 2 strawberry shakes- which were yummy!!!The burger, to me, wasn't anything special at all.  The bun was dry and not good and the steakburger was ehh.  The fries were fine but needed more salt.The best part was trying those two free shakes (probably because those people got tried of waiting for their shakes!)If anything, I would only go to the Take Out Counter and order a shake and leave.  Its not worth anything else.
5	My love letter to Steak n' Shake:Ever since the first day I saw your picture online I have thought about you...longed for you. Love at first sight? Perhaps. I am a hopeless glutton, and the fastest way to my heart is through my stomach. The more I read your menu and explored your website the more I was drawn to you.  I dreamed about you. I imagined what our first meeting would be like. I knew what I would order and knew exactly how it would taste. I wanted to meet you in person but the closest SnS was in Texas...just like Romeo and Juliet, the universe was keeping us apart. Yeah, sure, I explored other options...In n' Out, Five Guys...but while I was with them, I was thinking about you.You can only imagine my excitement when I heard that you were coming to Las Vegas, my home away from home. My heart soared. I didn't want to appear too desperate so I gave you a week to get settled in to your new home. When I arrived I knew exactly how it would be...how you would look...what I would order. You made me wait 30 minutes, but what was 30 minutes more of  a wait to meet my soulmate. And it was indeed worth the wait. It was a love connection! We spent two amazing nights together...nights I will remember forever. And although I had to leave you, I will return to you...soon, and often.OK, now that I have totally creeped you out here is what we ordered. We actually went twice in 2 days...yeah, it WAS that good:Wisconsin Buttery Burger-two delicious crusty perfectly cooked steakburger patties, one slice of gooey melty cheese, all covered in butter. Yeah, this was pretty much heaven.Guacamole Steakburger-the same two delicious patties, jalapeno jack cheese, and yummy guacamole. So good!Triple Steakburger with cheese-more of the same goodness...3 patties and two slices cheese.The burgers come with amazing shoestring fries. They are thin and crispy and the seasoning salt is awesome!A side of chili- A bowl of luscious chili flavored reddish-brown liquid filled with perfectly cooked kidney beans and ground steakburger meat. More like chili beans than standard chili, but you can pay a $1 for extra beef. It was really delicious.Hershey's Special Dark Shake- Creamy, fluffy, frozen, chocolate heaven. The shake was gigantic and delicious topped with whipped cream and chocolate chips.Peppermint Chocolate Chip Shake-This was one of the special holiday shakes they had on the menu (Along with white chocolate and egg nog.) It was a minty, chocolately Christmas celebration in my mouth! We had great food and great service both times we went. It is in the casino in the South Point Hotel, and there was a 30 minute wait each time. I am just so sad there isn't a SnS near Los Angeles.
3	I was so excited to learn that my favorite Missouri hotspot my friends and I always hung out at was coming to Las Vegas, especially around Christmas.  My own personal present.  I was promptly disspointed once then twice again.  The first time I went I had the mushroom burger and a chocolate shake.  I must say that the shake was awesome, just like I remember, the burger was absolutely awful.  The amount of grease is still a remembrance, but I was thinking, first week I will come back after Christmas to let them get settled in, again I was very dissapointed, the burger were very greasy, and underseasoned again.  I understand the burgers are generally that way, but its supposed to be in a good way, these were definitely not.  I got the patty melt this time, my fave, and it was just awful, no tasty steakburger patty, or yummy cheese.  But the shake was just as good though, mint chocolate chip, although we got it way after I was done with my burger which was a bummer.  The service here pretty much sucks too, both times I went they forgot my water to go with my shakes, and I asked for it twice the second time I went.  Water is supposed to be pretty much standard when you just have a shake, but whatever.  I tried it twice and I think that we will just go back for the ice cream, if we want to wait in line. Ugh!  Maybe the owners need to go back to the midwest and get some little midwest welcoming spirit and not the buffet crap food that las vegas is known for.
3	meh. not worth the 45 minute wait for a tablewent when my sister was in town. service was great! the hostess tammie was super informative and friendly. our server was awesome as well, although we did wait a long time for water refills and soda refills. food was ok. decently priced, but nothing really stood out as amazing. the shakes were great though! went during happy hour and all drinks were half off. if you're eating and having a shake, go for the junior.
4	I had been awaiting the opening of this place which seemed to have taken forever to arrive. The prices and product are better than I had anticipated. You can get a burger and fries for under $5 and shakes are reasonable as well. The service wasn't below average. We sat down after an hour long wait to get in and I immediately order a Mint Cookie Shake. When our waiter came back to take our order I decide on a cheeseburger meal and I asked if they have cheddar cheese and he said no. Then while my guest was ordering I saw a freakin cheddar burger on the menu he did not mention to tell me about. I then change my order to that with all the same toppings. When the food came I still did not have my shake. He comes back with it and it was good, but runny from being ready for awhile. My burger was so good. Probably a new favorite burger place of mine actually! My waiter jacked up my toppings, but I didn't say anything. It was so darn tasty it didn't matter really. I also loved the fries. Thin and crispy. I sampled the Chicago dog and thought it was perfection. All and all I will definitely be back regardless of the long wait or the service. The food is just that good!
1	Horrible service , sat at the front counter right in front of all the staff , twice I told them I never got my diet coke , one was a manager and still had to eat my meal dry !I got my coke to go after I spoke to said manager ...I won't return terrible customer service in these trying times. Wake up Steak N Shake !
3	I was really excited to finally try this place. I should have went there with less expectation so I can rate the place with higher reviews.Luckily we only had to wait 31 min and 31 seconds.  (LOL I actually timed it on my iphone since people were saying we would have to wait an hour)The place is mighty small- one good reason why there is such a long wait besides the place being new and inviting.Our server Lisa was nice and informative.  I ordered the CHEDDAR CHEESY DOUBLE STEAKBURGER.  $1 more than the regular CHEESE STEAKBURGER.  The only reason it was a dollar more was cuz it was "WISCONSIN CHEDDAR CHEESE"--oooooooh!  We also ordered some ONION RINGS which was ok.  (the onion rings at my job's cafeteria is sooo much better)  The ranch sauce was weak and the honey/mustard looked like chipotle with thousand island...anyways.My son's sliders...looked weak but it filled him up and he did like the taste. My mom ordered the MUSHROOM STEAKBURGER and I guess she liked it since she drowned it in the ranch sauce we got with the onion rings.Our coca-colas were yum and came in a coca-cola glass.  I got the CHERRY COKE, son got VANILLA COKE and moms got the DIET COKE. The fries were as small and skinny as the ones at MC Donalds but not as tasty and kinda crispier.  Of course we had to order some shake to go to make the experience complete. By this time it was shift change and Lisa had to leave us.  (So we made sure she got her tip)The shift change was at 6pm but our next server did not even show up at our table til 6:20pm.  I was feeling bad for the people in line knowing they are starving and waiting for that long-awaited experience to taste the STEAKBURGER.We finally got our shake order in and had to wait another 10 min.  The guy clearing the table was much more friendlier (I think his name is Jerick) he explained to us that they only had two blenders which can only handle 4 shakes at a time. My shake MINT something was delish and yummy.  My son did not really like his which was STRAWBERRY BANANA.  Now my review on the burger:::::It was juicy and tasted good.  The cheddar cheese....umm..I could have been happy with the regular cheese.  I did not add any salt or anything else so I can actually taste the meat.  It did taste fresh and the double burger probably equaled one thick burger.  The bread was nice but the lettuce was just a flimsy leaf they threw on the burger.  It was not greasy (unlike the Johnny Rockets burgers) and I actually finished my burger without grossing out at the end.  The price is great for a sit-down spot. My advise to newbies: Try it and check it out on off hours.  If there is a long line....well....your choice.  LOL.BONUS:  if you spend $15 you get a free COKE GLASS.  We got two free glasses since we spent $31.  (I should have played thosed numbers since we waited 31min 31seconds and the bill was $31dollars.  *****I hope my review was worth your read********
3	My friends are in LV for the CES and asked for suggestions on a new place to try.  I heard about this new restaurant chain opening up and offered it up as a recommendation.  So that was how we came to check out Steak 'n Shake, located in the South Point Hotel & Casino.  It is located near the escalator to the theater, or just ask a South Point employee for direction and keep an eye out for the long line of people waiting to be seated.The wait to be seated was just about 30 minutes for lunch on a Friday, which was very good compared to the 1 hour wait I heard others having to put up with to try the food at SnS.  And our servers were great. Both were very professional, efficient, and friendly.Since we have 5 in our party, we were able to ordered 5 different hamburgers and 2 hot dogs.The Blue Cheese Bacon Burger - Good flavor, not that much blue cheese, a pretty good burger.The Grilled Portobello n Swiss Burger - Patty was juicy, decent amount of mushrooms. Guacamole Steakburger - Not that much guacamole, besides that the burger was good.Spicy Chipotle Steakburger - Has a slight spicy kick, but nothing a non-wuss can't handled.  Wisconsin Buttery Steakburger - Probably my favorite burger that we ordered.  The onions was good and the beef patty was juicy and flavorful.  My only complaint is that the french fries that dominate the bulk of the plate real estate is just not that good.  It is cut smaller than the regular french fries, fairly crispy, but just don't feel like it is as good as other french fries (think McDonald's).The hotdogs we tried was just okay at best.  The portions is just like the regular hot dogs you can buy in the grocery store, except you have the pick of different toppings.Chicago-Style Steak Frank - nice combination of toppings. Would order again, if you have the option to not have to get the fries.Coleslaw Steak Frank - Coleslaw was nothing special and there was just about 1 tbsp worth on the hot dog.  Worth the $4.99 price tag??? Definitely not, especially if you can get $0.75 hot dogs from South Point.Milk Shakes - overall it was very good.  Good portion and taste.I also don't like having to wait in line again to pay for your meal, especially after having to wait a long time to just get seated.  Overall, the food quality is like food at most fast food restaurants, except the time required to finally get your food disqualifies Steak 'n Shake from the fast food restaurants classification.Food - 3/5 (1/5 for the fries). Service - 4/5Price/Value - 2.5/5 (if you can't get full on the burger, which is not all that big, there are plenty of petite cut french fries to fill your tummy)Location - 2.5/5  Unless you live near South Point, it will be a decent amount of drive time.  If you are a tourist without a car, it is definitely not worth the cab fare.Overall 3/5 at best.
4	I was very surprise how I actually enjoyed Steak 'n Shake. The prices are reasonably cheap and the food is great. Waiting in line wasn't as long as I thought it would be and it was worth the wait. Pro: You can't go wrong with burgers and shake!!! Price is great!!!Con: You will have to wait in line, inside the Southpoint Casino. Smoking environment.
5	I am thoroughly in love with this place. Mainly an East Coast staple, Steak 'n Shake finally opened a location close enough to California -- in lovely Las Vegas. As soon as we saw the sign advertising it on the 15 freeway, we knew no matter what, we had to make a trip to this place that's relatively off the Strip. So how deeply am I in love with their food? Well, for once, I downed two burgers plus shake in a sitting and took one more to go. When Andrew went to Vegas a week later, I had him bring back to Los Angeles two more burgers for me. Obsessed? I think so. =)The first burger up was the Wisconsin Buttery Steakburger. I'm not a big fan of onions, but I gobbled up the entire burger, onions included in no time. The two Steakburger patties were not overcooked (just perfect!) and the melted butter and cheese made the nice connecting bridge from the meat to the toasted bun. Addictingly good. Only downside is no green veggies.Being a guacamole/avocado freak, I had to order the Guacamole Steakburger (pass on the raw onions) next. The guacamole is freshly made and smothered over the two meat patties. Adding in a couple of the thin and crispy fries that come with the meal is a fantastic idea! Another great burger.The strawberry classic milkshake was thick, creamy, and oh so good! Very much so a classic. Now that I got that down, I'm up to try their side by side shakes, where you can pick two flavors to combine in one glass. Imagine the yummy possibilities!I have to praise our server for being so wonderful and patient. After being seated, we had ordered only two burgers up front even though we knew we would consume more. We didn't want the second order of burgers to go cold while we were inhaling the first, so we ordered the second ones later. Then, we added in our shake orders. Thirdly, after having three different versions of our receipt, we added in our burgers to go. Really, kudos to our server for being flagged so often to add something in and to change our receipt.As a testament (what, my review wasn't enough??? =]) to the amazing food at Steak 'n Shake, lines to get a table in the restaurant run about 45 minutes, maybe more if on a weekend. They don't call numbers or put down your name and party size, so you feel like you are in line for a theme park attraction. At least at the end of this line, instead of a 2 minute coaster ride, you get 30+ minutes of deliciously joy!
4	If you love the basics, you'll love Steak n' Shake.  It's what a burger should be.  Simple, flavorful and cheap.  This is not you're average Vegas eatery, with a small dining room and fast service, the only thing Vegas is the line on Fridays and Saturdays.  The shakes are great, not super thick so that you have a small stroke while sucking on the straw, but milky, velvety and smooth. Fries are true shoe string fries, almost splinter fries but all too good.  Make a trip to SouthPoint, go back near the sports book.  That's where you'll find Steak n' Shake.  Cowboy boots optional.
2	Total disappointment.  I came out to CES to hang out with my buddy Tony T.  I'm not as kind as Tone.  There was a long line and the fries were horible, soggy.  Even In-in-Out have better fries than that?  Burger was so so and the hot dogs were crappy.  I ordered Blue Cheese with Pepper Bacon (But they ran out of Pepper bacon so it was just regular bacon), Tone ordered a Wisconson, Tinh ordered Spicy, Ed Guacomolie, and Bong had the Swiss.We shared, and you couldn't tell the difference at all.  I have no idea why there is even a line?  The shakes were good, this gives 1 star.  I had a Mint Cookies and Cream.  I usually never get shakes, but it was the shiet!Since we were Asians, we were sat all the way in the back corner.  it was pretty depressing.AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!  You will enjoy In-and-Out so much much much much more.  + you have to drive so freaking far just for the food.I would only send my evil X-Wife there.. so she can feel cheated out of her $$ and bitch to her new BF about it.  That's the only reason why I would remember that place.
4	if you love the simpleness of a burger no fancy stuff then this is a place to check out. flavorful and affordable. i basically built my own burger from their classic. fries weren't the best ive had but i still enjoyed it. cant forget about the shake, thats what closed the deal for me... best shake in town in my opinion, not too thick and not runny either almost velvety smooth. if you need a burger fix this might just be the place. just beware of looong lines.
5	I haven't eaten at this particular Steak 'n Shake but I have at others when I used to live in the Dallas area. Fine cuisine? Don't expect it - just simple comfort food. The five-way chili (better known as Cincinnati style) is excellent, and the burgers - ahem - steakburgers do not disappoint.Only drawback I've seen from reading other Yelp reviews is that there's only one location and it tends to get crowded on weekends.
2	Great shakes but in and out has much better burger and fries. Luckily we got here right when it opened because it seems to always have a crazy line out front...tip it opens at 11am. ...so we were seated right away. I was so excited to see what all the hoopla was all about. The decor is diner chic , nice and clean for sure. We got our menus and I was surprised to see how reasonable the food was. I decided since it was my first time, I should try their original double burger with cheese, this came with fries .I ordered a chocolate milkshake. Well, our burger came well before our milkshake and that was dissapointing...we were almost done with lunch before we got it. The dbl burger really isnt very big at all, I know my husband sure would be able to eat more than one. It is substantially smaller than a dbl dbl at in and out. The fries were pale and limp and cold...I barely ate them at all; why bother! When the milkshake came it was delicious I have to say. I will return and get a milkshake from the takeout window, but no need for me to ever eat here again.
3	Waited about 30 minutes for a table & was super excited to eat here.  I was kind of disappointed.  I noticed that another review said they server didn't even say hi, she just said "are you ready to order"; we must have had that same server. After she said that she then said "oops I mean hi".  Not a very good first impression.  I don't necessarily think she was trying to be rude, I just think she was extremely overwhelmed.  I ordered a milkshake with my meal, she told me that they had been taking a while to make but she'd bring it out as soon as they were ready.  She then brought our sodas & then the food came out.  Considering the meal was only $6, it wasn't that bad, but I was expecting this place to be more like a ruby's with really good burgers because of all of the hype, but it was more like fast food.  The burgers were dry & the fries weren't any better than jack in the box.  So were done eating our food & get the check, our meals were advertised as $3.99 on the menu but one came out to $5 and the other out to $6, it was only a few bucks difference so I didn't say anything, but that was kind of strange it charged us different than what the menu said, even though I ordered the same exact thing & even pointed to the picture!? Anyways, now we're all done eating & paid & there's still no milkshakes, she apologized & said they'd be in to-go cups & we waited about 5 more minutes after we had paid & they came, even tho I ordered them before we ordered our food to have it with my meal.  I understand if maybe they're understaffed, but 30 minutes for a milkshake is a tad bit ridiculous.  Overall, it wasn't totally horrible, just okay & I may go back if I happen to be in the southpoint & there's no wait, but it definitely wasn't worth a 30 minute wait, might as well go to in & out for basically the same thing with much less of a wait & better burgers.
5	I've been waiting for the day Vegas opens a Steak n shake!! Its something I could only get in the midwest and Im ecstatic! The burgers are amazing, you see the line out front, theres a reason for that! The shakes, the fries, the chili, the beans....everything yummmmmmm
5	My Fiance who isn't much of a foodie actually wanted to try this place. I guess she saw a grand opening sign a little while back that caught her eye. Well, thats wonderful because I'm glad I ain't always the one trying to dine somewhere new! This place is located in my favorite Vegas Casino, South Point! I just really like the ambiance in this place and I won my first and only (so far!) Royal Flush here!! Enough of the small talk,  we got here starving and had to go in the "To Go" line since it was about 5 times shorter than the "For Here" line!!! Yes, the line was sooo looooooonnnnnggg, that at first I thought they were giving away free burgers or something??!!After about 10 minutes in line and then another 15 minutes to pick-up, this is what we literally inhaled:My order:Wisconsin Buttery Steakburger and Fries: I love butter, probably as much as Paula Dean does.. Maybe?! Wisconsin butter, never had that before.. I'll take one of those! Wow! I've never tasted anything like it before. First off their meat was unique to my taste buds but without a doubt one of the tastiest burgers I've ever had - in a small package! The butter, sloth of onions and their meat just.. just made me happy!Western BBQ 'N Bacon Steakburger and Fries: I always love this type of burger. Now, their take on this one was humbly satisfying. I mean its their meat that sets them apart, its thin and cooked well yet not dry at all. Edges are purposely crisped on some sides and it just adds another positive attribute to the burger.. the slightly crunchy onion rings, a bit sweet/tangy bbq sauce and cheese all together made me an instant fan off one bite! Fries (Skinny and Crunchy): I did have 2 orders of fries and I did demolish both of them with ease, along with the burgers! The fries may had been skinny and crunchy but they were perfectly cooked where there was still some evident soft potato meat in each fry. My Fiance's order:Spicy Chipotle Steakburger and Fries: I saw here unwrap it and literally within a minute and half at most, the thing vanished!! I knew she was hungry but dayum! She ate that thing like I was gonna snag it from her! She did say "That was the Best Burger I've ever had. My Grandma used to make me something that tasted just like this Meat when I was young. It brought me back to that time. I want another one!"CONS:- Ridiculously Long Line and Wait- Burgers were sized for light eatersPROS:- The Burgers tasted Unexpectedly Outstanding- Prices were Inexpensive - Atmosphere made me wanna ' Eat Steak 'N Shake, RATTLE and ROLL!!'
4	First time trying this place and i loved it. Although the line was long, once we got it service wasn't too bad. Our server was great food was also very tasty and cheap! Great for families!
1	Two weekends ago, another couple met my husband and I at Steak and Shake just before going to see True Grit (which was great, by the way); we had heard so much about it and we're hamburger people so we wanted to see what the buzz was all about.  We allowed plenty of time before the show, because we heard it was going to take some time to get into the restaurant - that was true, we were 25 minutes in line. This included my husband, who (uncharacteristically of a Las Vegan) will not stand in line for food. After being showed our four-top, we waited another ten minutes before being approached by our waitress who only gave us two service setups with our menus. She disappeared for another 15 minutes, and finally came back to take the rest of our order."Steak" and "Shake" - so we tried to order shakes, but our waitress, whom we had told we were beginning to get tight timewise before the movie, told us that it would take at least 20 minutes to get the shake because they were so busy.  So we ordered iced tea. She took the order and went away.Ten minutes later, my husband noticed that a party which had been far behind us in line was enjoying a tableful of shakes.  He complained to the manager and we got a toffee shake in about three minutes.  It was good, but just as good as the toffee shake you can get at Geri's Cheesesteaks on Pecos where we go often and really like (i have to check and make sure we have reviewed them!)Fifteen minutes after THAT, we started to get antsy.  I noticed the couple which had been right in front of us and seated next to our table had not been served, and I looked around and it was plain that NO food was coming out of the kitchen.  Ten minutes later, we finally saw our waitress and asked how much longer it would be and she promised "ten more minutes!" Ten more minutes would have been ten minutes before the start of the movie, even if we missed the trailer and we couldn't wait anymore.  We asked for our check and my husband went up to the counter to pay for our drinks and our one shake with the other man in our group.  Not only did we have to pay for the drinks and shake, but the manager treated the guys like they were nuts for the fact that we had to leave.I would have liked to try the food - if it would have been good, I would have said so honestly, but we didn't get that opportunity.I'm sorry, Steak and Shake won't get another shake from us - I have better things to do with my Sunday afternoon than wait for food I don't get. Therefore: one star, and I've never left one star before.
3	Definitely worth the price, but the pictures in the menu = false advertisement.We didn't wait as long as we expected (it was probably around 35 minutes), but considering there were around 4-5 empty tables when we walked in, I was a little peeved.  Their waitstaff was pretty slow (Edward!), so I understand their desire to not overload the waiters.I was expecting it to be $13 per burger because of the pictures in the menu (HUGE burgers!), but prices were low and the burgers were also haha.  The BF and I together only spent $16 for a satisfying meal!  We both got upgraded sides (chili cheese fries and onion rings) and split a shake.  For $16, I think that's pretty damn good.I enjoyed my patty melt--it was simple, but nothing life-changing.  I liked the chili on my fries, but the cheese was fake, melty nacho cheese.  I wanted some real, shredded cheddar!We got the dark chocolate shake, and it was decent.  Once again, not life-changing.I still love me some In-n-out, so unless the wait gets shorter and burgers get bigger, I'd rather spend my money there.
3	Everytime I passed by this place there was always a big line of people out front (appx 30 minute wait), so I figured I'd give it a shot. It was tasty and cheap, but keep in mind you get what you pay for... It was good though the portions were small. It was decorated cute and the waitress was such a sweet heart. I may return if the lines ever start to die down, I don't wait for food.
4	During my dental visit on Saturday, Steak and Shake was highly recommended by Jen, so on Sunday, while we were in the neighborhood, we decided to stop by and check it out.  When we arrived, there was a line, on a Sunday, at 3pm!!!  It was moving pretty fast so yay!  we were hungry.Spicy Chipotle Burger-Was good.  The chili cheese fries were good too.Frisco Patty Melt with fries-Decent.  I missed the Patty Melt at Waffle House back in Houston Texas.  When I saw this on the menu, I had to order it.  Because I recently learned that I like sourdough, this was the choice I had to make.  After I bit into it, I realized that maybe I would enjoy it more if it was the regular patty melt.  I like it with mayo and pickles.  This one had a chipotle sauce on it, and I prefer my mayo.  When I requested for 6 slices of pickles, the waitress came back with exactly 6 as I request.  She listened to my request even though she was very busyTurtle Milk Shake-SINFUL!!!  The caramel and hot fudge as a thick layer on creamy milky vanilla shake, topped with whipped cream, some pecans and a maraschino cherry was soooo delicious.  My friend finished his burger and milkshake, was super full, but offered to help me with my turtle milkshake.  I politely said NO.  I didn't finish my patty melt or fries, but I sure did finish this milk shake. Pecan Milk Shake-This was good, but not as good as my Turtle Milk Shake!I have to say this is a good deal.  More bang for your buck.  But since this isn't the healthiest thing out there, my next visit will probably be at least in another 2 months.
3	Honestly, I'm not sure I get the hype.There are tons of burger joints in Las Vegas that are a) much better, and b) won't have you waiting for an hour.Yes, the burgers are good. Yes, the burgers are cheap. No, they didn't taste like steak. It tasted like a regular old burger, and it reminded me a lot of Cheeburger Cheeburger, which I almost prefer.If you're in South Point, this is probably - by far - the best place to eat. Otherwise, I don't think I'd even give it another look. For me, it was the same as Fatburger, Cheeburger Cheeburger... really nothing special here. Solid 3 stars.
2	I was excited that they opened this restaurant and was excited to eat here, as I've been at a Steak 'n Shake establishment before. However, this place just did not live up to it's name. Food wise - this location was comparable to the other ones I've had. But, presentation wise - I was disappointed. It's not that hard to put together a burger - but yet they've managed to mess it up. Especially when I ordered the BBQ burger. Most of the bacon wasn't even on the burger - and there was BBQ sauce all over my plate. Looked as if someone had murdered the BBQ bottle on my plate. Service is a complete joke. The first time we went - we ordered our shakes before we even ordered the food. And yet - we didn't receive them until about five minutes after we were done eating. The second time - we saw our waitress only when she came to take our order. We didn't have a ketchup bottle on our table - and asked the person who brought the food if they could bring us one. They never did, so we took it upon ourselves to take a bottle from an empty table. Turns out - that one was empty. So we tried another - which was empty too. By the end of the meal - none of us had any water yet - so as someone was passing by, we asked her to refill our waters as she already had a pitcher. She re filled one of the glasses before running out of water. She said she'd be right back with another pitcher - but never saw her again. This place needs to step up on their service and fire everyone there that doesn't know how to be a server. I would've given this place one star - if it weren't for the fact that I do love their milkshakes. Just stay away from the Butter Pecan one - but it tastes nothing like butter pecan ice cream.
2	This place opened up in Vegas a couple of months ago, and it seemed as though there was a general excitement about it around town. Apparently, it's a popular chain back in the midwest, though I can't understand why it's so popular.The line was SUPER long to get into the restaurant for sit-down, so Dana and I walked right up to the take-out counter, which was actually devoid of any customers.We each ordered $4 meals, which were both the bacon-burgers with a side of fries. We also ordered a regular-sized chocolate shake.I have to say, the hype really let me down. The chocolate shake was awesome, but really just as enjoyable as a Wendy's Frosty. The fries were pretty gross...very skinny and more akin to potato chips. The burgers were alright....very reminiscient of SmashBurger...but I honestly have to say that I'd rather just go get a cheaper, better-tasting burger at Wendy's, or spend a little more and go to Fatburger. Not bad, but not great.
2	Boo to the line that accumulates at this joint, but I finally got to try it since its recent grand opening.  I like that it is situated at my favorite casino!  My favorite since it is near my house.  Unfortunately, I had a bad experience.  I ordered a regular cheeseburger and fries and it took forever to come out after I waited forever to order it.  When I got it, I was super excited to bite into it only to find that every bite tasted like mustard.  They put way too much mustard in my burger and I was extremely disgusted.  I immediately became really annoyed because my boyfriend was happily enjoying his burger.  I will have to give 1 star for the price and 1 for my fries as well as my boyfriends burger.  Lucky for me, he gave me 1/4 of his burger so that I can get the mustard taste out of my mouth.  He also enjoyed his shake, but I'm not really a fan of milk shakes.  I will try it again since I'm at this casino often, but for now, sorry folks, I still prefer In n Out over a mustard burger.
2	I'm a Southerner so I had VERY high hopes for the Steak N Shake since it was one of my favorite places back home... Kind of bummed. For one, they do not serve their fabulous breakfast which was my favorite meal here. I'm amazed that there is such a huge line but that's probably just because I've never seen a line at any of the other Steak N Shakes around the country. The butter pecan shake was awesome, the fries were good, the burger was okay. Love the chain but this one was not worth the 30 minute drive and hour long wait in line.
2	I thought I would see what all the hype has been about this place . I should have waited until the lunch rush was over because they only had very few seating at the counter. The counter is too far away from your chair which makes it a bit uncomfortable to eat without stretching yourself toward it. I couldn't help but overhear the guys next to me were complaining about it as well . The service from the start was friendly. The good thing is the food came out fast , but it was just average. The burgers are just basic , they didn't really have much flavor aside from the bulk of cheese they smothered it in . I couldn't tell that they were made from steak?I am sure the shakes are probably the most flavorful item in the menu ,but I didn't want to waste my whole day's calories on one. I can't say that I would go out of my way to recommend it .
4	2 words: BUTTERY WISCONSIN.That should already say it all. The burger was sooooo moist and, literally, tasted like butter.....like it was cooked in 5 sticks of butter. I don't mean to scare you into heart attack city but, it was soooooo delicious. And this is coming from a self confessed "non burger eater."Their bbq burger is really good, too. Lots of bbq, onion fried strips and grilled onions on there. What's not to like!Thankfully, I went with a big group and prolly tried all of their milk shakes: mint-choco, banana, dark chocolate, chocolate, reece's peanut butter, prailines...all were really yumm...The best thing about steak and shakes (other than the burgers that is) are the prices. Most burgers were under $7 and they came with fries!Just a quick note: They are really busy so, expect a line. Or go there semi-hungry because there is a wait.You know what they say, "Good things come to those that wait..."
4	I came here again, but this time it was just me and my boyfriend. We were waiting around for a party to start and decided that we would come here since we were both kind of hungry. When we turned the corner to where the Steak N' Shake was, we were greeted by a tremendous line. My boyfriend looked at me and said, "oh hell no." But I remember that you could get things to go, so I told him that we should just do that and go eat it somewhere in the casino. We went up to the hostess and told her we're just getting something to go and she let us right in. There was only one person in front of us in the togo line, which was awesome. We knew there would be food at the party, so we decided we'd just get a little snack. That little snack turned out to be a Chili Cheese steak frank, Guacamole steak frank, 2 sides of fries, and 2 large sodas.  We only waited for 5 minutes tops. I told my bf to make sure they put the seasoning on the fries because I didn't want to miss out on that. He checked the bag and sure enough, they didn't. We went back and asked the lady at the counter for some seasoning and she said they didn't have any. WTF? Umm, they were only open for a few weeks at this point. No seasoning...really? There was a whole mountain of seasoning for sale right next to us and she said they didn't have any. We ended up walking to another woman at the counter and asking; she gave it to us right away. Since we got our food to go, we had to find somewhere to eat it. We ended up sitting at the little food court area where the ice cream and coffee place is. There were a few other people doing the same thing, so we didn't attract too much attention. We opened up out hotdog containers and dug in. Both of our hotdogs were delicious! Combined with the fries, this meal definitely hit the spot! We probably ate everything in about 5 minutes. I don't know why, but the food just tasted so much better than the first time we came here. All in all, 4 stars for the food and speedy service, minus one star for the "lack" of seasoning.
5	My husband could not have been more geeked that there was a Steak 'n Shake in the hotel he was staying at for a business trip in Vegas.  He grew up on this stuff in the Midwest so seeing it on the West Coast was an unexpected treat.  I had the mushroom and swiss burger and he had the western bbq burger.  I'm proud to say that it was the best mushroom and swiss burger I've ever had.  Something about all the flavors melded together just worked.  Most people would think it should just be like any other burger, but something about it definitely set it above the rest.  Hopefully they'll open one up closer to us here in Northern California.  Please, please, pretty please.  Thanks!
4	Don't let the long line deter you, we went for dinner and probably were in line for 20 minutes, it wasn't terrible.  The prices were about $5 for a burger and fries.  I got a boring single cheeseburger with everything on it, and I scarfed it down.  The bun and the meat were so soft and so good.  I liked that the patty was pretty thin.  Most of their special burgers come with 2 patties.  The fries were good even though I don't prefer shoestring fries. The onion rings were really good and crispy, the food arrived pretty quickly, the waitress was very helpful (Kaz or Karen), the chili 3 way (on spaghetti) was good, too.   They also sell chili in cans to go for $2.99 each.  The vanilla coke was also perfect - not too much syrup.  The others in our group tried the Chipotle burger, Buttery Wisconsin and the one with a fried egg in it.  They all were happy. There's also a separate "To Go" line.
3	The burger was good, not earth-shattering, but good for a burger (portabello). I really wanted to try the shake, so it was a real disappointment when the shake came out after I has finished eating my food. I ordered it first, as soon as we sat down. It ended up coming about a half-hour later. :(  it was good, but I can't help but feel slighted when the table that got seated before us had no problem with their shakes. Service is standard.
1	This was literally the worst take-out I've ever had.  We stopped for a quick bite to-go on our way into Vegas after a drive from LA.  From the moment I stepped in line to order to the moment I took a bit of the spicy chicken sandwich I ordered, 75 minutes had passed!  Unreal.  Granted, the sandwich was good, but not 75 minutes good.  Maybe 10 minutes good.  The whole thing was infuriating.  Avoid.
4	Review for LUNCHSo... hearing that the line can be a bit insane... we went early... got here around 11:40am for lunch... only had to wait like 5 minutes.Service:We were seated, our drink order taken and our drinks served very quickly.  I was very pleased with the immediate attention.Menu:Since this was our first visit, we gave the menu a good once over so it took us a few minutes to figure out what we wanted to try.  The server was very nice and came back a couple times to check on us while we were pondering our choices.Lots of choices... I was surprised.... from burgers to dogs to sandwiches to a few salads to chili and a few other miscellaneous items like chicken strips.Ordered... and only waited like 10 minutes and our food was out... QWIK BABY! And it was HOT.  :)I ordered the Guacamole burger, the other 2 in my party got the Buttery Wisconsin and the Chicago Style Steak Frank.Portions were RIGHT ON!  Not too big so that you waddle out of the place but just big enough to be filling.Now... the pictures make the burgers and dogs look like they are going to be Gi-Normous when they come out but they aren't.  Don't be afraid to order... you can always cut it in 1/2 and bring it home.My Guac burger was very juicy and tender.  (I don't know that I would order the Guac burger again as the Guac had too much onion and green peppers in it and not enough Avocado taste.)  The bun was light and fluffy.The fries were thin and crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside.  And they serve lots of fries with their order... easily can be shared.Didn't try their shakes as I'm lactose intolerant... but they looked heavenly.  I'm living vicariously through all those folks who I saw slurping away with a smile on their face.Price:For 3 people.... at lunch.... $17 w/o tip.... We Will Be Back!
2	Not bad. We came on a Sat. And it was packed a line out the door. So we opted for the take out. The burgers were good but the fries sucked. We didn't try the shakes but they looked good. Meat was good but could have been thicker. Not bad overall but I'm only coming back for the shakes. It's happy hour M-F 2-4pm for all drinks and shakes.
4	Great place. The burgers are really they are similar to that of Johnny rockets actually the whole place is similar to jpnny rockets.  You definitely need to get a shake it was very good. They also mix flavors, they put a on flavor on each side.The line get long fast so I suggest getting there for an early dinner or lunch
4	I had never had Steak and Shake but had heard great things about their burgers from friends, so when we finally got one in Las Vegas I was excited to see if the burgers were really as great as some people claim. I stopped in with some coworkers around noon on a Tuesday. There was no wait to be seated, and our waiter came around to take our drink order pretty quickly. I went with the M&M shake which was very thick, stuffed full of M&Ms and super duper tasty.For my actual meal I really had a hard time deciding what to get. I ended up getting three shooters (what they call their sliders) with cheese added, as well as fries. The shooters were small, but well cooked and three of them were enough to make me feel like I had a good lunch without that over-stuffed feeling. The fries were well cooked but super skinny. I prefer steak fries so for my own personal taste, the fries were the only real downside to my meal.Lunch for 6 people was $45 before tip, but only two of us got milkshakes so that's why it wasn't more expensive. Will I be back? Now that I know there isn't an hour wait for a table at lunch, yes, I absolutely will!
4	Wanted to see what the hype was about but I'm sad to say that it didn't fully live up to it. Went with a party of 6 people, which was a mistake. I suggest you go in a group of 4 or less because their seating can't handle large groups. We had to wait for about an hour because there wasn't a available to seat all of us. It took about 5 minutes for a waitress to come and get our drinks. The staff seems pretty nice. There were a lot of choices, all for under $10 which was the best thing for me, since I'm a poor college student. The food didn't take long but I wouldn't call it quick. I went with the 3-way chili (spaghetti with chili on top) and it was pretty delicious. I couldn't complain since it was $4. The milkshakes were good as well.I would have given the place a 5/5 if it weren't for the darn wait and the lack of large group seating. I'd definitely come back though.
5	have eaten here several times. the portobella mushroom burger is as good as it gets. strawberry shake with fudge on top also excellent. first time we ate here was the second day they opened. long line, 60 minute wait. worth it, and hey, who says you can't visit with the other people in line. food remains consistanly good, service good, one of our regular stops. if you go during happy hour three people can have burgers, fries and shakes for around $20.
2	Even ignoring all the hype, this place is only worth two stars.  The ridiculous line out the door didn't help it anyway.I ordered a cheddar cheddarish cheddar burger or something like that.  Really good cheese I will admit.  But thats the only good thing about this burger.  Didn't have any sauce that I can remember, but that is fine.  Lettuce, tomato, and bun were average.  The meat was very unimpressive.  It was thin and flavorless.  It reminded me of the sort of hamburger meat you would get at a school cafeteria.The fries were the horrible shoestring junk you would find at in-n-out.  They don't taste like potatoes, but instead taste like whatever grease they were fried in.  I'm pretty fed up with this whole trend of thin crispy fries.  Give me steak fries.  The place is called steak and shake isn't it?The milkshake was average at best.  Pretty much the same shake you would expect from mcdonalds.  I'll continue to go to jack in the box if I want a milkshake.My buddy ordered the chili.  It was pretty bland and unimpressive from what I heard.After our food was delivered we were completely ignored by the waiter.  Never got any drink refills and never got the mustard we requested.
5	Had to come by here and eat since I was at the Southpoint getting my drink on with some friends. This is the perfect place to hit up when you have a buzz on.Another super yummy cheeseburger..less than 10 bucks for a burger, fries and a turtle milkshake. I felt like Travolta in Pulp Fiction after drinking it! It was amazing! Chocolate & caramel swirled together. It was heaven.After all that I was done for the evening and had to go home and pass out...until next time  Steak n Shake..
3	Steak n Shake comprises one of the 4 pillars of legendary burger chains.  The other 3 being In n Out, Five Guys, and White Castle.  Sometimes the hype surrounding them creates stratospheric expectations, but let's face the reality - they are all chains, and although you may not get the best burger you have had in your life, it is the best burger you can get at such an affordable price.So Steak and Shake was high on my list of places to try since it is a bit of an oddity in the burger world. The CEO Sardar Biglari seems to strike many people as being a Warren Buffet wannabe (a compliment).  He has taken the Steak n Shake franchise and built it into a cash cow that allows him to buy stakes in other companies (pretty punny).  He has gone shopping for insurance companies in the past.  That's right, get your burger and your insurance policy all in one place.  In addition, he has renamed the company Biglari Holdings as well has issued a 20:1 stock reversal.  When was the last time you saw a stock for a burger joint at $400 a share?!?!?  This smacks of Buffet's Berkshire Hathaway strategy of creating a bajillion dollar company, but with much tastier offerings.  Have you ever purchased any handkerchiefs with Berkshire Hathaway logo on it? Eventually, that business was phased out.So, off I went to Steak n Shake to see how Biglari's plan is coming along.  Then I saw the ridiculous lines and wait times.  I am pretty certain that this will probably continue to be a good cash generating business.  Once the hype dies down, the wait will be much less, but definitely a far better run business than Krispy Kreme.  Remember the lines there? Nowadays, it's Krispy what?  But let's get to the burgers.  I give a ton of props to the photographer for the menu as he/she has done wonders in making the burger look fantastically big.  When it arrives you will most likely be dumbfounded and think that they brought the wrong one.  I ordered the Wisconsin Buttery which is a double and I seriously doubt that it had more meat than a Big Mac.  But it was pretty decent.  It's hard to go wrong when you slap butter on something.  The quality of the meat was pretty good, although a bit miniscule.  It reminded me of jumping into a cold pool - major shrinkage.  Milkshakes are wonderfully rich and creamy, that it should be spoon eaten rather than using a straw unless you have the suction powers of a porn star.  And the cloth napkins were nice, but definitely a bit out of place.  Fries are super skinny and crisp, but nothing fantastic.  Their chili reminds me of a can of Hormel with beans.The best way to enjoy your burger here is to drop your expectations - plain and simple.  Just remember to add 1 patty to what you would normally eat.
3	This was my second visit here. The first time was Just ok, I thought I would give it another try. This time my husband and I went for lunch. We decided to go early so we would beat the hungover out of towners. We realized when we arrived that most patrons were grazing towards the ridiculous buffet line. We were able to walk right in with no waiting , as they had a few tables left. Since I was having a cheat day to come here , I had to try one of their shakes. It was creamy and delicious with a cherry on top! We kept it simple and ordered the basic cheeseburger , mine with extra pickles. I would say the burgers were good, not amazing by any means. The meat is steak , but it is super thin so I would suggest to order a double to make your burger more meaty. We did have to wait for a long time for our burgers , about 25 minutes. My shake was pretty much finished before the burger got to the table. Otherwise our server was nice, and kept trying to tell us our food would be right out! When? That was the only drawback, so I would say this place is average. When we were leaving , there was a long line of peeps waiting to get in.
2	Do not order take out! These geniuses put all take out tickets with dine in tickets. We ended up waiting 40 mintues to order! When we got our sandwiches 15 minutes later, the sliders were ice cold, the fries were old and not hot and my patty melt was luke warm at best. MilkShake was damn good though.
5	Like all the best things in life, this place is both cheap and good. I've had Steak n Shake bookmarked since the day they opened in town, but haven't had a chance to try it until today. I have to admit, I'm glad I waited after hearing about the monstrously long lines. We arrived around 7:15 and were seated by 7:25, so not too long a wait. My jaw dropped when I opened the menu to see the cheapest prices for a casino burger I've seen in AGES! The prices alone made me love this place.I decided on the guacamole burger with a very berry strawberry milkshake. My fella got the royale with the cookies n cream milkshake. My dining partners Ryan B. got the western burger with the cookie dough milkshake and Carolyn S. got the trip of shooters with a turtle nut caramel shake. We all absolutely loved and devoured our burgers and shakes. There was a 50/50 split (boys vs. girls) on the fries, with girls in favor of them and the boys against. My fella was swayed over to the girls side after he sprinkled some of the spices on, liberally of course. Oh, and the shakes. The shakes are heaven in a glass. I highly recommend the specialty shakes, especially the fruit options since they have real fruit blended in there, but they were all equally delicious. You can't go wrong here.A special shout out to the pepper sauce. I mixed some in with my ketchup for an extra zing. Special note: The service was good at first, but once we ordered it was a little difficult to get a hold of our waitress to get refills and more ketchup, but she came back and redeemed herself with lots of refills and plenty of ketchup.I'm officially a fan and I'll definitely be back.
3	On a subsequent visit, the shakes arrived promptly, the food also.  The waitress was also nicer/better then our first visit.  I had the wisconsin buttery, which was yummy.
4	Wow,  what a great price!Wait - Okay this can be a bit long, so use the facilities before you get in the line...Service - Top Notch.Price - Very reasonable.Burgers - WOW Very tasty, lots of choices, juicy, big, tasty, tender, scrumdiliumptious.Shakes - An art form, a masterpiece, a Leonardo da Vinci!Diet - All this is great for your diet.  If you are on a see food diet!Final result - Shake your booty on down the the SouthPoint Casino and check out this place, if you can withstand all the smoke.
2	Stopped by here in on our way through Vegas. There were many signs along the way advertising the place so we figured why not?? S n S located in the South Pointe Casino. Having never been there, it seems that we parked the furthest possible distance away from the restaurant so we got to fight all the smokers on the way through. Being from California, I do not miss that smoke however after walking through this place, I know feel AND smell like a smoker. Anyway, no stars deducted for us having to walk, that was our fault. Once at the restaurant, the waiting line was medium in length but moved through rather quickly. We had a party of 7 and they ended up cramping us into a booth that was not made for that many people. I had fears of Thanksgivings past where I'd have to go the the kid table. Regardless, the seating arrangement worked out but not without some discomfort. Service overall was ok but our waitress was a little flighty. Kept calling my daughter "the baby". She's EIGHT!! My friend asked for some A1 sauce and was brought an empty bottle....dead serious. To top things off the service was slow. The food itself did not taste bad however it looks nothing like the menu. I was hungry and left the place not being quite fulfilled.  The food tasted alright however the quantity was not as it appeared on the menu.  I guess it never is.I would eat here again if I were in the area but would never make a special stop.
4	First timer loved it. Me and my daughter went had 2 single patty burgers each with fries a coke and her a specialty shake price = 10.87 nice and tasty bun slightly toasted, onions, fresh tomatoes,with long slice of deli pickle. Went back again daily from 2 to 4 pm or am shakes are half off , their onion rings are off the hook. Im only sorry I didnt try th 5 way chilli
2	First of I have to say that I like the food at Steak and Shake, but the service is just terrible! I don't care about waiting in line to get in... it happens there and should be expected if you go. What I'm talking about is getting your drinks and knowing that once the food is there good luck getting a refill on your drink! Im also talking about it having to wait almost 20 minutes in line to pay because the manager can't be bothered to come up and help so we are sent off into the take out line only to wait again and when the manager finally comes up to clear the line all she says is "it happens". I then asked for a corp customer she replies "it only going to come to me anyway". Seriously, if thats the way you want to treat people I wont be back. Its a shame because the food was good!
4	Finally had the opportunity to check out Steak 'n Shake before a session of midnight bowling with the homies.This review deserves a follow up as i am feeling a bit under the weather and the congestion blocked out some of the flavors. Despite all that it was still pretty good. If i had to describe Steak n' Shake it would be a burger joint half way between Sonics and Smash Burger.I really wanted to try the 3 way chili or grab a Chicago Dog meal but this place is best known for their burgers. So burgers we shall order!Spicy Chipotle (no onion)First impression when this burger came out was a sudden burst of realization: 'That's why they offer multiple meat patties...these are tiny.' Not sure if it was the burger or my cold but there wasnt much heat in this burger. The pepperjack cheese couldnt stand on it's own against the two meat patties and if they werent there i probably wouldnt have noticed them missing, the sauce was spread too thin so i couldnt taste it in every bite. The diced Jalapenos were the most disappointing, they removed all the seeds and diced up the flesh so there was no heat and everyone knows it's the seeds that pack a punch not the fruit itself. Without seeds the bits of Jalapenos tasted like diced up green bell pepper. The real magic comes from those small beef patties. Anthony M was right they're small but they do pack a lot of flavor.Strawberry MilkshakeA cool note is they're willing to split a large milkshake into two smaller ones with no additional cost. The shake it self was really good.Overall i would like to come back and give the chili or the Chicago Dog a try. The steakburgers are pretty tasty here but i would stick to the basic burger instead of something fancy as the patties have enough flavor to stand on their own.
4	This, hands-down, was the best, most amazing burger/shake joint I have ever been to.  It's cheaper than fast food for a burger/shake.It's amazing.It's amazing.IT'S EFFING AMAZING.go go go!
3	Visited on 2011-04-16 for a late dinner.  There was a line outside, but it moved reasonably quickly.  I ordered the spicy chipotle burger while my other half ordered the mushroom burger; good, but it didn't blow us away.  We skipped the milkshakes this time, but won't next time.  Place is very clean.  Overall, good but not great - probably because we didn't do the milkshakes.
3	The line was pretty long even in the lunch hours, so I couldn't wait to try the food. I have been to Steak 'n Shake many years ago, but I forgot how everything tasted. This was the first one for Vegas, and people were responding!They had two different lines. One for dining and one for takeout. The shorter line was takeout, so that was my line lol. The wait for food wasn't long at all, and I was quite impressed since it was so busy. Everyone almost in the restaurant had the signature hats on while they were dining. The burger wasn't really good at all. I was sad because I had looked foward to this burger and the fries were really thin. The shake I had was the best part! It was a side-by-side Strawberry Banana shake! That was really really good! I will only go back for the shakes..
5	one of the best burgers in Vegas i've had!  Burgers are good, fries are good, shakes are good.  Open late too!
2	I went here for lunch and thought it was going to be amazing . The lighting was SO bright it made you dizzy . The burgers had barely and meat and the shake was not what I expected I ordered the cookies and cream and the oreo was just on the top the rest was just vanilla ice cream . Not impressed
2	I too was really looking forward to trying this place out. I live in Vegas and we are alway looking for good Burger places here. My husband and I do not smoke and agree with the other comments that having to walk through a smoke filled room to go eat is not pleasant. Line was long. About 35 minutes to sit down. It's very bright and noisy inside. Prices are reasoable but food was really boring. I had a Patty Melt and discovered there was only a thin piece of hamburger patty on one side of sandwhich. Other side had Nadda! I hated the fries. Fried shoe string potatoes tasted like chips. I also had a Mocha Chocolate shake which had a chemical-type after taste. yuck! I won't be back. I think I'll stick to Red Robin or Chile's or even In-N-Out next time.
1	Good food for the money but the last time I visited I found a hair in my burger. I pulled it out and told my wife that the hair is short and curly. She looked into the kitchen and none of the cooks had curly hair! I thought it looked like a pubic hair. I complained to the manager and all she did was remove the burger from the bill. I gelt the whole meal should have been free. *side note: Yelp, you should have a negative star icon for places that don't warrant one star rating like Steak 'n Shake.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better."There have been people who have been persuading me to go here, convincing me its going to be revolutionary for a burger joint. Seeing as how burgers are generally redundant as is to me, I decided to take a shot. The only thing I've found good was the mint milkshake, and that was it. Fries were bland, meat was bland, the whole burger was nothing special. I think their sauces actually attempt to make up for how bland their patties are, because honestly I could have gotten the same stuff for $3 cheaper elsewhere. The location is fairly busy, and because of this, a little bit of a wait for both seating and take-out. The staff is fairly friendly and attentive. I don't see what is so great about Steak 'N Shake, it really wasn't anything special to myself.
2	I have heard a lot of buzz about this restaurant and thought it would be fun to check it out with some friends. Though I enjoyed the diner feel of the place, I was not impressed by the food or the service. I admit my expectations were high, and if I would of been told to expect more of a fast food level of service and food with a dine-in atmosphere, I may have liked it more. It wasn't horrible but I would prefer In-n-Out any day.
3	This place is busy!
2	I hadn't been to a Steak 'N Shake in years.  We used to go quite often when I lived back east since they were open 24 hours and it was a good spot to hit after a night out drinking.  I'm not sure if my taste buds have just changed, if the burgers I've had here and in LA have upped my burger requirements, or if this particular one just kinda sucks, but it's definitely not what I remember!So my first complaint are the hours here.  This is a 24 hour town, yet this Steak 'N Shake closes at either midnight or 1am depending on the day.  That's pretty lame.  I'd personally never even eaten at the chain back east until at least 2am, so eating here during the day was a first for me.  And this was my first experience ever eating here sober too.  I always remember their shoestring fries being insanely good and crispy!  Not here thou, they were very bland and almost mushy.  I remember the burgers being very tasty, but it was just blah, barely a step up from someplace like Micky D's.  I ordered a shake for old times sake and it took forever to arrive.  I would've liked to have it during my meal, especially since I ordered it at the same time.  But it didn't arrive until I had about 2 bite left of my meal.  That was pretty annoying!All in all, I really doubt I'll be returning.  The line to get in was ridiculously long, so the 30+ minute wait for a bland and underwhelming meal wasn't something I'd like to repeat anytime soon.
2	I don't see what the fuss is about and don't understand why there is a constant line outside. I waited a few weeks after opening hoping the line would die down and it never did. Figuring there must be something great about this place, the boyfriend and I stuck with the 25 minute wait. The burgers are nothing great. I honestly don't even think they give Mickey D's a run for their money. The fries had no flavor at all. The only thing worth it at this place were the shakes. The mint oreo shake was pretty yummy. I will save the few extra bucks and the wait time and stick to In-n-Out.
3	Mediocre. Better than Five Guys, not as good as In n Out.
4	Timing is everything. Wandered up at 2:30pm on Saturday and no lines. Used my free birthday coupon to order a Double Steakburger with cheese (1000 island, lettuce, tomato, onion ) to go.. Haven't had one of these in several years and I was quite pleased. Those thin, crispy fries were as advertised and the burger was freshly prepared and hot off the grill. It was also hand-formed and every bite had great cheese coverage. Yes, it's fast food, but even in this category, some places shine and Steak N' Shake (although not worth waiting hours for) is easily fits in my personal top 5 of fast food burger joints (White castle, In n'out, Culvers, Big mac).
4	Ate here for the first time today and I'll tell ya it was pretty yummy in my tummy. I can see why this place almost always had a long line of people waiting to be seated. The food is good and it's not expensive at all. I would definately recommend to get a shake if your'e going to eat here. My boyfriend and I shared a strawberry shake and it was delicious. Our total was like fifteen bucks and change. The place was clean, had nice decor, friendly staff, and spacious. We had a good time here. Something worth trying out. I would suggest going early though, to prevent waiting in line for so long.
4	My trip to Indianapolis summer had me frequenting Steak 'n Shake while visiting.  The burgers are awesome and the shakes are even better.  I'm glad I only had to wait 6 months for this one to open.  Since my in-laws are from back East, all I heard every day was "xx days until opening!"Now that I can compare this establishment to the ones back East, I must say the got it close.  Some things are off, but forgivable:- The employees don't know the menu very well, they don't even know the 'hidden' menu!  My in-law tried ordering something (he worked there when he was a teenager) and they didn't know.- The food is almost there.  My wife pointed out that somethings were missing or completely off.- The service and wait was very slow.  Being the only one in town, we have no choice but to wait.  Hopefully it speeds up as the employees pick up.  One other nit-pick of mine is that while there is a huge line to get in, they are seating 2 people where you should seat 4 and then the party of 4 has to wait an extra 15-20 minutes.  My mandatory selections are: The double 'n cheese burger, The Frisco Melt, The FRIES! and the Shakes.  Don't be afraid to try the seasoning either. It was so good, I bought some to take home with me.
5	Finally Steak 'N Shake has come to VEGAS! You have no idea how much I love this place. I grew up on Steak 'N Shake back home, and after every football game, or school dance everyone would always meet up here. Also they were open 24 hours so we could always grab a delicious milk shakes. Not only does Steak "N shake have great Milkshakes- their Frisco Melt is to die for delicious. Oddly enough my favorite thing on their menu, is their fried chicken salad with ranch. A salad... really..? I know! But it is amazing, instead of using croutons they use deep fried tortilla strips and everything is just yummy! You must go here and try anything on their menu, you will not be disappointed! I promise.
4	This was the first time I tried and even heard about this place. I got interested because of the long line of people waiting to eat here. The take out line was just as long as the dine-in line! The couple in front of us said they had been waiting for it to open and they were excited to have one ln Las Vegas so I was even more excited to try this place.First of all, the Milkshakes are to die for! BEST milkshakes of my life! I tried the strawberry one and then i came back for the oreo mint...both equally good....i would come back here just for the shakes!this place has extremely reasonable prices too! Granted, yes, the burgers are smaller than your usual fast food burgers, but they are still good and you can't beat the price! most of them are around 3.99 with fries and the highest is like 5.99. super good deal. i can't wait to go back and try some other things on the menu!
5	When this place opened up, there was a huge excitement associated with this well-known restaurant serving burgers made of ground steak and creamy milkshakes. My husband was familiar with it since the chain advertised on some of the channels that aired all the baseball games. Plus he had heard from a good friend, that it was really good. We came here recently to celebrate my husband's birthday and went to a movie afterwards. The place looks like a 1950's diner (the murals adorning the walls from the 1950's probably helped, too), with the staff wearing traditional black and whites (does it sound too fancy for a burger joint?). There is a line for sit-down service- about a twenty minute wait (this is the only location in the city, so expect it). (Come to think of it, there is a line for the takeout window as well.) The staff is very nice. Besides the specialty burgers, there are a few chicken sandwiches and a couple salads. The prices are on average about $7.00 and less for combo meals, per person. We came here with my father-in-law and his wife. Everyone ordered burgers and I ordered a chicken sandwich (I know it sounds funny, but that's me). My sandwich was good, but I might actually try the sliders next time (curiosity), plus I know that the meat is really tender too. My husband said it was probably the best burger he had, but that it's also hard to compare it to the others (red robin, islands, ruby tuesday) since there isn't anything else like it. Oh and for the heat lovers, there is a bottle of peppers on the table. (There are bottles of seasoning and peppers for sale, for those of you you want to take it home.) The burgers are fully cooked, so you know (my husband usually likes it medium). The other star of the restaurant is the selection of milkshakes. I chose the banana-chocolate ("side by side"- I know it's a weird concept to grasp) and it was really yummy. I would order that flavor again even though (it was that good) there are so many other flavors to choose from, like chocolate, vanilla (my FIL got this one), and cookies and creme (my hubby chose this one). Seriously, there are so many flavors- something for everyone, really. The average cost of a milkshake was $4.00. If you are ordering one for take-out, know that the size is significantly smaller, than if you are dining in- food for thought. I am not surprised that the place is super popular and crowded (the twenty minute wait is a small price to pay). It's reasonable (almost like fast food prices), original (ground steak burgers), and everything is really good. Sometimes when you hear about a place, you have these high expectations, and then you're let down. But that didn't happen here. We are coming here again soon (this weekend), and I can hardly wait. I'm getting that shake again!
5	Back in the Sad Days, I would have to wait an entire year to go to Steak n Shake. I would travel to Indianapolis and eat there as much as I possibly could because I knew I would not be there again for another year.Ladies and Gentlemen, my life was lived improperly. No man should be deprived of steak burgers and oreo milkshakes for a whole year and thus Las Vegas - specifically the South Point Hotel and Casino (which fortuitously happens to be one of the FIRST hotels you reach coming from Los Angeles) has stormed its way into my life and slapped my hopes and dreams into reality. Frisco Melt is now on crunchy sourdough - IMPROVEMENTthe $4 meal deals are still intact - EXCELLENT VALUEHappy Hour of half-priced shakes - POSITIVE ENERGY EVERYWHEREThis has instantly become a staple of mine and I will literally go to vegas more often simply because of this restaurant. If I could give this six stars I would.
2	Typical diner, very packed, friendly people, great environment and the food was average not much else to say....
4	Tried steak n shake for the first time in Orlando. Was super good just because it was a late night snack. And heard that it opened up in Vegas at southpoint casino. Haaaaaad to go when I went to Vegas of course!First time hitting up southpoint. They really do have the worlds greatest slots! Haha. Played while waiting in line. Makes the line move faster! My bf and I were here during happy hour. He ordered the BBQ bacon burger. He's a Carls jr. western bacon cheeseburger lover and felt guilty for betraying his loyalty. But I convinced him to try it. He hasn't had Carls jr. since! I ordered the guacamole burger. I love guacamole! Oh so yummy!! And their shake was perfectly made! So good! Even better that southpoint slots paid for our meal! :)
5	Dear God,Thank you for putting Steak and Shake at my hotel. (southpoint)The wonderful cooks at Steak and Shake understand the concept of burgers and shakes....simple...but good and tasty.The 4 of us ate lunch for under $30...THAT'S INCLUDING SHAKES!!!It's far from the strip, but worth the dang drive....come on people...burgers and shakes made simple...good prices.....no KOBE beef, but well worth it.
3	08/09/11: Another star lost from my review. We walked up to a promising sight, the line to be seated was 100% EMPTY. This is the first time I had ever seen it like that. Within moments, we were seated and our party of 4 began chatting and catching up.FIFTEEN MINUTES passed before our server, Rodrigo, decided to stop by our table. We had enough time to decide what we wanted in that time, so drink and food orders were given at the same time. Rodrigo read them back properly, it was promising that my order would not be messed up again (The last two times when I asked for EXTRA sauce on the side, my sandwich would have no sauce on it).We were rather surprised when our food came out within a couple minutes. Well, most of it did. Somehow, between reading back our order correctly and inputting it into their order computer, our server managed to forget to put in some of my food. The foodrunner ran back and made sure the last bit was cooked and arrived very quickly too.All of the special order requests and extra sides (with sauce on the sandwich) were correct. Almost. For some reason, they decided to put the wrong cheese on my sandwich, but the guests sitting across from me, who ordered the same sandwich, all had the proper cheese.  Little things add up when you are annoyed!Even better than the special orders being right, this visit, the cooks managed to actually grill the bread! I won't dock the restaurant for this next bit, but the older, grandmother looking lady (she had what looked to be 3 generations in her party) kept staring at our table (which was in the corner) with a scowl on her face. It was kind of creeping me out.07/07/11: The food is almost always perfect. The service is hit or miss. Although, the worse the service, the more true to form this location is to all of the other steak n shakes I have had the pleasure of eating at during many trips back east.
2	The service stinks.  That's putting it politely because every time they fucked up our order they never apologized and their lack of communication is worst.  Maybe I just get the bad server but the managers are just as unprofessional.  The to go line during their happy hour for milkshakes is so disorganized I have no confidence they ever get my order right.  These Burgers suck and are just nothing special at all.  The meat may not be frozen but that steak seasoning doesn't do anything for me.  It sucks!  The fries aren't fresh cut and they suck.  The only thing that didn't suck was the milkshake and they couldn't even get that right on the first order.  THREE TIMES I've ordered a milkshake here they've fucked it up.  I'm NEVER going back to this particular SnS again.
4	Dear Jeebus...one of the bestest drunkie burger I have ever tasted. I knew I wanted to try this place out on our recent Vegas trip and after several hours in the sports book at Southpoint with my significant other, we tried out the Wisconsin Burger and some shakes. First of all, the Wisconsin Burger. Hello! Double meat patty with cheese, smothered with Wisconsin butter? I lost all self dignity and calorie counting for the day. It was, hands down, a great burger. I got the mint Oreo cookie shake and it was delicious, I made the boyfriend take a picture of me loving on it, it was that good. He got the turtle shake and commented many times, in graphic detail, how much he was enjoying it. Sorry to other with poor/bad servers but our server rocked, we were in and out of there in 25 minutes, with full tummies. These are the types of places I am glad are few and far between because I would be a chunky monkey if this place was around the corner from my house.
4	Very cool burger and shake diner. Burgers are way smaller then in the pictures but with fries and a shake you don't need any more then a single. They are cooked on the flat top and are tasty.
3	the interior reminds me of Johnny Rockets. This place is alright for burgers and has good prices. If you are in the Southpoint casino and looking for reasonably priced food, its worth a stop. They also have seasoning for fries/burgers, but I didn't try it.
5	The Burgers taste like in and out burgers and tehy are just as good. Great service and great attutude from everyone. Cheap to eat here with a good portion of what ever you order.
3	For the price was just ok but didn't get a shake. Food was a bit greasy
4	Absolutely love this place. What a great value. Not kobe beef but tons better than any fast-food but just as inexpensive and the shakes can't be beat! We live here and go at least once a month.
4	I tried this place for the first time last week. Usually, the line is pretty long, but I must've gone when it was slow because we got seated right away. The bf ordered the Frisco Melt and it was delicious! I ordered the Slider Trio (I chose A1, Chipotle, and Frisco) and it was pretty good, but my favorite was the one with the Frisco sauce. That sauce is pretty amazing. Another plus, the fries are cut pretty thin so they crispy, just to my liking. Unfortunately, I didn't try their shakes, but I definitely will next time!
5	Why 5 stars? Because I need to counter the other Yelpers who are giving this place 1 and 2 stars reviews. Before we start any discussion, let's look at the prices on the menu. Most items are below $5. You can get a burger, fries, and a drink for $4. These are fast food prices, people. Please adjust your expectations accordingly. Also keep in mind that this is place gets hit hard with movie-goers. Really, really hard. It gets slammed on movie nights and there's usually a 15-20 min wait to get seated. Burgers are fine. Not amazing, but not bad either. The burger's just an excuse to chug down one of their tasty milkshakes anyway.
3	I think I'm being pretty nice with a three star review on this place. I was real amp'd up to try it out since I'm always at the Southpoint.  Fast forward about four drinks later and the food still tasted pretty basic.  Alcohol did nothing to help it out. I will say the cost is what kept it at three stars.  It was only a few bucks for my two steakburger shooters and small chili cheese fries.  Thumbs down on the chili having beans, I really don't like that.  I think having a big name inside the southpoint is what gets this enormous line for this place.  I thought Johnny Rockets when I seen it but Steak n Shake definitely ain't taking that bomb burger crown away from them anytime soon.I like how they have a separate line for togo orders.  it was ridiculously crowded inside and the line was getting long.  My friend, her mom, and I ordered our stuff togo and sat by the Del Mar lounge, which took at least 30 minutes off the wait time.  Such a brilliant idea!All in all if you really want a good burger, go to the cafe after midnight and you can get the cheeseburger combo for like $2.95. Now that burger hits the spot!
1	I love Steak 'n Shake.  I was so very excited to see a billboard advertising this location as we drove into Vegas this weekend.  We schlepped out to South Point on Friday night to get some shakes, and were surprised by the line.  No big deal, we'll just get our shakes to go.  There's a line inside the restaurant for the take-out counter, and the hostess tells us to get in line outside the doors.  OK, fine... so we wait.  And wait.  And the line doesn't move at all.  After about 15 minutes, my friend finally gets the hostess to talk to him, and she said that it would be at least another 30 minutes until we could order.  WTF?!  Have these people never worked in a take-out situation?  It seemed like they were taking an order, cooking that order, and then charging that order... not taking another order until the prior order was cooked.  I don't get it.  Literally, we saw *one* take-out order leave while we were in that line for 15 minutes.We just wanted shakes.  There's no reason in the world why this place is so very disorganized.  We left without our shakes and ended up at Dairy Queen with friendly service.  I miss Steak 'n Shake and will have to visit one in the midwest on my next trip there - and just try to forget that there's a lame attempt at one in the South Point casino in Vegas.
2	Wifey wanted 2 try this place despite all the long line reviews we tried it anyways. Sunday night & yes just like the reviews there was a long line. It took us 20 mins to get seated not as bad as I thought but once we were seated 10 mins b4 our server asked us if we wanted anything but we were ready to order so we did. 11 Mins later we got our waters, another 15 for the food & another 5 or so for the shakes. I had the Royal very very average burger the egg was over cooked my shake was all melted milk with chunks of oreo cookies in it not hard ice cream like a good shake was which just means it was sitting up there & ready for a wile. My wife liked her burger & butter pecan shake & she'll be back but I'll be @ In & out where the Burger's R hands down the best in Vegas & your milkshake is a freaking milkshake .... I gave it a shot but I will never go back.
3	This was actually a quick trip, just wanted a classic strawberry shake, is that so much 2 ask.....
4	.., another addition to our South Point shenannigans, this Indiana classic has a new found home in Vegas!My gf Diane would always rave about their 24hr. location when she had gone to school out at the University of Purdue. From my take, Steak n' Shake has a cult following similar to how our local Californian's dig our beloved In N' Out burger.We had attempted to eat here once before during a previous stay, but the line was "super" long, & we were "super" drunk. Feeling a bit too "super", we continued our blackjack binge before getting something to eat out on the strip, I think?Then during our last visit, we finally made it our goal to eat here despite the hr. long wait. We lost track of time, given we were in Vegas,but I believe it was late afternoon. The decor has a rockin' 50's theme w/ checkered tiling, pictures of curly haired Peggy Sue's drinking shakes, & tunes from Fats Domino, Elvis, etc. Once we were seated, we were taken care of immedietely. I ordered the original cheesy cheddar steak burger along w/ shoestring fries, & a bowl of chili while Diane had their chili spaghetti. The burger itself was delicious. It didn't wow me the way I expected, but it has quality ingredients, fresh produce, & felt like it was made with love. Fries were salty & tasty, but my favorite part of my meal was their chili. That really hit the spot. Diane's chili spaghettie was delicious as well, had a good portion to it & the noodles were on point. The prices here are pretty cheap for what you'd expect. We paid around $17.50ish for our meal I believe which is not bad at all. My only dissapointment about this location is that it isn't 24 hrs. like the original in Indiana. You would think because it's Vegas & they would make a killing doing so, but it is what it is. Come check em' out!
1	Ok...I dont even know where to start.What is the big fuss about? This place had mediocre burgers, the chili was something a 2 year old made, and the shakes were not impressive either.The best thing this place had going for it was it was cheap. Honestly...wont be back to this overhyped excuse for a burger joint.
5	What a great little burger joint! This little hidden treasure is located inside South Point Casino and it has the old school diner feel of a  Ruby's. I was concerned when I saw that most of their burgers were "double patties" and I was picturing that these were going to be monstrous foot tall burgers that you would need to attack with a fork and knife. Instead, what I found was the perfect size tasty burger that was absolutely delicious in every way. Their double patties together were the size of one regular sized patty at any other burger joint. But, since they make their patties thinner, they absorb a lot of flavor and were just the perfect amount of crispy on the outside... ooo soo good! Also, you can not leave this place without trying one of their shakes!!! I had their Hersey's Special Dark Chocolate shake and I nearly licked the glass clean. Mmm mmm there's nothing more magical than the combination of a creamy chocolate shake with a juicy burger and shoestring fries
4	Hmm another chain of burger joint that I been wanting to try.  Finally this last Vegas trip I was able to get around to try it out.  Got here at 8pm at night and the line was still long.  The waitress went down the list and asked for parties and we only had 2 so we didn't have to wait since there were counter seats.  I looked over the menu and decided on the Royal burger and the Mint chocolate chip shake.  The price is really reasonable.  Burger and fries for under 6 dollar is not bad at all.Size of the burger is just enough, served with shoestring fries. Burger tasted moist and savory.  Need to come back to try other burgers.The fries were good with the seasoning they have at the table.  Milk shake was like any other milk shake, so nothing to rave about there.
5	Finally got the hubby to try this place. He was amazed at the price. It is very affordable. This was also the first time I brought my toddler as well. they bust out all kinds of treats for the kiddos here. He had a hat & two cardboard cars as well as the usual crayons to color with.That was a nice touch since it kept him happy so dinner was smooth.Always good service. The hubby thought the burger was better than Fatburger. I have to agree. Its one of my favorites in town.He also had a turtle shake to wash it all down and was very happy with that as well.Cant wait to bring the family back again!
3	Came here with some Yelpers after the Rock & Roll Wine event. I had been avoiding this place because of all the excitement surrounding this place. With that kind of noise, there is bound to be a line, and there was. The atmosphere of this place is similar to that of Johnny Rockets or any other old fashion burger joint and malt shop. The prices are cheap for a sit down restaurant. Most of the items were around 6 and they have specials for $3.99. My sister and I split the single steakburger with cheese and bacon. All the sandwiches and dogs come with a side of shoestring fries. Either orders stood out to be as magnificent as I have heard. In fact, what everyone said that night was more accurate. Maybe if I was drunk and needed a cheap burger I would appreciate it more. The toasted bun was more on the hard side. Saw that they pre-toast a pile to keep up with demand. The patties were thin and had little flavor. I also ordered a mint cookies 'n cream milkshake ($3.49). Besides the color, nothing else would hint at mint. It was a good green Oreo shake and not too sweet. Nothing stood out as spectacular, but it is not bad for a cheap bite while at the South Point.
4	We grew up in the Southeast part of the US where there is a Steak n Shake on every corner of our city.  So we took for granted having one close.  It is great to have one west of the Mississippi.  I have heard this is the only one!!Fan of :  milkshakes and fries.Not a fan of:  the "steakburgers" which is just a flattened burger.What is called a steakburger??  Not steak in sight!!  Only ground beef.  Still from the same source, but don't call it a steak when it ain't one :)We stopped by here late one night and just got a shake to go.  We put on the paper hats just for funsies :)Try it for the shakes and fries.  Hey, even dip the fries in the shake AKA Wendy's fries dipped in a Frosty.  Holla!!!
4	I really don't know if my review for Steak 'n Shake is going to have much relevance, due to the fact that I had neither steak or shakes.  So yeah, this is pretty weird. It's like the time I went to the Cheesecake Factory and ordered some Chinese food and complain it didn't taste very good. Maybe I should've figured out that their specialty has less to do with Chinese food and more to do with their actual restaurant name (It can't be factories, so it must be cheesecakes, right?). I can't tell you about their cheesecakes because I didn't have any. Whoa, anyways, sorry for going off on a slight tangent.  I can assure you I wasn't as brainless this time, and I originally planned to eat some steak until I saw their hot dog menu. I ordered their Chicago dog, and because I had some wine a couple hours ago I thought a shake wasn't necessary. I was conscious of my decision and yearned for something out of the ordinary. I ate their Chicago dog with a side serving of fries. Gotta say it was pretty damn good. The color of the relish was unbelievable. I actually didn't even know it was relish until I tasted it. It was so diced to the point it looked like a completely different vegetable. The fries were killer as well. They were thin and crunchy, kinda like the ones from McDonalds, but not drenched in oil nor salt.The place was jampacked and the waiting time was pretty long. In the end, however, it was all worth it. I definitely want to go again in the future. Maybe next time I'll be normal and actually order their specialty.
3	So my buddy was hyping this place big time telling me how great it was, so I decided to tag along and give it a shot. Now don't get me wrong, the burgers were good and the prices are reasonable, but I just wasn't that impressed. Maybe I was just expecting too much, but I didn't find the burger to be anything real special, still it was tasty in it's own right, but I'd probably stick to my beloved Inn N Out.
3	Black and white checker decor, for all you pecker heads. Servers and cooks wear paper hats shaped like boats. Bring a kid, and they'll give you one too. Lose money in the casino it's in, and then go drown your sorrows over greasy food. The shakes are pretty good though. Burgers are okay, if not a bit too flat and puny. Arnold would disapprove. Why you gotta smash the burger so damn flat? Fries are skinny too. I recommend a side or two of their liquid cheese for your fries and burger, by far the best tasting thing on their menu.Steak n' Shake is also sometimes referred to as Mistake n' Wait. For some odd reason, it has a strong fellowship of skinny, long-legged midwestern fans. You can tell they've never had a hardy burger before.All in all, not a bad option if you feel like waiting around for some cheap food.
3	I thought this place was going to blow my burger mind... Unfortunately, it didn't. There seems to always be a line to eat here every time I have passed by. It isn't so bad when it first opens and people tend to eat quickly since the food is served up so fast. Is it worth the wait? Maybe...I had the swiss & mushroom burger. It was good. My go-to item on the menu would be the shakes though. For three people to eat one burger and one shake each, it was approximately $32.Service was also super! I forgot my hand sanitizer and didn't want  to walk out of the restaurant to the casino bathrooms, so our food server got me moist towelettes. Sweet, right? Our waiter was great also! He was super polite and informative.PROSCheapQuick serviceGood serviceGreat milkshakesCONSLong linesBurgers not as great as everyone claims
4	This place holds a special memory for some of us who grew up eating the best thin steak burgers, and delish malt/milk shakes  and those ity bitty fries covered in cheese!  This was second visit since this location opened and today was almost as busy as the opening day!  Met up with another Steal 'n Shake lover who has missed the familiarity for the past few years, and we were not disappointed. She had the avocado burger and a huge 'side' salad, I had the double bacon steak burger and fries and it takes just like it always did growing up.  Line when we arrived and still a line when we were leaving.  Waitress seemed a bit dingy didn't get obvious humor, and had NO CLUE what a taka-hom-a-sak was I would figure that would be part of their training :)A side from our drinks not being refilled consistently or with out us flagging her down our meal was great and exactly what we hoped for.Got a chili to go (that's when I made the taka-hom-a-sak comment to her) and it ended up exploding before I got it home to the hubby :( Ah well it's the thought that counts right?
4	$4 for a triple burger with everything except for cheese and fries can't go wrong. Ask for their 4 meals at $4 not on menu. I really liked the burger but didn't care for the fries, too thin kinda like those  shoestring potato chips.  Surprisingly there was a lot of dining space. Service was ok, friendly and quick enough considering the were pretty busy.
1	The long line outside is extremely deceiving .. this burger joint was disappointing and did not live up to the hype. We ordered a single steakburger, a double n' cheese steakburger, and split a cookies and cream milkshake. Both burgers were completely tasteless. So much for the "steak".. the patty was so small and flattened down to almost nothing.. there was more of the bun if anything. I like thin fries but the fries that came with the meal was almost non-existent and over cooked. The only redeeming thing about our meal was our cookies and cream shake. Not too sweet and just the right amount of creaminess.Prices are fairly cheap, however you're better off spending you're money at In and Out where the burgers & fries are sooo much better..!
5	This place has become one of my favorite places to go for a good burger at a great price. It's great that I live really close to the Southpoint so I'm one happy mofo. I have never even heard of Steak n Shake until it opened up here, but I'm glad I know about it now. All I have to say is my new favorite burger EVER is the Wisconsin Buttery. I swear, it's like a party in your mouth! I've tried some of their other burgers, which are all really good, but the Wisconsin buttery, to me, Is total awesomeness. I usually get that and a shake. I like cookie dough myself. Theres usually a line during the times people would go out and eat, but it's not that bad. Well worth it to me. And with the prices of food in pretty much every single casino in vegas being high, the prices of the meals at Steak n Shake are a bargain.
1	Looks are deceiving.........Burger is comparable to a $1 burger at a fast food chain.  Milkshakes are total artificial flavoring!  Don't let the cheap prices tempt you!
2	I was shocked at the low sticker price at their burgers. Their triple burger is like $4.99, but was it good? You can make an arguement that in-n-out is better, so I guess you get what you pay for. Cheap burgers, cheap taste. Not worth trying.
5	Lucked out and only waited 5 mins for a table! Guacamole Burger & fries were great! Shake was tasty too! Enjoyed our experience. Food came out fast and hot!
5	I like just a bout everything in this place!! you have to try it the banana vanilla shake!!! and make sure put egg on your burger, it's amazing!!!
5	I had a serious misconception about Steak and Shake. I thought it was on the scale of Johnny Rockets which is kinda pricey. But its not. They have Meals for 4 dollars. And My meal with the shake was under 10. The Burger came out Juicy and fresh. Fast Service and friendly employees. The only thing i regret was not ordering dessert but there will be a next time.
2	overall the burgers are nothing different than mcdonalds or burgerking etc although there more on the smaller side then those places. i do however like the fries better than the fast food places available however they are the shoe string type so wouldnt really call them french fries. also, what is going on with there ketchup? do they really not ever put it in the fridge? it tasted vile!!! reminds me of when my highschool would do that crap....also, the service was nothing to write home about and for the sickly long lines i expected much much much more. also, just a side note if you dont like the garlic/outback seasoning thing that they put on there fries make sure you tell them when you order not to put it on... since they automatically do even though the same seasoning is at your table... 0.o
4	review is WAY OVER DUE!...RETRO THEME! loved it. how about lets end our vegas trip with burgers and milkshakes? before hitting the road back to LA, the roomies and I wanted to get lunch and we came across steak n shake. when we arrived the place was packed so we waited in line outside.  we waited for awhile before getting seated, so you can only imagine how hungry we had gotten by then.  i order the spicy chipotle burger which was yummy. not to dry and full of flavors.  pricing of a fast food joint but ambiance of the 50s :)
2	Food good, not amazing. Shake is alright, it did come way later than we expected. I would've gave 3 stars however there is not a worker in sight with a smile or personality. I will probably not return here at all.
4	Steak N Shake is the best addition to ever happen at South Point Casino and the southside of Vegas. You would think that being a restaurant inside of a casino that the food will be expensive. Not at all. You can grab a full meal with a shake for about $7-$8.Now the downside... The line outside of Steak N Shake is ridiculous. On a dinner night you'll be waiting in line for about 30-40 minutes. About an hour on weekends. Then once seated it takes about 20 minutes for your order to come to the table and they always bring your shake out later than your food. It's very noisy and all the tables and booths to sit at are bunch together so its hard to enjoy your meal with people in your face and overhearing other peoples conversations.Overall, the place is great because of the food, the nice staff, the variety of items to choose from on the menu, and the takeout window they titled "takhomasak" lol. It just sucks that the only location is on the other side of town. Especially if you live in the Centennial/Aliante area.
2	This was the new place to try in South Point, last time we were there we didn't have time to try it. This time we made sure we tried their food. We ordered a butterfinger shake in their take out line. The shake didn't taste like it was made of ice cream. It tasted like water based soft serve. Nothing like the butterfinger shakes at Sonic's, which are creamy. It had plenty of butterfinger chunks and the whipped cream was tasty. After we returned to our room we realized we wanted to try their food too. We were a large group of 12 and the line at Steak 'n Shake was very long. We choose to order take out and eat it in our rooms. Many ordered the burgers, I had chili cheese fries. The fries are shoe string cut which are not ideal for chili fries. The chili was bland, you didn't taste the spices most chili's have. the cheese was nacho cheese and it easily over powered everything. It felt like i was having just cheese. I would like to try their burgers next time, it is usually busy so I enjoyed the had the take out option.
4	Went here twice on a recent trip to Vegas because it was so good!Before I review the food, I have to say that the service on the first visit was much better than the second though.  The first visit, we had an awesome waitress with a great personality.  Now, I don't expect everyone to be like her, but the second time, the most of the crew seemed to be inattentive and lacked customer service skills.  The second visit, we stood at the podium for a little bit, and someone approached, but never looked at us or said anything, then walked away.  The person who I assumed was the hostess arrived thereafter, didn't greet us in anyway - just grabbed menus, mumbled something incomprehensible (which I assumed was a cue to follow her), then seated us.  We waited a while before the server arrived even though there seemed to be a number of servers working, several of whom appeared to be socializing near the kitchen.  Fortunately, our server turned out to be one of only two  that seemed to be on the ball that night.  Maybe I was just let down because the first experience was so good, service-wise.Nonetheless, I thoroughly enjoyed the food both times!  And even though the service did now wow me the second time, the food did come out very quickly once we placed our order.  The first visit I had a hamburger, fries, and a turtle caramel nut shake.  The steakburger and fries (don't forget the special seasoning!) were enjoyable, but I swear that shake was the best I've had in my entire life!  I was in complete heaven.The second visit, I ordered a guacamole steak frank with fries, and a shake (I can't remember which shake I had this visit).  Thoroughly enjoyed the steak frank!I'll definitely return here during my next Vegas visit!
3	Whether this place was in a casino or not, this place serves some of the cheapest burgers in a sit down place that i can think of.The patties are really puny.  Think McDonald's kid burger patties.  I need at least a 3 patty burger to be satisfied.  The fries are very standard skinny fries. No frills.  Overall it's not a horrible burger but there are far better options to go to.The shakes are pretty good though so maybe that's what brings the masses in.I frequent this place alot b/c my coworkers enjoy it.  I won't turn it down because it's so cheap.  Value-wise and for those who frequent Southpoint, it's definitely a great bargain
2	the burger and fries was okay. the shakes  -awful. I sent back the first one (cookie dough) for lack of flavor. Then tried the peanut butter cup  -yuk, NO FLAVOR!!! I finally asked - do you use ice cream - the answr, NO, we ise a shake base. That explains the ice milk taste. No real ice cream in the darn things. A McDonalds shake has better flavor. No flavor. I didn't drink it. why waste the calories? Johnny Rocket's a much better choice.
3	What's the hype???The burgers are all right fries are okay but what gave this place my third star is that the mint shake is probably the best shake I ever had. NUff said
2	-Nasty the only thing that was good was the banana shake -heck you are better off going to smash-burger or checkers for burgers and fries-nothing special about the burgers-The person taking my order had problems hearing, listening, and counting money (I had to tell her the correct amount, because she was trying to figure out how to use the old fashion calculator-I'm sure her register was short later that night)
3	Did not live up to all the "hype". It was ok, but not Great. I'd go back, but if the line is as long as last time, I'd opt for eating elsewhere.
4	11/21/2011: I have been back a few more times since my last update. The service is still typical Steak n Shake, but the kitchen has started to understand what I mean when I ask for EXTRA Frisco sauce on the side. I will keep going back, as I am addicted to the Frisco sauce and cheap food! Where else can we get 3-4 plates of food for right around $20?
5	Burger, chili cheese fries and milkshake was terrific. Meals are a great deal and the service was great.
1	This place sucked beginning to end. Long wait at the door, ok. Solid 10 minutes before our order is taken, and, wait for it... 45 minutes for some burgers and fries. Double cheeseburger and chipotle burger were both totally overbooked and dried out. A tiny drop of chipotle sauce lurking under the lettuce was barely noticeable on the dry bun. This might have easily been the crappiest  burger I have ever eaten. Avoid the place like the plague !
5	This place is amazing in my opinion. Good  tasty quality for such a low price. It's located inside the Southpoint Casino. Can be a better bargain and more satisfying than eating at another restaurant in the casino! They have a big shake variety that are all filling. Their burgers are flavorful, especially when you add on those condiments, steak n shake seasoning, and etc. They also seem to take their customer service seriously and positively. If you're staying over night, you can even get take-out. They need more locations in Vegas. But if you're out there in the area, I do recommend Steak n Shake!
4	I've been here only once and i glad to say i'll be back! My friend and I were gambling at South Point and my friend got hungry so we decided to eat there. As we were walking there, I told her that i wasn't that hungry and I'll just order a milkshake. But as soon as we got to the take-out window i saw a special and it was for a Chili burger meal and I just couldn't pass on it! So i ordered that along with my milkshake. I surprised myself and my friend when i ate the whole burger and all of my milkshake. That night, we both said that both our burgers were actually better than In-N-Out. (We are both huge fans of In-N-Out too)
2	The only reason I'm placing 2 stars is because the food was good. The wait staff on the other hand were rude, and not very helpful.When we were being seated the hostess rolled her eyes at us right when we walked in and we had noticed she was doing her homework for school. While we were being seated we had asked if we could add an extra 2 seats and the waitress who was serving us also rolled her eyes, I'm not sure if they were having a bad day or what not but I also work in the restaurant business and never once have I rolled my eyes at my guests. The last few things I'm gonna post are they shut off the main lights on us while still eating because they said they were closed and our waitress forgot one of our guests meal.
3	Ordered the guacamole burger and fries. Nothing to get excited about. Looked like Ruby's, but was a step down (plus I don't think much of Ruby's anyways).The shakes looked good, but I didn't want to waste my calories on that.I've always seen commercials of this place and wanted to try it since there aren't any in California. I tried it and wasn't impressed.Honestly, the best thing at South Point is the .75 cent 100% beef hot dog cart in the casino!
5	Ok, as a kid I didn't get it.  It wasn't until I am older that I love their hamburgers.  You have to get a double to really enjoy the taste of the meat.  I'm so glad that they are finally moving out west.  Someone please open one up in Camarillo.
4	For those of you from the East Coast and the South you should be very aware of Steak and Shake. But for everyone else let me tell you about it. First off, Steak and Shake has the feel of a 50's diner. So right off the bat it is a fun place to go and hang out. No servers on roller skates though, darn. The menu is primarily Burgers, Dogs, Chili and Shakes. There is more, but that is what most of the menu is. The burgers are made of Sirloin Steak. The patties are about 2oz each. So they are thin and have a bit of crunch at the outer edge. The burgers are served medium well. This is a very good burger. The fries are part way between a shoestring and regular sized fry. They have a nice flavor and a good crunch because of their thickness.The shakes are hand scooped. The combinations of shake flavors is almost limitless. The thing about the shakes that I like the most is that they are twice a large as you would expect them to be. They taste great and have a very creamytexture. They are also chilled nicely and hit the spot.The service is fast. They get to your table quickly. They bring the food quickly. The tables are cleared quickly. The only issue I had was that I did not see many smiles on the workers faces. A few, but most did not. You can make the assumptions you want to make about that yourself.
4	Delicious, reasonably priced, and fast service! That mainly sums up this place. I ordered the Mint N Chip shake and it was just as delicious looking as it taste. I suggest sharing with someone, because this delicious cup of ice cream shake is huge. I probably wouldn't finish this myself. Ordered the Chipotle Chicken burger, It came with bacon, pepperjack cheese, diced green peppers, and their delicious chipotle sauce. Though, I gave the bacon to my BF and took the cheese out, it was still equally yummy. The burger came with thin crispy fries as well! And at every table, or booth (where we sat) is a section with sauces and seasonings. The fries seasoning was addicting! And if you're addicted enough, they even sell it near the register!I love that theyre open late! :D super plus. -0.5 star because they gave me the Chipotle Beef burger instead of my Chicken burger, but they were quick to change it. I wanna come back to try other stuff they offer!
3	I'm originally from the east coast and south so I was happy when they brought this chain to Las Vegas.I will admit the food here is not on the healthy side so if you're looking for a diet friendly establishment, I would suggest going elsewhere. But this is not why I rated this place 3 stars. The milkshakes are awesome as I am a fan of the chocolate flavored ones and they have a huge menu of these to choose from ranging from their regular chocolate, mocha, or Hershey's dark syrup. Also, I enjoy their chili mac supreme meals with a plate of fries. One of my gripes is that when South Point expanded their casino, they seem to have a lot of wasted space that could've been used to make this restaurant space larger because this restaurant is almost always packed with a long line. However, if you are in a hurry, you can always just order takeout and possibly sit by the deli restaurant tables section or booths both near the sportsbook to eat the meal.
3	Food is great, but service is horrible. However it goes to say, "you get what you paid for."
2	My girlfriend and I had been planning a trip to Las Vegas for CES2012 for the last few months and went through the Internet to find interesting places to eat. We found the site for the South Point Casino and saw a link for the Steak n Shake. It looked interesting and we made plans to make that one of our destinations for a meal.After a long day at the Consumer Electronics Show we got to South Point which is on the Las Vegas Strip but a ways from the main casinos (Luxor, MGM, etc). It was a nice looking casino with many choices for dining. When we got to the Steak n Shake there were about three couples ahead of us waiting for tables on a very long couch near the entrance.The hostess told us we had to wait behind a rope area but there was plenty of room on the couch for us to finally sit down so I took a seat. I was very tired and a little pissed that we were told to wait behind a rope when others were allowed to sit but I also knew I was very tired and the hostess probably didn't mean it the way I heard it.Then we got to our table. The prices at this place were incredible. A single burger and fries was the same price as a double and a triple was only fifty cents more. I tried to ask the hostess and our waiter if there were size difference in the burgers (other than patty count) and no one would answer me.The waiter dropped out silverware on the table, blew off my question and went to another table. Then went he came back I asked my menu questions and he was very rude in his answers. I kept thinking that because I was so wiped out that maybe I was being too sensitive about his service but it never got better.When he brought our food I asked for steak sauce but he ignored me and went to another table without acknowledging our drink situation or if we needed anything else. I asked my girlfriend if it was just me or was this guy horrible?I finally got his attention and told him I would appreciate a little better service, especially if he expected a tip. He brought my steak sauce and then we never saw him again. Not on the floor, not behind the counter, he was gone. Break time? I guess we didn't need refills on our drinks.When I went up to pay the check the cashier asked if everything was ok and I told her our waiter was a jerk. She said his name was Alex and indicated she had received other complaints. So I felt better that it wasn't just me that was imagining bad service.Over all I liked the food and atmosphere of the place. It was very busy and the prices were more that reasonable. In fact I would say the prices were too low for what we got. I would have paid double anywhere else. Would I return for a second visit? Yes as long as Alex was no where to be seen. The guy does not belong any where around people. I hope management for the South Point Casino and the Steak n Shake see this review and moves Alex to housekeeping for the hotel.This place would have gotten four stars without Alex.
4	Cute little place inside Southpoint. Justin and I just had to try it after seeing how huge the shakes were.ShakesMe: The side by side Chocolate and Banana shake. Compare to Ruby's it was just Ok. The banana part of it tasted a little artificial but when combined it was tasty.Justin: The Turtle Caramel Nut. GOOD! Cant go wrong with chocolate, caramel, nuts in a vanilla shake.Fries are super thin and are only good when they're fresh. I would say they're a step down from Lucille's shoestring fries.BurgersMe: The frisco shooters with the frisco sauce on the side. Perfect amount for me and uncomfortably full (but I like that uncomfortable full feeling). Frisco sauce is kind of like a cross between a thousand island and a mixture of ketchup/mayo. Yummy for dipping with the friesJustin: THe original Double and Cheese. He definitely needed the double patty. Even could of used a third if you really want the meaty flavor.Chili:5-way. Ive seen a 5-way on food network and wanted to try it. It was good. exactly what I expected from eating spaghetti with chili cheese bean and onion. BUT add some Frisco Sauce and your set! It takes it up a whole other level. To add ANOTHER level: Take it home, put it on the stove to warm up and it up to crisp it up! yum.Overall, It was a good meal. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here unless it was for HALF PRICE HAPPY HOUR from 2-4 am &pm. Half off shakes and drink.
5	2 words: WISCONSIN BUTTERY. I freaking love this place. The burgers are cheap and amazing. The shakes are awesome too. I normally get cookie dough, they have both kids size and regular. I always get a kids size shake because the regular size is huge. Everytime I come in, I never even look at the menu. The buttery is by far, hands down, the best burger ever. It's buttery! How can you go wrong with that?!?!
3	One of my father's favorite places to take me. It is alright. I hate waiting in line though for this place. That is one of my only complaints. The service is good and their milkshakes are tasty. The burgers are alright, but not my favorite. They aren't big, juicy, sloppy, totally messy burgers and that is what I love. They get the job done though. I enjoy the mushroom one when I am there. I tried their chili cheese hot dog and wasn't impressed. Stick to the burger and milkshakes.I'd much rather make the trip over to 5 guys though and pay a few extra dollars to get my iron fill.They also have a togo window off to the side if you call ahead or you can even order there. I'll take some of their milkshakes to go. mmm
3	this place is mediocre. service was ok and atmosphere was not just there. maybe i went on an off time. the burger prices were a bit more than i have expected. on that note, the burgers tasted great, its a bit small but very good. fries come with the burgers which is always a plus on my side, i love fries. the prices for the shakes are comparable to the burgers. the shakes are a really good size. the burger size is comparable to a big mac in diameter. the heights is about the same as well. just take the middle bun out of it. the fries..... i think they ran out of fries. it was like they sprinkled some fries on the side  to cover up some white space. bummer for me. the shakes came out real fast though, the cups they use are not pre-refrigerated so the drink tends to melt fairly quick. the meal as a whole was good, it filled me up. was my first time here so i had to figure out where to go pay for the meal. which is at the counter. the cash lady not very pleasant, actually discouraged me from tipping in general. this place is like a self serve eatery. all they do is seat you, take your order, bring it out, done. its been about 6 months since i've eaten here so hopefully it got better. still, this place has not crossed my mind once to go eat until now going through yelp.
4	We came here during our stay at South Point and found it very interesting.  Located inside the South Point Hotel and Casino, it had the oldies diner feel to it.  It was kind of bright in a sense, but very nice looking.  The staff were nice and friendly and seated us very quickly.  It was kind of interesting that you can mix match the milkshake into one cup.  So I tried the Chocolate Strawberry milkshake.  It was kind of cool that they could keep the strawberry on one side, and the chocolate next to it.  Mainly have to go and see it for yourself. Of course being the first time here, I wasn't really sure what to try, but the basic single burger.  Which was really good and decent.  Made me think of trying more the next time I stop by.  Overall, its a unique place to check out.  If you're a milkshake lover, then you should check out their milkshakes.  Their burgers are decent, and maybe want to experiment with what they have out there.  Sure enough I probably will, the next time I have a chance.
2	The food was OK. I think smashburger is alot better.
4	My first experience with Steak 'N Shake was when I visited Orlando, FL in 2004. Looked for them all over California but they have yet to expand that far. Imagine my surprise as I pull into Las Vegas and see a sign that there is one right in South Point! Couldn't wait to check in and head over there. It seemed to be very popular as I had to wait in line for 10 minutes, and the line was just as long when I finished my meal. And the remainder of the week too. The mushroom burger was awesome, and I loved the Side by Side milkshake! Banana on one side of the glass and Strawberry on the other!  One thing that I liked is that was a little different than your regular burger joint is that you can choose a salad as your side instead of the standard fries and the burger is not made with ground beef but a thin steak with no meat fillers. So all the burgers had double patties but were not too much to eat. Seeing the double patty scared a few folks. I could hear them asking "can I have just one patty?" It must happen a lot because the waitresses had the answer to satisfy them.Can't wait until they hit the Bay Area!
2	I went with a friend on a Friday night.  The line was extremely long so we decided to order take out.  After a 20 min wait we ordered.  We had 2 burgers and 2 shakes.  The food was ready in about 5 mins but we waited another 25 mins for the shakes.  It was not a pleasant experience.  I wouldn't go back again.  The food was just ok and the service was horrible.
4	I had the spicy chipotle steakburger with a butterfinger shake. The burger was delicious and the milkshake was excellent as well, more on the milkier side than the creamier side. I liked that it was very reasonably priced for vegas and filled me up without being too much food or too greasy
4	I really like, not love, this place. I've gone twice, long wait both times, but not horribly long. First time just me and the husband. I got chilli cheese fries, won't make that mistake again. They were pretty crappy. But the mushroom burger was tasty. We had went after a movie, where we had some popcorn and that junk so there wasn't room for a shake. This last time we took the kids and they really enjoyed it also. They got little paper cars to put together with stickers that were cute. On to the food: I got the mushroom burger again cause it was just so good the first time, as did my husband. It did not disappoint. Don't get me wrong their not gourmet burgers by far, but their good. Servings aren't huge, but the prices aren't either. Nice selection of shakes we got the cookies and cream and butterfinger. I'd take the fam back for sure. It wasnt that much more then say Mc Donalds but a far better experience
1	I went here for the first time yesterday. My husband ate here all the time in Illinois and kept saying how wonderful it was so I was excited to try it. The waiter took our order and then we never saw him again. Another waiter brought our drinks but did not bring my kids shakes. Several minutes later the shakes came and I must say these were the worst vanilla shakes I've ever tasted. Something was wrong! Then I notice my glass is not only dirty, but sticky. At this point I'm trying to find our waiter but he never comes near us. So we finally get another guy's attention and when I explain the nasty shakes and dirty glass to him he asks, " do you want to change them?"  Duh!! Of course we do. He brings me a new soda in a clean glass and says the shakes are coming. Then the food comes. The fries tasted like they had been under a warmer forever and my sandwich was wrong. I didn't special order it, they just forgot how to make it I guess. Still no shakes. Someone tells me they are working on it. We talk to the manager who tells me they only have one person who can make shakes....seriously?! She tells me there will be no charge so I told her to forget the shakes and left.  Horrible experience. I will never go back!!
4	I was eager to sample the offerings of South Point's newest culinary addition, Steak 'n Shake, but until very recently was deterred by reports of huge lines just to get inside the restaurant.  On this night we were lucky, and only had to wait about 10 minutes before we were admitted to the inner sanctum.  The place was bright and lively, and packed with happy people.  Servers were scrambling quickly about delivering steakburgers and tantalizing-looking milk shakes to the eager awaiting diners seated at white-topped tables and booths.  Huge photographs of food preparers clad in white 50s-style uniforms with cocked military-style caps adorned the back wall, looking not much different from their present-day counterparts.Diane and I were both quite hungry after a long drive from California; we hadn't eaten for several hours; and of course I had to order mightily to round out a good review of various kinds of fast food fare.  So, we showed little restraint.I noted that canned chili was sold on premises.  And, I logically reasoned that any restaurant that cans and sells its chili out the door must make a memorable species of the hot stuff.  And, I am a sucker for good homemade chili--with beans or not.  So, I opened with a side of Genuine Chili with onions but no cheese.  As luck would have it, this chili came with beans, which is the way I prefer.  It was quite good, with a lot of liquid goodness, and a noticeable but not extreme backbite to tickle the throat on the way down.  As a testament to the quality of this chili, I ate all that was set before me, and took a can home that I enjoyed as part of my lunch the very next day.Next up was a Chicago-style Frank & Fries.  The dog contained a slightly split all-beef wiener, classic emerald green relish, chopped white onions, two sport peppers, and a slice of ripe tomato on a slightly toasted bun.  After downing one complete sport pepper, it seemed like my stomach had turned into a hearth with a log fully ablaze inside it.  So, I elected to bypass the second pepper.  The hot dog was very, very good.  But I would have preferred an untoasted soft bun, and some juiciness had probably escaped where the meat had been sliced.  But the dog was still juicy.  Fries were shoestring style, slightly crispy, and tasty enough.  And, although I couldn't get my Original Double Steakburger with Cheese & Fries (I told you I lacked restraint in ordering on this night!) made even close to medium-rare, it was still fairly juicy and tasty with two hamburger patties, crunchy circling strands of white onion, a tomato slice, a couple of pickles, a slice of orange cheese, fresh lettuce, and tomato ketchup added.But the real highlights of this particular meal hands down were the two majestic milk shakes.  We each had a hand-dipped "specialty shake"--which means the most expensive variety served.  Diane selected Double Chocolate Fudge, which was really chocolatey and naturally enhanced by hot fudge; and I chose Butter Pecan.  As luscious as that shake was, it had a surprise in store for me that made it probably the best milk shake I have ever had the pleasure of savoring.  For, it was dotted with small bits of pecan.  But these tiny pecan pieces were unlike any I had tasted before.  They were more like pecan seeds that when bit into simply burst with the flavor of pecan.  When at last I got through the cherries, whipped cream, and tall milk shake itself, about 100 of these morsels lay at the bottom of my milk shake glass.  And, I just scooped them up repeatedly with the long spoon provided, and crunched them on the roof of my mouth in spoonfuls, letting the bursts of intense pecan flavor lazily wash down my throat, until at last all were gone.  A heavenly end to a fine fast food meal!
5	Seriously the yummiest cheapest burgers in Vegas. I got a double cheeseburger and fries for $4! The service was quite good, we only had one server that got a little grumpy but it was like 11 at night so... They should open early for breakfast, they are the only Steak & Shake that don't. I never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a table even with all the NASCAR fans and even when we had 8 people with us. I highly recommend!
5	Eat here!!!  Absolutely delicious..  I heard it gets packed on the weekends.  It a diamond in the rough.  Inexpensive if u are on a budget.  I purchased 3 burger plates and three shakes for only $26.  Cant believe it!!!  It reminds how the 50s was.  When times was simply!!!!
5	Gotta love Friday nights at the Southpoint. I was enjoying the cheap $2 drinks with some girlfriends when we decided to hit this place up..2 of my friends had never eaten here before so it was a treat for them.For some insane reason we all ordered shakes with our burgers...not a great idea after many dirty Grey Goose martinis..LOLThey were yummy tho as were the burgers and fries..My friends cant wait to come back again.
4	So I like the steak and shakes in Florida, and now that I'm in California this location at Southpoint is the nearest one to me. Each time I've been here, I always get the double steak burger, fries, and a shake. The prices are fairly cheap and you can get a triple steak burger and crispy skinny fries for $3.99!Best time to eat it is when your food is still hot, and whether you order it to go or eat there, don't forget your big thick shake! If you can't decide on one flavor for your shake, they can do two flavors poured side by side!
2	There's a few things going for this place.  Nice bright decor, a bar area to eat for about 4-6 people and a separate area/line for to-go orders only.  The place has a pretty long line waiting to get in just before opening and stays that way most of the night.  If you come for the milkshakes, there's a weekday happy hour from 2-4 PM where they are half off!The bad: I liked their oreo milkshake but then I ordered a banana milkshake and was totally powder based.  I mean, come on, this place has the word "shake" in it.  You could at least use real fruit in your banana shake.  I can't believe I didn't complain or get it replaced.  The burgers are advertised to be steak patties.  What they should mention is that they are just flattened are a bit on the dry side.  I ordered mine with just veggies and some Frisco sauce expecting the meat to be juicy, but it was far from it.  Don't come expecting a great burger.  I'd prefer In-n-Out..or if you're from San Diego Hodad's or Rocky's would easily beat this burger in a cook-off.  The shakes were hit and miss...ask if they use real fruit, if not, stick to the other flavored or specialty shakes.  I guess the best things about this place are the atmosphere and low prices.
4	MMM cheap eats in Vegas, gotta love it! Thank you South Point for bringing this franchise to Vegas! If you like In & Out, you'll enjoy Steak & Shake with their expansive menu of burgers/dogs, sandwiches, chili/salads and milkshakes under $6. The burgers are good and um cheap! I was still hungry after I finished the Royale that I thought I should have ordered something else. That is until I forgot I had a mint chocolate chip milkshake. Once I finished that puppy, I hit the wall. I was done!So looking for cheap eats and good milkshakes, check this place out. Just keep in mind, that the waiting line can get long but the price alone is worth the wait. Steak N Shake it out!
1	This location always has a ridiculously long line out the door.  You'd think they were going into a niteclub.  We had some comp dollars to burn and for some reason both Baja Miguel's and Primarily Prime Rib had 45 minute waits to be seated.  Hell, even the Coronado diner and their terrible buffet had a wait.  SOOOOOOO..welcome to "plan E".  We opted for the takeout line and to eat at one of the booths by the sportsbook.  Still had to wait about 20 minutes for our order.  The shakes the servers kept walking by us with looked freakin awesome but I didn't feel like drinking 800 calories and 70g of fat.  "Save it for the burger" I told myself. Finally sit down ready to eat and were pretty disappointed at what dinner looked like.  It didn't get any better after the first bite.  The patties were thin and dry and the fries had no seasoning on them.  What a total waste of calories and fat.  Whoppers taste a million times better than this.    What the hell am I missing??  Why would anyone spend an hour in line for this crap let alone 20 minutes?  Where is the STEAK in Steak n' Shake?  I'd rather eat frozen chicken nuggets.
5	One of the best burger places. The food is good and the prices are very reasonable. When I go back to Vegas I will make sure to stop by again.
2	I heard there's usually a long line to get in here, but since we came so late, we were seated in only about five minutes.  I guess this place is popular in other states as I had never heard of it.  My friend said it reminded him of back home when he used to eat there, so we went.  Food is cheap!  Then again, it is fast food.  Shakes are large and filling.  Food itself was not so great.  I got a chopped steak sandwich while he got spaghetti with chili and onions.  Weird combo.  Now that I've eaten here once, I don't think I need to come back.  Most of the people here were also way overweight so I know this stuff can't be good for you.
3	A 3 1/2 stars to be more precise.Be prepared...be very prepared...for a friggin' long line!  Especially on weekends!  Line seems to always be out the door and the tables crammed with diners.  It's like being in like for Black Friday!  Thank goodness it's in the middle of the South Point casino close to the sports book instead in the freezing desert!  It does get kind of ridiculous.We were in line for a good 45 minutes before being seated.The inside is cool, very reminiscent of old 70's diners with the nostalgia feel.  Like the red, white and chrome all around...almost like a classic tricked out lil' GTO!  But enough about the ambiance, let's get to the food!Honestly, I've had a better burger.  I was kinda expecting to be WOW!  But it was more of a, uh...wow.  Got my balloon a little deflated there.  The shakes are fatty good, and the burgers are A-OK but overall I was just...OK.  This is what I wasted all my time and gas for?  An OK burger.  Not disappointed, but not 'I gotta eat here every week' either.  For what it was it was pretty good.  Decent food for decent prices.  With the line outside always there you would figure this place gave out free kisses from pre-Seal Heidi Klum (yes, for arguments sake she was way hotter back then).The menu was good and the prices were very reasonable, especially the 4 meals under $4 each that caught my eye.  This is what I stuck with since it was our first time there.  Your 4 choices were:  a bacon cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, a triple burger (no cheese), and chicken fingers.  Each meal was served with thin-cut fries.  The fries were awesome (ask for em' cooked well) with lots of ketchup.  My double cheeseburger?  Meh, it was ok.  I mean, seriously...WHERE'S THE BEEF?  My lack of 'steak' made my head 'shake'.  No quarter pounder here?  I loved the charred edges but damn, no juicy beef in the middle?  So of course, my burger ended up a little on the dry side.  There was no re-creation of a Carl's Jr. sloppy burger commercial with Kate Upton in little clothing.  It left me a bit disappointed.The shakes are great though (but cost almost as much as a burger).  The cookies and cream one was a fav of mine.  But not for my hips, my glorious hips!  They are definitely on the full flavor side...the shakes, not my hips.The service was good but very rushed, you get the feeling like they want you to order, enjoy your meal quickly, then pay and leave for the next folks in the gargantuan line.  I would come here again, but only if I was already on that side of town and it was late night.
2	I am from Missouri, the land of Steak 'N Shake.  I was excited when they announced plans to open a restaurant in Vegas... I thought it would be a taste of home.  However, this is NO real Steak 'N Shake.  The food and service is very inconsistent.  I keep coming back and hoping it will be better, but sadly, it isn't.  Cold burgers and fries, watery shakes, rude waitresses...
3	I got the BBQ burger and it was good for the price. Nothing special. I wouldn't wait in a long line for it though. Love the crispy skinny fries but the ranch sucked. Lots of shakes to choose from.This is also not a place to just sit, hang out & talk . When you see the line you kinda feel obligated to leave.
5	This gets five-stars because I'm rating it against the same kind of eating establishments, not against Michelin star restaurants.  Let me explain:I miss Steak 'n Shake.  I used to eat there in Atlanta and in Louisville.  I love their little burgers and those awesome shoestring fries!In reading some of the reviews here, I was wary, but I had to go . . . when would I get my next chance???  Yes, the line can be long (but, in my mind, that's usually a GOOD sign - they can only do what they can do with the space they have and the speed of the diners).  I avoided this by going just before noon.  My server was excellent - she immediately came over and got my drink order and then returned with my coke and took my food order.  Food came hot off the grill/fryer and in a very short time.  The server was attentive, friendly, smiling and just perfect (the rest of the folks at South Point Hotel and Casino could learn from her).  The food was just as I remember it from years past - and, I had a wonderful time reminiscing about those past experiences and the friends I shared them with . . .I'd go back!  Really good experience!
4	Pretty much have loved this place since the first time I visited. The food is great and the prices are decent! The service we received on the trip we made today was excellent! Our server was on the ball and very attentive, he even made sure to bring us refills on drinks without us asking :) Our food came out quickly with no hiccups and  everything was hot and delicious! I also love the fact that they have more than just the kiddie menu and crayons for the kids to stay occupied while waiting for our food, my girls were happy and content the entire time! This place is clean and the service rocks, food is awesome and it's definitely worth the trip! We'll be visiting Steak n Shake time and time again! This place can get busy so beware of a possible wait especially on weekends and peak dining hours.
4	Went here with my family after going to the St. Genaro festival and not eating there. Boy am I glad I didn't because the burgers are delicious. My brother had the the chocolate shake and he said it was the bomb! Will definitely be back.
4	I somewhat liked this place. It had every kind of milkshake ever which was cool because as you all know, I have a massive sweet tooth! Any they also had HUGE Oreo Ice Cream Sandwiches! So you I definitely ordered that bad boy!Anyways, the shakes were good, the ice cream was good, the fries were okay but they were wayyy too small and dinky! I love me some french fries but definitely not from here. The burgers were okay. They were kind of small but they were juicy but not the juicy where it starts dripping everywhere.I am definitely a fan of this place, but not with the small burgers and tiny ass french fries!
3	Went here expecting some good stuff after reading the reviews and hearing about Steak N Shake...Located at South Point Casino. Expected a long line and that's what I got. Even on a Sunday night. So, I decided to just get the food to go, which was still a long line. Prob a 10 min wait to go place an order then prob another 5-7min to get the food. I ordered the original double cheesburger, fries, and mint cookies n cream shake. The burger was good but nothing special. And small. I should've ordered a triple AT LEAST. fries were super skinny and just ok. the best part of the meal was the mint shake. had i known what the burger and fries were like i wouldve just gotten the shake and got food somewhere else. the shake was super good and filling. good stuff. quality and price do not match up at all, thats why i knocked off stars. i payed $10.50 for a double cheeseburger, fries, and a shake. my meal was def was not worth that much. overpriced for the size/amount of food you actually get. it prob to me shouldve just been worth $7 total. the burger was tiny and fries to match. I SAY, GO HERE FOR THE SHAKES ONLY.
3	I had to check this place out after hearing all the hype and after eating here I still don't understand why this place is so popular.Don't get me wrong the burger (which was kinda small) I had was pretty good and the chocolate shake was delicious but were the burgers and fries worth me standing in a long ass line for 20 minutes?.. I would say hell no!Honestly, I think In N Out and Fatburger are way better than this place and  better yet you don't have to sit in a long ass line for 20 minutes to get your food. If you're gonna stand in line for a burger for 20 minutes that bad boy has got to be the best tasting burger outside of kobe burger which this definitely wasn't!
4	We love steak and shake, especially the Wisconsin burger, with all the butter.  MMMMmmmmmmmMM.  In fact, when we moved to Oregon, we made it our number one meal to come back to enjoy.  However...While the food is yummy, and so not good for you, which makes it even better-- I have never been there when the service was good.  In fact, I left zero tip last time, which as a person who spent 25 years in Vegas, is unheard of!  The shakes never come until after you have had your meal for some time.  This leaves you nothing to drink as you start to eat.  The shakes should be easy and quick, they require no cooking!Then, the waitress leaves you --but never comes back.  On top of that, she won't take your credit card, you have to go STAND IN LINE--because really, that is what we all love to do at a restaurant, right?So if they could improve service, this would be a five star.  I wish there was one in Oregon :(
4	This place is awesome!! It's even better when you don't have to pay for the food!! Ordered the Royale steak burger with chili n cheese fries and my mom had the guacamole steak burger with chili n cheese fries. For dessert mint Oreo cookies n cream shake. Service was bad, but I think it's because a lot of people came in at the same time, but that is no excuse for taking 20 minutes to serve us our drinks. In fact, the burgers came out before our drinks!!! On to my Royale. When I took the lid off, it looked like a crippled piece of midget bacon gave birth to another crippled piece of midget bacon. I don't mean to offend crippled or little people, but it's just looked like someone broke off 2 pieces of bacon from a normal strip of bacon n put it in my burger. Naturally I complained (I love bacon) and the server brought me a heaping helping of bacon on the side. That more than made up for it. My moms guacamole steak burger miraculously turned into a guacamole double bacon steak burger. Hahaha. My mom said her burger was good. I thought my burger was good, but I could tell it was sitting there for a while. The egg n patties in my burger was cold. But it still tasted delicious. Probably because it's the first meal I had all day and I just got done working out. The chili cheese fries were ok. The chili isn't that great but I love the melted cheese sauce. On to dessert. As I am writing this review, I am consuming my delicious mint Oreo shake. Good ending to my meal. If the meal was not comped and I had to pay for it, I'd probably give 3 stars. All in all, filling n tasty. Yay my first review is done!!!!
2	It's not one of my fave haunts. I heard about their shake from a friend. I thought it was just OK. I prefer McDonald's or In & Out's Milkshakes.
4	Good place to go when you feel like a burger and shake. Its part of the South Point casino, so you may have to walk through cigerette smoke to get to the door. There is often a wait to get a table. Not a lot of variety on the menu, except for those core items, which is enough. Milk shakes don't come in a seconday tin. For some reason I kind of expected they would. So don't expect to split it.  Overall though, Steak 'n Shake can make for a nice afternoon or evening with a burger, fries, shake and a movie at South Point.
5	This place is good i love the the shakes
3	My friends rave about this place, especially those from Chicago.  I decided to check it out, but I have to say that this place was only decent.  I honestly felt the place was like an East Coast version of In-n-Out, and I'm not a fan of the West Coast chain either.  Although the burgers were fresh and the patties were crispy, they lacked the overall quality that I find in places such as Bachi.My favorite was the milkshake that I got.  It was very thick and fattening.  Nothing better in a shake!The service was friendly without being intrusive.  Like I said, the place is decent.  The quality of food and service is good, but not great.
4	When I first moved to Vegas, I was extremely upset there wasn't a steak n shake here... Steak n Shake was my all time favorite dining back home in Michigan. One day, while I was driving, I saw a billboard that said  steak n shake was opening soon at south point location... FINALLY!!! boy that got me excited!! I finally went there and the dining area was FULL and the lines were soooo long, but I didn't care! I was so determined to get my strawberry shake and chicken tenders!!! My husband wanted to eat somewhere else, but I made him stay with me :) and we ordered take out instead of waiting in the extremely ginormous line to dine in... then we drove up to the top of the parking garage, and ate on the rooftop while taking in the awesome views thanks to my hubby's genius idea... I guess he's good for something :)
2	Ehh...not bad, but I've had better. The cheeseburger was good. The fries were flavorless. The strawberry shake wasnt anything special. If in the hotel again and everyone else wanted to eat here i wouldnt be opposed to it, but it wouldnt be my first choice, or my second.
2	Ok, let me just say the milk shake I ordered was great even though it was half melted from sitting so long.I really want to give these guys a good rating, but with the experience I had, I am sorry to say I am not able to do that.The place was a little busy, but not bad so there was no excuse for the service I had.  We sat down and waited for 16 minutes before we saw any sign of a waitress in our section.  She came over and asked to take our order, she asked me what I wanted and I replied asking for a special dark chocolate shake (it looked like she was writing it down) then turned to my husband and asked him what he wanted and he ordered the mint oreo cookie shake, then much to my disbelief she turns to me and asks me again, "What would you like?".  I thought to myself, Really?  My husband looked at me and we were both in disbelief.  I replied to her, ah you mean in addition to what I already ordered, her reply, no what do you want, so I went through it again, but much slower (Special Dark Chocolate shake and water).  Off she went.  We waited another 10 minutes and no water, so I asked again, 5 minutes later out she came with no water or shakes.  I went to the counter and complained to the manager and asked for my water.  I went to sit down and 8 minutes later our shakes come and this waitress gives us our shakes while telling us we won't be receiving a bill because I complained to her manager, then threw the straws, turned around and walked off.I was surprised the manager comped the shakes which was very nice, but the attitude of that waitress and her dismal performance has got to go.  Cat, I think it is short for Cathy needs to find another line of work.I would not go back to this place, due to the treatment from the waitress.  She was awful and rude.
5	I don't think you can ever leave Steak n Shake feeling hungry or as if you were ripped off. The portions are extremely generous, especially when you consider the prices. What was a real treat is how good all of the options are. Just because it's affordable, doesn't mean it's good. You won't be let down.I've been here about 4 times (we make it a point to stop in while in Vegas). I've always had something different, and havent been let down.
5	Steak burgers are amazing. The steak is perfectly seasoned. Patties are flavorful. Burger combo is $6. Shakes are great
3	Crazy long wait for a Midwestern staple. I'm glad we found some yummy comfort food on our way out of Vegas but the wait s so long I don't think I'd go back to this location. Steak n shake is a burgers, fries and shake joint and is retro goodness. They have every burger you can dream up and some delicious side by side shakes. If you aren't into burgers the chili 5 way is the way to go.
4	Stars for the food, always.  I'd rather go to the Midwest or the South and experience the sit down or drive-thru--no contest. Service = meh.  We HAD to get take out, since they have limited seating, and about 15 people were in line at 2 p.m.    Food = delicious, the same as usual.  I'm from the Midwest so I know what it's about--good ol' fashioned burgers, crisp fries, and thick milkshakes.   Deal: Happy hour--1/2 priced shakes and beverages from 2 to 4 p.m.  Prices = cheap.  Note: This is inside of SOUTH POINT.  So don't be like us and drive around wondering WTF was wrong with the GPS. lol  (Strangest location ever.)
2	5 Guys and In N Out have nothing to worry about with these guys. My food was cold and those skinny fries, almost as skinny as the can of fries in the grocery store. I had to eat here since the lines were so long. Boy what a disapointment. Must be one of those home town things. The price was right but the burger was bland and needed more seasoning. We have charbroiled burgers all over the L.A. county that taste better and now that 5 Guys is out here to compete we have so many choices in burgerland.
5	There is only one thing better than a burger. A cheap burger that actually tastes good. The shakes are great too. This place won't break the bank and it's worth having to actually enter a casino to eat here. All the shakes are great and so are the burgers. This place can't be beat for value.
4	Not a gourmet restaurant but good food and great prices. I nearly always stop here when I'm going to and from Los Angeles; it's a reminder of food back home where this is a major chain. At the Vegas location quality can be hit or miss; but when they have the right cooks it's amazing.
4	We hit this place at HAPPY HOUR which meant the shakes were 50% off.  I got fatter just reading that.  Much like a Sonic, their drinks/shakes are amazing.  Unlike a Sonic, their food is actually very good.  I took a bunch of folks from St. Louis there and they were happy as could be.  I was trying to push In N Out on them, and they agreed to go provided I tried their go to burger joint.  It was very good.  The burger definitely has a different taste to it somewhere between a burger and Salisbury steak.  If you hava ha hankerin for some SnS and you're in Vegas, shlep on down to the South Point.  It's pretty much the only reason to go there ever.
3	I give one star for my waitress- pretty attentive and smiled.  2 stars for meat on the double double.  Pretty small portions, just perfect amount for me.  Don't feel as bloated after a double double from here compared to In and Out.  It's definitely a good meal after a night of drinking.  Atmosphere is better than traditional fast food.  Cheap dining for a decent burger!
5	If your on a budget and want yummy burgers! I recommend steak & shake. The burgers are cheap but delicious and the shakes are just amazing! the only thing is sometimes theres a wait!
3	Went here when it first open on the weekday, so no line. This is  a good place to try at least once to try a Wisconsin Buttery Steakburger which is something different. Nice fries. Had the milkshake with meal. Afterwards I could feel the oily butter feeling in my stomach. So if you are used to eating rich foods like butter and fried stuff, then you should be okay with this place. But they do have lot of other variety of food items you can order such as chicken and turkey sandwiches and salads. The restaurant has nice 1950s atmosphere to it and attentive service. IN and Out is still the better burger joint for fast food.
2	I now know why this place always has a long line out the door. The food is cheap, there really aren't any cheaper options inside the Southpoint unless your willing to get a cart hot dog.We heard the shakes are good, but skipped the sweets. The burgers are way over rated. The burgers are thin and dry on a toasted bun. Reminded me of burgers ( that I hated) that we used to get at a drive in restaurant in Pennsylvania when I was a little girl. The fries were crispy but bland, thankfully they provide fry seasoning at each table that redeemed them.The hostess and waiter were friendly enough but they mumbled and spoke quickly making it difficult to understand them most of the time.We finally got the hype of this place out of our systems. Happy we only spent about $15 on our 2 burger and fry orders. We may go back to try a shake, but nothing else.
2	i heard a lot of people tell me that this was the place to go for a burger...i got a good first impression because there was a line about 15 people deep in front of me and my family so i thought it must be true...didnt wait long to sit and i could tell the server was busy but i didnt mind...each ordered something different. i went for the bacon cheeseburger. was good but great. had better. the problem was with the service..we didnt get our shakes until my last bite left of my burger..and it wasnt anything that i havent had at my house making myself. only time i saw my server after he took the order was when i had to flag him down to ask about our shakes. now i wasnt expecting great service or anything but i at least expected getting what i ordered before i was done. dont think i will go back.
4	Located inside the South Point Casino.  There was a line the last 3 times I've been here.  Must be the weekend, but the line doesn't take long at all.  Prior to my first visit at a Steak 'n Shake, all I heard from everyone was that this place had the best burgers and it's cheap.  I have to admit, it is cheap.  But not the best burgers.  Don't get me wrong, the burgers were pretty good. Taste is similar to Johnny Rockets.  Since my belly was happy at the end, I have to give this place at least 4 stars.  Now for the highlight of this place...the shakes.  I don't normally order shakes after digesting over 1500 calories in one sitting, but was also told that I had to try the shakes.  Shakes are one of the best.  If you choose to eat here, look around.  I bet almost everyone is having a shake.  Word gets around.  I will be back...but only for the shakes.
5	Honestly I cleared my plate and also so did my gf.  The burgers are extremely yummy and I love the pickles they use not to mention how fresh the lettuce is.  They have the best condiments such as the pepper sauce and special fry seasoning.  The shakes are so good and I left with a smile on my face.  Amazing service as well.
3	We tried Steak 'n Shake a couple weeks after they opened up last year. We loved the food and couldn't wait to go back but the drive from our area of town (NW) is brutal. Since our first visit, we've been there a handful of times and the trip out there seems to be less worth it each time. Maybe I'm crazy but it seems like the burgers get thinner and smaller every time we go. I tried the Jalapeno Crunch burger during a recent visit  a few weeks ago and I was extremely disappointed. The meat was dry, the bun was dry and the toppings just didn't meet the flavor they portray on the menu. My wife got her usual which is the Wisconsin Buttery burger and even she questioned that visit. Maybe it was just a bad night? If that's the case, they are having a run of bad nights when we visit. We ate at Steak 'n Shake again last evening with some family and it was just disappointment again. The food comes out dry, the fries are flavorless without the seasoning and their service is terrible. Our waitress confused some of our items with the table beside us, brought some of the wrong items and was just overall slow and rude. I don't know about others but I hate having to waive down a waitress for a drink refill on a cup that's been empty for the duration of my meal. If you see that your tables cups are empty or very close to empty when you bring out the food, you should automatically be working on refills or at minimum, asking if the customer would like a refill.In my opinion, Steak 'n Shake only deserves 3 stars for these two reasons...the chili and the price. Their chili is amazing! It's meaty, flavorful and they always bring it out nice and hot, piled with cheese and onions (if you like it that way). Every time we visit, we grab a few cans to take home. If you ask me, it's some of, if not the best chili in town. And their prices are great! You can easily walk out of their for under $25 with 3 people. We will definitely go back but they need to work on quality control and customer service.
2	I'm currently not allowed to eat fries -- i know, it's a sad sad world I live in. But I decided to throw that rule out the window one day and make a trip to Southpoint to grab some Steak 'n Shake.. hehe woops. Woops indeed. It wasn't like I remembered it. Yea they were shoestring fries... the kind I absolutely adore, but it just wasn't cutting it. They were so incredibly thin and a little on the hard side that I couldn't even get close to be satisfied at this indulgement. So I ordered a milkshake to go with it (yea I'm the worst dieter in the world...). I went with the mint chocolate cookies & cream. Again unsatisfied. It tasted like it came from the bottom of the machine..you know, that nasty metal taste? Yea... blegh.One thing that made me not absolutely hate this place was the sliders with the Frisco sauce. If you're deciding which sauce topping to go with your burgers, nothing beats the Frisco sauce. Burger itself was mediocre.. it's the sauce that makes it more enjoyable. This place just isn't worth all the calories.. I'm still glad I fed my craving though. I know now that I won't be craving it for a very long time, and they have an awesome burger/steak seasoning I got to take home. If you collect seasonings like me, that's something you need in your collection!
4	Great quality steak burgers.  Love there thin cut crispy fries.  Cheap prices.  Have not tried there shakes yet, but next time for sure.
4	great value if you want a simple all american hamburger at a throw back diner.  Cheaper or same price as a fast food chain but made to order and much much tastier!!!! Good Burgers, good Fries and good Milkshakes at a very reasonable price. Good Kids meal options at a great price.
3	I talk to a lot of people that LOVE Steak n' Shake. I think the people that Rave about the place do so because they grew up loving Steak and Shake and since this is the only one within hundreds of miles they jones for it. The food is decent to fairly good. Nothing special at all. In-N-Out dominates this place as far as food goes. The look of the place is nice. The lines used to be insane but are mostly under control now.  I come here far more often to get a shake. they have a lot of shakes to choose from and they are the stars of Steak n' Shake to me. It is a nice option for a quick bite since South Point doesn't really have a food court.  I just think it's OK and prefer to take care of my sweet tooth and grab a shake rather than the food.
4	I thought this place was going to be overrated with all the rave ppl gave it when it first came to town. I was expecting to be disappointed but I was surprised. We ordered a few different burgers all with double patties which are a must because they're pretty thin, similar to in&out patties. Good flavor, bun was good, they have soo many toppings to choose from. The fries don't cone salted so u have to season it yourself. Now the milkshakes are the best I've had, super thick & yummy. Also prices are pretty fair for the food u get. Can't comment on the service since we got take out which was pretty fast.
5	Delicious hamburgers
4	In a genius move, the Steakburger folks have taken to cooking the burger until it's crispy! Then add some pickle and mustard, and that's a simple, cheap, tasty burger.The fries were nothing to write home about, but did I mention ultra-cooked meat?
3	Not sure what the big deal was about this place but it want too bad. the line to get in was long n felt like forever since I was starving. Anyways the waitress was very nice n had some great choice suggestions. my roomie got the western bbq burger with a chocolate strawberry shake, n I got the buttery grilled onion burger with bacon. Ermagahd..haha it was good n bad at the same time. the only thing was my plate was covered on oil n I had to eat my burger upside down since the bread was soggy. Other than that it was good comfort food. I'm just glad I didn't get the waiter who helped the other table. He didn't listen to their order at all, n almost gave a cheese burger to a lactose intolerant lady. No bueno :(
4	I was really surprised that Vegas stepped it up and put a Steak 'n Shake in the valley!  I come from Chicago, where Steak 'n Shakes are all over the place.  They no longer sell the Tuna Melt, which was what I always ordered back then.  This particular Steak 'n Shake doesn't give you the extra large Oreo cookie to go with your Oreo shake, whereas they do so everywhere else I have been to.  Located inside South Point Casino, there is almost always a line to get seated here.  We went around 11pm and  were seated right away.  Their food is excellent all the time and service is quick.
4	It's funny how places can never compare with things from "back home." I grew up in Southern Illinois with Steak 'n Shake. We didn't go a whole lot, but it was always good when we did. Every burger joint in Vegas I've been to gets compared to Steak 'n Shake. Fatburger was the closest I found, but still just not the same. Then South Point decided to bring home to me. Great food at fast food prices. Can't go without getting a double steakburger with cheese and fries (only $3.99) and a chocolate milk shake. Yum! It's always clean and the employees are friendly. Thank you for bringing part of "home" for we Midwest transplants to Las Vegas.
4	We were staying at South Point Hotel and Casino where the Steak n Shake is at. It was late... around 12:30 and we were just coming back from the NASCAR race at the track. Not a lot of places were open and I saw the Steak and Shake is open until 1am Fri and Saturdays so we rushed over there to get a table before they closed. Even though we got there about 20 min before they closed they still took us and service was great! We didn't feel rushed or anything!It reminds me a lot of Johnny Rockets... the only difference is they are much cheaper and I personally think they have better shakes! We both got burgers which came with fries, two sodas, and a shake to share. Our bill only came out to $15!!! The shake was OMG AMAZING! We decided to try one the October Seasonal shakes which was Campfire Smores. It tasted eaxctly like a Smore! Graham crackers, marshmellow, and chocolately goodness in shake form! So yummy!
4	Cheap good burgers! Long wait at south point from time to time. But the food comes out fast. It is almost as good as IN&OUT, it is very close.
3	Waited to long.food was good
1	Arrived at the SnS and for once there was no line.  However, one quickly formed after I gave our name for a table for 4.  For the next 20 minutes everyone in the newly formed line was seated  (tables for 2-8) before we were. At the cash register after dinner, I was asked how our experience was. I told them that Blanca (the person taking names and seating people) sat everyone ahead of us for 20 minutes, while my family and I waited even though we were there first.  The cashier said "oh".  So glad they don't need the business.  I have been near there twice at dinner time and have skipped them for other alternatives in the area.....and will continue to do so. Our family of four, who love SnS in other states will skip this one from now on.I would highly recommend Johnny Rockets at the Silverton, which is close to SnS and friendlier wait staff, without the line.  Also, you can catch the mermaids in the Aquarium in the hotel/Casino. I recommend Johnny Rockets over SnS to all my friends.***I do  not work for Johnny rockets or the Silverton Casino......anywhere else I love Steak and Shake.  My opinion is this  SnS doesn't need the business or care about their customers. Visit them in other States, but I would steer clear of them in Las Vegas.
5	Amazing service!! My frisco burger was super delicious.. Prices are also very reasonable!Highly recommended! Its a must
4	This place is pretty great, especially if you're on a budget!First off, I can't think of anything wrong with the service. Given that the restaurant is usually pretty full, the waitstaff does a great job. They're friendly and quick. However, if you find yourself needing something after your food has been delivered, you may have to wait longer than you'd like (so make sure you ask for extras right when you get your food!)The menu isn't huge. There are steak burgers (not ground beef, but chopped up steak). I find the patties juicy and delicious, albeit a little thin. There are myriad topping configurations, so there will be something for everyone (even if you're one of those weird meat, cheese, bun only people). I'm partial to the Royale (hello, fried egg!) and the Jalepeno Crunch (good spicy, as opposed to want-to-cry spicy). All the burgers come with fries and are quite economical (I want to say you can get a basic burger and fries for like $4. Specialty burgers, with fries, are about $6). There are also hot dogs, salads, chicken strips, etc. The milkshakes are fabulous! They're served in big malt glasses with a straw and a spoon, with whipped cream and a cherry on top! Completely worth it. FYI: there is a take-out line. Also, when dining in, you pay at the counter in front. Oh, and be sure to throw some of their house seasoning on your fries!
5	I have lived in SoCal most of my life except for a few years in Illinois when I was younger. And I'm so lucky I did, first off I love the snow, and second... Steak 'n Shake. Oh yummmm... But then I moved back to OC and missed SnS :(Then I found out about the LV one!.... my family literally took a trip to see a comedian for a night and have Steak 'n Shake. It was everything I remembered and more: Two burgers, fries, chili, and drinks/shakes later I was satisfied. Could've eaten another one if I wasn't afraid of going into cardiac arrest on the spot.*Hoping they bring them to SoCal! But it's always fun to have more excuses to go to Vegas!
4	Ok so it's sort of a catch 22 as to why I have deducted the fifth star..The place is so delicious that the line to get a table (or take out) is ridiculous pretty much ALL THE TIME.A positive spin on the long wait thing is that it allowed for my party and I to catch up on the latest and greatest going on in each others lives. Then we were sat..Our server was prompt in taking our beverage orders and his trusty sidekick (or busser) assisted in the timely food and beverage delivery department.I would like to preface this review on the fact that I am not a red meat eater at all. Every once in a while if the mood strikes me and a lean piece of meat crosses my path I'll take a bite, but that's about it.  On this Steak n' Shake evening the exception was made without hesitation.My "real" order was the guacamole chicken burger and a chocolate shake (hey! you can't eat at steak n' SHAKE without getting a shake!), but I had to order a single steak slider just to say I tried it.DELICIOUS! If I ever have a craving for some red meat again (rare, but it happens) I would most certainly put Steak n' Shake at the top of my list. Nothing fancy, just a throw back to diner dining with mouth watering classic burgers and shakes!If you're in the neighborhood give this burger joint a try; as for the wait, consider it in-person social networking.. like the good ol' days ;)
4	Yummy food, horrid service and completely overcrowded.
4	9pm on a Sat night and wait was about 5 min to get a table.  Service with Jason was very friendly and burgers were tasty.  About the only down side was that we didn't get our shakes until we were almost done with the burgers, but hey, thats dessert....Best part is that dinner only cost $21 for both of us.  We'll be back.
5	It's always good here. I love the food and the atmosphere
1	I love Steak & Shake...  This one does not compare to the rest of the chain.  The union cooks obviously don't care about the S&S standard for cooking burgers.  Burgers are dry and served cold.  Fries were cold.  In fact the only good item I had was the chili.  It was probably made somewhere else and just reheated on site.  Servers are more concerned with getting a smoke break than checking on customers.
4	Great Shakes at Southpoint
2	This was my very first visit to Steak N Shake. Let me start by saying I live VERY far from The South Point, which is where it's located. As far as prices go, Steak N Shake is nice and cheap. For a double burger with fries, I paid less than $5. Their shakes, which are amazing, pushed almost $5 by themselves and the to-go cups are much smaller for the same price. The food wasn't the greatest I ever had and I guess I did let other peoples reviews hype it up a little too much because I wasn't overly impressed. It's was good, but nothing incredible. As far as the service, the people who work there really aren't friendly. My waitress came by our table to take our order and bring us our check. No one refilled our drinks. It just wasn't what I had expected. I thought it was going to be great service and great food. Instead, I got bad service and good food. Probably won't go back again which is a shame because it's got a lot of potential to be a great place!
3	The main reason why I still like this place is because of their milkshakes. The quality of their food is almost like McDonalds.
5	I hadn't been to a Steak N Shake since I was in Indianapolis. Good to see this place out west now. I went in and ordered a Mint cookie shake. The mint was good and the cookie was whack. I expect Oreos in anything with chocolate sandwich cookies. Don't give me knock off Oreos. The shake would have been better with real Oreos or chocolate chips. I probably won't get the same shake again. Maybe the peanut butter cup one next time I visit.
3	I come here for the shakes & love their double chocolate fudge shake! AMAAAZIINGGGGG! I mean I could finish two of them, or three, or even TEN! Why haven't I had them before? oh, thats right the LOOONG Lines & the not-so great burgers.The shake itself is wonderful but the steak burger not so much, it is VERY dry and does not have much taste to it.  I wish it tasted better & i would have been coming here ALL THE TIME. The service is sub-par, it is almost like a diner but fast-food joint. I would have given it a two-star, but their shakes are amazing.
3	**** 3 1/2 Stars******So the first time I had Steak N Shake was about 6 years. The second time was on my most recent trip to Las Vegas. Service was decent; our waiters were quick with our drink orders. Which is good when you go out with hungry cousins. I had their Mint  Oreo Milkshake. Delicious! And I got to dip the shoestring fries in the milkshake!! Sweet and Salty? Yes please.The burgers are pretty good too and they have a variety of options. Our meal wasn't expensive either. 7 people for about $50? I'll take it!
1	I was exhausted from working constant OT so did NOT make a Thanksgiving feast. I mistakenly thought I would be in the minority of those who didn't cook. We wound up at the South Point and ALL the buffets were packed like sardine cans and totally overpriced so we wound up at this hole full of drunk, loud tourists. Every employee there was pissed because they had to work and the air was thick with contempt you could cut with a knife. Our waiter, Eduardo was literally the laziest, worst waiter I've had in years. The burgers were dry like the Mohave desert, all the food was overcooked and he never once refilled a tea glass. Basically, he dropped the plates on the table and left. When he returned, he dropped the check ON MY PLATE ON TOP OF MY FOOD AND SAUNTERED OFF! We were going to order dessert but he never returned. I walked to the register to pay for this sorry excuse for a meal and the cashier who was devoid of any social graces or basic English comprehension was beyond rude. I asked for the season salt, a glass and salad peppers and she froze like a statue and said, "Are you serious?"  I said, "Yes, I'm serious! Move your lazy ass 2 feet to the right or I'll come behind the register and do it myself." She stands there dumbstruck not moving so I ask for the manager. Still no movement. She's gone catatonic. So I yell, I need a manager! This stooge runs over and asks what's going on. I tell him about the poor service and her bad attitude. No explanation, no apology, no nothing. A vacant stare. Again. Somebody must put Xanax in the water there. No offer for a comped meal. Nothing. I informed him I'm not a tourist, I'm local and I'll never eat here again. Still nothing. Called corporate because I have a low tolerance for bad customer service. When I was a waitress I worked my ass off and left people with a good memory to relate so I had regulars. I have serious issues with the lack of competency, social skills and work ethic of people under 40 lately based on recent experiences. The Steak 'n Shake restaurants in Houston are so much better. Lately, anything on the strip is lacking in the customer service department.
4	It's a great place to get some food if you're staying at South Point or the timeshare next to it. It reminds me of a Johnny Rockets, transporting you back in time to where burgers and milkshakes were the thing to eat. The menu is great! Simple and cheap and the milkshake variety is amazing! You can mix the flavors as much as you want and there are so many to choose from! The server was really very nice and super accommodating. I would definitely go back for the chili cheese fries and milkshakes because they were super delicious !!
5	If I won Mega Bucks, I would open a Steak 'n Shake right next to every In and Out Burger and drive them out of business. Having grown up in Beef Country and not California, it constantly amazes me how low Californian's and Nevadan's standards are for burgers, poorly cooked fries, and shakes from a machine (like McDonald's) that they line up 20 cars deep to get them.Yes, in a land where Taco Bell wins "Best Tacos" in the RJ's poll, In and Out is the Emperor, but it's not easy to see that he is naked.Now, this location isn't as good as the ones back home that have been open since the '50s, but they do a good enough job when we go. Their constant wait to get a table or place a Takhomasak order is baffling to anyone from an area where SnS locations have drive thrus or carhop service, but it's worth it. I admire the fact that they have the exact same prices and policies as the rest of the chain, including half price drinks during Happy Hour (2-4). There is no "casino bump". Want a double steak burger with cheese and fries for $4? Sure thing.For the uninitiated, they "get" it. That's why they've been in business since 1934. Steak is ground fresh for the burgers. They are served on plates with silverware. Milkshakes are made the right way: by hand and served in tall glasses....MADE FROM GLASS! MILKSHAKES ARE NOT WATERED DOWN ICE CREAM MIX AND SHOULD NOT COME OUT OF A MACHINE!That also understand another concept: value. Show me a better deal for a better burger in this town! (Here's a hint-you can't.) nothing on the menu is over $6. Even the top shelf burgers with lots of dressings are $5.75 with fries. Heck, the milkshakes, while approaching the fabled "five dollar shake mythos, are well deserving of the price difference between them and the dreck from the places where quantity is more important than quality.Oh yeah, then there is the chili, Chili Mac, and rest of the menu. Get chili and cheese on your fries. Totally worth it, since getting here is enough hassle that you won't be doing it often.The place is always full when we go, so the wait staff is slammed. Adding things to the initial order might be a bit of an ordeal, so try to get it all in one shot. Shoot for Happy Hour and get the shakes for a stupidly low price of just over $2.This isn't an "ingrained love from growing up on it" like folks around here have for In and Out. We didn't have one in my hometown. My love for Steak 'n Shake developed after I was an adult.Not even ordering from the Super Secret Menu can make me understand why people settle for less at the pretender to the throne that's just a stripped down version, founded 15 years after the original.
4	One word about sums it up here folks: YUM!My friend who loves S&S insisted we had to check it out as it's the only location anywhere near the west coast.  It is a large location inside SouthPointe Casino -- one of the first casinos that appear when you hit Vegas.  There was a line to get seated but it went quick and service was very fast also! I loved the selection of burgers and have to agree with my friend that the food is delish. The shakes were also to die for here -- splurge and you won't regret it. They also have this fabulous seasoned salt for the fries that I liked so much I had to buy a bottle. Another advantage -- it's really inexpensive!
3	Ate here in November. The burger was tasty and juicy. The shake was good as well. I would eat here again if I was in the area. The price was right I felt for what I got.
3	After checking into the South Point. We had dinner at Steak N Shake. Its been over a decade since I've had one of their burgers. Back in Chicago, it was a routine stop for lunch. We've tried this location a couple times before, but were always turned off by the long wait. This visit, we beat the rush and were seated right away.I chose a jalapeno melt, but was left wishing I went with my husband's choice, the portobello and swiss burger. My melt was odd, not terribly cheesy, the jalapenos came diced on the side. The bread overpowered the rest of melt. His burger, though,  was juicy and cheesy, just as it should be. I enjoyed their thin and crispy fries and the husband enjoyed his shake very much. The tab was less than twenty bucks, not bad, for a sit down meal. We returned the next night grabbed a bite before catching a movie. This time we went to the takeout window. It is definitely the way to go if you don't have time to wait. This time we went with the original burgers, no shake, only fries. I think dinner was about $12. Cheap and easy.
4	How I miss Steak n Shake! I used to go back in the day when I started out with Disney in Florida. Got a Burger, Fries, Soft Drink, and a Shake for $10......the best part of my Vegas trip! :) The shakes are the best, and the burgers taste a bit like Red Robin except not much meat. Its a great place and you can't beat the price or quality.
4	When driving to Las Vegas from California, the first Casino you'll see is The South Point. It's on Las Vegas Blvd, so technically it's "on The Strip," but it's really a couple miles before the actual famous drag begins (I'd say it starts at Mandalay Bay, but I'm not sure that's an official designation). Anyway, a couple years back I was driving into the city and saw The South Point looming, then noticed a big sign for a Steak 'n Shake in the casino... and let out an audible yelp of joy, which my friends proceeded to ridicule (as they should have). But my excitement came from memories of enjoying Steakburgers any Fries on my last trip to the midwest, where SnS locations are commonplace.We spent the weekend of the Super Bowl in town, and decided to grab Steak 'n Shake on our way out of Sin City. I ordered my Double Bacon Steakburer, Fries with a side of Cheese dipping sauce, and a Strawberry Shake, posted up at a seat, and watched the fourth quarter as The Packers squeaked by The Steelers and validated Aaron Rodgers' incredible talents. Did the food live up to my expectations and memories? I can't say they quite did... it had been the first time I'd had Steak 'n Shake in six years, and memories of the place were probably overly-romanticized (plus I was pretty drunk when I ate the stuff in Indiana in 05, so that might have contributed). That said, this is a pretty delicious fast food joint with its own style burger, one that doesn't stand up when compared to the fresh deliciousness of In N Out or Shake Shake, but still a very delicious (and very midwestern) juicy disgusting greasy fast food experience. Plus, the fact that the place was at The South Point gave us the opportunity to get on the road ahead of everyone else after the game ended. I'm just glad that there is a Steak 'n Shake within a four hour drive in my life. I wouldn't be surprised if I end up back at The South Point for another round on my next Las Vegas adventure.
4	I've tried Steak n Shake once before but it was take out. I dreaded coming here again because I was not a fan of their burgers and couldn't figure out why the place had the word "Steak" in it when the burger seemed like any other burger. I was pleasantly surprised to see not only their prices, but when their food is fresh, it's actually very enjoyable. I had the Wisconsin Buttery which I feared was going to be too greasy which it was, but overall very tasty. The fries are good too as long as your sprinkle the seasoning on them. Overall enjoyable but I wouldn't say my favorite by any stretch. Still not sure why this place is always as busy as it is.
4	I had a burger there and it was very good. Nice atmosphere, nice and clean.  I would have like to stay and see the horses.  My husband got the 5 way I tasted a bite of it and it was very good.
4	One of the bonuses (and deciding factors of staying at South Point for a couple of nights) is the fact that they have a Steak 'n Shake. I've heard my friend rave about it, and I've driven by the one in Fredericksburg many times, but had never had the chance to check them out. So when I went out to the casino the next morning around 10:15 to find grub, I decided to patiently wait for their 11AM opening and try it out for myself.The atmosphere is 50's burger stand/malt shoppe, with a basic menu offering burgers and fries, sandwiches, chili, and (of course) milkshakes. I opted for the 3D Grilled Cheese - sandwich was great, but the grilled, inside out bun was just a tad too greasy for my tastes. I opted for chili cheese fries as the side, and these were excellent. The chili here is unique - it's more of the gently seasoned Midwest style than the spicy Texas style ... but despite their offerings of Chili Mac 5-Way, this is not really Cincy chili. I think it's a better companion for fries than it would be with pasta or as a stand-alone bowl. The prices here are great ... "gourmet" burger joints are charging 50-75% more for the same quality, and there was no "casino bump" in the prices at the South Point S'nS. I'm excited to take the wife to the one in Fredericksburg the next time we go through, and give some of the other burgers (or the melt) a try.
5	I give this place five stars based on it being the best at what it does.  It's a fast food, cheap burger joint which competes with In n Out, McDonalds, Five Guys, etc. I personally put Steak n Shake at the top of the list.In n Out probably beats everybody in terms of freshness.  But it lacks in choice. Steak n Shake has a great menu with a lot of choices and all of their burgers are top-quality ground steak with fresh buns.  Ever sandwich comes with fries and everything is less than $7.But what puts Steak n Shake at the top of our family's list are the milkshakes.  SO good.  Especially the dark chocolate.  I haven't had a better one at a 'chain', so I recommend everybody give it a try while in Vegas (as its the only tone in the Western US).
4	My wife loves this place, we went here at least once a week while staying in Vegas.  The food is better quality than fast food (i.e. McDonalds), and reasonably priced.  We'd often split a milkshake, which are always tasty.  Some of their other deserts are great too ($2.50 for a small ice cream sundae!).  If you're at the casino and looking for a quick/cheap bite to eat, worth stopping in.
2	Not bad, not great..but convenient like going to In and Out..I will have to try it again..
5	Great burgers, friendly staff...
5	While driving from Las Vegas to Washing D.C a few years ago I stumbled across this place somewhere in Kansas and fell in Love with it, yes, capitol "L" love, I really get into my food.Fast forward a few years and I was told by my son that they were opening one in Las Vegas and I thought, well its about time.It is hard to believe but when Steak n Shake first opened in Las Vegas the lines were an hour or two long and everybody thought well that will pass, I was back in Vegas a month ago visiting and a friend and I went to the gun show at the South Point and thought, "hey, while we are here' lets grab a burger at Steak n Shake" ........................... I was blown away when we had to wait in line for thirty minutes!!!After three years of lines why is it that some smart business guy (or gal) has not opened a second, or twentieth location??????Any way, this is good american food at a GREAT price.Get the Original Double'N Cheese or the Wisconsin Buttery Steakburger, order a side of Cheese fries (the shoestring fries are so good) and a Dr. Pepper and what you have is an old fashion, God bless America, All American meal.All those years while I lived in Las Vegas I wished that they would build a Steak n Shake in Vegas, they did, I moved to Salt Lake City ..................... man I wish tey would open a Steak n' Shake in Salt Lake City!!!!Until next time Yelpers ..................... Be Local, Live Local, and whenever you can, Buy Local!!!!!!!
4	I try to go to this location each time I visit Vegas and that has been about 10 times since this location opened. This is the western most location in the U.S. and closest to my hometown in CA. What I like most about Steak n Shake is that it is between a sit down diner like Denny's to a great fast food burger joint like In N Out. The problem with this location is that it is always busy. Both the take-out and dine-in line is always long and I have waited no less than 20 minutes each time. The crazy thing is that I always try to come at off-time hours like 2-4pm. This time while I waited in line I saw that as tables were cleared/cleaned and ready for new customers, it would take the hostess an additional 5-10 minutes to seat people. Often times there were 3 tables empty and it was just a slow hostess. In her defense, I think they are very short staffed at this location and always have too few employees to customers.After 20 minutes we were seated and since I had been here many times, I didn't even need to look at the menu...I knew exactly what I wanted. My server came within 2-3 minutes and said that she would be right with us. It was another 5 minutes before she came. After ordering, the food took another 20 minutes!! The cooks must be short staffed as well!! Between standing in line and getting our food, it was almost 1 hour! I have been to many Steak n Shake locations in the midwest (St. Louis) and have never experienced anything like what I experience at this location.I ordered my usual Frisco Burger and my brother had the double stack with cheese. I also ordered a Carmel Turtle Shake and a soda to go down with it. If you have never been here before, you need to know that the burger patties are extremely thin. Half the size of In N Out and 1/4 the size of Carl's Jr. If you want a burger that will resemble the amount of food in a Double-Double (from In n Out) then you need to at least order the triple stack burger! The fries that come with the burger are also extremely skinny, which I like, because they are extra crispy! The carmel turtle shake came in a large shake glass as usual, but this time there was no excess silver blending cup! When did this change?? Budget Cuts??? You have to get a shake when you come here. It is called Steak n Shake for a reason! Another weird thing that I have never experienced before was they kept taking chairs from our table while we were eating. We were two people, seated at a table for four. While we were eating, they took our chair to add to another table. That was fine. Then 5 minutes later they came back and took the other one too! I didn't really care, but it was very odd for them to keep coming back as we are eating. My review must sound so negative, but I still gave them 4-Stars, because I still really like the Burgers, Fries and Shakes. In my lifetime I have been to Steak n Shakes over 20 times and I loved it every time! The service here isn't up to par, but I'll still be back the next time i'm in Vegas!
2	Located in the South Point Casino. It's a convenient quick bite if your staying across the street at the Grandview Resorts.I was excited from prior visits, falling in love with their shakes, but not so much their food. I had convinced my mom to join me again talking up a storm about their shakes. Again had I just stuck to the shakes and had better service maybe I would have given them another 2 stars. We got a large order of bacon cheese fries to split $4.79. The picture shows it off in a skillet, there was no fancy skillet. I almost laughed at what the large size portion was, looked like a side order you would get plated next to a burger. Also not to mention but the cheese was Velveeta cheese if I had to put a description to it. Maybe I expected to much wanting real melted cheese. The service, was slow to get to our table, seemed as though tables were a grab bag and the waiters/staff eager to work and make tips were the ones that picked up tables. Guess there must have been a power struggle, or over abundance of lazy since people had to debate on whom was going to take our table. The shakes, again I should have just stuck with what I know, darn for wanting to stray outside the box. The Chocolate Banana Shake $3.49 was awesome. Though call me a prude but I always want the stainless steel mixer that my liquid bliss is prepared in, or I'm spoiled by other places that give you both. Either way give me both, I'm not asking for much! Shakes yay, food nay!
1	When they won't even seat you at the counter when you are a single "without asking everyone in line", they can go pound sand!  too bad Bradley Ogden closed. He had the best burger EVER!
4	Double steakburger with cheese and frisco sauce on the side. Cheese fries. Hand-dipped milkshake.
5	Oh my goodness, I think I am in love! Great burgers, yummy fries, and a delightful milk shakes and all for cheap! What's not to love? Why did it take me so long to try this joint out?!?!
5	This place is great fresh dinner that has juicy good quality burger although it might be too grease for some people
4	We recently vacationed in Las Vegas and stayed at South Point so we were able to eat at Steak and Shake a couple of times.  The kids loved the food.  I loved the prices.  I had one complaint... the steak burgers are so thin.  Like wafer thin.  I was wondering why most of the burgers were double patties.  Other than that I was happy.  It was also nice because there is a take out section so you can have your food to go too BUT you have to order at the register.  No phone orders.  :(
1	I was excited to try this place out.   Seating is very limited and wait times are around an hour.   After waiting for an hour to be seated, We waited another 30 minutes for a server to come and get our order and drinks.  When food came out it basically In-and-Out burger.. Food was gross..   Tried to talk to the manager but could get anyone's attention because they are so understaffed..  Will not be going back.
1	Got food poisoning from here. Not a cool way to hang in vegas. One other person in my group got sick as well and we ate different things.
4	Don't let the line discourage you, as t moves pretty fast.  Came here on a Friday night with about 10-15 people in front of me, but still was seated in roughly 15 minutes.Steak 'n Shake is not a new rodeo for me, I'm used to the stand alone locations which have a little more appeal to them (windows, lower ceilings).  The food was pretty much as consistent as I remember, I went with my go-to Frisco melt and banana shake.  The shake was awesome as always and I gobbled up all of my shoe-string fries.  I'm also impressed that the menu isn't given resort prices, as you can still get 4 combos for under $4 (recently named one of the best dining deals by Vegas Seven).If the line wasn't as long, and not in the casino, this place would get 5-stars no problem.
2	The burgers are good but the portions are a bit small sometimes especially when you order an extra side of fries. Every time I ate there and ordered an extra side of fries , the plate is never filled all the way. & one time I ordered chicken strips and they gave me a ranch dipping sauce in one of those tiny plastic dip cups and it was literally just a tiny blob that I had to share among 3 strips! To top all my visits off, their food always left me hungry still even with the side of fries (but that's not a surprise since they dont give enough to even fill that plate). Not coming back here. I'll just go to In n out when I want a burger. It's bigger and at least they're not greedy with their fries and sauce.
1	Yummy
4	While Staying at the South Point Hotel/Casino my party and I decided to stop by here to eat after seeing the Ad on Billbaords all over Las Vegas.Upon arriving we noticed there was a bit of a line jsut to go in, for a second I thought the Steak 'n Shake was night club and not a restaurant.  Surprisingly, the line went by pretty fast, and we were seated at our booth in a blink of an eye.  We looked at the Menu for a few minutes not know what to order as everything on the menu looked really good.I finally made up my mind and decided to order the Cheesy Cheddar Steak Burger with a Peanut Butter Cup shake and an order of Bacon Cheese Fries.  My girlfriend ordered a Patty Melt with an order of Thin 'n Crispy Fries, and her nephew went with the 3 Shooters special and some fries.Over all the food was really good, and decent service (Took them a while to bring the shake I ordered well after our food was served).  The customer service was pretty friendly.  I would definitley come back and try out some of their other Menu items on a future visit.
4	Burgers and fries were delicious. This place reminds me of Ruby's or Johnny Rockets, but the food tastes better and less expensive. They close at midnight, which I thought was terrific since everyone eats late in Vegas. The service was quick and friendly. 4 solid stars.
1	Idk bout tha rest but, that Steak & Shake @ tha South Point suct musty donkey genitals....Ida rather had wunna dem 75 cent beef hot dogs.
5	Really great food st a great price. The shakes were so good they weren't  too sweet just the way I like them. The burgers were delicious. I recommend the onion rings over the fries. The cheese on the cheese fries wasn't that great. My second visit I asked for a neopolitan shake which wasn't on the menu and they made it no problem. I would say 4.5 stars if I could.
3	If you order the royale, you cannot request an over easy egg. Fried only and over done.So I have this love, hate affair with all things diner. I love the nostalgia and the feel. I typically hate the food.The burgers here were just okay for me. It was hard for me to love and/or enjoy because I so bad wanted the Royale burger with my egg yolk all nice and runny but they couldn't and wouldn't make it like that. Something about health regulations. Must be all the old people and kids that eat there or something. Please explain why some places can do this and others cannot. However the patty was pretty moist and juicy and the toppings fresh and good.The fries were good, as long as they were hot. Once they got cold, forget about it. It was just not good.I also ordered a milkshake and I have to say one of the worse ever. I don't know what I was expecting because everyone was saying that their milkshakes were bomb. But they truly were the nastiest part of my lunch.I took it to go to be polite and threw it in the trash when no one was looking. It was like it was made from old ice cream that had melted and was refrozen, three or four times over. YUCK!I would only visit again if you twisted my arm and were a guest visiting and really, really had to go.I will say that this place is super cheap and super budget friendly.
2	I think I can sum this up in a few words: go to In-n-Out.There are quite a few parallels to these two places. They're both cheap burgers, iconic, and have that old diner vibe. There are a couple key differences, though, that would make INO the choice here.The fries. They're lame. They taste like the dried "fries" you can get in your snack isle. INO makes normal fries that you can get dressed up or even cooked crispy.The experience. I don't know why, for such cheap burgers, you should have to make it a sit-down place. It makes no sense and it kind of forces a tip. Also, you can't just get up and get your own drinks when you want. You gotta wait for the slow waiters.The burger itself. I would venture to say INO just makes a tastier burger. I mean, yes, I know what makes them good is just the fact that it's topped with fresh toppings and a good spread. The meat is no biggie. But still, for $2 burgers, INO is just better.Make sense? Is the hype over?
3	This is one of the completely open secrets of Las Vegas! What was surprising about this spot was the comfort that can be found for hungry patrons. Between both, the billfold and the ribs, Steak and Shake is sure to satisfy. My girlfriend and I came on a Sunday. It was packed as most strip eateries are, but quick service and friendly staff made this restaurant wait bearable. Once seated I ordered a Wisconsin burger, fries, and a shake. A home-slung double patty burger with cheese and butter-- yes butter-- is a treat. What surprised most for me was the price. Burgers (2), drinks (2), fries (2), and a shake set me back a mere $17 and change. Cons to this restaurant are simply the over done 50's style soda fountain look. I have come to expect more from Las Vegas, even if the restaurant is an import. There is a lack of seating although waits can be upwards of an hour, and lastly just that there are no "chances" taken with their fare. Sticking to basics isn't usually a misstep, but I feel this highly touted Vegas favorite could have taken a larger leap!
2	Service was horrible, however they kind of tell you when they seat you that it will be several minutes before anyone will come to the table.  Than once they start taking your order they argue and don't listen to you.Food was ok.  Had the Patty Melt, FF with Parmesan Cheese which is a rip off that you have to pay additional for the flavor, Chili and a Orange Milk Shake.Once you get your food, you will never see your server again, they slap down the bill and walk away.
4	Good food for the price. I try to eat relatively healthy and this was well . . . not. But I was surprised by the great prices. Shakes were very good.
3	I spent the weekend at South Point with my boyfriend and this was our first "Lets Blow our Diets" splurge of the weekend. I had never heard of this chain, but it seems to be very popular in the US and was certainly jammed late on a Thursday at South Point. We had to wait to to be seated.I had a slider trio with different sauces (A-1, BBQ, Ketchup and onions) that was served with fries and my boyfriend had a burger. It was very good and I can see why it's so popular. However, this is not a good place to kick off a weekend after months of fairly "clean eating". It's a fatty food grease fest! The sliders were good, but I think Crystal or White Castle are much better. Our server was friendly and quick. We had our food within ten minutes of sitting down.A very inexpensive meal too.It was a fun experience, but I would not go out of my way to return.
1	Dear Steak 'n Shake,It has been a fun run in Vegas since you started. I used to plan my cross country road trip routes based on when I could first make it to a Steak 'n Shake - so, when you opened up in Las Vegas, I was ecstatic! Three visits on opening day ecstatic.I have always joked that horrible service is part of the charm of SnS, my last two visits, you have taken this hallmark trait and ran with it. The end of May, my wife and I tried to get some food at SnS before I left for a trip back East. We were seated quickly enough that we were confident we could make it to a movie after dinner, if we so chose to do so. That is where the service stopped. Literally. It took 5 minutes (I keep a stopwatch going when I visit to see how bad your service is) for someone to acknowledge we were seated in their section, a server said hello and she would be right back to take our drink order. 6, yes S-I-X minutes later, we had not been acknowledged again. We walked out, not before we left a note on the table letting whoever saw it (probably a busser that ignored it) that making customers in a non-busy restaurant wait for 11+ minutes for no drink or food order is unacceptable.Now we come to our visit yesterday for lunch. There was a bit of a line to be seated, was not that bad though. It only took 10-15 minutes to go through the corral and be seated. As you may infer, we know what we want to order when we get to SnS, this was again the case yesterday. Within 3 minutes (Woohoo) our server took our drink and food orders. He informed us that SnS is now charging for sides of ranch and Frisco Sauce (are you kidding me?!) Whatever, I need the sauce to dip my Frisco Melt in, so I ordered it anyway. After a few hiccups trying to get our order taken properly, he re-read it back to us correct.Our drinks came out and he forgot my wife's water (we both order water and something with flavor). Good thing, too, as that was the last we saw of our server. A food runner brought out our food and disappeared with quickness.My wife opened up her burger after taking a bite and saw they put the salsa on it she specifically asked be left off (that our server confirmed would be left off) - he did not key it into the computer though.We waited.And waited.And waited.I finished my food.And we waited some more.Our drinks were now all completely empty. We were wishing the A/C was on a little warmer, so the ice would melt, giving us something else to drink. As soon as our drinks were delivered, we did not see our server again. Not only did he avoid our table the rest of our visit but we did not see him in the dining room again until we were at the register.My wife was fuming, as extremely hungry people tend to get, when food is before them that is not as ordered and NOBODY CHECKS ON YOU. This is the final straw and we will not be back.On speaking with the cashier, she had to go in back to get authorization to remove the improperly prepared burger from the tab. We had other concerns and were not given a chance to speak with a manager. So, here it is for everybody to read and see how you treat your (formerly) loyal customers.
5	I just go to stock up on chilli - it's the best.  I by the cans by the case.
4	Great Burgers.
4	A good choice for quick cheap eats at South Point. We were in Vegas a couple months ago & stayed at South Point.  Once we got to the hotel,  we had lunch at Steak & Shake. I ordered the Wisconsin Buttery Steakburger which was very yummy.  The flavors were really rich.  The burger itself is a medium sized burger.  For the average eater, it is definately filling with fries & shake. The cookie dough shake was yummy with lots of chunks of cookie dough.My favorite thing about this restaurant is the decor.   It felt like we stepped back in time to the 50s.Tip: they have a to go window on the side of the restaurant. Recommended for yummy burgers & shakes.
2	Not sure what the hype about this place is for.The food was OK but odd.  The burger patties were almost cracker like in appearance and texture.  While the flavor was fine it left me a little hungry.The service was relatively slow and the lights were way too bright.  Our party looked pretty rough after 4 days in Vegas and these lights made it even worse.
1	Don't waste your time!!Hope your not hungry when you eat here!  The burgers are SUPER thin!  Don't go with a group of more than 6, they have ONE table that can seat 8 or 10, otherwise they split your group up.  They wont put 2 tables together.  They insist on trying to fit everyone in their booths!   Now, lets talk (lack of) customer service.....the hostess (doesn't matter which one) is extremely rude!  So glad we're not "tourists" cause this place would turn me off of Vegas!  There are MUCH better places out here to eat at.  Five Guys & Fries and Freddy's just to name a couple!
4	Great, well priced food and good service at the South Point hotel and casino.  Fast service.  Food was tasty and at a good price.  A little above what you would expect for a burger joint.  Not bad at all.
4	Our family went while staying across the street at the Grandview. It was a group of 13 and took foreverrr to be seated and then while seated we had to go into 2 separate booths because they do not put tables together there. Burger was good but small. I had the mushroom/swiss burger and the mushrooms were hardly in there. But it was still tasty. I wasn't a fan of their fries they were kind of thin and bland. I ordered the Banana shake I think the Ultimate Banana is what its called and that was delish!! sooo good. they have a TON of choices for the shakes. That was my highlight.
5	Im a South Point regular so I have eaten at S&S countless times.  The service is always friendly and attentive and the bugers are sooooo good.  For $3.99 you can't go wrong.  I have the double when I go.  The lines are long but its worth it and the value makes it 5 stars.
5	looooove this place!
1	If I was sent a "Dine with us for free" coupon for 4 people, I would not return.The place was loud, full of kids, and the "steakburger" really was both small and lacked flavor. To add, the chili was perhaps the worst I have ever had in my life - tasteless, no punch and watery.I could not find the exit fast enough. What a complete distaster......
1	Would not go again...I guess you get what you pay for, but I have never seen a patty this thin. Burgers were awful, chocolate shake tasted like milk, fries were ok.
4	Rainy days call for their chili! I grew up with Steak n' Shake in the midwest so when they opened a store out here I was so happy to have a taste of home again. It's nostalgic AND delicious. The prices are pretty cheap and they have a daily happy hour on their sodas. Steakburgers are nice and juicy but they can make the bun a little soggy. The fries are...ok, nothing special. The milkshakes will bring boys to your yard so please be careful.
3	I love their cheap prices and tasty burgers!! I mean 3.45 for a hamburger and fries is CHEAP, and if you add cheese it's just 50 cents more so under 4 bucks for a meal! Thats a superb deal in the city of Las Vegas.  The handscooped shakes are very very good. We had the stawberry banana blended and the cookie dough. It had a ton of whip cream on top with a cherry of course. ;)The service here is a little weak though. It's very inconsisent but i believe it's because they are understaffed! It took a really long time to get drinks and our orders were a little mixed up. Overall it's definitly a place to try and it's great that it isn't located directly  on the strip. It's like our coming home from Vegas destination.
3	One of us had a craving for burgers so checked my handy Yelp app to see what was nearby. BAM! Steak N Shake was the one that Mr. B and I agreed on. It's a Midwest childhood favorite of his and I like their mid afternoon Happy Hour menu where drinks and shakes are half off! Anytime we have visited here the place is pretty busy and not very many vacant tables but we get seated right away. The wait during mid afternoon is never less that five minutes.  Greasy burgers I kid you not!  Especially if you order the Wisconsin Buttery Burger. I justified ordering this since it's my cheat day/weekend and I deprive myself of butter laden everything lately. The burger makers must have knew that too because when I got my plate that burger was dripping in a pool of buttah! No lie! It didn't help either that the grilled onions were dripping in grease as well. Pretty much the bottom part of my bun was soaked in a combination of butter and grease. ICK .. Lucky I don't eat much bread so no loss on me. It is what it is called The BUTTERY burger, but that was bit much. The steak burger patties are thin, seasoning wise it's MIA. Good thing for the fry seasoning by the table, I added some and it gave it a little punch to both my burger and skinny fries.  Hmm maybe that's how they're designed to be made plain, make you add your own seasoning in hopes that you'll buy a bottle (because that's exactly what I did!) PLUS POINTS for Cloth napkins - Name a fast food chain / casual place that has them..I can't think of any. Shakes ...they are thick, really rich. I like getting strawberry/banana. They give you plenty, I never can finish it. Happy Hours it's a bargain so it's no biggie that I waste 1/2 of my shake. Service - This is where I have a beef! (pardon the pun)Sometimes it's great and on point, other times service is not there. Like our server this past visit. Once we got our burger order and our ticket, that was that.  We wanted to add milkshakes but we didn't see our server nor any other servers in the dining area for about five minutes.  Even the diners in the immediate area were wondering where the heck the servers were.  So MINUS points here.Our meal for two with burgers, fries, chili  drinks and the milkshakes came just over twenty one bucks.That's pretty cheap.  It's probably why we don't mind coming here. But I'll hold off on the butter next time.
4	Had wanted to try this place for awhile.  It seems like a combination of a 1950s diner and a fast food joint.  Maybe Johnny Rockets would be a good comparison.  Anyways, we go to South Point quite often when we're in Vegas, and when Steak 'n Shake opened up here a few years back...I knew that I had to try it.  Problem was that the line was always so long no matter what time of the day or night that we passed by.  Finally, got the opportunity to give them a taste two months ago.  While our friends were gambling, wifey and I decided to have a snack here.We shared the double cheeseburger combo from their Under $4 menu.  I just checked their website, and the menu is still available.  The double cheeseburger was pretty good.  I would not consider it the freshest and tastiest burger.  It is definitely not a gourmet burger, but it is better than most fast food places (with the exception of In N Out).  The french fries that came with the combo were above average.  I'd have to give the double cheeseburger combo 3 stars.  On the other hand, the milkshakes are terrific.  My wife ordered  the Strawberry Banana Shake, and I had the Ultimate Banana Shake.  Wow!  Those two were delicious!  I'd have to say they were one of the best milk shakes that I have ever had.  Okay, I admit that I do not order milkshakes too often.  My wife is more the expert, and she said that she would put them in her top 5.  We both agreed the shakes were worth 5 stars all by themselves.Paid a total of $16.93  for two shakes and a double cheeseburger combo plus tip.  So, I'd say that the prices are fair. Service was okay, fast, and efficient.  If you do not want to stand in the long waiting line outside in the casino area, then I did notice that they have a section where you could place take out orders. I would get a shake to go and drink it while playing.  Wish they would offer us complimentary milkshakes from Steak 'n Shake while gambling.  I would gamble more here for sure!Here are my ratings for Steak 'n Shake:Double Cheeseburger is 3 starsStrawberry Banana Shake is 5 starsUltimate Banana Shake is 5 starsAmbiance is 4 starsService is 3.5 starsOverall a solid 4 star ratingI would come back to have their milk shakes.  Probably not for the burgers though, unless there is not a long line again the next time we're at South Point.
4	I just want to inform all the people looking to eat at steak n shake.The burgers are thin, ( which for me is a plus, since that's how I like them.). So if your looking for more meat, try ordering a double or even a triple steakburger. I personally am not a fan of the shoe string French fry, but when paired with chili bowl there OK.  The chili is very yummy I give it 5 stars ( the main reason I eat here) its a bean and meat chili, very simple and tasty.  And my boyfriend loves the shakes, the reason he eats here with me.I grew up in the Midwest and this is a traditional steak n shake,  they haven't changed the menu for the west.  So, I can understand disappointment when going for a burger and it looking much smaller than most burger joints.  This is just how they do.  And I'm hoping by leaving this post, before you eat at steak n shake you don't go in expecting a thick burger.  If you want a more flavor burger, try a Frisco melt ( very popular where I'm from ) or something with more sauces, toppings.  Hope my input helped.  Chili bowl fan - ;)
1	Worst service and the food didn't seem remotely fresh.
4	This place is really good especially for the value !!! Milkshake is really good ! And the burgers are great too ... Would have to try out !!!
4	having a handful of kids to watch this place was perfect. it had a good selection of things that kids love. its kinda like a rubys diner. it had good food but the shakes were ok. thank goodness this place was in the hotel, i would have been in trouble feeding the kids.
5	I love this place good service and staff really good fastfood burger place. I love it so much I'm here again.
4	Great food for the price... Awesome prices. Fries just OK... Milkshakes are great. Just next door to the Grandview at Las Vegas. Walked over every day to get food. Overall 4 because of the price food avg
3	If you're at South Point and need a cheap place to eat, this is a great place. I had the double steak burger and shared a peanut butter crunch milkshake. The specialty milkshakes are amazing and are definitely worth getting. They're quite big and hefty so it's worth sharing so you don't get a stomach ache. The burgers are average and similar to any fast food restaurant.
4	Our first visit came about because I had signed up for their online club and they emailed my hubby a coupon for his birthday. The coupon was for a double cheeseburger with cheese fries so we said why not check it out. We sure are glad we did as it was a fun and delicious experience for us.We really enjoy the old nostalgic retro look and feel this cute burger and shake shop has.Their food is very good quality as my fresh 50's style burger was juicy and insane flavorful. My mouth went into a full on orgasm after the first bite, that was fast!We had a great experience and will be back for sure as the service was great as well. Julio our server was fantastic!We happen to stop by during happy hour from 2-4 and all drinks and shakes are 50% off. My southern sweet iced tea with unlimited refills cost 50 cents! It was some of the best sweet tea I have ever had the pleasure of chugging down. What we ordered:Jalapeno Crunch, A Double Steakburger seasoned on a fiery hot grill with pepper jack cheese, chipotle mayo, fresh salsa and jalapenos, all topped with French fried onions, served with fries.The Original Double 'n Cheese the popular Steakburger! Two hot-off-the-grill Steakburgers with American cheese on a toasted bun and your choice of toppings. Served with fries.Butterfinger milkshake, All the goodness of a real Butterfinger candy bar can be found in this hand-dipped milk shake.
5	1 of the best burger joints I've been to.  The burgers were very flavorable and juicy.  I need to do some research and see if they have other locations. We got seated right away, the wait time was not to long and our waiter was awesome.  Answered our questions about the burgers and didn't seem to mind when we kept changing our mind on the drink orders.
4	Very, very reasonable prices. The restaurant isn't quite as big as it should be for how popular they are so you will likely have to wait a little bit during peak hours.There were 3 of us in our party; we each got a variation of their standard cheeseburger, our variances being only in the amount of patties we each desired. I myself chose the double and substituted chili cheese fries for the regular style. The chili was decent, a little thinner than I expected chili over fries to be but not a bad taste. The burger was good, not amazing but definitely worth $3 and some change. The fries were probably the best part of the meal; we all agreed. It is a drive from a lot of areas in LV, especially if you're in North LV but again it's definitely worth the price.
5	I love their portabello mushroom burger. It comes with garlic mayo, onions, mushrooms & swiss cheese. I ordered mine without onion and american cheese.  BOMB! Our waitress was really nice and attentive. Merlinda? I'm horrible with names...
4	They serve a legitimate burger here - a step above fast food, so I put it on par with Freddy's or Smashburger. They have a wide variety of toppings and specialty burgers, but I typically stick with the classics: bacon cheeseburger with fries and a drink (or shake). The burgers are good (steakburgers, duh), the veggies are actually fresh, and the bacon is 2 real slices. (side note: last time I got a jr bacon cheeseburger from Wendy's, the bacon was like mini-bacon. The 2 pieces together were about as large as half of a regular slice) Best of all, the combo meal is $3.99. $3.99!!! Seriously! Cheaper than McDonald's or Burger King or Wendy's and a real waiter brings it to you!The shakes are also delicious, and there's lots of good flavors, but I try to avoid the cals if I can resist. The only problem with this place is that there is often a wait, especially for a larger party (ie, 6 or more).
3	This appears to be the only Steak n Shake in the valley so I have no choice but to come to this location, however, service is super slow and there is always a line no matter what - whether it's to be seated or to order take out. The food is affordable since it's burgers, shakes and other diner style food. They even have a $4 menu with 4 items on it. There seems to be a discrepancy in the amount of food I get when I order take out though since it always seems like I get less food when I order it to go compared to when I sit down and dine in...thought that was a little strange, but for the price, I'm really not going to complain too much. I just wished there were more locations in town since that would likely relieve the crowds at this location
5	Cheap, fast service, and yummy food. Defiantly try a shake! There is a happy hour as well for half off shakes. It looks like an olden days dinner feel but totally new. They not too long ago added the takeout side of the restaurant. Which I think helped very much now there is hardly ever a wait to be seated.
2	I've heard about how great steak and shake was pretty much my whole life. Considering this location is on the other side f town from me, it took me a while to make it here. Boy was I disappointed though. I got th triple burger (no cheese, no bun), fries and a water. Dryest burger I've ever had. My toddler wouldn't even touch the fries. Who has ever heard of a toddler not eating French fries? Husband said his food wasn't very good either. (Wisconsin burger & fries w/Arnold Palmer). Husband ate the burger, left the fries and filled up on the drinks.
2	First off, I want to say that I really like Steak 'n Shake. That said, our recent experience with the food here at this Steak 'n Shake located in the South Point Hotel and Casino was less than stellar.Several of us chose this as a quick dinner-type meal for our last evening of a fun-filled wedding weekend. My chocolate shake was fabulous, the rest of my meal could be forgotten. The fries were cold and my burger was so thin I could barely find it between the fat, tasty bun. Glad the prices were reasonable or I would have really complained. As it was, we chose take-out so I hope the cold fries were because it took a bit to get back with the food.I will always be a Steak 'n Shake fan, but never again at this location.
5	Five stars for the Wisconsin butter burger. Except i get it with pickles instead of the onions and it is sooo good. The thin cut crispy fries are also amazing. Today i tried the bacon cheddar burger with only pickles on it anddd its pretty darn good. Not as good as the butter burger though....Im going to stick with that one from here on out.
5	Excellent "faster food" burger joint.  As others have noted, the flavor palette is very similar to Freddy's.  Got the Frisco Melt, loaded with flavor (LOVE the sauce, and the buttered toast is fantastic), very juicy, and a seasonal Caramel Apple Shake (super rich in flavor also - the apple flavoring was a bit artificial but overall it was a darn good shake, thick enough that you'll be spooning it out til the ice cream melts enough to suck it up through the straw.)  Service is fast and efficient.  The South Point has an excellent F&B operation, and this store (it appears to be a hotel-owned franchise) is no exception.
5	Delicious delicious steakburgers and what great prices they have! The regular cheese-steakburgers are two patties and filling. Plus you get a lot of fries with your meal so it really fills you up for $3.99! Can't beat the deal! I just wish we had these in San Diego. Then again, maybe its good that we don't because then I'd be there all the time and gaining a ton of weight from all the delicious burgers lol. Will definitely be back next time I am in Las Vegas.
4	Fun place! The 4 of us had burgers, fries, sodas & shakes for around $40. It was all delicious & fresh and we left full! My only complaint is that you have to wait to get in, the restaurant is pretty small. But, the food came out so fast it made up for it!
5	This is our absolute first stop on our way into Vegas.  The burgers are perfect for me. I do not like a super thick patty and these are just right. Their produce is fresh and the burgers always juicy and packed full of flavor.The seasoning is top notch and we always buy a bottle for the road. The milkshakes are awesome, lots of flavors to choose from and VERY thick!The fries are yummy, be sure to put seasoning on em. I always forget to get them with chili and cheese, but this last time I remembered...! Their menu is pretty big to be honest, however we always get burgers, fries and shakes. Duh!Order your food and hit the slots or go grab a beer. It'll take a few minutes but its totally worth it.We've never had a bad experience here. Not with the food, the service, price, wait, nothing. It's surprisingly very consistent.
2	The burgers are just ok, they aren't great. The shakes are horrible though. We have given this place the benefit of the doubt in hopes that it would get better three times now. Every time we have gone we have ordered shakes and every time they have been icy and gross. Honestly, the price is great here, unfortunately the cheap price also means cheap quality.
5	Wasn't expecting this place to be a restaurant but fast foods joint .. Foods are amazing and delicious AND affordable !!! I love the chilis and Swiss mushroom burgers !!! The fries, yumm !!! Curious about the onion rings tho, next time !!! Reminded me of tasty burgers back home in Boston :)
5	Pepper sauce is the shit and the burgers and fries are always something to look forward to! The shakes are fantastic...too bad there's only one in Vegas...
4	Quick and friendly service. Shakes tasted great and is such a great value. I would definately come back here and bring my family. Very reasonable, the prices are so affordable.
5	How is it possible that it has taken me this long to review this little slice of Heaven? Who knows? Located in The South Point Hotel Casino. Cheap prices and un-outrageous portions are thre order of the day. If you want a quick bite, and would like the ability to walk afterwards, look no further my friend you have found your place. Sign up for their newsletter online and get a free burger on your birthday, let me repeat that a little louder I dont think all of you in the back of the room heard me. SIGN UP ONLINE AND GET A FREE BURGER ON YOUR BIRTHDAY!!!! as well as coupons all the time, I just used one! They have great milkshakes as well. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	YUM!The burger was fantastic, the fries were delicious (especially with the seasoning salt!), and the milkshake was the perfect ending to the meal.  Many different burger choices, too many milkshake flavors to choose from, and the ability to customize your burger how you want, fantastic!
4	The burger was amazing. The fries are good with the seasoning salt, but otherwise not my cup of tea. Service is fair. Price is pretty cheap.
2	Waited long for service, but its okay I understand since it was busy, but no apology?! That, im very disappointed. Especially the fact that the guy was behind, where I could clearly see him, by the kitchen talking to BOTH the manager and the hostess. During our meal? NOT A SINGLE SMILE! wouldnt come back here.Word of advice: go to johnny rockets. Same food,  much better service & nicer staff.
4	First time here stopped in on my way back into town and gotta say its pretty good. I don't know why I waited so long to try it out. Prices are unreal. Definitely Budget friendly.
3	Two out of two burgers ordered were made wrong, but aside from that, the food is fast, cheap and easy. Decent burger. You can get a double with cheese and a pile of fries for $3.99! Tip - ask for grilled onions. There's no up charge! Good service too.
4	Food was good but had to get my own mustard and refill. no servers touching tables unless dropping something off to table. Talking to cooks more than tables.
3	I've been to Steak 'n' Shake locations in the south, and was thrilled to learn that they're expanding westward.  I made it a point to visit when I was in town recently. The good: With the word "shake" in your name, you'd better have a good one.  And they do!  Lots of choices in flavors, even the opportunity to combine flavors for no extra charge.   The not-so-good:Their food wasn't as solid as other locations I've been to.  It felt and tasted more like fast-food than the fast-casual experience I've had before.  The verdict: It's worth a stop for their shakes for sure.  Service was average. The burgers aren't the best, but they're definitely A-OK!
2	A friend of mine who just got back from bootcamp/OCS in Georgia said that people there were raving about steak n' shake. Before heading out from vegas, we decided to stop by and try it out. I was extremely disappointed with the food. First off, the food portions were pitiful. I was able to down 2 triple steak burgers and not be satisfied. The patties fell apart and didn't taste all that great. The fries were definitely too salty. The only reason I am even giving this place 2 stars is because it doesn't cost an arm and a leg like the rest of the food in Las Vegas. If you want cheap shitty food while in vegas, this is your place. If I saw another steak n' shake anywhere else, I wouldn't even consider ever eating there.
4	Had to give the spot 4 stars... The place is cool the food is good & the price is Right :D plus its @ my Casino. SouthPoint :D perfect spot to chill, grub, burger, shake did I say chill? You gotta try it...
4	The $4 burger with 3 by 3 burger is delicious and an amazing. The meat didn't taste like steak, just a normal hamburger. Still satisfies  just as much as a rubies or Johnny rockets.
1	Just waited in line to be seated. We got our table. For 10 minutes we waited and watched waiter after waiter walk by. No one came to ask us what we would like to drink. No one came to take our order. I over exaggerated a few loud coughs as our waitress walked and she ignored us. We walked out and will not be back as our business is obviously not wanted.
4	Friday night after the Christmas holidays there was a wait to be seated but so worth the wait! I usually can't finish my burger but I was surprised of myself how delicious it was and next thing I knew, burger gone! I had the strawberry banana milkshake that was heaven to my taste buds!
3	So the feeling that you get when you enter a Steak 'n Shake is an old school 50s kind of diner. If you have been to a Johnny Rockets, it has the same kind of feel to it. It isn't something I'm particularly use to since I don't go to places like that often. I don't know the variety of foods that they served in those old school diners, but I would expect a wide range of foods, but here, it's pretty much burgers and sandwiches.When I went with my party, our party was too big to sit on one table and the larger table they had was taken up and so they had to break us up into two booths which were adjacent, which wasn't bad, but not ideal for social interaction. When we sat down, it took a while before our server came with our waters and a while before we got our orders taken, which was just a bit annoying. After we ordered, the second table that we had ordered the same time as my table, and somehow got their food and milkshakes around 10 minutes before our table, which is quite baffling to me. When our food came, it was pretty much what we ordered which composed of some burgers and sandwiches. Our server didn't come by very often to fill up our water or come by to check up on us, which would be nice to do at least once throughout our meal and not just at the very end, but it's alright, at least we didn't ask for anything major.The food selection here is nothing too special. This isn't the type of Denny's style diner where they have a wide array of food to choose from, just some burgers, sandwiches, chili, milkshakes, and I can't remember anything else really. This isn't my type of food to eat very often, but my friends wanted to pay this place a visit and they do have a decently cheap menu, which was a bonus. If you wish to pay this place a visit, I would say just go, but don't expect anything too special.
3	Ever have one of those moments where the experience doesn't exactly live up to the hype? Unfortunately, that was Steak 'n Shake. Which is so sad, since I've enjoyed many a late night meal at Steak 'n Shake across IL and MO. And since Las Vegas is as far west as this diner chain reaches, was VERY excited to have a taste over the holidays. Maybe it's because we actually dined in (vs. pickup or drive-thru)? Or maybe it's because this Steak 'n Shake is inside a casino? Or maybe it's because it was bright as hell inside? Something just didn't feel right. (I was about to blame it on the clientele, but let's face it: Steak 'n Shake tends to attract the same type of customer no matter what part of the U.S. they're located. Overweight, loud, eating with their mouth open kind of people. Hey, it's cool, I'm from the Midwest!)Was the double steakburger as good as I remembered? Pretty much. I will say that it tastes WAY better from the comfort of your own home. After a night of bar hopping, of course. I did appreciate the two sides of melted cheese for dipping fries. I only asked for one and was given a second... Yay to gluttony squared!This particular location was extremely clean and well-lit, no complaints here. It just didn't feel like a slice of the real deal. But hey, that's why it's in Vegas! Next time, I'm getting it to-go.
5	WE LOVE STEAK 'N SHAKE.It was my husband's first time at one. Steak is his all-time favorite food. When I told him about this place, there was nothing that could stop him from trying their steakburgers. We loved our burgers. We got a chocolate fudge brownie shake. Heavenly. My husband was surprised at the size of the shake.The only problem we had was that we couldn't be cheesy and both sip on the shake at the same time. The booth tables were too big and if we tried to be "that couple," one of us had to awkwardly stand up halfway. Other than that, I recommend this place! Love it!
4	Inside the South Point casino, Steak 'n Shake has lean, thin burgers.  The burgers are so thin that you definitely want to order a double.  The edges of the patties are nicely charred and crispy and  I love the shoestring fries and huge dessert menu.  The decor is '50's style burger joint.  This place attracts a good size crowd, so be prepared for a little wait.  The prices are super reasonable with a good size $4 menu.
3	Went here with my girlfriend for a shake and burger. The shakes are absolutely amazing!! Lots of different varieties and flavors. Reaaaallly good. The burgers are ok at best. Real thin patties. All in all I'll definitely go back for some shakes.
5	review on shakes only!check this out at 1pm - half off on all shakes! the shakes are good too.
3	I've always liked the burgers here. Great price and great food. Burgers are fresh and tastes amazing. Only problem is the chili cheese fries. Although it sounds really good and tempting. Don't get it!!!! It's pretty much their fries with canned chili and canned cheese. It ruins the fries
4	This was a great experience altho the line was super mega long they got us in and out quickly!  I had a chicken sand. It was delightfully crunchy and spicy!  We set at the bar oh I almost forgot their shoe string fries are best with the special seasons that they keep right their at the table for your own personal use! I see many happy returns to this location. I took a picture of my butterfinger milkshake so enjoy the food porn lol. My phone didn't work inside the casino itself. So no meal pictures.
4	My friend, an Indiana native introduced me to this place as it's based in Indiana. This is apparently the only location on the west coast... yay Vegas! It's located inside South Point... kind of far from the strip. You can either take Las Vegas Blvd all the way down or hop on the I-15S and get off at Silverton if you are on the way back to LA or just exit Silverton from I-15N if you are heading to Vegas. My friend raved about this place, stating how much she missed it and that it was pretty  much all she missed about Indiana! She ordered 4 for the road... I just ordered one burger and one order of chicken strips for the drive home. I must say, prices are cheap!! The royale was about $5 and included fries. A royal comprised of a double patty, an egg, and bacon... and it was greasy goodness. The patties are charbroiled and have a crispy edge. I would say go for the double because a single is really thin and the meat to bun ratio will mean too much bun. The chicken strips and fries were $4 and it came with 3 strips and fries... I had 4 strips however, but I think it's because 2 were smaller. The fries are the thin shoestring one and they have seasoned fries too for an extra 29 cents. I opted for the salt and pepper and the garlic parmesan. I would go for the garlic parmesan again. I don't know if I would go off the strip for them as I don't like to be off the strip when I'm in Vegas... however it is a good option when you're coming in/out of Vegas. It's very casual and diner style here. You can either eat in or go to the take out window to order. I'm def a fan of this place and am glad my friend introduced me to something new and not native to California. My friend said the shakes are also really good. I read there there is happy hour where the drinks are half off! All single patty burger with fries are $4 and the specialty ones are different prices. I think the highest I saw was probably $6. Food here is very cheap. Try it! If you don't like it, at least it didn't cost a lot of money!
5	I seem to get the same server by chance and she's my favorite! Great good at a great price! Chocolate covered strawberry milk shake...nuff' said
3	Been here a couple of times, food taste great! I love their Patty Melt (frisco melt). Second time service wasn't that great and got our orders wrong. Shakes are not as creamy but they gave a large selection.
1	We were very excited to try the burger and waited in line for about 40 minutes. Then nightmare started as our server didn't attend to us until 20 minutes after. We ordered 3 burgers and waited close to 40 minutes. I figured this cheap burger better be good after waiting that long!!! Finally our burgers came but lo and behold!!! We got a freaking cold burger!!! After that hellish experience, never again will we ever go to this place!!! Beware all ya'll!!!
4	I remember loving this place when I lived in Florida. It brought a lot of nostalgic memories back, and when I finally heard they were bringing it to Las Vegas I was stoked! It's cheap, affordable, and the burger is just divine. Of course, it is called "steak-and-shake" so if you're ordering a burger, you must accompany it with a shake. Choose. CHOOSE! From the array of selections and if you just can't decide, well you can make your own!My sister makes this wonderful shake that I highly recommend. It's an oreo shake mixed in with fresh bananas. The end result tastes just like banana cream pie. I tried their seasonal shake which was the salty caramel pretzel shake. I think the idea of salty and sweet was what bought me into that choice. However, I wasn't too fond as the flavors was just way to strong for my taste. Maybe a little too sweet? Or too salty? Or both? Not sure, but I'd give it that shake a 3. If you're into the salty and sweet, I'd recommend it, but in the end I did wish I got my favorite. The Turtle shake. Delish! A perfect combo of chocolate, caramel, and nuts. I also recommend their mushroom and swiss burger, chili, and spaghetti. Something about that beef makes you want to "steak-it-and-shake-it" haha get it?Anyway, if you're looking to have a little casual fun with a throwback diner feel, and an affordable place to take a date, lunch, dinner, or what not. This could be your go-to spot. You can go wrong with sharing a good shake. FOR TWO PLEASE! :)
3	If you have never had SnS before (like me), I would explain it as a cross between In N Out and Smashburger.  Too bad it doesn't outshine either IMO :(The patties are flattened super thin and charred on the edges.  Even though I ordered the doubles, it looks (and fills you up) like a single elsewhere.I tried the Western BBQ & Bacon ($4.99): Double Steakburger, American Cheese, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Fried Onions & BBQ Sauce. The burger patties are super thin, cripsy and delicious...just not that filling! Good price though. Also tried a Cookies & Cream Milkshake ($3.49): Chunky Cookie Pieces & Whipped Cream. Good shake and good price. Don't expect extraordinary, and you will enjoy it! It's probably better/cheaper than most other choices in Southpoint, but I wouldn't drive to come eat here specifically again...just not my kind of burger!  But if I do find myself here again, I'd be willing to spend my $10 bill happily :)
3	have never eaten here before, so thought we would try it...be sure to order a double or triple, as the meat is paper thin...hamburger was good, and loved the crispy shoestring fries! the chocolate shake started out good, but at the bottom, the flavor went from good to bad...a strong chemical taste appeared, which left a bitter taste in our mouths...not sure if it was the choc syrup that was going bad or what, but will never get another shake there...too bad, because everything else was good, place was clean, etc...service was ok
5	I am simply ashamed of myself for not writing this particular review sooner.  Steak 'n Shake is so near and dear to my heart, back from my Texas days.I LOVE this place.  While there is almost always a line to wait (it's the only one in the valley, and probably for quite some distance), I'll always say it is worth it.The great-quality burgers and lightning speeds for insane prices (seriously, the most expensive dish on the menu is $8) is always fantastic.My favorite by far is the Mushroom Swiss Steakburger as it has my 3 favorite burger add-ons: mushrooms, onions, and Swiss cheese.  This fellow right here won't disappoint you nor will it break the bank.While the fry haters out there may disagree, I actually adore the shoestring fries.  The thinness of them allows them to be cooked more evenly, in a quicker fashion, and have the high potential of delivering that satisfying french fry crispiness.Oh, and the milkshakes are amazing as well.  I rarely order them since they are so calorie and sugar dense but they are soooooo good.Inside the South Point Casino, all the way in the back next to the newer Japanese restaurant, Zenshin.  =)
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!! Just went there this past weekend with my boyfriend and OMG their burgers and fries are so YUMMY!!. and the chili cheese fries are BOMB! and love the milkshakes!! Everything we ordered was great, service was good and the prices are AWESOME!! For both of us it was less then $20!! Can't go wrong.
5	The burger was awesome and they have really good fries. They are the shoestring type. The food came really quick. The staff was friendly.
4	Steak and Shake is comfort food for me since it's so popular in Florida. I'm just disappointed there's no breakfast menu at this location in Vegas
3	Good cheap burgers. Nothing fancy but it sure hits the spot. The meat is decent, probably 1/3 lb in size. The fries are okay. DO NOT put a s*** ton of their seasoning salt over your fries, like my boyfriend did. You'll just end up with a over seasoned, salty mess. I don't really enjoy the seasoning salt because there are too many herbs in it that you can't distinguish any individual flavor plus it makes you really thirsty. Service is average. Cute retro diner decor. Haven't tried the shakes because they're $4+ which makes them seem expensive in comparison. Burger and fries for under $4? Count me in.
4	Great burger spot. atmosphere is 50's/diner type. fries were crispy, I like the super skinny fries, nice change up from the average fast food place. I'd take their 4$ menu over any fast food place any day. The burger is really good, fresh ingredients, down right, just a great burger if you are in the mood for one. The service was quick, went there around 8pm. place was picked, got my food to-go in less than 5 minutes!
4	I definitely enjoyed the atmosphere and food from S'n'S. The line wasn't too terribly bad when we got there, but I know how long it can get! We went to celebrate my birthday and the waiter, although not the most attentive or friendly, was kind enough to bring me a specialized birthday treat. It was four of us, two people got dessert and we all had entree's and our tab was $30. I am not sure what kind of voodoo that is for Las Vegas, but I will take it! Considering the food was good and the price was right, I would definitely go back.
3	I have always liked making a stop at this place while at South Point Casino. Good food, friendly staff and a fun environment. I love that they have the options of different flavored fries. And mmmmm the chili is great as well. I will be back again when in the area for sure.
3	Not bad. Not amazing either. $4 meals makes it a great deal though. Theres a line to sit in and a line for takeout. Ordered the double burger which comes with fries for takeout. Took 5 minutes for them to fill the order. Wished I had tried a shake though but they looked to big for one person to finish.
5	Don't Pass this place. I hate to say it but it's better than In-N-Out! Really affordable! Great service. Just like a restaurant 5 stars!
2	We live nearby, eat here every week, and have always enjoyed the good food served with a smile..  Until yesterday.Our server couldn't understand my order, so brought another server to hear my order.. And then brought the wrong food anyway! We also ordered two milkshakes, which didn't show up at all..  We were tired trying to eat a simple meal, and left angry. Oh, and I left a penny tip. It will be some time before we go back, if ever.
3	Decent place to stop by for some food before a movie. Located in the back of the casino down the other set of stairs/escalators that lead directly into the theater. Old style diner designed interior to resemble the fast food places like 20-30+ years ago. My most recent visit, i had ordered a guacamole steakburger and a cookie dough milkshake. Their burgers tend to be smaller then you would expect, but its a decent size. Their fries are a bit thinner than a lot of places but still crispy and good. Add some seasoning and hot sauce (avail on table) and it will be good (applies to both fries and burger) Cookie dough milkshake was good. All the cookie dough kind of sank to the bottom and made it quite sweet XD Split checks is easy ! take it to the cashier and they'll split it up for you! The waiter takes order by seat number so it will be split to each person automatically when asked.
3	Burgers were great for the price, but don't expect a whole lot more than average.  I love the vibe of the place and the 50's diner feel to it.  French fries were very stringy, but I guess some people like them better that way.  More hash brown fries than anything.  Waitress was no fun at all and seemed to be at the end of her shift as she was very quick to take our order and didn't check back to refill drinks or see how our food was.Bottom line is, it's an interesting little place that is not a bad restaurant after a movie or a concert at South Point.  I would not recommend making any kind of special trip to check it out though.
4	My friend and I went here after chilling at the pool all day. We were starving and this def hit the spot! If you're looking for a classy burger joint, this isn't it... But if you're looking to stuff your face and not care how unattractive you look doing it.. I suggest you go here. I got the western bacon burger and I would have taken a picture but I was so hungry I forgot. The milkshakes were on point and huge. You totally get your money's worth. Their prices are about the same as Wendy's.
4	We are staying at the hotel and got in late-ish on Saturday night. After we got to our room we searched out a place where we could feed ourselves and our son. We glanced through the hotel binder and my husband said,"let's go to Steak and Shake." So we wandered down to the restaurant which was hopping at 830pm. It took about 15 minutes for us to get seated but that wasn't horrible. Our waiter was a bit slow to come to our table. He did have a couple large parties so that is probably the reason. My hubs got the sliders, my son the steak dog and me the guacamole burger. The place at a Johnny Rockets feel and in the last few years Rockets has been sliding into ick with food. So I wasn't expecting much. Our food arrived and then our shakes (which were only average). Our son went to town on his hot dog (he's picky about his dogs) which is a good thing. My hubs gobbled his sliders down. My guacamole burger surprised me by being really good. The guac was nicely flavored, the cheese had a little kick and the burger had flavor! All good!Less than $30 for the three if us and we were happily full. Excellent!
3	The first time i came here i loved the oreo shake. But the second time they messed it up. It didnt taste like it did before. They also have the same shakes everytime. They never change the flavors or make news ones like other restaurants do.
4	We LOVE Steak 'n Shake and were so excited when we happened upon one while in Las Vegas.  We seriously didn't think they existed in the west! My husband loves the Frisco Burger, I always get the single patty cheeseburger.  I love that they are comp[lately made to order so you can get them with whatever toppings you would like.  Their milk shakes are out of this world.  My husband is a real milk shake lover and thinks these are the best around.  I have never had a bad milk shake here. The only downside is that you have to walk through a smoky casino to get to the restaurant.
4	Good food, great value. I went with something more traditional "the original double and cheese burger". The shakes however are really good I would highly recommend the red velvet shake.
5	Best burger I've ever had in my life!  Fantastic.  The shakes are also amazing.  The service was so fast it blew my mind.  How do they make food THAT good so quickly?  The shoe string fries are just okay, but everything else is so good, I don't care.
2	Super weird experience here!!!!Positives-food is cheap -$4 burgers-$5 shakesNegatives-they sat us down at a table that still had the tip $$ from the pervious customers-our burgers took a little long to get to us-after about 5 mins of eating I needed a drink refill and my server never came up to check on me-I asked a busser that was cleaning a table if I could get another coke-a manager from the back came up to the table asking if there was a problem, I politely said everything was good just needed another coke, he said he would get right on it. Five mins later he is still joking around behind the counter and no refill-server comes to the table now 10 mins after the manager to check on us. Needless to say they did not get a tip. The food is cheap and that's great but customer service could have been a great deal better.
4	Average burgers! Cheap prices! Went today and it was happy hour so half price shakes and fries. Had the chocolate covered strawberry shake. Tasted amazing. Every time we come we're never disappointed!
2	I'm not a huge fan of this restaurant.  The biggest disappointment is that the shakes taste artificially flavored.  The is the authentic Steak 'n Shake experience, in the Las Vegas desert.  If you love this chain, this has the same quality food and dining experience.
5	LOVE Steak n Shake! Live about 1 mile from the south point casino and visit this Steak 'n Shake at least once a week! Never had any problem with the friendly staff, I'm a picky eater and tend to make my orders more difficult than most haha sorry!  However they always get my order correct with no problems!Usually get the double n cheese or western bbq along with a shake! Strawberry banana is by far my favorite! Oreo mint cookies n cream is also very good!Btw! Half price shakes mon-fri 2pm-4pm :D
1	I am not usually one to leave reviews for fast food restaurants because most know what to expect. This one is on floor of SP almost out of the tourist area. It is not the high traffic area and because of that the place was pretty empty. We arrived and waited ten minutes to be seated despite 5 or 6 wait staff standing around chatting and many open tables. Once seated we waiting another 10 minutes for our order to be taken. 30 minutes passed and we still hadn't gotten our drinks, so we stopped the waiter and asked him. His reply was "O yeah" no apology or anything else. Ten minutes later he brought the drinks. So an hour after stepping in the door we had and ice tea and a water at the table. The food followed in another 15 minutes. 55 minutes for a burger and fries in a half empty restaurant?I tried to say something to the manager, who was working as a cashier, when I paid my bill. His attitude was this is a fast food joint, what do you expect? Do not stop here if you actually want fast (as in quickly) food, or good service go somewhere else.
1	Big disappointment! I thought by the long line the food would be pretty good, but I was very wrong. We ordered take-out and when I got back to my room the chili beans had a 1/4 inch layer of fat that had already set on the top of the container - gross!!! In n out is way better and has more flavor and fresh ingredients. Everything was saturated in grease. When they say "buttery" they mean greasy. My husband said the beans and burger had the same "tang" to it. The young woman who took my order was very nice but I won't try this place again.
5	Why is there no Steak N Shake in California?? WHY?I got the original triple patty burger and a patty melt. I don't know what there is to say except: Forget any other burger joint that you've ever come to know and love, for words do not do this place justice--you just have to have a burger from here before you die, but hopefully sooner. MAKE THIS A MUST-STOP DESTINATION ON YOUR WAY TO OR BACK FROM VEGAS! It's located in the South Point casino about 15 minutes before you hit the strip. Trust me, you will not be disappointed. Milkshakes are, however, another story. You're welcome.
5	My Favorite place to come to whenever I come to Vegas. We usually come here at least 3 different times during our visit. That's how much we like this place.I always get the Royal Burger. And I have never been disappointed. The patty is always nice and juicy, the fried egg on top is a nice touch. All around just a great burger.And the Strawberry Banana milkshake is perfect. Nice and thick, with chunks of banana and strawberry pieces. I already want another one If you come to Vegas stop at SouthPoint and try this place its a must.
5	During our week trip in Vegas, we ate here twice. Once at about 9:00pm with the Wife, we shared a Frisco Melt and shake. One word - AWESOME!! That is why the next day we brought the whole family for lunch so she could have a Frisco to herself. I tried the triple burger. The kids had items from the kids menu, they were all happy with their choices and I enjoyed the triple. Will make sure to eat here again when I return to Vegas.
4	I wouldn't really ever go out of my way to come here unless I'm already at South Point. If I'm staying at the hotel, Steak 'n Shake is super convenient and the food is good. Burgers, fries, and tasty shakes.
2	If you are craving a really awesome burger, or an authentic shake,this is NOT  the place for you! However, if you're on a tight budget and have picky kids that have no sense of taste then go for it. I got the steak guacamole burger, it was only $5.95. You get what you pay for. It was "meh" but it did fill the belly. Especially didnt like the skinny fries. I also ordered the chili for $1.95 and all I got were beans and pepper soup. Kid meals are $3.95 and milkshakes taste like they scooped ice cream out of a carton and put it in a glass.
3	This place was ok. The prices were surprisingly affordable. I ordered from the $4 menu. Single steakburger with bacon. They serve plenty of fries with your burger as well. I didnt find anything great about the food but it is cheap. Also had the brownie with vanilla ice cream and the cookie with vanilla ice cream. The desserts were very good. The cookies and brownie were both very warm and soft.
5	One of our favorite places to eat. Something to satisfy everyone.  The burgers have plenty of toppings. The chicken has just enough crisp on outside and tender inside. The atmosphere is casual and fun. 50's music.
5	If you are low on funds but want to go out to eat, this is definitely the place to go. The food is cooked to order and is served nice and hot. The chicken tenders are very tasty, the fries are seasoned well and the milkshakes are.......sinfully delicious! Do not come here if you're dieting cause you'll fall off the wagon. But your taste buds will Thank you....insert smiley face here.
5	came here for the chili spagetti got it 5 way was really good ! other food looked good waiter was supernice can wait to go back!
4	This is my late night snack spot while in Vegas. Tasty burgers and fries (love the chili cheese ones) ,and shakes . The wait is sometimes long because it's a popular place but it's worth it and the food is very reasonably priced . The only thing that could be improved on is the service .
1	I was staying at the Grandview Resort with the family and we wanted something nearby to eat that would satisfy everyone's craving. Unfortunately, I didnt get a chance to eat here. This is a review for my inconveniencing experience with the business. 1. The website says they have ON LINE ORDERING, but this location doesn't have it. 2. We tried to order by phone for pick up.  The phone number on Yelp is the number for South Point Hotel, not the restaurant. 4. I was transferred to the restaurant and was told they do not accept phone orders.
5	I grew up eating at Steak n Shakes all over the midwest, so my 5 star review is as much for nostalgia as it is for the food and service.  Chili mac is my absolute favorite.  Though it may not be for everyone, spaghetti topped with spicy beef and ketchup. I LOVE it!  Also, the shoestring fries are crisp and hot.  And you cant beat the prices.  I believe they have a few meals for under $4....now thats a bargain!
4	Great place for burgers.. Due to the location, lines can be really lengthy. You need to have patience.
1	The service sucked, went on a Sunday night it took forever to get seated in a Vegas restaurant ON A SUNDAY!!! It was horrible.And our server was so un attentive, she would only come by twice the whole time we were there. And she kept saying that our milkshakes were in the way, but me and my family noticed that people who arrived after us were already getting their milk shakes and we were still waiting for ours to come.Then when our food arrived the burgers and fries were EXCELLENT, but our shakes still have yet to arrive.... So after we finished our burgers and fries the waitress gives us our check but we still did not have our milk shakes. And when we finally get them the shakes were horrible, it was gooey and frozen not like any other milk shake I have ever tried... Basically the shakes and service is why I am only giving 1 star....I will not be coming back, people just go to in n out its cheaper and the burgers and shakes are amazing, and the service is way better
3	I love steak and shake but this one is franchised not a corporate location and things are a bit different, and of course casino locations don't often honor things. This location does not honor free kids meals but does do the half price shakes from 2 to 4. Today we all went, 13 of us and instead of putting us together they seated us at 3 different tables. One by the door, one about midway and one over on far wall. What the hell? Who seats people like that? Our waiter was nice at first but after taking orders we never saw him again until much much later. Our table of 4 had eaten, all our drinks were empty, our shakes had still not come and the other 2 tables we were with had finished their meals and shakes long before our food or shakes came out. We finally got our waiters attention and he asked if anybody had brought our shakes, ummmm no, they have not. He brought them a few minutes later in to go cups stating they were out of regular glasses but to us the cups looked smaller,  they said they weren't but they appeared to be. I've had the garlic burger at other locations but here they fix it differently. When I've had it it arrives with a glaze on the bun and has the white garlic sauce on it but at the Vegas location it arrived with meat and bun and nothing else. The bun looked nothing like the picture,  there was no sauce or anything. When I inquired I was told this was how they do it at this location and told they have don't put anything on it but they did offer to bring me some garlic mayonnaise. I have no idea why a garlic burger does not come with the garlic mayo on it to begin with, odd that. I'll go back to a regular location but not this one.
4	friggin sweet!i am in vegas with the family for my son's BMX race thing....the competition is in the south point hotel so..we are newbie's at this whole thing and didn't realize that when you show up to competition...that you are here ALL DAY LONG! now i wish we had gotten a room at this hotel ...ugh..so kids are hungry and we have to feed them without breaking the bank.The folks behind us in the stands told us about Steak and Shake ...and its in the hotel! so we headed on over there...there was a line both for a table and to go...(2 separate lines...that's really smart)we opted to stay...i don't know about you but i think a meal should be consumed at a table NOT off your lap sitting in the bleachers...Just a note...i am not eating right now or for the near future...so i didn't consume any of the food...so the food taste is based on the opinions (which i trust) of my family.kids each had a single cheeseburger with bacon and fries ($4 each)hubby had a double cheeseburger and fries (also $4)...i had a diet coke....$2...service was ridiculously fast, ridiculously over the top friendly, and amazing!food LOOKED AMAZING!!! both hubby and kids LOVED it all! they said that in a similar burger category, that this killed it! i liked my diet coke...the guy even brought me one "to go", when he brought me a box for my daughters leftovers.I believe we will return for the kids lunch or dinner todayi wish they had one in San Diego...only bummer...the kids were cold at the BMX event...i wanted to buy a Steak and Shake sweatshirt...but they are only available online..boo they could have made quite a bit of money off of me if they sold sweatshirts in store!
3	The burger I got was something really simple - two burger patties with grilled onions and Wisconsin butter. The butter totally melted through the bottom bun so it got sickening over bit.The Straw-nilla shake is super yummy though. I'm not sure if it's something spectacular but somehow that first sip it definitely got me wanting more. I think they use Blue Bunny ice cream - not sure if that makes a difference. I'll take my friends here if they don't have it in their hometown because it appears on the list of "20 chains that should be in every state" but if not, I'm not sure I'll be back for a while.
5	Stuck on Vegas with a broken down honda and staying at the hotel.  Vegas location inside South Point hotel. You can't beat it. Prices are so low, prob because it's inside but you cannot complain. Expect a little wait since it's very very busy yet again, can't beat a great diner burger and shoestring fries. My son ordered a shake and it was excellent as well. Best waiter so far in Vegas is here, Walter, he kicks ass! Peace!
2	I ordered the original double n' cheeseburger with a chocolate milkshake. Seriously, what is the the hype? You Mid-Westeners need to come to Southern California or Nevada and try what a regular burger is all about at INNO. The fries are puny. The shake was ok. Nothing special. I've had much better shakes at INNO or Baker's in California. Steak N' Shake needs to put out a better product if they want to succeed in Santa Monica. One good point I do give them is the friendliness of their staff at their Vegas location in the South Point.
4	Wow, you can get a great burger and fries in a Vegas casino for under $5? And a great burger too. Wish we had this in Canada.
4	Giving a 4 star but based off entire table meal should of been a 3 or 3.5... Our first time at a Steak 'n Shake ever. I had a cup of chilli with cheese.... Excellent!... An order if fries with Parmesan season ..... Good but I'm just not a fan of shoe string fries.... Add steak fries to this place then were talking 5 stars.... I ordered apple chicken salad and it was great but you can't go wrong with salad..... My husbands burger was ok it was way over cooked and dry but we were never offered a temp for the burger... We ordered a banana peanut butter shake... Woo hoo good! Next time ask for some pink on burger ?? Overall I loved it and my kids would too!!
5	Fantastic food and service!  I go there all the time because it is a lot cheaper and easier than spending time making a meal!
5	Lived in Missouri for 14 years and Steak and Shake is a staple so when we saw that South Point had steak and shake we were excited.. It didnt let us down pretty crowded but the food was great.  We dine in and also had take out .  !!
1	This was the worst experience ever!!  I went here on a Thursday afternoon and they weren't even that busy.it took the waiter 10 min to acknowledge us and another 20 min just to bring us our water,and we only got that because we had to get up and ask for it.we ordered a simple cheeseburger and shake.the people that arrived after us with more food received there first.we finally got our food and it was ok.worst service ever!! Definetly not going back
4	The menu offer value meals of steak burgers with fries for under $4. You can get the original, double, and even a triple burger with fries for $4! Shakes costs more than the meal though, but worth every penny.
1	Michelle at the take out register has a bad attitude . Giving it to everyone too. Either she need better training or get better costumer service. Told someone in a ride voice , "number 15? Yeah I've been calling that out for a while now" smh.
5	I love Steak and Shake! I first tried this when I was visiting Illinois and it was the best thing eeeeever! I remembered seeing that there was one in Vegas. Had to makes stop here! This is inside the South Coast casino! Plenty of parking! Make a stop here and hit up the a outlet that is nearby!
1	I've never been to this chain before and decided to visit the take-out line at Southpoint hotel.  What a disappointment this experience was, unfortunately.  I ordered a small strawberry shake and a small chocolate shake (~$3 each).  There were frost chunks in the shake.  Eww.  Also, the order and pick up line was disorderly and painfully slow.  I'm holding out hope that the chain will be better when I visit the Midwest one of these days.Other important info:  Inside Southpoint hotel, take-out line available, and located at the bottom of the stairs of the movie theater.
5	Their $4 meals can not be beat. I find their burgers to be excellent in their own rite, but when you can get a triple hamburger with fries for $4, no one else even comes close. Whenever we go to Las Vegas we ALWAYS eat there at least once. This trip, we will eat there 3 times. So freakin good!
2	I went to the one in the Southpoint. I have heard people claim that this is the best they have ever had. I found the burger OK, but not as good as a Big Mac. The fries are easily the best thing, and worth trying. Food, like taste in music and film, is subjective. This is just my POV. The service for the take out was good, and friendly.
4	Always hits the spot! Amazing burgers and not to mention fantastic shakes. Onion rings are one of the best i've tasted. Clean location located inside South Point Hotel and Casino. Till we meet again!
4	Our food was delivered fast. Prices were bomb. Our food with desert under 25.00 for 3 people. Our waitress was very attentive. We will be coming back, food is great!!!!!
4	the appearance is grand. like a little fifties diner. the food is really good and all only cost 4 dollars! they have a very large selection on milkshakes. 5 dollars milkshake. the wait to be seated if always around 20-30 minutes. been here on many occasions the servers are great and they have a large seating. the wait for the food is alright considering the amount of people the serve. they even have a separate line for to-go.the location is inside of southpoint casino. they even have a bowling alley and arcade right next to it! this has to be one of my favorite places to eat out.
4	August 1, 2014Oh Steak N Shake! I love your $3.99 burger and fries deal! Never have I ever seen prices like this for burgers! Their milkshakes are uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh YA-UM! I wasn't hungry before I ordered, but right when my food arrived, I ate like I was starving for days. Come and experience what I experienced! You will surely be satisfied.
4	Steak and shakeA place with an old school feel that is timeless.I like the price range of the food.You can't go wrong with the shakes. Haven't gone wrong yet.Sometimes the fries are too salty or half cooked.The best thing I've eaten so far is the Frisco patty melt. Small I'm size but awesome to taste. Love the crispness of the bread. Overall it isn't top rated but definitely a place of simplicity that balances well with the Las Vegas experience.I'd definitely come back. :)
1	They only gave 1 table for parties of 4 or more and the policy of joining tables for larger parties isn't allowed??? What type of BS is that? Crappy hostess greeting with a shitty attitude problem. No thanks, I'd rather eat at a hot dog stand on a street corner. A-holes.
2	I came here with really high hopes because my wife and daughter came in and ate here on their last trip to las vegas (were from California). We arrived to a sizable line but got seated in maybe 10 mins top. The food is pretty good and prices are dirt cheap! 3 people can eat for under $25. I would have given them 4 stars but the service was complete shit! Our waiter came once to us and it was to give us our food. I was dying of thirst as well as my daughter.  We never had the chance to ask for other items we needed such as ketchup, water,  napkins etc..... our waiter never came back to see if we needed anything or to even tell us good bye.  Pro's: very inexpensive,  food is good.Con's: horrible service.
4	Take me back to the old days of burgers and shakes! A replica of "Arnold's" from Happy Days is what it is all about here. Great burgers, shakes and different flavors of fountain drinks! Definitely a must when in the area of the South Point Hotel and Casino. Also a favorite of the hotel guest!
4	Steak 'n Shake brings back a lot of good memories of growing up in the midwest. Of being bored at 2 a.m. and hanging out there cause it was the only place in town that was still awake.Unfortunantly, this location seems to be one of of the few Vegas establishments that ISN'T open 24hrs.  Which was a real bummer because on at least 2 occasions we tried to go there and it was closed. (Fool me once....)When you do get in, expect a wait at peak times, and slow service at all times.Food is spot on-classic-Steak 'N Shake though.
1	This place has long waits, the service sucks, and their food is extremely greasy. Don't go here unless you want to feel sick.
1	Paper thin burgers, horrendous service and lackluster everything else. I've stayed at SouthPoint several times, and all of the restaurants are good, with one notable exception - Steak and Shake. I guess this is some kind of chain, but I don't see where they get off using the word 'steak' to describe anything about the food. The service is equally bad. To sum things up, just stay away!Let's start with service. Hostess was rude, took us to a table, we requested a booth instead (2 were open), her response was "you should've told me before!" There was no sign and she should have asked or at least tried to accommodate us... So we sat at the table and finally got service (it took a good while - honestly I didn't count/clock it). After being asked to repeat ourselves, the server went off to place the order. The whole staff seemed downtrodden with the exception of the register attendant, who asked me if everything was to my liking, but I couldn't break it to her... Food... Paper-thin, overdone patty; decent veggies; bun was soggy... Just too gross to eat. Fries were also soggy and underdone, but ok to eat. I also had a milkshake that almost passed as decent except for the strange whip cream and cherry job. The cherry was flattened and whip cream was strangely distributed. Looked like a 5 year old made it. I've had better at fast food chains. My partner had a chicken salad which looked good - I'd get that if forced to go back.Atmosphere... Lots of screaming children. If you like Johnny rockets, you might like the decor. Mostly clean. Downtrodden staff.The food is relatively cheap, but it's just bad. If you want something cheap, there's a hot dog cart on the casino floor that sells 75 cent hit dogs. Coronado cafe is also a better option; spend a little extra, get so much more! If you're feeling nostalgic, get the hot dog anyway because the food here is gross, the staff was either rude or downtrodden, and tons of screaming children. Just 'NO!'
4	great food for great prices!!!!! the burgers aren't big so when you see almost every burger as a double don't freak out!!! the chili is one of the better I have had in a long time and the shakes are wonderful!!! there has ALWAYS been a line to get in each time I have been here, so be prepared to wait... but it is worth it!!!!
2	I've been here a few times since my review and nothing has changed. The food is still delicious and it came out quickly. We waited about 15 minutes, which wasn't bad. The staff, however, was still absolutely unfriendly. Our server never came back to grab us refills and handed us the check halfway through the meal before even asking us if we planned on getting shakes or anything.I am a server. I know what it's like to be "in the weeds", but there were clearly an adequate number of servers on and about 6 or 7 were just standing behind the counter, so being understaffed wasn't the problem. I don't know if they're trained to get the customer in and out since they're always busy, but it just irritates me that the staff sucks so badly. I'll most likely go back because the food is amazing, but the service is some of the worst I've ever seen.
4	After reading some of the previous reviews I guess you have to be from the Southeast to under stand how prolific steak and shake really is. I remember going to my first one in Florida before they moved the chain outside of the state. Due to this I understand why people will wait in line for this place.To our most recent experience. The line was semi long when we got there but we were seated in a matter of 15 minutes. We all had shakes, my favorite is the Strawnilla side by side shake (half strawberry, half vanilla). The best thing on the menu in my opinion is the Frisco melt and there chilli is great. The food was good and the price beats Johnny Rockets anyway. We will be back! The service at our visit was a little slow so that is why I didn't give 5 stars.
4	This place is unassuming-ly good! Burgers are great, portions are good, shakes are awesome and service are perfection even for a dinner! Did I mention their prices are so affordable and open late! overall will come back for more.
4	Steak 'n shake not this one in particular hold a lot of memories for me. In my hometown my grandparents managed one my whole childhood. Las Vegas only has one location in south pointe casino and they are always busy, every once in a while I can sneak in and beat the line. My suggestion is get some stand alone locations. The milk shake at this place are always amazing! you can tell they are homemade and use fresh ingreedients. The steakburgers are a little small but delish and always flavorful! They have steakfranks and they are also good, I get them from time to time. I have always wished they had bigger fries, but they did improve them with adding seasoning like garlic herb wish makes them sooooo good!!! You would think instead of shoestrings they would have steak fries to go with the name..lol I will always love me some steak n shake and they do their customers right which is another plus once i got someone elses order and didn't notice til I was on the highway heading home and I called the store they send me coupons in the mail for 2 free burgers, fries and shakes that's what i call awesome customer svc!!
4	I have been going here for the burgers since I was a kid. But this year I found my favorite Steak 'n Shake milkshake (you know, for now...). I can't believe it has taken me this long to find the Peanut Butter Banana Milkshake.
4	I live in the Midwest for a while and really enjoyed Steak N Shake.  So I was very happy when this location opened.  I always get the chili 5 way, which I love, so can't speak to the quality of their other dishes.  If you come on a weekend the wait can still be a bit ridiculous so I highly recommend coming during the week.
1	Let me say that I've been dining at Steak n' Shake since I was a kid in Florida. I've been to this restaurant often since they opened a few years ago. I've taken friends there and have been happy to share the place with those who have never heard of it. But this franchisee is violating their contract as of late.I went there with my friend Friday for lunch and I can tell you it was nothing but horrible. First they brought us our shakes in styrofoam to-go cups, uh...we're dining-in here. When we complained they mostly said tough, we've run out of glassware. After that, people around us were getting their shakes in glassware. On top of this the milkshakes were horrendous. They tasted like frozen fast food product and had a very icy texture like a Wendy's Frosty. They were definitely not the hand dipped ice cream milk shakes I have enjoyed all of my life at Steak N Shake.Then when the burgers came I took one bite and could tell it didn't taste proper plus I couldn't see any cheese. I told the waitress and she stuck her fingers in between the patties and showed me the cheese, like 3 or 4 little melted specks. I said it doesn't taste right and sent it back. She said that she would have to make another one since she stuck her fingers in it, how gracious of her, but to which I responded my appetite is lost, just take it off the bill. I tried to complain to the manager, an Indian lady named Naryet or something like that and she basically blew me off. My friend was hungry and went on to eat his and later paid dearly for it. He called me that evening complaining of severe stomach pains and vomiting.This franchise is cutting corners and I am sure are in violation of their contract. They have no understanding of the ambiance and mystique of the classic American burger diner that Steak N Shake exemplifies. This is what happens when irresponsible franchisees run businesses like this and the franchiser doesn't pay attention and just counts the money. I really hated to see this since living in Vegas is a far different experience from the south where I grew up. It was nice to go to that restaurant and feel like a little bit of nostalgia existed but it's gone.
5	My husband loves this place and we had only seen them when in the they were only in the Midwest.  So when we were driving through Vegas and saw a sign for one we had to stop.  They did not disappoint, the food was good, the service was great, and as always the shakes were delicious.  It's a great place to grab a quick meal or a sweet treat.
5	Me n my son live here! The shakes are amazing and the meals are really cheap ! Don't go here if ur on a diet!
2	I have been here a couple times and my favorite thing about it is the fact that it's the most affordable place to eat at South Point. The prices are great ($4 meal deals!), but the food on its own is really just bland. Plus, you'll probably have to wait an usually long time for it... which normally wouldn't bug me but come on, it's just diner food.The main problem I have had with this restaurant is their cleanliness. My first time here I was served a glass with a red lipstick stain and on my second visit there was a large orange stain on my cloth napkin. Very far from classy. But I suppose you get what you pay for, right?
4	Located inside the South Point Hotel and Casino is the much famed Steak and Shake. This was the best value foodwise that we had in Las Vegas. Their burgers are very inexpensive and very delicious. The overall atmosphere is that of a 1950s soda and burger shoppe. Delicious and juicy burgers and thin and crispy fries. Service was prompted and courteous as well. I didn't get a shake or malt this time but when I go to one of these places locally I see a chocolate malt in my future. So if you want a good burger but don't want to spend a ton of money then check out Steak and Shake! You will be glad that you did!
1	Filthy floor, marginal service, good shake.  Waitress gave no napkins, offered no refill on coffee and had to be tracked down for bill.  Cashier didn't care we said it was not a good experience.  Most of all - filthy.
2	I came here at around 9:00 with a group of 8. When we were taking our"reservation" and we said 8 she rolled her eyes and said 40 min. We wanted and finally we got seated in a small both that was made for 6 as we are not the skinnier of people we were very squished . We order and it took maybe 30 min to get it food. We ordered milkshakes and got them way after we finished our food. The food was really good. We went 2 days after and got the same lady and again with the eye rolling. She got the number of people in our group and then the lady behind us had the same number of people and got seated first so we asked why and she said they were here before shop we went to cafe Coronado cafe
2	Highly overrated. Decided to give this place a try today and I won't be returning. I went to the take out window which took unusually long. I ordered 3 sliders, fries and a strawberry shake. The sliders were mostly break with a wafer thin later of meat. The fries were cold and extra crunchy, almost tasted stale. The strawberry shake was awesome though. They should stick to what they know how to do ...shakes.
5	The line is always long here - so may I suggest getting it to-go and finding a seat outside of the restaurant! Food is delicious and super cheap. Ordered the Royale Burger which is a cheeseburger with a fried egg and a side a fries for a whopping price of $5.95! Amazing! Tasted 100x better than McDonalds for less the cost! Also tried the Vanilla/Strawberry side by side milkshake. BOMB! Tons of flavors of shakes to try from, can't wait to go back and try the rest.
5	My new favorite place during a Vegas run! Very affordable prices! Just to give you a hint, kids meals are like $2.50! Their burgers are addicting. No grease on your Patty at all! Super thin crunchy fries. Best Burger diner inside south point.
5	Went here just before seeing a movie right upstairs.I ordered the all new Royale (double burger, cheese, bacon, tomato, mayo, and an egg).My wife ordered the guacamole burger (two patties, red onion, pepper jack cheese, guacamole).We also ordered a double fudge shake which they split into two glasses for us.Everything was delicious especially the shake. We told each other that next time, we're getting our own shake. Most of the burgers are doubles because the meat is smaller than we thought. But the burgers were still filling. I couldn't finish mine.They burgers come with a side of thin, crispy fries. For a dollar more you can add chili and cheese.The prices are great and we will be going back.
4	Our trips to south point are always highlighted by a trip to S&S. We love the shakes and enjoy the cheap burger and fingers specials. Service here is never quick. There is always a wait. The restaurant is never overly clean. The service is friendly and the food is fresh. Personally, that works for me!
4	Thoughtful service.  Yummy shakes and burgers.  Not a huge fan of their fries; though hubby likes them.  The Spaghetti Chilli is also one of his faves.  Enjoyed the Rodeo crowd last night immensely!  Giddy up!
4	The shakes are extremely tasty and have a wide variety to choose from, chili fries are pretty decent and the burgers sent half bad they are a tad bit small but they are juicy and packed with flavor.
4	The staffs are really friendly here. They're so nice, always coming to check up on you. The line is a bit ridiculous to get in but I guess I came on a busy day. Once inside, it takes them a while to bring you the water and after you order, it takes about 20-25 mins to get your food so you can start eating. The speed of the restaurant is really really slow. Like idk what they do back there but they're really slow lol. On the other hand, the food was very delicious. I loved it. The shake is great, the burger is greesy but it's like greesy good. Greasy? But yeah, it's really really good. They have this really spicy jelopeno vinegar sauce that is to die for! I definitely recommend this to everyone who loves burgers to come here and try it. The only problem that I may see people having problem with is the slowness. But hopefully you enjoy it and hopefully this helps! :)
4	Living near South Point, Steak 'n Shake is a good option for me when I want something cheap. Plus their shakes are awesome! That being said, the food is usually pretty bland. I usually end up putting salt and pepper on everything. Other than that, the servers are always very friendly and I've never experienced any problems with cleanliness as some others have mentioned.
5	I like this place! Home made style burgers and the shakes are great!! My total check for a double, fries, and a shake was under 10 bucks!!! Nice spot
3	Great prices but not so great food. I had the single steak burger with cheese. The burger was meh quality, nothing special but the portion of fries was large so worth the money.
5	Growing up as a kid my dad always talked about a Steak n Shake back home in St. Louis. He said the burgers are great and the beans even better. The chili is thick and hearty and the shakes are like eating it out of the ice cream shop fresh.I wasn't going to St. Louis anytime soon the try the food....lol. I was so happy to hear the opened one up in Las Vegas! Not that far of a dive to get to and hey I can always stay in Las Vegas for a bit right! Awesome.I had high expectations going in....they hit every one of them for me too. I love this place, it's exactly how my dad described it. I like the decor and the simple menu. The burgers are almost paper thin but yet full of flavor and juicy. The buns are soft and sweet. I love the thin fries and the garlic thing they put on it. The shakes are super thick and fresh. Every time I go to Las Vegas, it's a must we stop and bring a bunch home as well. Just order them with everything on the side and they reheat just fine!
2	We always come to Steak N Shake when we're craving burgers and we literally live on the other side of town (NW/Centennial area), usually everything is great but this recent visit was terrible. At least at the end. When we went to divide our orders the cashier was really rude. She questioned our orders like it was our fault they put them together. My friend accidentally got a milkshake put on her order & when we told her it wasn't supposed to be there she said "so you DONT have milkshakes?" & gave us attitude. Then when we paid she kept sighing like she was annoyed. When she saw that I grabbed a "how was your experience" number she looked down at her name tag & took it off!! Then when my other set of friends paid she instantly turned her frown around. Usually it takes a lot for us to complain but this was a terrible cashier. Couldn't take her name down but we got a picture.
2	Food was fine. We came on New Year's Day. & people were still coming in till 12am. First of all, the hostess was very very rude. Not to us but to the people in front of us. They mentioned something about wanting a booth still even though they were just ordering shakes. The hostess pointed at the TAKEOUT window & said "there's take out right over here" which triggered my attention.Anthony or tony was out server. Service was fine at first. My friend had spilled water before the food came. Instead of tony offering to clean it up. He just threw napkins down & never tried to clear the glass or ice left on the table. Upon paying, we were the last to leave. The lady (cashier) seemed to have the biggest attitude because we wanted to split the check 3 ways for 6 people. As she noticed I took a "how was your visit" slip in front of her. She quickly took down her name tag & started being nice. Didn't give us receipts & when we did ask for it; she asked why. What?!!! Are you joking. Terrible staff. I get it it's NEW YEARS DAY. (It's not New Year's Eve anymore you shouldn't have to be itching to get out) I work in the food industry & I tried giving them the benefit of the doubt but this was beyond terrible service. Teach these 3 how to smile & be polite/courteousPs. They shouldn't use under ripe bananas for shakes, it ruins the flavor.
