4	best breakfeast downtown ... bar none ... it's far more "healthy" than I traditionally prefer but the place is beatiful, very cool and has an ADORABLE waitress ;) !!!!
4	Perfect if you are craving a home-style breakfast.  I had a wonderful mushroom scramble, sausage, and the walnut raisin toast.  The portions were big and the food was very good - quality ingredients.  My only gripe is the orange juice.  It was $2.50 for a shot glass size cup of orange juice and it was half pulp.
4	Midwestern hipster breakfast of champions - that's how I would describe it in 5 words.  Good down-home breakfast, but not for weight watchers.   Bright orange formica counters and rooster orange juice glasses.  Love that the place is smaller than a shoebox.  It means you have wait ahead of you, but it keeps the breakfast experience a friendly intimate one. The hog and chick is what I usually order. But most recently I've been ordering the sopressata salami scramble with provolone and the five spot breakfast sandwich.  The burger buns are a lackluster choice, but the grilled onions and thick peppercorn bacon slices more than make up for it.  The hash browns can be a bit greasy, but hey, that's what happens when you cook with butter.  Can be a wait on weekend, but worth it in central Phoenix, especially when the Good Egg and other places get old.
4	The service sucks at Matt's. Unfortunately for those of us that like good food AND good service the food is crave worthy- better than any breakfast I have ever had, so simple and so, so, yummy. That being said, I have never been to a restaurant that ran out of cream for coffee. Not only that but they made it seem like no big deal, no apologies. I had one too many bad experiences and have not been back since. I have been tempted many a time to go back and see if they have changed their evil ways, but I just can't bring myself to do it. We'll see- life is too short to hold grudges, especially when good food is involved, right?UPDATE: Ok, we ventured back to Matt's to celebrate my birthday in April and I have to say that the service wasn't bad at all.... no more snotty waitresses, so I am adding 2 more stars. If they would make the effort to be really friendly they would get my 5th star... but I won't hold my breath, I think it is just not that kind of place. Now if you really are a thrill seeker I have a challenge for you... go to the bathroom at Matt's (go ahead and ask them where the bathroom is and you will see what I mean)... and if you want to have a good laugh imagine a nine months pregnant woman trying to go to the bathroom at Matt's... yeah, that was fun, luckily I escaped with little more than a pinch on the thigh from the toilet seat... but unless you have a death wish you should definitely empty your bladder BEFORE you go to Matt's...fair warning.
4	For some reason, we hit Phoenix on the first rainy day since October but that did not deter us from checking out Matt's Big Breakfast based on all the Yelp raves.  We had to wait outside for about 10-15 minutes in the rain, but finally got two seats at the bar.  When people describe this place as tiny, think 8 small tables and 6 bar stools tiny.  Do not try with groups...it will not work.The waitress behind the counter was a riot telling people to "Smile, it's Christmas!"  She definitely kept the spirits up.  Our service was great, but we were at the counter where coffee was readily available.  First impression was that the coffee was great.  It is local, fresh and delicious.  My husband's waffle was really good but I won with the cheese omelette with mushrooms, onion and bacon.  It was full of gooey cheese and my husband helped me polish it off.  The hashbrowns were good, but a little greasy and the sourdough was perfect.  Bottom line - it is worth the trek downtown if you are on vacation or do not live downtown.  Good simple breakfast with plenty of butter for you arteries to soak up.
4	You know those mornings when you don't want to wake up? When you just want to lay there and rot?  Well, next time you feel that way and roll yourself out of bed, reward yourself with breakfast at Matt's Big Breakfast!  YUMMMMMY.  It's all you need sometimes.   It's like homemade breakfast served to you in a cheery atmosphere, even a fresh little flower on your table.
5	yep, good ol' simple home cooking, and by 'home cooking' i mean back when no one cared that there was about three cups of butter in per serving.if you've never gone, don't be scared off by all the butter references, it's not that bad. the place is teeny tiny, and our table of two had to wait about 10 minutes for a place, parties of more than four, you'll probably have to get split up. the omelettes are wonderful, and the rosemary home fries are too good. the bacon is so good.. i can't even describe it. let me stress i am NOT a pork fan, and rarely eat it. i never eat bacon from a restaurant since i'm so picky about it. everyone raved about it here, so i dived in and thought, 'what have i been missing my whole life?' ha ha, yeah, i has an awakening of pork love right in the middle of the joint! seriously, it's unbelievable.it's worth the trek no matter where you're coming from, especially on a sat morning. afterward we checked out a small famer's market that was going on right up the street, and then popped in Circles records and tapes, also within walking distance.***Update 3/8I just went over the weekend and we waited more than 45 minutes. i was ok with it, but i was with someone who does not really place value on waiting a little longer for great food, which kind of put a damper on things. def do not bring someone here who is not willing to wait for a good thing.
5	For any of you that have been to Matt's and don't like it, no offense, but we wouldn't make a good breakfast eating team. Because I love it. I had read and heard many a glowing review of this place from friends but the lingering question in the back of my mind was "How can bacon, toast, and eggs be that good?" Candidly, I still don't know the answer to that question. What I do know, however, is that it is, indeed, that good, if not better than I ever dreamed simple breakfast foods could be. The line can be a formidable obstacle. There is a pad on top of the water by the front door where people write in the name of their party and number of people and you just wait for them to call your name into the tiny restaurant. I saw quite a few people outside, content to be waiting with a book, obviously knowing what they had in store.As for the "too much butter" complaint from other reviewers, my advice is don't worry about it. If you want a light breakfast, Matt's isn't what you're looking for. For an obscenely delicious plate exploding with flavor and goodness, bring a book and post up at Matt's. It's worth it.
5	The PERFECT Breakfast :)  If only I could have this every day :)Matt's is all you want a breakfast spot to be...cute, friendly and the most amazing food out there.I highly recommend the hog and chick.  You just can't go wrong with eggs*, bacon*, home fries* (get the home fries, not the hashbrowns) and their toast* served with Terra Verde Farms preserves.  * = best ever, ever, everI could write on and on...you've seen the reviews.  Just make sure to make it there, you won't be sorry, you'll be addicted!
5	Great breakfast, great waitresses
5	I finally made the great Breakfast pilgrimage.  It was worth every minute of the wait.  We put in our names, and walked over to the downtown market to kill some time.  We still had to wait about 15 minutes after that, but it was a great way to go.  Highly suggest it.  The best pancakes I've ever had.  Ever.  And the home fries?  I could eat just a big bowl of that and be happy.  Great rosemary taste.  Really loved the coffee. Yummy peppery bacon.  One of our companions said the ham was the best she'd had since she's lived in Tennessee more than 15 years ago.  Right before we left, we saw someone served a hamburger and we could hardly move.  It was the best looking burger I've ever seen.  We will TOTALLY be back just for lunch. Mmm.  Mmm.  Mmmm...  But Matt himself cracking jokes with the patrons and chatting with downtown neighbors walking by was awesome.  While the food felt made with love, the big guy's personality totally put it over the top. You love supporting him supporting downtown.  Its the kind of business you would almost like to go even if it wasn't that good.  But thank goodness - it is that good.  Can't wait to go back.  Very.  Very.  Soon.
3	They have Mr. Pibb. That's fun. I first read about Matt's in an America West in-flight magazine and put it on my list of places to go.You know the wait was about 20 minutes, the staff was quick and the food was good. I would say the biggest appeal about Matt's is that it seems like the food is reliable, you go there for breakfast and guess what you get it straight up.What I most appreciate, is that Matt saw potential in an old downtown building and is doing his part to bring business to that part of town.
4	There and back again..We ventured this morning to a great land called Phoenix (though today we shall call that Gondor) from our little Scottsdale burrow (we shall call that the Shire). The Shire has many wonderful things to offer so we don't venture to far. There's been talk of a movement in the great land of Gondor.. this movement is called Slow Food. Were great humans feed others based on sustainable crops, dairy and meat. These humans try to whenever possible, use only locally grown ingredients. There was word of an outdoor market that believes in these philosophies and shares with all the locals there. So off to Gondor.  After an easy and painless journey we arrived at the great outdoor market to find that it wasn't open yet. A very small distance east of there were a few humans mulling around a classic Gondor building that looked to have been turned into some sort of eatery. Once inside we discovered a great man named Matt and his magical Big Breakfast! We were seated at a counter with many other hungry travelers. A fair maiden appeared.. she was so friendly and welcoming.. then took our orders.. the great man Matt had created something just for that day.. Salsa Verde Huevos Rancheros. The way the maiden pronounced these words we though for a moment she was speaking Elven.. only moments had passed and then set before us were 2 huge plates filled with roasted potatoes, 2 eggs over easy atop a corn tortilla covered in a green sauce. You see hobbits love good food, you can tell by their round bellies and lack of defined abs.. this was indeed a bountiful feast!  The fragrance arose from the plate and filled our nostrils.. we both stared into each others eyes then quickly began eating.. the flavors and textures were simply heavenly.. each better then the last! We could see ourselves making the journey to Gondor quite often from the Shire.. we could see someday perhaps living in Gondor close to the outdoor market and of course the great Matt's Big Breakfast.
5	This is not a place for the calorie conscious, so dieters need to swear off this place like the plague. Even the salads here are smothered in bacon, eggs, cheese and dressing. But if you feel like punishing your arteries in the most delicious fashion, I highly recommend Matt's Big Breakfast. I've heard from just about everyone I know that this place is the bee's knees, the elephant's eyebrows, the eel's hips...and the buzz wasn't wrong. This place has some amazing hangover food, so after a night of indulging we arrived at this little diner around noon thirty and had to wait about twenty minutes to be seated. The temperature was well over 100 degrees by that point, which is not good on the dehydrated and hung over, but they were kind enough to provide a giant tub of ice water so that waiting diners didn't drop like flies before they could be served. Two stacks of complimentary foodie magazines were also present for perusal, but my brain didn't feel like thinking yet. However, by the time we were done with our dining experience at one twenty, there were empty booths all over the place, so if you're impatient, go during the last hour they're open.Once inside, we sat at the bar, right in the path of the air conditioning vent, with a clear view of the kitchen going ons. Seeing how I drank my share of water outside I ordered an RC Cola (I didn't even know that brand still existed!) that came in a can. While waiting to order, I did some pretty extreme rubbernecking, judging the deliciousness of every dish that came out of the kitchen or was being munched on by others. The menu was modest in size but boasted that they used the freshest organic ingredients whenever possible, and after watching everyone else I was pretty excited when the time came to order. I decided to go with my traditional breakfast fare, so I could accurately compare it to other brunch joints: eggs over medium, bacon, hashbrowns and sour dough toast. The Hog and Chick!And. It. Was. Heaven.It's clear that everything they offered was as fresh as it could possibly be. The toast tasted freshly baked, doughy yet crisp, and was delicious dipped in my eggs. Thick cut peppered bacon melted in my mouth. The hashbrowns had to have been made on the premises, because they looked exactly like the ones I make in my own home, greyer than the freezer variety and a bit gelatinous. There was even a tiny tub of fresh apricot puree that tasted like there wasn't a lick of processed sugar added. And everything was drowned to a lovely crisp in butter.I only wish it were in Tempe instead of Phoenix, because I'd love to try the other menu offerings. It's cheap, delicious, friendly, and some of the best damn hang over food I have ever had.
5	words can not describe the goodness that is matt's big breakfast. i came out here while on business/vacation and had matt's waffle. i have since been on a tear back here in L.A. looking for a waffle of equal caliber, but to no avail. light, fluffy, perfectly sweet. i've even contemplated braving the 120 degree + weather just to savor the waffle that obliterates all other waffles.
4	The food at Matt's Big Breakfast is pretty great. I defy you to find a better omelette anywhere in town.  However...I don't know why they had to go ahead and screw up perfectly good food with such terrible service.  Do not go to Matt's if you are thirsty. It takes forever to get your drinks and forget about re-fills. The waiters all act like you are bothering them if you ask for anything. The act like the good food gives them carte blanche to drop the ball on service entirely. Also - STOP using so much OIL. Yucky!***Edited on 10/07 to add the following: The staff at Matt's must be reading all the Yelp's about their poor service because I went back there today and they were really NICE! It was the first time they have ever been so attentive, quick and nice. And they were not just nice to me. They were nice to everyone. It was awesome! There is one kind of bitchy, slow, mean waitress who was not there today - so maybe everyone is in a better mood on her day off. I hope this trend of excellent service at Matt's continues. It it does I will re-Yelp with only positive things to say. Except...still...chill out with the oil!
5	What more can be said. Amazing food. Right next to the Farmer's Market on Saturday's. Friendly staff especially the ownwer's wife who noticed that we were new on our first visit and went out of her way to welcome us. The pancakes? Wow! 'Nough said....
5	The best way to describe Matt's is "breakfast nirvana."  I've been going to this cheery downtown spot for weekend breakfasts and weekday lunches for around 2 years now and have never been disappointed with the food.  Small touches of quality abound: freshly-ground pork sausage patties, perfectly browned, homestyle potatoes o'brien (not of that cubed pre-frozen crap), thick-cut bread with homemade jam, and what tastes like real maple syrup for Matt's awesome pancakes.What keeps a breakfast enthusiast like me from hitting Matt's at each opportunity are the insane queues, especially on weekends.  The air conditioning can also be a bit sketchy at times, too, given the cramped space and swarm of humanity in there at busy times.
3	When people say Matt's is small, they're right.  I think there are maybe 8 tables and some stools up at the bar and that's about it.   Also, don't expect to walk right in & grab a seat.  Popular spot + tiny place = waiting (we waited about 45 minutes for a table for 2).  Thankfully, it was a pretty nice day, though there isn't a whole heckuva lot to explore in the area.Plusses:  -They serve RC cola!  Fun times.  I haven't had an RC since I was a kid.-Their waffle is really good.   Light, sweet, buttery deliciousness.  -Small place = intimate setting.  It's a good place for conversation, at least in a small group setting.Minuses: -The place, and my silverware, weren't especially clean.  Having a knife that's gunky doesn't make me want to eat.-The bacon was underdone.  I like chewy bacon, but mine was almost oinking.  I'll take a steak medium-rare, but please not the bacon.-The aforementioned RC cola gets served to you in can form. All-in-all, the food was pretty good, but not a place I'd wait outside for 45 minutes for.  3.5 stars.
3	Matt's Big Breakfast? I'd say the only thing big about this place is the wait. When you walk up to the tiny place (it looks like a miniature brick block that you're not sure is big enough for humans), you scrawl your name down on a standard piece of notebook paper... and then you wait. Not fifteen minutes. Not twenty. More like 60. At least they have free water outside because, let's face, even in October, the Phoenix sun can be brutal.Peaking inside, you realize why there's such a wait: about 8 tables (most seat 2 or 4) and about 5 stools at the breakfast bar. It's no wonder... If you do the math, the average person takes about 30-45 minutes to eat breakfast. So, add the ordering time... the cooking time... the debit card time... And you have about an average of an hour per meal. The odds are against you.But, you put your name down, so you might as well suck it up. It's going to be a BIG wait for Matt's Breakfast. So, it's no wonder the food gets such great reviews. You're ravenous by the time your name is called -- you'd eat the fake flowers if you could away with it. Coffee is meh. At least they bring ya real cream. That's awesome. The decor is minimal. It's said the color orange makes one feel hungrier. I really don't think Matt needs to worry about his patrons being hungry by the time they sit down to eat. Again, the wait is BIG. But, I'll stop whining about that. Moving on... I ordered the daily special - a scramble with mushrooms and fotini cheese. It came with home fries and two wedges of cinnamon raisin bread. It looked very good when it arrived. One bite of the scramble and I thought, "I could have made this." The home fries were bland... nothing like Kerby Lane's in Austin, Texas (if you've ever been, you know what I'm talking about... please, somebody wipe the drool from my face...). The redeeming piece was the bread. Granted, it's not the best bread I've had, but it was pretty yummy. I made sure to finish all that off, but I left 1/2 my scramble and all but a couple bites of my home fries behind. As for the service, is was above average. Not extraordinary, like I somehow expected from a place like this that boasts the cozy feel of eating among friends. The service was prompt, though, and the people working were friendly and seemed to be in a chipper mood -- that's hard to imagine when you've been on your feet since before 6 a.m. with a consistent rush. One of the cute waitresses even made people outside laugh with, "We accept all kinds of payment. Cash. Credit. Check. Or you can work in the kitchen for a little bit." I thought her happy-go-lucky attitude was a breath of fresh air. In conclusion... Walking away from the tiny place, I commented, "I'm pretty sure I won't be going back there." From all the great reviews I've read, I had to try this place. I'm glad I did... it was definitely an experience, especially since the police showed up to deal with some next door squabble/drug bust/whoknowswhat. At least while I was waiting, I had free entertainment to occupy my time.
1	This place is very small.The waitress was not nice or accomodating.The bathroom was in the kitchen.The kitchen had grime all over the floor.I'm probably not going back.  Palette is much better!
2	I like the bright, small-diner atmosphere and the use of cage-free eggs, organic produce and grain-fed natural Iowa pork and Angus beef.  I found the rationale stated on the backs of the menus and on the website, "We believe that food prepared this way not only tastes better but is better for you" quite ironic considering the amount of butter and olive oil their food is fried in.  My stomach couldn't take it.  I guess if I go back for breakfast, I can always get the Frosted Flakes for $4.
5	Contrary to the reviwers below...I love Matt's. Yeah the wait is long...the place is small...once I went in the summer and I was sweating in my coffee...BUT....This is Phoenix people. When the breakfast choices are a tasty meal at Circle K (heated under heat lamps) or Denny's and IHOP, you can't beat Matt's. I love breakfast. I eat breakfast everywhere I travel on business. I have never had a better breakfast than at Matt's. Fresh ingredients, great food, excellent bread and jam...kick $ss hashbrowns.I wish the place was bigger (and cooler) and the wait not so long. But as a special breakfast treat...you can't beat it.  Just bring your own fan.
3	Greasy spoon with quality ingredients cooked to harden arteries. The service was less than stellar, but the atmosphere was cozy (read: tight) and not terribly unpleasant. The food was standard tasting - this place could do with a regular deep cleaning and perhaps some attempt to de-grease the food prep. The service could also use a bit of a boost... perhaps they should partake of their own coffee - the caffeine could help wake them up a bit.There are some great little places like this dispersed around central Phoenix that give the downtown area some great character. This one is on the low end of the group. A few small changes and this place could easily improve to a 5 star  - but since it's so popular, there's hardly a reason to change anything I suppose. I'm thankful that I live near downtown Scottsdale where awesome breakfast choices are bountiful. Matt's is worth a visit, but only just.
5	Butter Burger. For breakfast.What part of that is ambiguous?No reason to waste space saying what has already been said: best breakfast in town. Sure Matt is mean to me. And I don't go there enough. But my wife is 10 years younger than me and I have to maintain my svelte figure.
4	Don't go if you are in a hurry but definitely go if you're really hungry. I went on a Saturday morning and waited about 45 minutes. The servers were really friendly and not pushy even though you know they have a line of people waiting outside. I had the griddlecakes and my (very picky) friend had the salami scramble which he devoured. The food was really good, but I wasn't floored like I expected from what I've heard. I will definitely return though, it's a fun place to take people who don't venture to Phoenix much from the suburbs or are from out of town.
5	When we are in Phoenix  for business we tend to eat breakfast here. The food is yummy, the place is small and Matt tends to be around to say hey and help serve up the grub. I like the oatmeal of all things...my husband really likes the scrambles. I love that it's small and homey the food is good and it's not too pricey. Also, I love to give my business to ma and pa places as opposed to, say...IHOP or Denny's. (YUCK)
5	First off I LOVE this place! I have never been disappointed with the food or service. If you love breakfast food this is your place. You have to try the Salami Scramble with home fries (which are the best damn potatoes this side of Idaho). Also, if you're lucky the special of the day might be the eggs benedict that are making me hungry just thinking about them.If you get there around 11:00 am be prepared to wait but they will seat you pretty fast. The customer service is great and the prices are cheap! Don't come here if you want a healthy breakfast because it won't be but it will be some of the best breakfast food you will ever have!
2	So, it was 7:22 a.m. on the first Saturday of 2008 when we walked into Matt's Big Breakfast.  The place was maybe half full when we were taken to a table for two with a seat on the side.  A friendly waiter came by for drink orders; I went with apple juice but was later informed they were out.  The whole order went a little something like this, 2 coffees, 1 milk, 1 waffle, 1 cakes, and 1 special of ham eggs green chili and cheese scramble.  I hear the coffee was drinkable.  The waffle and pancakes had somewhat of a buckwheat taste but not sure if that is what they actually were.  I am a huge fan of Belgium waffles and found myself terribly disappointed.  I see a Belgium waffle as having a slight crisp of an edge and a soft center.  This waffle was very soft with no crisp and almost like a moist sponge.  The special was not the best and the pancakes seemed pretty heavy.  The home fries seemed like they were cooked in bacon grease and maybe sat there too long.  I did like the small quaint feel of the restaurant.  All of the staff was very friendly and worked together.  People of all styles came for breakfast, there were regulars, people in a hurry for the airport, couples, families, singles, people of all kinds.  They all were all asked, "How is the food?"  They all seemed to enjoy.  At the places prime they could probably seat 24 people, give or take.  I will probably not be one of them, but I am glad I was one once.
4	I think Matt's genius is knowing where to get good ingredients and not messing it up.  I was blown away by the peppered bacon and the rosemary home fries. The waffle was good, but didn't reach the amazing wonder that was the bacon.But if you're planning for a weekend pilgrimage then prepare yourself well for a super duper long wait, followed by quick rush out of the tiny diner space as soon as you're done with your food.   If you want a nice leisurely brunch then go some place with more seating, or you can take the drive down to Queen Creek and stock up on that incredibly delicious pepper bacon from the Pork Shop.
5	Been to Matt's one time and that is enough for me to know this place is one of a Kind.  From the awesome friendly service, to the amazing meals, to the distinctly delicious honey lemonade and FRESHLY squeezed OJ, to the Fresh flowers on the table, Its truly a place I hope to make a habit of!
5	The food here is worth all of the negatives- the wait, the service, the atmosphere. Sometimes you just need that hearty breakfast to start your day, and Palatte just won't succeed.I recommend everything here. Seriously, everything. Especially the Daily Specials.
2	I'm probably the lone dissenter in the land of Five star reviews here, but here goes. I wanted to love Matt's. It's adorable and close to home. I don't eat pork, which eliminated a good portion of the menu right off the bat. That's fine, it's not like I expect restaurants to cater to me, that's what my kitchen is for. I had the cheese omelet. It was good, but could have used some spices. The hash browns were ok, despite the fact that they were floating in their own grease. Matt's is great if you like breakfast with a bucket of grease on the side. It made me sick, so I won't be back.
5	Oh how I love a good breakfast!     My first experience at this quaint little establishment was this past weekend, my sister, her boyfriend....my girlfriend and I decided we needed a bite to eat after a looong night of celebrating....they chose to make the trek from Gilbert to our side of town...our first logical choice laying in bed with a swelling head you ask?  Of course we had to try Matt's...after all, we had been hearing for weeks about the bountiful breakfast that awaited....     I absolutely love something about a place that can make you feel as though your a tourist in your own town...and this one does it, very small inside....no waiting area except the side walk in front....you have to "sign in" on an ordering pad (cute touch in my opinion)...any how, after seeing what we were up against....I thought the worst, you know what I'm talking about....long wait!  Thankfully I was wrong, we were sat within about 10 minutes!  (Side note, I think we were a bit lucky on timing....as we left, there were a LOT more people waiting, I believe we got there around 9-9:30)     Ok....for breakfast we all tried about the same thing....."The Hog and Chick"....fancy(kind of ;) way of saying eggs and some kind of swine....anyhow, all the basics are included here...potatoes (your choice, home fries or hash brown)  I chose home fries...and let me tell you, I was pleasantly surprised...with out a doubt the best I'd ever had!  Along with the potatoes there were onions and fresh rosemary....honestly the rosemary made them.  The eggs were cooked wonderfully....over easy seems like an easy fix...but its truly amazing how many times this can be a disaster.  My best friend had the ham....and let me tell ya...Nicki loves some good ham...and she got it!       I have read some other reviews of this place....some talking of prices too steep....not sure where they were coming from, but all four of us....huge plates, soft drinks and or milk....with tip about 45 dollars...not sure I would classify that as "over the top"....not for a meal of this magnitude...maybe Denny's...but hey if you want that...you know where to go ;)     Only quark with our truly wonderful experience you ask?....we got the wrong drinks....regular instead of diet....other than that, the wait staff was cheery and funny...two things that are a must with me when I'm baby sitting a hang over.Like I said...I love a good breakfast...Matt's truly delivers!Thanks Matt....I will be back, very soon!
5	Never before in my life have I tasted breakfast this good. The place is small (very small), expect to wait around an hour on the weekends.Once you get in here try the "Hog and Chick", I suggest you get the hash browns over the potatoes, and you MUST MUST MUST try the bacon! (if you're a vegan - let it go for one day!) Their waffles are to die for too.Another 100 places like this and Downtown Phoenix will be THE place to live!!!
4	if you don't like bacon, i would skip matt's, but if you like bacon, you should go every day. there is no bacon like the bacon at matt's. i have a friend who rants about this at least once a week. i'm certain this is the only meat product this vegetarian misses.i haven't really tried a lot of things on the menu. i'm a big fan of the specials and the 5 spot.
1	Well going against the grain for sure but, this is one really over-rated joint. Not even worth the wait. I came here like at least 8 others that were waiting out front because we saw Matt's on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on TV so it was one of those "Hey that my town, We gotta go!"I ordered one of the plates I saw on the show, the Chop and Chick, a large succulent boneless pork chop, 3 perfectly cooked eggs, nice crispy brown hash browns, thick hand sliced toast, Whats not to like right,?Well waiting on the sidewalk out front at Matt's for 1.5hrs to finally get into Breakfast Nirvana, order up and here you go 1 thin 25% bone pork chop over cooked and dry. Ever compare a Big Mac in an ad to the one you get in a box and you'll see my point here.3 eggs still slimy and runny, medium eggs means medium1 huge helping of hash browns that I could have cooked the next 6 orders of eggs with the grease they wallowed in.Sourdough Toast, 4 stars perfect, excellent.So not all bad, just way over rated, and the following day a really great breakfast at a real local spot Big Daddy's up on Cave Creek Rd and Peoria, excellent in every way and we had never been there for breakfast before but we will be back, Matt's not a chance.
3	Maybe I'm biased because I can make a damn tasty breakfast myself at home, but for all the rave reviews and even being on TV, I expected this place to be a little above average.Decent food, awesome waitstaff.  Let's weigh the pros and cons.Pros:*good tasty bacon...*hashbrowns to die for - crunchy on the outside, creamy inside...*definite use of fresh ingredients...Cons:*it felt like eating in my pantry with 25 other people...*all the cooks get to hear you peeing in the water closet (and I mean closet)...(maybe this is a problem only for the female persuasion?)...*almost $2 for a CAN of RC that probably cost them 25 cents, no free refills...*one egg was undercooked and one was overcooked...*feeling rushed to finish and get out of there as people outside stare at you wondering why you're taking so long to eat...Oh and not to mention the butter burger that was ordered with blue maytag that I had to try a bite of - and ended up with a couple of tablespoons of hot boiling butter in my lap.  The maytag was yummy and fortunately I could taste it despite my scorched tongue.We definitely left with full tummies (including my red burnt one) but more cons than pros means it was worth it to try for the first time, but I think the only item I might crave is the hashbrowns.  If I ever REALLY have to have their hashbrowns, I'll order it to go!
5	This was a YELP guided breakfast stop on our Spring Training week food tour. I trust YELPers to guide me to the best places and they always come through. They were right on about the wait. Mid week around 9am and there was about a 30 minute wait with lots of people waiting outside the tiny little restaurant. Luckily we were just a 2 waiting for a seat, as opposed to the party of 9 who would have to be broken up or wait for hours to be seated.... (HINT HINT, not a place for groups. 2 is ideal. 3-4 is max unless you do not care about sitting together.)Having been on day four of greasy high caloric breakfasts, I opted for the steel cut oatmeal with the raisins and brown sugar and an OJ. SG got standard egg plate with eggs, toast, ham and rosemary potatoes. SG was very happy when his plate arrived. The large piece of ham and the delicious rosemary potatoes set this place aside in his mind. My oatmeal was very good, but my humungous raisins put it over the top. The service was great and Matt himself was even there helping out. SG said this is how a breakfast place should be done and this is the model he would use for his own breakfast place (that will most likely never happen). The menu is limited, but offers the usuals. There is special attention paid to those things like the potatoes and the raisins that makes this place special. Check it out. Expect a wait, bring a news paper.
2	EVERYONE hyped this place up waaaaay too much. I waited with 2 friends for 1.5 hours. I got a Cheese/Sausage omelet with grilled onions... it came with a piece of toast, 2 eggs (I think), and hash browns.People seem to talk about the hash browns... I don't see whats so special. Shredded potato that's burnt on the top and bottom, while hella soggy in the middle... is not my idea of damn good hash browns.In my honest opinion, if you like A LOT of butter on everything, as well as waiting in line for a hour and a half, for a chance to sit down in a crazy small restaurant... then this is the breakfast stop for you.
2	I was willing to wait for 1 1/2 hour  for the best breakfast I  was reading about ... boy, I was disappointed.CON:*Bacon was dry .. really really dry*Hash brown  ... burnt on the outside soggy with butter on the inside. Don't get me wrong. I love my butter .. but that was just way too much.*Tables are tiny - we had 3 pple and a toddler  and they put us with a table  for 2. Please explain to me how we were suppose to eat ?PRO:*Matt was really nice*Service was great*The sour dough bread with blueberry jam was really good.Will I go back ?  ... No.
5	Go Early or be prepared to wait!  Smallest restaurant ever.  SUPER good food!  I've tried almost everything on the menu.  I've enjoyed it all.  They also have fresh squeezed juice and rosemary potatoes and an interesting bread when they don't have sourdough.
4	Look, there is no reason for you to read the 51st review on this place unless you specifically sought me out and you trust me.  Matt's is good!  Go stuff yo face in a waffle and that thick cut bacon.  Mmm!
5	Matt's Butter Burger is THE dish to have here! Matt starts his lunch menu @ 11am. The breakfast here is good don't get me wrong just skip breakfast & go 4 the butter burger. Also make sure u don't park on the empty dirt parking lots in front of & behind Matt's or you'll get a $120.00 ticket! Park on the paved streets/lots only & keep in mind parking is limited.
1	OVERRATED.I know it was reviewed on Food network channel as top 10 something or another in the nation.  Did their quality go down since they know that people will seek it out irregardless of the review?Location- in down town Phoenix- but in a crappy part that doesn't look safe at night.  Dirt lot in back is not an option to park because of city ordinances or safety issues.Wait time- for those reviewers who waited over 1hour in the hot desert sun- i don't know what to say. There is little to no shade, it's hot, you lean on wooden fences... it's a strange system where you sign your name to be called. However, if you sign in, and say you want to go do something else instead of wait an hour in the hot sun, they will cross you off the list if you aren't there for roll call. Some people behind us, just waited a bit then walked in and sat at the bar (where they were seating other people).  And they say they don't play favorites?  Please....  If you can't stand to wait, you can  order take out and get your food before all the other people waiting.  Do they let anyone know? NO. Do they care that people waiting over 1 hour have to wait another hour for food so To-Go people can get their food? NO...Food- maybe the food tastes better because your out in the hot sun,dehydrating, standing, waiting... because the food didn't look like anything special and didn't taste special either.  Just run of the mill breakfast food.  Does it take 45min to make waffles and toast?  We told them we had a flight to catch, and our food took a crazy amount of time to make. No wonder the wait is so long outside! 2oz of OJ was $2.50Ambiance- it's a 3 room (1 kitchen, one bar set up, 1 room with 4 tables and seating on bar-like thing looking outside. Think they can seat ~20 people inside?  Poor decor, crappy furniture.... they must make a ton of money because none of it is going into the location/upkeep/decor.Don't even think about coming here with more than 6 people.... Where will you put them? Wait til the restaurant clears so you have a room to yourself?  ha...Once again, OVER-RATED.
5	I rode on the bus and saw this little diner on the corner of North First Street and McKinley Ave. And of course, the name also attracted (ahem) yours truly. This is "not" a big diner at all. Its well-bright lights make this diner very reassuring. There also numerous awards from various sources posted throughout this small restaurant including the top restaurants voted by the Food Network. Hopefully there will be a Yelp-sticker posted on the door. Unfortunately my meal at "Matt's" breakfast place at noon happens to be for lunch. They do serve breakfast all day till closing at 2:30 pm. I had a craving for a Reuben Sandwich. My $7.50 sandwich had fresh Corned beef, sauerkraut, Swiss-cheese, and Thousand-Island dressing in a pair of grilled dark-rye bread. My tasty sandwich comes with home-made fried potatoes. I also bought an endless cup of fresh locally grown coffee to wash my sandwich down. I enjoyed my meal on a table near a window where I can watch the busy streets and view of the desert over the mountain. I paid my $11.00 meal with Visa. I actually enjoy my meal at my own restaurant.  With the waitress being very friendly, I taught them well. It's also a good thing that I came on a weekday; because I would imagine that my diner would be crowded on the weekends.
5	Saw it on TV and had to check it out while in town. Had the waffle with bacon, all great. Wife had the salami scramble with sourdough toast. Some of the best toast I have ever had. Everything I saw looked great and the owners were both there, always a good sign. There was a wait and parking can be hard, but if you want a good breakfast in Phoenix this is the spot. Next time I am in Phoenix I will be going back.
5	Matt's Big Breakfast:Yes it's busy.  Yes it's tiny.  And yes there's a 45 min. wait on a weekday @ 10:30.  Don't you people work?!  But you know what?  All these things add to the charm of the place.  I secretly believe that people like to wait, they love the anticipation, people eat that sh*t up.  Now, with that being said, on to the food, it truly is delicious. There is no hype when the restaurant can actually deliver and prove that it was worth every minute of the wait. Lemonade: fresh squeezed and flavored with honey.  A natural sweetener that is incredibly refreshing on a hot day. Waffle: most definitely the best waffle I have ever had.  Fluffy, light, piping hot, real butter and real maple syrup. Omelet: quite possibly the best omelet I have ever had.  Cooked to perfection with American cheese, mushrooms and bacon.  No skimping on these additions either, large button mushrooms, plenty of cheese and large chunks of thick cut bacon. The bottom line....Matt's Big Breakfast:Big on taste.  Big on portions.  Big on appeal.  Even bigger on charm.
5	Please, people! For the love of God, stay home! Do not come to Matt's Big Breakfast.You will not enjoy the crispy, fresh hash browns. You would not like the weekend specials, such as huevos rancheros with fresh salsa, or scrambles made with seasonal, organic ingredients. A cheese and mushroom omelette will not appeal to you. They do not serve delicious Wildflower Bread toasted with most entrees. The coffee will not be piping hot and the iced tea will certainly not be tasty and delightful.And whatever you do, please do not order one of the waffles made from scratch. They come dusted with powdered sugar, served with warm syrup and a big scoop of butter. You probably wouldn't like it.If, for some unknown reason, you found yourself at Matt's for lunch, you would not enjoy the Butter Burger. It would not be served on a delicious roll and topped with gooey melty cheese and a thick slice of tomato. No it wouldn't. The macaroni salad is not an excellent substitute for the kettle chips that normally accompany said Burger.For the last time, please stay away. May I recommend you get your breakfast on at the perfectly adequate U.S-Egg-Good-Peep, or First Watch? The lines at Matt's are long enough as it is, and the regulars are getting cranky about it.
5	After a late night out with a few college buddies, we woke up @ the downtown Hyatt starving for a hearty meal.  Einstein Bro's Bagels located downstairs, wasn't gonna satisfy our insatiable craving for some rib-stickin, home cooked food.  When we arrive, there are people milling about the exterior of this tiny restaurant, sipping orange infused water provided by the staff.  We assumed it must be excellent, if these people were willing to wait in the sweltering heat for a coveted seat.After 15-20 minutes, we feel like celebrities on the VIP list as we're escorted through the door.  I order the Hog & Chick, which provided more than enough hash browns, eggs, toast, and sausage to quell the lumberjack appetite I developed.  The staff was friendly & fast, attentive to our dwindling water glasses and clearing plates quickly.  We were more than pleased with the meal, hospitality and price point--happy to walk a little of this hearty breakfast off, on the way back to the hotel.
1	It's about time that people be a lot more honest in their reviews of Matt's Big Breakfast.This place is over hyped in every sense, and mainly - still - because of its faux-trendy/hip atmosphere...  that was cute five or so years back.Though, what matters is the food and maybe the surroundings of a place, right?Well, the servings are hearty (pack an extra artery), and the home fried potatoes are tasty.That's about it.End of review.No... got to be a little more honest here.The rest of the menu is mediocre at best, and hardly worth an hours' wait in line and/or just to be seated, nor enough to chew on or pay for.  The first or second time might be cool, you may enjoy it.  But the third time there you'll be honest to admit that there's far better elsewhere.As surroundings go, the place is like a muggy gym locker room but smaller in size, and so poorly ventilated that you'll think that the proprietor's must think nothing of sitting in the humidity upon a toilet of a rest stop in Austin, TX with their plate of food on their knees.Me thinks that anyone with a few simple squares of aluminum foil and heat could cook any of Matt's menu items within their own kitchen and very likely do better within 20 minutes flat, easy.I don't mean to sound harsh or scathing, but after hearing so many sheep over hyping this place time after time you realize it's all fake kissy-kiss talk.  "Phooey!", I say.The most important thing you must know and take from this - regardless of whether anything I'm saying here is something you agree with or not - is to beware of the... ehm... "coffee".  Sincerely.  I've heard many others state that you must be an incredibly gracious customer to take a sip.  Merely a whiff of its bouquet brings to mind a vinaigrette of acrid rags and dank wool socks.  Most folks count on having a great cup of coffee with their breakfast; a great cup of coffee is obviously required in conjunction with breakfast.  Like the necessary combinations of two things: Sun & Moon, peanut butter & honey, soap & water, doesn't everyone have a knowing that if you're going to serve coffee during breakfast it needs to taste like coffee?  Even if it's the most watered down brew it needs to taste something LIKE coffee.  Apparently Matt's will hear none of that; they don't seem to be aware nor have heard the talk that some folks don't return just because their coffee resembles what Grandpappy brewed up in a drop-pan a week ago ON TOP OF the coffee grounds that he brewed a month ago, then filtered through newspaper taken from the doghouse outside and used a second time to line the bottom of a bird cage.  (Shwew!)  In fact, I can count two separate occasions when I had actually overheard a server apologize to customers who'd commented on their putrid brew.  Utterly disgusting.The servers and cooks are nice, friendly and personable (I'm talking - genuinely enjoy what they do) and that, admittedly, counts for a whole lot.Nonetheless, give Matt's a try at least once.At least.But, pass on the coffee... or, "Don't go into the light!" as they say of near death experiences.
5	Hands down it is the best Breakfast place in the phoenix metro. I came all the way from Maricopa, AZ to check this place out. I'm not a native Arizonan, but this place competes up there with all the breakfast places I've been to. The pork chop is is awesome! I was lucky enough to be the last guy that made it through the door when it opened hehe.
3	My question is, if the portions were not so huge would people still be giving this greasy spoon 5 stars. I guess if you are very simple in your tastes you could give this place five stars. It is breakfast with nothing special about it except for the names on the menu. I figured it out, everybody is so goo-goo over it because its trendy! O wait maybe its because you wait outside for so long that you are even more hungover and so famished by the time you get in there that a goat turd would taste good. One more theory, the taste of the coffee made the food taste delicious. Matt is very popular in the central Phoenix area so word spread like wild fire and he has been incredibly successful by serving good quality typical greasy spoon food, and I do think it is as simple as that.
1	I am another who does not understand the hype about this diner. I have been there twice.  I have had the waffles and hash browns.   The waffles were soggy and the hash browns were very greasy (both times).  I could have done that at home without the 45 minute wait.  Plus, the coffee is putrid.
5	sorry, everyone else---all the crybabies that want a big place to get a table fast, absoulutely comfortable refrigirated air, and room for your party of 38.  this is not your place, so deal with it.what it is, and the only way i found the place was doing some work about a couple blocks away, and wanted to get a good bite to eat.  nothing special, but something close.someone on our work crew steered me here.  i went back the second day as well.  the food is fresh, plentiful, and the service--at least to me was really attentinve.  i was lucky to hit the place where i did not have to wait.  places like this are the kind that i keep coming back to.  the quality of the food that i had was very very good, and the prices are reasonable as well.it's a cute place, but if you don't want cute, don't want to wait, and don't appreciate the kind of place that matt's it----go somewhere else.
4	I had breakfast here yesterday morning - early on a weekday with one of my best friends, and had no waiting time.  It was a really nice meal and the staff was really pleasant.  The decor is a little too bright for this early morning wanderer.  I'm not a morning person - I need time to wake up & charge up for the day.  I don't suggest this place for any more than 2.  I suggest avoiding the crowds and going early so that the experience isn't tainted.
5	Matt's Big Breakfast is a wonderful place in the morning to feel the life of downtown Phoenix.  I have eaten there 5 times in the last year and each meal was worth the 10 to 20 minute wait out side on the sidewalk.  At 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, July 3, my wife Marie and I ventured downtown and decided to have breakfast out.  Matt's was on our mind.  We waited outside only 5 minutes before getting a table by the window next to the kitchen entry.  Busy place, but the service was great.  Quick with the coffee for Marie and ice tea for me.  Marie ordered an omelet with cheese and mushrooms, while I decided on the special, eggs benedict.  We both had the home fries. When everything arrived, the meal was very yummy.  Marie, in her delicate way, snarfed down her omelet with a smile.  My eggs benedict was on a fresh English muffin, topped with ham, poached eggs, and a yummy hollandaise sauce.  Calories be damned!The whole meal cost $22.53 + 4.00 tip.Yes the place is small and you'll most likely have a short wait for a table, but get over that, because the experience of eating good food prepared by great people is worth your time.
5	This is such a cool little place, just about hidden in a little building in a crappy part of downtown Phoenix. It is one of those tiny little diners, with GREAT food. I am so happy one of my co-workers convinced me to try it out. Expect a wait if you go during peak hours. The simplicity of the menu, and the great food it worth the wait though.Not sure why some of you had such a bad experience... Maybe it's because you went in the summer, I would venture to say that any place that small and that busy would suck in the heat.
1	I heard lots of good stuff regarding this place so I decided to check it out and here's what I concluded1. Space: first of all this place is really, really, really tiny so sitting situations are way too close for comfort.  I recommend small party with 4 people max.2. Menu: just because its listed does not mean its available.3. Quality: not so great, my hash browns were burnt (more like hash blacks) and the rest of the food too greasy. I myself is not a big fan of Fat.4. Beverage: uh, I rather go to Circle K and get a cup.5: Service: ok, but for such a limited customers how can service go wrong?All in all I was not impress with this place.  I even went back for lunch thinking maybe it was only during breakfast that this place lacked the hype that everybody was talking about, but once again I very disappointed.  BTW i like my Burger with Butter and not Butter with Burger.
2	Average at best.  I have been here 3 times, primarily based on all the hype and wanting to be sure that I was giving Matt's a fair shake.  Listen, it's not terrible...but it's just nothing special at all.  The menu is basic and unimaginative.  I guess I would expect some creativity in the menu selections for such a "hot spot," but alas there is none.  The execution is ok, but not great.  I thought the hash browns were terrible (greasy and overdone) and the rest of it was quite ordinary, if not excessively greasy.  It's small and crowded.  The service was generally fine.  I also thought it was a bit overpriced...particularly the OJ, which I think was like $4 for a tiny glass of what seemed to be made-from-concentrate OJ.  Anyway, I think I'm done with this place.
4	While my friend Austin was here in town, he had wanted to eat at Matt's big breakfast after hearing about it on a travel channel show.  So, we wandered downtown and tried this place for breakfast.When approaching the restaurant, we noticed that parking was limited.  Mostly sidestreet metered parking.  We found an open meter, and went inside.The place is really cute from the outside, and crazy small on the inside.  Its more of a simple decor, with orange table tops, and white walls.  We had a small wait, and put our name on the list.Eventually, we sat at the bar after waiting about 15 minutes in the sun. I ordered a cheese omelette, and Austin ordered a cheeseburger.  Both our food came out, and it was tasty!  Service was quick, and we were in and out of there in less then an hour.O, and a word of advice.  The bathroom here is located in the middle of the kitchen!  I had "to go" while we were waiting, and I was surprised at the whole thing.  the bathroom is teeny tiny, and you have to walk through the kitchen to get to it.  Plus, its located immediately next to the grill!  If you can help it, either "hold it" or go before!  Fair warning for bathroom users!
4	I don't know what people expect from a "diner".  I took my parents there this week and both of them loved it.  This is not some "health food" place for the Birkenstock crowd.  This is traditional diner fare.  Greasy yes, and good.  My Father had the omelet with the hash browns and he loved it.  He even commented on how good the hashies were due to the fact they were slathered in butter/fat.  My mother had the pancakes and she loved them too.  They have corn meal in them which might not appeal to a "traditionalist", but they were very good nonetheless.  I had the Belgian waffle and it was very good too.  The coffee was typical diner fare as well.  I would not call it drek as I am a coffee snob and roast green beans at home.  The coffee was what I expected from a diner.  We went at 8AM on a Tuesday and walked right in.  The staff was friendly and prompt.  I would go again with no problem.
3	We decided to try the place out after seeing it on food network's diners, drive in, and dives.  I thought it was pretty good but my wife did not like it becasue it was to greasy. she did not like the butter fat.  We did have to wait a long time to eat.  It's small and they had a lot of flies in the windows which was a big turn off.
4	THE LINE IS HELLA LONG!!! so is the wait!! other than that I thought it was good..... Oh yah phoenix is hot.... and you will be standing in line outside!
3	If you're in the area and you have a small party, give it a shot.  It'll be good not great.  I love breakfast so I'd combed the Internet for breakfast joints to visit while in Phoenix.  Matt's Big Breakfast was near the top of the list.  Finally made it there today with my mom - not the most adventurous eater but game for a good experience.  She was turned off by the flies and the heat inside the restaurant but did enjoy her tuna sandwich and potato chips.  The tuna was tasty - light, not too soggy, not too much relish or add-ins.  It tasted pretty fresh and the bread was delicious - definitely not just out of a plastic bag.  The chips were a little cool but the pepper was a nice addition.I've read complaints about the coffee and I'd agree it wasn't that good.  Not awful but if you're open to other beverages I'd say grab something else when you're there.I had two eggs over easy, whole grain toast, and hash browns.  The hash browns were some of the greasiest I've ever eaten (and I eat a lot of hash browns) but at least we're dealing with real butter and olive oil at this place.  The potatoes are grated really fine which perhaps adds to your ability to see all the grease.  They were greasy but tasty.  Still, the home fries on a plate nearby looked equally, if not, more tasty.  The eggs were fine and the bread was delicious. I had to order everything a la carte because the only two egg breakfast on the menu involved bacon.  There are mostly 2 seater tables though they can pull up an extra chair to some of the tables but if you've got a larger party, prepare to wait. There's also counter space for people who are open to sitting at the counter.If you go around 1:30 pm, there's definitely no wait! :)The service was friendly though not particularly helpful.
4	I'm sure it's excellent -- but after waiting on line for 30 minutes on a Saturday morning, we sat down and realized that their menu is pretty small, and almost all dishes contain some sort of pork. That narrowed our choice to pretty much pancakes (just say "killing me softly with your buttah.."), so we bolted -- to Palatte. I'm sure it's great if you like good ol' home cookin' diner food, but for this New York food snob, the choices are too few to wield my wallet.
4	So I'm heading out to California and I decide to "load up" before I hit the road. I've been wanting to try Matt's ever since I moved here last year. So, I get up early to try to get a head start on traffic and lo and behold, traffic. I finally get there after a few wrong turns (Thanks stupid GPS, you're going back from whence you came). I sidle up to the bar and now the decicsion begins. Eggs? Omelette? Cakes? Cakes it is and a side of bacon. While I wait with my cup of coffee, which wasn't half bad, I take in the smallness of this place. Glad I got there early. The GriddleCakes arrive with the bacon. The sweet cream they use makes other places cakes seem like toast. Rich and fluffy with the melting butter on top and real maple syrup, Wooo! The bacon was nice. Cooked to where it wasn't too crispy or too rubbery. And with pepper. Now I just hope I don't fall asleep during my drive. Oh, and what's with the metered parking. I put my .60 in the meter which should have given me an hour and I go out to my car 45 minute later and the meter says expired. What?
5	Saw this place on Diners, Drive-In's and Dives on the Food Network and I knew I had to go if ever in the Phoenix area.As luck would have it I was out there this weekend for a wedding and this place was on my must visit list. Even at 10:30am on a Friday there is a line out the door for this place. We happily waited the 30 minutes and it was well worth the wait. The husband had the pork chop and eggs served with hash browns and thick hand cut toast. I opted for the breakfast special of the day which was a hot link scramble with fresh jalapenos and cheddar served with a warm tortilla and hash browns. I will go on record as saying this is the best breakfast I have ever had. The eggs were cooked perfectly, the tortilla warm and fresh, the hash browns were crispy (not greasy) on the outside and perfect on the inside. We couldn't resist trying the pancake made from scratch as well. Fluffy and light served with warm maple syrup. YUM!  We didn't have room for all this food but we wanted to make sure we sampled all Matt's had to offer. WOW great food , excellent prices and warm friendly service. This is a must visit local breakfast joint in Phoenix.
4	Pretty good stuff, Though I waited near 30 minutes for a two top :)  The food was good, the hasbrowns , cooked in REAL butter were nice and crispy, the griddle cakes muy deliciouso!  I don't recomend the bacon, as it was a bit undercooked, but do try the honey lemonade! WOWZA!  I am considering going back when it's not so busy.
2	I have a unique appreciation for smaller, urban, phoenix based spots.  Matt's Big Breakfast was recommended from a few people in my building.  I went there a few days ago and the wait was atrocious.  When I got to my table I was given a menu.  The food seemed fairly common and nothing stuck out.  The waiter seemed too involved with tasks that I assume far surpassed customer satisfaction in importance.  At best, this was a drawn out version of an old, unmaintained, dirty Denny's.  I will not return.
3	Food is good. Simple. Not worth the prices nor the wait. A small glass of orange juice is $2.50, which seemed a little pricey. Menu is small.Highly recommend going just to try it yourself, seeing how much fame it gets. I think they can pull it off giving that there's not many places that serve breakfast downtown.
2	So I'm watching Diners, Drive-in's and Dive's on the Food Network and they do a feature on this place.  Go on and on about the waffles.  So the next morning, we head over.  Walk up to the building and people everywhere just standing around.  So I walk in side and was stopped by a server and told to step outside.  She handed me a clipboard and walked back in.  Apparently, I was suppose to put my own name down on the list to be seated, so I did.  We waited almost and hour.  We were finally called to head in.  Walk in and can't believe how tiny this place is...they sit the three of us down at a table made for one so we're all fighting over elbow space.  Look over the menu and decide to order a waffle, eggs and OJ.  Server tells me the waffle iron is broken.  That was the only reason I came here because of the so called world famous waffles.  So I settle for pancakes, eggs and OJ.  They bring out my teaspoon of OJ.  Seriously I have never had such a small glass of OJ.  The food finally arrives, and to tell you the truth, it was good but not worth the hour of my life I spent standing outside waiting.  I'll stick to IHOP.
4	It's tempting to suggest, "an egg is just an egg". You hear that kind of thing a lot, and admittedly, there have been plenty of "legendary" breakfast places that have made me feel just that. Matt's Big Breakfast is not one of them.What makes MBB unique is the quality of the food and the quality of the ingredients they use to make it. True, there menu is small, and when you read it, nothing particular will jump out at you , but that doesn't mean there's nothing special on it. For instace, everybody serves hashbrowns but these are without a doubt THE BEST hashbrowns I have ever had. The omlettes and eggs are great too. No doubt, Matt's serves five-star food. It only loses a star because it's a little pricey and the wait is usually waaay too long. Maybe I shouldn't hold that against them, but I do...so get over it. Also, their lunch is just average, and of course, they close far too early.
4	What can I say That Ayesha didn't already cover? I love breakfast..and I love butter. Breakfast + butter + more butter = Matt's. I had an omelette which was filled with delicious cheese and as Ayesha mentioned the mushrooms had been cooked up in butter before going into the mix which is how I do it at home. The eggs were fluffy and delicious. The toast was thick. THICK. Yes the wait was long. The windows are huge so you can make those already eating uncomfortable by staring at them as they eat which is sort of fun right?The shooting pain in my left arm makes it hard to type, but with the smile on my face I am forced to try to put out this one last review before my early death to butter clogged arteries. They also got a boost when on the way out every single staff member shouted to us thank yous, and have a good days, and come back soons. Sweet folks. I will have to go back after the bypass surgery.
4	I thought this place was great! The wait wasn't that long at all, coming from NY I have seen alot worse. The actual restaurant itself is very small, obvious reason for the wait.  I ordered the Special of the Day - Huevos Rancheros along with an order of Griddle Cakes, both were quite delicious. Overall, the only negative was the wait which again wasn't as bad I was expecting.  I definitely will come back to this place, guaranteed a good breakfast.
5	Fantastic breakfast place.  Always worth the wait.  Found the place from Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives show.  I'm a big fan of breakfast, but I also know what a great breakfast tastes like.  This is it.  Don't be discouraged by the wait time or the close quarters.  Belly up to the counter if you're claustrophobic.   Everything I've eaten off of the menu has been stellar.  Some reviewers said orange juice was small, but it's fresh-squeezed and delicious (unless you just brushed your teeth).  Hog and Chick, Griddle Cakes, Waffle and Bacon, all phenomenal.  Service is always excellent here.  Sometimes there were three different people waiting on our party, but we never lacked for a thing.  Give it a shot!
4	I've lived downtown for 5 years now and never heard of this place until I saw it on 'Diners, Drive-ins and Dives'...Just kidding. I'm a semi-regular. I say "semi" because I go in series. I'll go four or five times in a two week period and then have to lay off and hit the gym to work off the 20 pounds I gained. But I keep going back.Matt uses a lot of butter when he cooks, which makes everything taste better. The fresh made pancakes and waffles are awesome with real maple syrup. The pork chop and eggs is a delightfully dangerous breakfast, marinated in a homemade pesto sauce (the porkchop, that is - who marinates eggs?). The thick cut bacon strips are great for breakfast and even better in the BLT (which I sometimes order with a fried egg on it for breakfast, a BELT).It looks as though most people are saying this is a '$' place but I would give it '$$'. I have yet to leave there with a bill under $10.Some complain about the wait but I have and answer for that - don't go if you're in a hurry. If you go on a weekend, bring an iPod or something to read while you're waiting.
3	I want to love this place. I really do.But I just can't.Sure, the food is pretty good, service is fairly quick and the people seem nice enough, but I have no idea how this place can function as a restaurant.It's VERY cramped, very loud and full of random old people just there to look hip.Oh, and the food is tasty because Matt obviously makes no attempt to make this stuff healthy. I wouldn't be surprised if this stuff gives me a heart attack the next time I go in.It's a boutique restaurant, and a must visit, but I definitely won't go very often.
5	Simply the best place in Arizona for breakfast!Matt's does absolutely everything right.  No freezers in the back, fresh produce from the market, and quality ingredients all the way around shows just how amazing independent restaurants can be.The obvious bad about Matt's is the wait.  There are few breakfast places that don't have a wait on Saturday or Sunday morning and Matt's is no exception.  The problem is, however, due to the limited capacity, the wait can become excessive.  I've never waited more than 90 minutes (that was with a group of 5) but when you are hungry, 20 minutes can seem like an hour.  If you can occupy yourself with a Kontakt or the Farmers Market long enough to stick around, the rewards are great.  Wonderful, quaint diner setting filled with bright white and orange walls and counters.  An intimate setting where you can be sure you will interact with at least someone else during your meal.  The food is great and I have yet to be disappointed.  I usually just order the Special, whatever it may be.  It makes it easier than trying to decide.  The Five Spot is another favorite of mine - egg and cheese breakfast sandwich that is top quality.  The wife always orders the hog and chick (meat and eggs).  The best part of every breakfast is the hashedbrowns that are cooked in butter and better than you've ever had them.The workers are sweet and full of personality.  Matt sometimes stops in to drop off milk or eggs or to say Hi to his wife.  She is usually running around making sure everything goes smoothly.  Do not let the wait deter you.  Go to Matt's.  Take every one of your visiting relatives and friends to Matt's.  Make a special trip from the far east or west valley to go to Matt's.  Just don't do it the day that I go.
5	Yes, I will admit that my family watches Triple D.  Now with that said my wife and I have been to a few of the joints showcased on that show.  As many of you that have started this journey like we have you find killer places and some okay places.  Matt's is a KILLER place.My wife and I were recently in the Phoenix area for a part of our vacation and planned to stop in for breakfast at Matt's the first morning.  We got there ~8am on Saturday morning and only had to wait about 15 minutes.  Yes the place was small but being the two of us it was not a challenge.  There are about 9 tables total (assuming setup for 2) and 8 or so counter spots.The food is awesome!!  It was so good we changed our plans and went back the next morning! Here is what we had:Pork chop marinated with pesto and eggs with home fries, side of bacon and toast with their very tasty home made jelly.  The pork chop is to die for.  I am a big pork chop for breakfast fan and usually very disappointed.  Not at Matt's, it was tender and cooked perfectly.  My eggs were cooked exactly like I asked for and the bacon is like think slices of heaven!  I had to have bacon both mornings and I am not a breakfast bacon fan usually.  This bacon would make anything taste great!  My wife had the daily special which was chicken sausage, fresh spinach and fontina cheese scramble.  Once again cooked perfect, not greasy at all but with big flavor.  We both had home fries which were incredible.  Nice crust with some rosemary and caramelized onions.  Pretty close to perfect!The next day my wife had the waffle, which she liked.  The fresh maple syrup was the real star of this dish.  She was kind enough to pass the bacon to me (I know twist my arm).  I had the breakfast special which was a sirloin steak, eggs and hash browns.  The steak was SUPER tender and cooked EXACTLY how I asked (you can tell I do not experience that often).  It was obviously a good cut of meat and had been seasoned very nicely.  The hash browns were very nice.  Crust on both sides and tender in the middle.  Exactly what you would hope for.  Lastly was their toast and home made jelly.  It was like butter!!!  Nothing like your store bought jelly.  I am not a jelly fan but ate all of it both mornings!!!As for the service it was pretty good.  They were slammed on the first morning but were pleasant.  The family atmosphere really made the hustle and bustle not so bad.  The second time we went in they remembered us and took the time to talk for a few minutes and show their appreciation for us coming back so soon.  Very nice touch!Overall this now my favorite breakfast joint from Triple D.  Whenever I travel to Phoenix I will plan to stop in.  I would highly recommend it to anyone that wants breakfast cooked the way it should be!
4	The fam and I were hitting some DDD spots last week in Phoenix while we were out there from LA, and we had to hit Matts.I've actually thought a lot about this place since, and I have to say I dig it.  It has a serious funky factor - it's tiny, loud and the servers are friendly and outgoing.As for the food, the pancakes were rock star - absolutely delicious.  If I was on death row getting my last meal, those cakes would send me to the great beyond in peace.Other foods were good, and I don't get the deal with everyone saying the coffee is crappy - it's better than chain restaurants, so I don't know what the problem is.There is one thing that's keeping me from giving it 5 start.  While we were there, about 5 minutes after we ordered, the power went out on the whole block.  To their credit, they finished our order, but the place heated up and filled with smoke from the grill (the fans weren't working), and by the end of the meal we couldn't see the back of the restaurant from the smoke.That's fine and all, but someone called Matt and he came down and was stomping back and forth through the restaurant - walking around outside, back in, back outside.  The place was full, and it would have been appropriate for him, as the proprietor to talk to the customers, let us know what's going on - he didn't do anything, and we were all just staring at each other and him.  It was a weird scene - he could have set everyone at ease, and at least poured everyone some free iced tea, but there was nada.Power failures aside, the place is the bomb, and just what a breakfast place should be.
5	I heart Matt! He must  be  some kind of food saint. No make that a food angel , well whatever he does, he has the magic touch.  We had a super delicious breakfast this morning. My husband and arrived about 9:00 am after riding  the metro rail ( get off on Roosevelt  station   FYI )  waited about 20 minutes for our  table. We  had a great waiter who was fast, courteous and attentive. Our order of pancakes, breakfast sandwich, and omelet arrived really quick. My husband quickly exclaimed "Oh my gosh this is so good", and it was.  We were so thrilled with our fabulous breakfast that the family waiting for a table outside was giggling at us.  Laugh away we  are eating good while your party of 7 waits, HA! !! The food  had a super fresh taste. The breakfast sandwich had rich caramelized onions  that really enhanced the flavor of ham  and eggs on a tasty soft roll.  My pancakes were light and fluffy and I secretly envied the ability to get them that light and tasty.  The syrup  was served hot and rich.  The omelet  was smooth and cheesy and literally was falling off the plate it was so big.  Did I mentioned Matt uses local  fresh ingredients ?We also had shared a sweet little glass of orange juice that tasted like you squeezed the juice 5 seconds ago . It hit the spot. Service was well thought out and friendly. they could go crazy in that little  tiny busy  restaurant but the staff seemed to take all the happenings in stride.   Remember if you go ,put your name on the pad on the table out front as soon as you get there. If you have  a small party you might find a  place at the counter.  I 'd advise to be prepared to wait  but it's so worth it.
5	Place is crazy good. Breakfast favorites that don't skimp on flavor...or saturated fats. Isn't that what breakfast is all about. If you're only going to eat out breakfast a few times a month, this is the spot. Don't be fooled by other Phoenix Yelp haters..."too loud", "not worth the price", "I want to love this place, but...", same old tired reviews left at all of PHX's favorite restaurants. Check this place out, grab a coffee while you wait, and hope the Matt wants to expand the operation.
3	Because of the name of the restaurant and the line outside, I gained certain expectations. I was expecting a BIG BREAKFAST and amazing tasting food. However, I was disappointed. I had the Chop and Chick with home fries. This item was not worth the wait or the price. The serving size was small. The taste was forgettable. I also had the Waffle, which saved the experience. I have to admit it was tasty. I love a waffle where the batter is sweet and doesn't need too much syrup. Also, it came with a slice of bacon, which had a kick to it making it super good. Lastly, it was decently priced. I was close to saying that it's worth the wait, but I found out it's not too hard to make a similar waffle at home by just adding malt to your waffle mix. This wouldn't be my first choice for breakfast, but if you're like me and you like to try places featured on the Food Network, just order the bacon. It's unique and different.
5	Wowie!! Try the Rueben it's too die for . Thick slabs of pastrami , cheese and a delicious rye bread.
5	i know the real secret to Matt's Wu-tang Style. some people may think Matt's is over rated. but i know that to be false. Matt's is THE BEST BREAKFAST...period. there has not been a single time i was unhappy with the service, price, or wait. i would wait an hour, heck two hours if need be. the 5-spot is by far my favorite breakfast item. its like a full on taste cell orgy. with over 50 taste cells per taste bud and a human tongue containing several million taste buds you have to figure that is alot of ecstasy in your mouth. if i could justify the time spent waiting as a business expense i would be there every morning. Matt and Erenia have a great thing going here.
5	GRANDMA !!!!!! ARE YOU BACK IN THAT KITCHEN?? GET OUT OF THERE!!! That's basically how I always describe this place.. "Its grandma breakfast"... you know fresh, cooked to order, and way too much! I have always loved Matts and have been coming for many years...the only thing I hate.. the wait.. (well, that and the unfinished, sloppy paint job in the dining room) The food is ALWAYS great here... their pork products are amazing! Super fresh cage-fee chicken eggs, local produce and hearty THICKLY sliced breads served with a side of strawberry lavender preserves... yummy. If you're not in a hurry and have the time to endure the wait... this place is HIGHLY recommended! Although my grandma left me many years ago... her breakfast spirit lives here!
4	Ooh, I can help push Matt's to past 100 reviews! Before, I only got stuff by takeout because the wait was just too much. This morning, decided to just suck it up. The fact that the downtown farmer's market is right across the street helps. I recommend signing the wait list before you're actually hungry and go check out all the local vendors.I previously had the hog and chick with "off-the-bone ham." Mmmm....the ham is always flavorful and just the right amount of tender. I love how the toast is actually hunks of sourdough or wheat rolls with jam that's not a little Smuckers packet. Back to what I ate this trip, I finally had their Belgian style waffle. It was bordering on perfect--crispy in all the right places and steaming and soft inside. I love how they serve the syrup warm. The bacon was thick but not too dense. And the freshly squeezed orange juice of course complemented it all. Hard to believe that they don't add any sugar to the juice. I like how the hash browns aren't greasy like what you'd get at IHOP or Denny's. The staff are quite friendly and make sure you've been attended to. The atmosphere in the little red brick house is a jovial neighborhood diner feel. Our wait was not quite half an hour but that's after we returned from the farmer's market to check on our wait. Time it all before you're actually starving and you'll be good.
5	i can never remember if i like the hash browns or home fries. it's the home fries, definitely. portions are super huge. i don't go here nearly enough, but maybe that's a good thing. breakfast is too delicious for words.
4	The pork chop & eggs w/ home fries is out of control.  I feel the same way about this place as I do Roscoe's.... you don't go for an egg white omelet, you go to just enjoy yourself & eat some food that your grandparents used to make the old school way, butter & grease.  Just too darn good to pass up.
5	After finally going I definitely believe all the hype. Everything I got was delicious; the pancakes, waffle, eggs, bacon, hash browns and even fresh squeezed orange juice. I got there at 9:20 on a Sunday and there was about an hour wait, but it was well worth it. It is a very small restaurant, but that obviously does not stop the people from enjoying their great food. The service was on point, our food came out right away and when I ordered some extra things, that came out right away too. I would definitely like to try their lunch menu as well.
4	What's not to love? Cool small-diner atmosphere, crazy good food, ginormous portions, decent coffee (so many places underestimate the power of a good cup of joe), and you can laugh at Guy's stencil near the register. 4-egg chorizo and jalapeno scramble... if you see it on the board, GET IT.
5	OK, I've wanted to try Matt's for a while, but I had drivien by and seen how small it was and heard of the long lines to get in. When I get up, I'm hungry and ready to eat...I happened to get up early last Saturday and thought "Hey, maybe I can get a seat at Matt's if I get over there early!" In a few minutes, my companion and I were on the road and on the way to Matt's as fast as her little Scion XB could carry us...My master plan was a success and we were seated within minutes of arriving. I ordered the Chop & Chick, and my friend ordered the special which was a scramble with chicken sausage, cheese, and greens.We were seated at the window bar and enjoyed several cups of good diner coffee (nice and strong, without being bitter) while we waited... and waited... and waited...We noticed several tables come and go while we were waiting and as we were starting to get worried, Matt came to our table and apologetically told us that our ticket had fallen and gotten lost for a while and that our food was their top priority at that point. In the next five minutes, I'm pretty sure that every employee came by to apologize to us and ask if there was anything that they could get for us.When our food did arrive is was steaming hot and delicious. The Chop & Chick was exactly as one would expect. Perfectly cooked over-easy eggs, no gooey whites, but plenty of liquid yolk with which to dip my home fries in. The pork chop was of average breakfast size, but cooked well and still nice and juicy.My companion's special scramble was so good that it made me question my undying love of the majikal animal (pork) and the hash browns were awesomely crispy (but begging to be covered in gravy ;-)As we ate, Matt came by and apologized again for losing our ticket and asked us to enjoy our breakfast on the house. It was so good that I kinda felt bad about taking them up on their offer, but I decided that I'd make it up to them by going out of my way for more early breakfasts there.So, was it a perfect breakfast experience? No.But the manner in which the mistake was handled, the professionalism of the staff, and the quality of the food puts Matt's Big Breakfast at or near the top of my Phoenix breakfast list.
4	*burp*You know you have to put the guilt aside when it's lunch with your girlfriends.  More so when Dottsy suggested Matt's.  It was my first time, I remember it like it was yesterday.  Or, a half hour ago.Sign-in at the door to wait to be seated.  Gorgeous day out, so no big deal.  I took a seat on the bench outside and waited for Dottsy.  Then a lady sat at the other end of the bench and my side flipped up.  I had heard it was small...but not *this* small!  It was really cute and the staff was super-friendly.  I had to pee, though.  Apparently, the bathroom was off the kitchen.  OK.  I hope to myself as I make my way past the grills that I am not posing a health hazard to Matt's.  I mean, I was wearing a baseball cap, but no net!  Bathroom was tiny with no mirror.  That was ok for me, because, as I stated, it was baseball cap day.  The bathroom and its location are the only reason I took a star off.I got the cheddar and mushroom omelet.  Came with a side of hash browns and toast.  With a little cup of jelly.  At first, I didn't know it was jelly...until Dottsy saw a man put his little cup-o-stuff on his toast. Omelet was huge, as was the hash brown.  The omelet was stuffed.  STUFFED with cheese and mushrooms.  I could see the butter on the plate.  Oh, man, this was gonna ROCK!  The hash brown was made from spaghetti-cut potatoes. Mmmmmmmmmmmyummy!I ate it all.  Everything.  I mean, I waited a half hour to be seated.  And my 20-year High School reunion isn't until July.  So, that's ok that I cleaned off my plate.  Right?  RIGHT????Oh, and I ran into Dallas there.  Always a plus!
4	Whether you treat breakfast like dessert or like bbq, this is the place to start your day.  I recommend the ridiculous waffle or the salami scramble. What I am talking about... order both, you deserve it!
5	My family and I parked our asses at the breakfast bar after a 45 minute wait.  And had a perfect breakfast.Ernie was delightful to chat with, but more importantly, the breakfasts were spot on.  Great cakes, great scramble, amazing chunky breakfast potatoes, and am I imagining it or did I get served a bloody mary?  Hey, a guy can dream.  :)
4	I have seen the lines here on the weekends and avoid the place but I drive by during the week sometimes and notice nobody standing around so I sneak in for some food.  The specials I have tried were all very good. I love the buttery hash browns. Mmmm.. Tried a waffle and it was great also. This is one of the best breakfast resturants I have tried.
4	I have been told about Matt's countless times and always heard about what a tiny place it was, but until I actually went for the first time, I never got the irony in the name "Matt's Big Breakfast." I was doped up on anesthesia, so I really enjoyed sitting at the window bar so I could people watch, and so that the other patrons could not watch my weird facial expressions. For a vegetarian, the menu did not have a huge offering, but it was a clear choice for me: egg and cheese omelet with cheddar and provolone, hash-browns, sourdough toast and coffee. Ummm... DELICIOUS!!!! Seriously, this breakfast was really awesome. I might have gained five pounds from the butter it was all cooked in, but really, who cares. The blackberry jam they happened to be serving that day was absolutely phenomenal, and I hate jam, so you know it must have been good. I don't know if they have a bathroom but it did not appear so. As previously mentioned in probably every review and earlier in my review, this place is reallllly small. The service was great. They served our drinks, took our order and served our food quicker than I expected, especially since the place was packed the entire time. The only thing that kept this place from being 5 stars was the coffee. It just wasn't good. Call me a coffee snob if you must.
4	I'll qualify this review up front: all I ever ask for in a breakfast is a pile of extra crispy hash browns and two to three eggs, over easy.  I put the eggs on top, dump some salt, pepper, and tabasco on there, and mix it all up.  If you learn nothing else from me, learn this: that is the way to start the day.Having said that, damn does Matt's have some good hashbrowns and eggs.  But I give it extra credit for having delicious looking pancakes, which I've never eaten, and some really damn good honey lemonade.  I had pork chops and eggs there, and I've had the T-bone and eggs there, but the meats are really just a distraction from what I love so much.
5	Do I really want to add to the love-fest? Yes I do.I've been here twice, and gotten in once (the wait got me the other visit). But now that I've made it inside, I can tell you that the wait is well worth it.M had it as simple as you can get: A single egg, scrambled. And it was light, fluffy and perfect.I had the Honey Lemonade and wish I could have it every day. I also had the waffle & Bacon, both were amazing. The thick cut peppery bacon is soo good. I don't eat a lot of pork; so for me to love bacon, it's a big deal.  The waffle is the best I've ever had. the exterior is perfectly golden brown, and the inside is like eating a cloud. A tasty tasty cloud.Wait it out, it's worth it.
3	Good chicken pesto sandwich.Such a tiny kitchen!  Felt strange having to walk through it to get to the broom closet of a bathroom.
2	Sorry... can't get over the teaspoon of orange juice.
4	Small place, but a great breakfast. The waffle was perfect and the service was prompt. We went during the week, and the wait was about 10 minutes.
5	Believe the hype. That's all I can say. This place is the kama sutra of flavor for your taste buds.
4	Awesome! On Saturday, get there as early as possible, put your name down on the list and walk over to the farmer's market for a quick look around and you'll be back in time to get your table... Food's great, service is quick and the prices are reasonable... Love this place!
5	There isn't much to say about Matt's other than they have the best damn breakfast in the Valley.  You have to appreciate a homegrown diner where the owner makes everyday appearances, his wife runs the place, and they use the best, freshest, local ingredients.  Kudos.I get the Hog and Chick every single time I go, I never stray.  Eggs over medium, hash browns, wheat toast, and the best damn bacon ever.  Always perfect every time.  I have never tasted bacon so good in my life.  The hash browns are out of this world.  They get shredded super fine and are cooked up on the griddle in loads of butter.  The BEST.If you want to seem cool and in the know, at lunch time order the Insider Burger.  It's a traditional burger smothered in cheese, bacon added, and topped with an egg.  My brother loves it.  Similar to a Royal Red Robin Burger, but obviously superior.The only negative is the wicked crowd that can form for breakfast.  Bring a lot of water with you and some sunscreen if you can brave the summer wait.Simply put, this place is amazing.  I am so lucky to be so close to this place.  Sometimes to avoid the wait, my husband and I wake up at 6:30 on a Saturday morning, head over for breakfast and beat the crowds.  After a hearty button bursting breakfast, we ride our bikes home and go back to sleep.  That is the life my friends.  You should try it.
4	Matts Big breakfast is great.  We go there frequently.  Yes it is small but isnt that part of the deal that makes Matts place special?  I think so.  They really do a great job of using every inch of the place to feed hungry patrons.  Almost always the service is quick, and typically the staff is helpful.  There has been the occasional bump in the road but we go there often and everyone can have an off day.....I will be back! If you want a great breakfast Eat at Matts!!!!!
3	The Place: After reading many of the hundreds of reviews talking about the size of Matt's, I was still surprised when I pulled up with my family and the restaurant was the building that looked like a small shed.  LOL.  Forget small, the place is micro.  It has a bit of an urban chic/diner-vibe, but there is nothing to the appearance that would make someone ooh and aah.  Our table was two tables for two, butted together with two chairs facing the window/wall, and the other two facing each other, an odd, but space saving layout.  We were in the first room where there is also a tall bar to sit and eat, however that bar is also part of the "list".The Food:I ordered the Hog & Chick with scrambled eggs, bacon, wheat toast, and home fries.  The bacon was as good as most have commented, a little sweet, smokey, and peppery.  The wheat toast was thick-cut and super grainy and served with raspberry lavender jam, both super.  The eggs were fresh, but just scrambled eggs.  In my opinion the highlight of my dish was the home fries - these potatoes were cut into chunks and fried with fresh rosemary twigs and onions.  I thought I needed ketchup for them, not hardly.  My wife tried the pancakes and wasn't particularly impressed, nor was I when I tried a bite.  They were okay, just not amazing.  Since there is no kids menu (which is an oversight in my mind) my older daughter ordered the waffle.  It smelled great, and she polished it off before I could get a taste.  I thought it looked good - and she said it tasted great.  Nice touch is that both waffles and pancakes come with REAL & VERY HOT maple syrup.  My other monkey, er daughter, had the Hog & Chick as well, however she had the hashbrowns and country ham.  The ham was good, but salty like good ham should be.  The hashbrowns were REALLY soaked in oil/butter.  They were crispy on both sides, but whoa ... really soaked.The Bottom Line:We got REALLY lucky in that we got there and were able to get seated within about 5 minutes.  This was around 8:30am on a Thursday, as soon as we were seated, the crowd showed up and there were at least 20 people milling around outside waiting to eat.  The parking stinks, micro lot behind the restaurant, and other than that it's metered parking.  $.60/hour is still cheap though.I enjoyed the food and the experience was a little to crazy for my family of four with two squirmy kids.  I'm not a hater, but I'm not going to tell you it's the best breakfast I've ever had either.  The prices were fair, but again with a family of four with two small kids we tend to appreciate a place with a kid menu.If it was only adults and we weren't so wiggly it might have been a different story.  I'm not sure I'm headed back there any time soon with my little wiggle worms.  That being said, you should try it and see what you think.(big plus is that they took AMEX - one of the few small shops that do)
4	Believe it or not, I finally had my first Matt's experience this morning... I'd been hearing about Matt's Big Breakfast for ages, but never really wanted to make the drive to wait forever just for a greasy breakfast!However, we were talked into Matt's by some friends of ours that were also Matt's virgins... we met there around 10am, only to find that there were about 2 full pages worth of names ahead of us, and that they would not quote a wait... Matt's was smaller than I imagined, so I knew it would take awhile.  We debated going elsewhere and even went over to The Turf for coffee.  (If the service there were better there, we probably would've just stayed there, but we figured if we were going to wait, we'd just wait for Matt's).  My pregnant friend went into Matt's at one point to use the bathroom and they told her she had to go to the hotel nextdoor and 'ask for Mike.'  That was a bit shady...About an hour and a half later, our party of four was seated... and needless to say, we were all starving by then!  We started with some fresh squeezed OJ and coffee.  (The OJ glasses were tiny, but each sip tasted like heaven... and I was pleased to see that they use coffee fresh from Cave Creek Coffee Co.)When it was time to order, I was extremely disappointed that after that long wait, they were out of whole wheat toast.  I ended up getting an egg white omelette (yes, they do egg whites), hashbrowns, sour dough toast + preserves.  I could eat only about half of it... but what I did eat was good, greasy, and filled me up for most of the day.I don't really see myself rushing back to Matt's again anytime soon - unless it's on a weekday when the wait isn't so bad.  But I will say I'm happy that I finally made it to Matt's - and oh, what an experience it was!
5	We heard this was the best breakfast place in the Phoenix area so we had to check it out.The long wait wasn't fun, but we figured if that many people were willing to wait almost an hour (10:30am on a Saturday, go figure), then it must be good.It did not disappoint. The waffles were great, but my favorite was the homefries!It was small and quaint and we had good service with a friendly staff.Oh yeah, and they serve RC Cola, which made it even a better experience for me.
4	Thanks to Guy Fieri of FoodNetwork fame, this place was at the top of my list for a weekend getaway to Phoenix/Scottsdale! My friend and I drove directly from the airport to Matt's, which turned out to be in a rather desolate location but easy enough to find. Our timing was just right because we arrived a little before noon and were seated within minutes.Since I'd been up since dawn and not had a proper meal, I went all out and ordered the Hog and the Chick (choice of pork product with eggs), plus a side of the pancakes! It was all fantastic--just wish I could have finished it. The bacon was tasty and the griddlecakes were amazing! They had this wonderful texture, substantial but still light, tasted of corn, and stood up to the syrup. I hate when pancakes go all soggy with syrup, but these didn't. They just stayed delicious to the last bite. Yum!Will definitely go back if I'm ever in Phoenix again.
4	Went here this morning. As usual, the wait was crowded out to the corner of 1st Street. People are willing to wait for good food, I suppose. Once you get inside Matt's Big Breakfast (it was about an hour wait for us on a Saturday morning), you see why it took so long. There's about 15 seats in the whole place and it's tiny...like a Manhattan hotel room. People are bumping into each other, sliding around and the commotion is high. It's loud, it's gritty and it's the perfect diner setting.For all the press it's gotten, the food better be damn good. And it is. The eggs are cage raised and organic, the pork is from high-quality Iowa farms and most of the produce is local. The fresh-squeezed OJ is legit. And the coffee is from a premium roaster in Cave Creek, AZ. The hash browns are very much like you would find at a joint in the Midwest: buttery on the inside and crispy brown on the outside. Do yourself a favor and brave the wait and the commotion... it's worth it.
5	On my recent vacation I learned that Guy Fieri can be trusted with any food decision. We waited 1.5 hours on a Saturday morning to get in to Matt's, and I would wait longer next time if I had to. The staff was incredibly friendly and the food was beyond description. I ordered the Five Spot, a side of Home fries, and a Honey Lemonade. The Five Spot was a breakfast sandwich featuring a fried egg, thick cut bacon, cheese, and grilled onions. Its possible that there was another element on the sandwich, but I was in taste heaven and didn't stop to consider what the sandwich was made of.... My home fries were thick cut potatoes with lots of grilled onions and large pieces of rosemary. The large pieces allowed for the flavor to permeate, and I was able to pick around them so that it didn't feel that I was chewing on little sticks. The honey lemonade was so great that I ordered a second glass to-go! Matt's is small and seats only 25 diners at a time, but it is definitely a flavor powerhouse! From now on, I will encourage anyone I know traveling to Phoenix to stop by Matt's. It was fantastic.
3	Want a simple breakfast without doodads and sprinkles? Hate when people come clapping by your table to sing Happy Birthday to little Timmy in the booth behind you when all you want is some f-ing breakfast and coffee? Matt's is the place for you. I had the pleasure of meeting Amy D for lunch here a while back. I must say I was seriously surprised how simple everything was. I don't know what I was expecting, but this is a pretty straightforward breakfast joint. For my breakfast, I had bacon, eggs, hash browns and 1 pancake that was large enough for two. I washed it all down with their honey sweetened lemonade, which I thoroughly enjoyed! So why three stars? First of all, a three star rating is NOT a bad rating. Second, it's breakfast. There really is no way to mess up a simple breakfast. I definitely will go back to try their burgers and maybe I'll boost my rating. Matt's is A-OK in my book and I look forward to going back!
4	Matts feels like home. The tables remind me of snack time in Grandma's kitchen, the salt and pepper shakers remind me of the ones that sat on my neighbor's counter in her collections.... even the slightly wobbly leg of the chair reminds me of my college apartment furnished with family castaways and thrift shop treasures. REAL food comes from a place that feels so much like home... by real, i mean... real eggs, real butter, real sausage.... Food at Matt's is pure and innocent... Pancakes with butter. Eggs with potatoes and bacon. Classic. yum.
5	OMG - eggs Benedict special was amazing!I usually try to eat somewhat well, sauce on the side, eat half, cancer causing sweetener.All that went out the window when i walked in there this morning.Luckily there was a short wait and it was a great day out!Put your name on the list by the door. Don't come into the restaurant unless you know you should - it's too small!!The staff is amazingly friendly and down to earth!We were seated promptly when called, got coffee and oj (order the double oj, small is really just a taste!)Hubby did the Hog and Chix - mmmm! Bacon looked amazing. Bread is thick cut and comes with fabulous strawberry rhubarb jelly. Mmmm!I did the Benedict and it was amazing - did i mention it was amazing?The sauce, oh the sauce.The hamThe home made english muffin - smothered in butter...  yes my arteries are clogging as i write this...  but wow!The home fries with the caramelized onions.The coffee with the organic raw sugar.Amazing!Cute little location. Limited parking - but we walked so it didn't effect us much.Short menu, but super yummy!
4	This morning's target was Matt's Big Breakfast in Phoenix. After all of the media hype over this little original were they going to be as good as promised?We were thrilled to find that Matt's is very close to the Light Rail stop at Roosevelt and Central, so we took the train and didn't have to worry about finding a parking spot. A very good thing as it turns out as there are a few parking lots near Matt's but all of them were full.I had heard that's Matt's was small, but I was not prepared for just how small. One car garage small. Including the kitchen! This causes a major problem for hungry customers, the wait was nearly two hours! Wow, this place must be great if people are willing to stand out in the rain for nearly two hours to get in.Once we were inside and seated things actually moved pretty quickly. We actually had food inside of ten minutes of ordering. The only con inside I saw really was how loud it was. But hey, I could live with that.The food was very good. My wife had the Chop and Chix, a lovely seasoned pork chop, eggs perfectly cooked, home style potatoes and toast. I had a Salami Scramble, three eggs, Molinari sopresseta, hash browns and toast. It was all very good, very flavorful.However, after the hype and the nearly 2 hour wait to get in I was expecting outstanding not just very good. The other reality check item for Matt's was the price. I ordered a soda, $2.75, what I received was a 12oz can of soda. Yup, nearly twice the price of a six-pack of soda at any store in town for one can. A 4oz glass of orange juice, granted freshly squeezed, was also nearly $3.00. Hmmm, I didn't order any. Total bill for our breakfast was $27.00 plus tip.Bottom line? Matt's Big Breakfast has very good food, but only very good food. There was nothing exceptional here to justify all of the hype, there are many other breakfast places here in town with food at least as good if not better than Matt's for less money and without the marathon wait to get in.If you go to Matt's expect to wait at least an hour, you will enjoy the food I promise. Only you can decide if the wait and the price are worth it.
4	I like Matt's.  I understand some of the criticisms but I also understand the raves.Pros: -The food IS good. Some of the items are breakfast basics, sure, but the pancakes are anything but ordinary.  They're almost perfect.   The home fries are great - rosemary goodness. There's also a great menu selection - a nice mix of breakfast standards with unique and special twists.-The atmosphere.  Yeah it's small, but it's part of the charm.Con:-It's expensive.  There's no way around it.- It IS small.  You will have to wait, sometimes for a long time.
3	Wanted to try either the pork chop or the Hog and Chick, but it was Good Friday (meat abstinence), so I ordered the cheese omelette with Wisconsin cheddar, hash browns (extra- crispy) and sourdough toast.  Omelette, made with eggs laid by cage-free hens, was perfectly cooked, looked wonderfully cheesy, and tasted divine; and while the hash browns tasted delicious and were amazingly crispy, they were definitely GREEN in color... Very buttery.  Loved the sourdough toast, especially when slathered with seedless blackberry preserves.New health ordinance (implemented just a couple of weeks ago) does not allow Matt's customers to use the restroom behind its kitchen (one would have to walk between the work stations and the oven-grill to use it), so if you need to use the lavatory, you will to have use the one at the Coronado Hotel next door.
5	What hasn't been said about Matt's???  It's great food and the folks that work there are as friendly as they can be.  Get there early or you'll wait.  Every time I bring the two year old with me the staff goes out their way to take care of this Daddy on a date with his daughter.  Hog and Chick is the staple and the hash brown taste like they've been cooked in a pound of butter.  Be still my beating heart... Eat any more and we'll see that.  The Missus had the pancakes and they were also great.  Fresh ingredients abound and you syrup isn't flavored corn syrup.  Real maple syrup!!!  A true Phoenix landmark and place to eat
5	It appears as if my first review of this fine establishment was pushing the envelope a bit, so allow me to reintroduce my opinion of one of my favorite places to dine in this city. Matt Pool and his breakfast restaurant have received national critical acclaim for their use of local, fresh, organic ingredients and their simple traditional preparation of American breakfast classics. The number one complaint I encounter about this restaurant is the wait. Of course there's a wait, it's probably the most famous breakfast joint in this state, and there's a reason people flock to it 6 days a week: because its really good food served by a really good staff. I'm sure that the people who complain about the wait here are the same people who complain about the wait at Pizzeria Bianco. To all of those people, I pose this question to you: since when has dining out in America become this rush to get in, stuff your gullet and get out as fast as possible? Why is dining in this country no longer about the experience and the socialization you get with your fellow diners? Why not come downtown, sign up for a table, and then stroll down to Fair Trade for a latte while you wait, or take a nice walk around and see what the Roosevelt district has to offer? We're always in such a hurry...I say it's nice to slow down, spend some time with our friends and family and nosh on a breakfast that is totally worth the wait. I believe that many restaurants have spoiled the average American consumer with instant gratification--how many times have you refused to wait at a restaurant because the wait was 30+ minutes? We want good food, and we want it now, screw everyone else, and if you can't feed our bellies within 30 minutes, we'll take our business somewhere else. This attitude is crap. You have to slow down and appreciate how hard this little restaurant works. Matt's wife is there 6 days a week to ensure that their business is performing at the level at which it should. The kitchen staff is there from 6:00 am to almost 4pm sometimes churning out thousands of plates of fried eggs, thick peppered bacon, hash browns, home fries, pancakes, pork chops, burgers...The point is, a lot of love and thought has gone into this restaurant to make sure that every single ingredient put on your plate is of the highest quality possible and is prepared by a very talented kitchen staff. It is a small restaurant, but it's always warm and inviting, and the coffee is always hot and fresh and they might not serve you a huge glass of orange juice, but it's always 100% fresh, squeezed that morning by the staff. After my plea to try and understand the other side of this restaurant, I know that I may not have been able to make everyone stop and reconsider any opinions they might have about this place: the wait, the small serving of orange juice, the confined areas, and that's OK. All I'm saying is that this place is an institution in downtown dining...and it's really nice to go an experience the food, the service and the though that goes into running this business if only every once in a blue moon. And if not, that's OK, because there are plenty of people who will gladly take your place in line.
5	My husband and I were visting Phoenix this past week. We looked on Yelp for a recommendation for a great breakfast place that wasn't far from our hotel downtown. Boy were we happy we found Matts! It was Thursday morning and the wait was only about 10 minutes. The restaurant is small and lively. The service was fast and friendly. And the food was FANTASTIC! I got the H & C - with delicious thick cut peppered bacon and fluffy scrambled eggs. The hashbrowns were delicous and the thick slices of sourdough toast with raspberry preserves completed the meal. The coffee was also very good. My husband had the salami scramble and thought it was very tasty as well. Matt's was one of the highlights of our week!
3	Been here a couple times.  Liked it a lot, the food was good, the service is warm and friendly and the wait was fun with friends.  I don't have anything against Matt - I love the Roosevelt and visit there fairly often - I just don't see the point in waiting, in the sun, for breakfast - when it's not that special and if you have to walk into the hotel next door to use the restroom.  I am looking forward to some competition.
3	I love breakfast food. Usually there are great options for non-meat eaters. But this is really a meat-eater's breakfast paradise. We realized during the long (1  1/2 hour) wait that we would have limited offerings, but everyone leaving assured us it was worth the wait and it was too late to get breakfast someplace else. Matt's served the hottest, best tasting scrambled eggs, amazing coffee and some pretty good pancakes.  My companion ordered the tuna sandwich. Good, but not worth the wait. Four stars for the food, minus the wait and the choices.
1	Ok, someone please explain something to me, WHAT ON EARTH HAS MADE THIS PLACE SO POPULAR????? I went to check this place out after seeing it on DDD. It looked interesting and the food looked like it could be pretty good. Well, not to sound mean or anything but, I can make much better breakfast in my own kitchen for about half the price. Any Denny's in America makes a better breakfast and you don't have to wait in line for an hour and a half either. Im sorry but I just don't get it. The only thing that "wasn't" completely average was the bacon. The portions were WAY to small and the food was WAY, WAY over priced. "Good food, good portion size, good price". This place breaks all 3 of those rules. Come on people lets stop following the crowd and lets try and open our minds a little. If everyone would do that I don't think Matts would be in business much longer.
4	Rather than making this another dissertation on every detail of my restaurant experience, I'll try for once to keep it short and sweet. I came here on a Tuesday morning with my friend and my toddler, after a short wait we were seated. We both ordered the bacon and eggs with hash browns. Mine scrambled, hers sunny side up and I also got a pancake on the side for the toddler and me to share (so he wouldn't steal all of my scrambled eggs). The food came pretty quickly and everything was good. My friend said the hash browns were better seasoned last time she was there (they needed a little salt). They were actually made from honest to god, real potatoes, and when was the last time you saw that? I saw in the reviews that they have the best scrambled eggs but I wouldn't go that far. They were good. They also needed a sprinkling of salt and pepper but they were not the best. You have to go to Essence for that. The bacon was nice and thick and delicious and the raisin bread that came with my breakfast delighted my toddler. My pancake was OK. It tasted like a typical good restaurant buttermilk pancake. It did come with warm syrup though and that always makes me happy. Would I come here again? Sure! Would I wait in line on a Saturday for an hour and half? Are you f-ing kidding me?
4	There were a couple of reviews for Matt's Big Breakfast that didn't make a whole lot of sense to me.  Two people made the comment that "Denny's makes a better breakfast".  That is patently ridiculous.  The only time someone cracks open an egg at Denny's is if you order them sunny side up.  Otherwise, they pour pre-scrambled eggs (as does IHOP) from a bottle.  The other comments I've read are "there's nothing here that can't be made at home."  Completely true, but that could be said of a lot of restaurants.  The whole point is going OUT to eat when you don't want to make food at home.  Frankly, some of the lesser starred reviews would be much different if not for the long waits.  Anyway, I digress...Like many, I first became aware of MBB after it was featured on Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives (DDD, Triple D, 3D, etc.)  It looked good, but nothing terribly special.  Certainly not like some of the places I've seen on DDD, which leave me checking travel websites for flights.  But, I thought, "If I'm in Phoenix, I'll give this a try."  So, I'm in Phoenix and craving breakfast.  I make my way down to Matt's and while there are 6-7 people milling about outside, it's not too bad.  After waiting maybe 30 minutes (downright speedy compared to the wait endured by some other reviewers), my name is called and I enter the tiny eatery.  The menu is pretty sparse, but there are some specials so I opted for one of the items on the chalkboard: egg, spinach, mushroom, smoked gouda scramble with hash browns and toast.  While I wait for my meal, I enjoy some of the very tasty coffee.  My plate arrives, and it is a large serving of food, contradicting the reports of skimpy servings.  As a lover of hash browns, I had to try them first.  Crispy and super buttery, just as I recalled when watching DDD.  The scramble was excellent and you could tell how fresh the ingredients are.  I decided to save my toast and housemade jam as my "dessert", so to speak.  I think my only issue was with the hash browns.  They started off so well, but it was a large portion and at the halfway point the richness of the butter started taking its toll.  I soldiered on and finished my plate, but I seriously thought I'd have a heart attack.  Sadly, did not have room for my toast and jam.If I ever find myself in Phoenix again, I would come back.
4	We just landed from kc, we were hungry and wet from the rain.  A 20 minute wait and a good table, my birthday got brighter.  The bacon was extra crispy and the orange juice had bits of real orange.  Service was quick and organized.  The place is small, but clean & bright.  If you are ever there when they have the three meat scramble with eggs, spicy peppers & cheese- get it!  My partner ordered this & I had food envy.
4	Finally got to try Matt's EARLY one Sunday morning with the family.  Luckily they arrived well before I did and I didn't have to wait very long.  The place is small, like previous posters have alluded too.  You don't get how small until you actually go.  10 tables and 7 seats at the counter, tops.  The waits can be long and now I know why.So we were a party of 8.  The parents sat at a table and the "kids" sat at the counter.  The menu is simple with not a lot to choose from.  I heard the pancakes were great, but I like a little more substance with my breakfast.  I chose the special, 3 egg scramble with bacon, cheddar, and fresh jalapenos, rosemary home fries and a tortilla.  Not being a huge jalapeno fan I almost had them nixed from the order, but decided to go with it.  Glad I did.  It was great and the peppers added a nice little bit of heat.  The rosemary home fries were outstanding!  I know all of this sounds very simple and you could probably make this at home, but it always tastes so much better when someone else makes it!  I think this place is worth the hype!
4	Ok, I'm sorry people of Phoenix, but I will go here every time I am in town. I saw it on the triple D and had to try it. We waited for about 20 minutes on a (late) Tuesday morning. I ordered the Butter Burger with Maytag blue cheese and my man ordered the waffle...neither disappointed. The service was fast and friendly. Loved it! Oh yeah, the place is TINY, but who cares when the food is this good?
1	Wait, you're shitting me, right?  35mins+ wait in the hot sun to eat bacon and eggs?  No way.
5	GREAT PRICE, GREAT PORTIONS, GREAT FOOD, & GREAT ATMOSPHERE! Get there early and come hungry! I love the Hog and Chick with the best bacon around! Recently tried the Chop and Chick OK I fell in love with Matt's all over again. WOOHOO that's a good pork chop. Try the griddlecakes as well they are outstanding. I can't wait to try the lunches at Matt's but after a breakfast at Matt's I am full until Dinner.Is it something about the name Eric?? Eric M you don't know what you are missing and Eric N are you sure you were at Matt's? You cannot get a better breakfast at any Denny's on any occasion! Matt's is actually cheaper than Denny's on certain Items and well lets face it most of what you get on Matt's menu you cannot come close to at Denny's. The hog and chick is 2 eggs cooked with real butter to perfection, 2 slices thick cut pepper cured bacon, rosemary new potatoes with onions, thick cut wheat berry toast with homemade preserves! All for 6.50! With great Coffee & real cream 7.85. The knock off Grand Slam at Denny's 2 eggs cooked with margarine not usually cooked correctly, 2 thin slices of regular bacon, shredded frozen potatoes (hash browns) usually not even brown, 2 slices of thin wheat toast with smuckers if your lucky for 5.99! With gross coffee & creamer 7.98! I don't know about you but I prefer to pay 51cents more without coffee or .13 cents less with coffee oh and get real cream and possibly wait an hour to get a really tasty fresh like my grandma's breakfast, in a trendy spot that is bright, clean, and interesting! Than something I could heat up in a microwave and have some slob in a dirty uniform serve me in five minutes. Also I feel the need to address the comment on the 8.00 pancakes that she thinks she can get at IHOP for 6.50. 1st I must also correct you Matt's griddlecakes are 6.00 not 8.00! Matt's griddlecakes are homemade not from a box, second they are lighter fluffier bigger and well let's face it just taste better than IHOP pancakes. 2nd Matt uses REAL MAPLE SYRUP.  So have your more expensive IHOP pancakes. By the way IHOP uses Maple flavored syrup not real maple syrup go ahead ask em. You cannot compare the two. Matt is in his own league. Top notch!To all those who say the portions are small...I say your stomach's are to big. To all those who say the prices are to high... I say if you cannot afford 9 to 13 dollars maximum with 15% tip, please visit the people making breakfast at home or find me a place that offers the same ingredients at the same quality for this lower price you speak off.To all those who say I can make it at home... I say please do! So I can enjoy my Hog and Chick faster! To all those who say the wait is too long....I say I'll good things come to those who wait, but great things come to those who wait outside MBB!To all those who say Matt's is delicious.... I'll race you to the sign in and see you there!
5	Woke at 5AM Thursday morning to meet with a friend and drive to Matt's. By the time we got there it was 6:30 and just opening which means we didn't have to wait outside at all! Incredible location and beautiful building despite the small size but at the same time this means better service and quality over a bland and fast breakfast (I can make that at home). Great coffee while waiting for food.The food was incredible, better than US Egg or Cracker Company, portions were large enough to fill me for the day especially if you get the Hog and Chick for about $8. Light and fluffy eggs complimented by peppered and smoky thick bacon with greasy and crispy hash browns. Was also given the fabulous crunchy toast and grape jelly and was able to steal some of my friends home fries with consisted of many thick cut potatoes and lots of grilled onions with large pieces of rosemary.This was hands-down my best breakfast experience in Arizona, I will definitely have to get back there again as soon as I can. Make sure and go early so you can skip the line!
5	Matt's Big Breakfast is THE best breakfast in Phoenix. Fresh, organic, and wherever possible, LOCAL ingredients, cooked up to perfection. Delicious coffee. Crowded, especially on weekends. Worth the wait. Get there early or after rush hour on weekdays. Worth every penny.
4	Another DDD try, we had to come here twice. The first time it was just to crowded. Glad we came back. I really enjoyed the daily special, which changes every day. Also enjoyed the waffles. Wife and daughter enjoyed the usual eggs and hashbrowns. Very friendly service would come again!
2	Food was okay, I am not waiting all day for it though.  If I could go in and get a table right away I'd eat here again, but waiting more than 10 minutes, no thank you!  I would rather walk to Matadors or First Watch....P.S. Go for the rosemary potatoes not the hash browns, unless, of course, you would like some hash browns with your grease.
5	I was over to Matt's again last week. I finally had a chance to try lunch here. OMG! This place should be called Matt's bad ass Butter Burger! Are you kidding me it is so amazingly delicious! I have been lucky I guess and have not had to wait to get into Matt's. But I would wait for one of these burgers any day! Katie food was OK are you nuts! First Watch can't even be compared to Matt's menu. UGH gimme a break!Matt's ButterBurger is so freakin good I don't have words to describe the deliciousness of it all.
2	Had great expectations after highly recommended by others. The breakfast was good, nothing extraordinary though. The service was a disappointment, server was very forgetful and put off by some simple requests. It doesn't look like they need my business though, considering the line to get in. I probably wont be back.
3	I'd have to say it was a decent breakfast... nothing more, nothing less.  I had a cheddar cheese and ham omelet with hashbrowns, sourdough toast and mediocre coffee.  The hashbrowns were on the greasy side, but that didn't bother me; it's just that nothing blew me away either.  The service was a bit slow considering we got there at about 6:50 a.m. and there were open tables; so I can only imagine how it would be at any other time of the day.
4	Yes, the menu looks small and simple, but this place is really good!  I went for breakfast. We both had eggs.  My eggs were eggs. But, the eggs with salami were really yummy and salty. The hash browns and home fires were awesome! Some of the best I'd ever had.  The toast was delicious and came with (I think homemade) blackberry preserves. So good!  And my coffee and water glass was never empty.  We went on a weekday at 7:30 and there was no wait.
5	I'm a huge fan of matts. Have been for 2 years now. Their service is great, but more importantly their food is amazing. Always order teh home fries. My favorites are the hog and chick and the big butter burger. The only slight downfall is the wait, if it looks like there are 25 people in front of you on the list, it might be best to just go another time.  Unless you're willing to wait more than two hours.
5	WOW! This is one of the best breakfast I've had in years, from the fresh OJ, amazing Cave Creek Coffee, special three egg scramble with bacon, locally grown peppers and fontina cheese, with a tortilla and oh the rosemary home fries... drool. My family took me here and I would recommend this to anyone who lives in or is visiting Phoenix. Tuesday morning we waited about five minutes for a table. This really is the best quality local produce in a great little diner. Next time I'm in Phoenix I will have to try the Butter Burger.
5	Ok, so first for the bad: So the first time I went there was when some friends invited me.They were already at the restaurant, I was still in bed at home in Avondale. I showered, dressed and drove over there...they were still waiting for a table. In fact once I got there we waited another 30 minutes for a table. that means my friends were waiting over an hour and a half for a table.My other complaint is that my potatoes are always too burnt, even when I tell them not to burn them.They are closed on Monday (you would have thought I would remember this the first two Monday;s I came to eat here)So now for the good:Everything else! I love the food!The Chop & Chick and griddle cakes are my fave for breakfast and for lunch I love...well just about everything!Can't wait till I move back so I can go again!!
5	Outstanding food.  Get over the wait people.  That's what happens in a desperate-for-culture town like Phoenix gets a few good places to eat.  You think they complain about this in cities that have a soul?   The waffle-outstanding.  Hashbrowns- best ever.  Bacon-great.   Its local, its fresh and its unique.
4	3.5 stars for Matt's. While you can tell that their dishes are made with care and they use quality ingredients (local, when possible), I feel that this place is a little overhyped. The menu is basically glorified Americana diner breakfasts and, while they do it well and with a charm and authenticity rarely found in Phoenix, it's a little boring. Would it hurt to offer some variations of pancakes and waffles?! The pancakes were good - fluffy with a touch of sweetness - but nothing to phone home about. The standout was their breakfast special of the day - a three egg scramble with white cheddar, hot links, and a pepper they described as in between a green chile and a jalapeno. Proably the best egg breakfast dish I've had in a while. As good as it was, though, I can't imagine waiting a half hour or more for it. Luckily we went on a weekday at a good time and had no wait, but I've heard people wait for hours for this food, and it's just not that spectacular. My other complaint is that, for a place with "Big Breakfast" in the name, the portions are no larger than what you'd get at Denny's or IHOP. I'm not a proponent of oversized portions at all - I believe it's wasteful and contributes greatly to our nation's obesity epidemic - but, come on, ya gotta live up to your name. Not only that, but some of the prices are a little steep. $2.50 for the tiniest glass of OJ you've ever seen. Service is great, the place is cute, and the food is good, but the media attention and national recognition on Food Network have overhyped Matt's from what it truly is - a friendly neighborhood spot to grab a good, fresh, hearty breakfast made with care.
5	stopped by matt's this morning. it was my second visit. for my first visit back in january, i ordered the salami scramble ... yummy, yummy, yummy! 3 eggs was a little much, but hey the name says big breakfast for a reason. salami portion was larger than expected (in a good way) hashbrowns were crispy and delish and the artisan bread toast with organic plum jam was phenomenal. today, i was in the mood for a carb overload and ordered the waffle. ohmigod, an orgasm for my taste buds! slightly sweet, very fluffy with just a little crispy on the outside sprinkled with powdered sugar and paired with a big ol' scoop of butter in the middle and a generous portion of syrup in a cute little mini pitcher on the side. two  t-h-i-c-k  slices of bacon stacked on top. i ate the whole thing ... matt's, you make dieting impossible! syrup was notably tasty. also ordered the fresh squeezed oj: the perfect blend of orangy, slightly tart, full of pulp goodness. service was friendly and quick; i was in at 6:37 and out before 7:10. i felt welcome to stay longer, but alas, work was calling my name.
2	Very disappointed... Nice clean place and very friendly staff, but the food just really isn't that good!  The coffee was weak but flavorful, the OJ was good (freshly squeezed), the wheat toast with preserves was good, the pancake was very plain, the home fries were bland and covered in grease, the pork chop was under seasoned/bland, and the eggs were good but greasy.  Not worth the wait in my opinion.
3	I was disappointed too.  I waited an hour and then took at seat at the counter which is ok with me, but if you've got long legs your only option is to sit spread-eagled in order to get close enough to your plate and there's not that much legroom to each side.  In the small space in front of the counter the staff was in perpetual motion squeezing past each other to get drinks, etc.   My cheddar, jalepeno, sausage omelette was very good, but not huge, and the hash browns were crisp and tasty on the outside but soggy on the inside.  The whole wheat toast was great, but no choice of toppings...I was given a small dollop of peach preserves. The waffles next to me looked fabulous, but I'm not a fan.   Basically I didn't think it wasn't worth the hour wait in 100 degrees and I was relieved to get outside where there was some breathing room.
5	Well my fellow foodies, I have been to the promised land yet again. This time on a Saturday morning with 7 friends and 2 toddlers in tow. When we got there 2 couples were on the list ahead of us. We only had to wait about 10 to 15 minutes to be seated 6 of us were at the counter and 2 plus the toddlers were at a table. Everyone loved the food, we had hog and chick, chop and chick, Waffles, Pancakes and the special 3 eggs scrambled with baby spinach, mushrooms and fontina cheese. Can you say delicious! We were all very happy with our selections. Again the food gods must be smiling down upon me as I have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for a table and my food has always been delicious!!!
4	Finally made it to Matt's for breakfast.  I had to check out the hype and see if it is what everyone says it is!  I took my nieces with me and I wasn't sure if it was very kid friendly...let's say I wouldn't bring young ones there just because it is so small and there is no room to run around.  But since my gals are 10 and 11 there was no problem accommodating them.  They split the delicious belgian waffle.  Let me tell you this is the tastiest I have ever tried!!  Real maple syrup is the key and they serve the best.  All piping hot and fresh off the griddle (my mouth waters just thinking of it).  I ordered the egg sandwich with no bacon, so it was a fried egg with american cheese and sauteed onions.  Not the healthiest option but I really enjoyed it.  I am not sure what kind of bread it was on but it was soft and fantastic.  The fresh squeezed OJ is like eating a ripe orange and the coffee was very well made.  All in all I can see why people are willing to wait for a long time to eat here.
5	Drove all the way from long beach california for this joint, and it was totally worth the drive. I got the waffle with bacon and a side of of rosemary potatoes. it was amazing and the best breakfast i have ever eaten. Every time i go to AZ i will eat here amazing!!!
4	Believe the hype, the food is delicious! I recommend anything with bacon or the chorizo with eggs and jalepenos...YUM!  If you don't like the wait, have breakfast for lunch (its pretty easy to get in around one).
5	Hi all! Went to Matt's last night for the PJ's and Eggs! Matt was great a bunch of the guys from Hickman farms were there having breakfast too! The special was steak and eggs, while I originally had my little heart set on a butter burger I had to try the Steak and eggs. I was not disappointed it was fantastic! Just as I suspected. I think I am becoming a Matt's groupie! lol. I can't help it between the cozy atmosphere, the friendly staff, fresh delicious menu choices and given that I am supporting a family business I am hooked! Now I will say last night we waited about an hour and there were 5 of us but all agreed it was so worth the wait. PS I had to get a butter burger to go I had it for lunch today YUM! Thanks Erenia and Matt!
3	my best friend and I went to Matt's Big Breakfast a few weeks ago after I read the rave reviews here on yelp.postitives: free parking, HUGE portions, delicious food taste just like your grandmothers big yummy breakfast, really cute and quaint decor, we were seated immediately, great location downtown phoenix. I ordered the cheese omelet, it came quick and it was gigantor and delicious, thick slices of toast came with it and my hashbrows were the best I've ever tasted in lifenegatives: it can not be underemphasized how miniature this place is, very small menu options, cost is a bit inflatedI recommend it for a try.
5	I went to Matt's the other morning for a solo breakfast before work. I was treating myself because I'd been on a gluten-free diet for over a month and that was the day I was reintroducing wheat after getting some blood drawn, and I'd been literally dreaming about waffles for weeks. Diet aside, it was such a nice, cheerful way to start my day. I'd been to Matt's before for a Sunday brunch, and we waited forever outside in the heat. This was totally different: I walked in and sat down at the counter, no wait at all, and the waitstaff is very attentive and quick. I found myself smiling out at downtown Phoenix through that big picture window before my beloved waffles had even graced my place setting. Waffles: solid. Belgian.Bacon: thick-cut and peppered. I could have eaten 5 more slices.Homefries: this is what I remember as being so stand-out from my first visit, and they did not disappoint the second time. Crispy, tasty potato chunks with caramelized onions and sauteed bits of rosemary...oh yum. And they're not even made of wheat.Thanks, Matt, for giving me a lovely mid-week breakfast experience.
4	It's everything and then some.  I only give it four stars because of how packed it is, and it can be kind of claustrophobic at times.  Other than that, I will wait all day in that line outside just to eat here!  So super yummy!  Definately a must try!
4	You need to have a favorite breakfast spot near home, right?  For me, it was Red Hill Coffee Shop when I lived in Rancho Cucamonga, CA.  Yum!  Then in L.A. it was the Original Pantry, downtown. (Don't let anybody BS you, it's 5-Stars, breakfast, lunch, or dinner!!).  Over here, I like Black Bear Diner for all three meals, but it's a little far from my house, so this Tuesday mid-morning I ventured to nearby Matt's Big Breakfast, downtown at 1st & McKinley to give it a try.I learned early on that convenience is NOT what Matt's is about!  First, not only was the parking lot was full, I had to park two blocks away!  Then back at Matt's, the little place was packed with customers inside, with more waiting outside!  I put my name in, & I was sent next door to a hotel room to wash up!  Not unpleasant, just a little odd.Back at Matt's, I was seated before long at a nice little table by a window, & ordered a cup of coffee, to be followed by "the Hog & Chick", which in my case translated to ham & eggs & sourdough toast with home fries.My breakfast arrived pretty soon, featuring a big ham steak, which was delicious!  So were the home fries!  Also, although the place was brim-full of customers coming, & going, the service was very friendly & attentive throughout my visit.  Price with coffee:  About $103-Stars for convenience & price, 5-Stars for food & service.  Yum!  I'll squeeze in there for lunch next time (same price), & It's sure to be good!
5	One of the best breakfast places in Phoenix. Arrived for a late Thursday morning breakfast (11am) and only had to wait 5-10 minutes. Server was friendly and I had the chorizo scramble special. It was great! Very tasty and flavorful. I am one of the pickiest breakfast eaters (i.e. I don't really consider US Egg & Denny's breakfast places). I expect my eggs and all the ingredients to be fresh, and that was certainly the case at Matt's!! This is one of my two favorite breakfast places in the valley (for different reasons, I consider Matt's and the Orange Table to be complimentary).
5	Nothing like a five spot sandwich after the Farmer's Market!! Still super tasty ...I don't mind the wait ... it's that tasty!
5	Being in the Navy, I've faced two-hour lines for some of the worst meals our galley slaves can conjure up, since the other option was "starve", and walked away hungry. Back home in Phoenix, though, I'll happily pace back and forth for two hours outside Matt's Big Breakfast because I know in the end it'll be worth the wait.Breakfast on a fall morning is a particular treat due to the presence of seasonal apple cider, which is phenomenal. Same with the blackberry preserves served with your side of toast. On my first visit, I ordered the day's special, an omelet stuffed with spinach and mushrooms, though couldn't help snitching from my mom's plate--she'd ordered the Chop and Chick, eggs served with a perfectly browned pork chop. The hash browns--my god. Studded with deposits of melted cheese that oozed out with every poke of my fork. Amazing.I've only been once for lunch, but I can say without hyperbole that the Big Butter Burger is the best cheeseburger I've ever had. Cooked in rich creamery butter that calls to mind a particular episode of the Simpsons. BEST CORONARY EVER. I couldn't even complain about the presence of chips as opposed to french fries.I really don't get the reviews dismissing Matt's as "meh", I'd love to know what heavenly manna these people consume the rest of the time
4	I was in the downtown area and needed to have a good breakfast so I headed over to Matt's. I heard the food served here is organic and local whenever possible so I wanted to check it out. I was surprised how small this restaurant is but it doesn't feel stuffy or cramped inside. There was no wait when we arrived around 8 am and we were immediately seated. My cousin and I ordered the same thing coffee, chorizo and eggs with jalapenos, and hash browns. We downed a couple of cups of coffee and our meal arrived. The service was fast and they did a great job of keeping our coffee cups filled up.  I noticed the ketchup had a sweet taste to it I looked at the bottle and it was Heinz ketchup. It didn't taste like Heinz! I wonder if they add something extra to it ? The food is good but the atmosphere makes you feel at home and I think that's why many people come back.
1	Went to matt's the other day to see what the rave is about and just as I expected nothing but self perpetuated hype with the help of the food network nothing more. The service was ok the coffee nothing special and my hog and chick was very unremarkable at best. It was not that the food was bad, however, if you can't be seated right away it's not worth the wait. This is not a special place. No gem to find her just pricey breakfast food and there are other choices that you can do better with. I saw a guy paying for his breakfast using three different credit cards....I mean what did he eat? And how much did it cost!!!!?? Anyway, if you are into over hyped breakfast joints and food that is mediocre at best then you may like matt's. Nothing against them but you guys are not all that when it comes to what you serve and your 15 minutes of fame has long been expired. Making people wait to eat here is nothing more then for show..trust me this is my review and I was seated right away just imagine if I had to wait in line what the review would say. Save your money and look elsewhere for the start of your day. I give matt's 5 stars for boring me with their breakfast and coffee and I give them another 5 stars for being able to convince people to pay over five dollars for a lacluster breakfast which amounts to culinary rape of one's taste buds. Do yourself a favor when you pass by this place and your hungry just drive past and go to any other nearby spot that won't   Molest your good senses.To make it you have to rely on your food and staff........not guy fieti and the food network!
3	Ok, but not worth a significant wait.  The food is good, but anyone from the Midwest (like me) will probably find it to be similar to the average diner back home.I cannot figure out what the hype is for this place, other than perhaps the fact that this place stands out in a city that really doesn't have too much else to offer.
2	My mom took me here this morning after I arrived on an early-morning flight, we had a craving for coffee and a new place. First impression: Small brick building by what looks like a roach motel and a parking lot totally full. Some really weird icky smell was in the air too..?Inside is cramped with little orange tables, totally kitsch and cute. The staff were all very friendly and made sure our orders were taken as soon as we were ready, even to the point that different waitresses were asking to make sure we had coffee on the way.The coffee's great and I was impressed with raw sugar on each table. The menu is small [literally] and I ordered the cheese omelette [cheddar] with mushrooms and hash browns. The hash browns were ridiculously oily. They would have been tastier without so much grease. The omelette was mediocre and I could have made the same in my own kitchen.  The whole wheat toast was probably the best part of the meal, and the jam tasted homemade and flavourful. I am not used to really greasy food like I was served [nor did I expect it] and therefore could not get through half my breakfast before my stomach started aching. The jist? Small cafe, great waitstaff, subpar diner food. Oh, and this might be good to know: there is no restroom in the place, so if you need to use one, you will have to go next door to that sketchy motel.
2	After hearing so many positives about Matts Big Breakfast, I decided after retrieving my friend from the airport to go and get my breakfast on! Love at first sight , no!! But never judge a book by it's cover, right? Huh, maybe... Parking is minimal, and in that part of the city.. It can be dicey to find parking . The place is tiny.. Tinier & more cramped with dreadful decor... Much like Over Easy, in fact! There are a handful of basic breakfast selections.. With catchy names though.. I ordered the 'hog & chick' for example.. Only bc I wanted to have poached eggs.. That was     just the easiest way to get them& I passed my 'hog' on to my hungry hogloving friend... The eggs are free range &  were perfectly poached, score ! Finally some chef in the desert got my poach correct... I'm very picky on the poach... Not like it's a hard process, I know as I have the calphelon pan for poaching in my own loft! I loved my home fries.. Big nice wedges of potatoes.. Sidenote -- too many Rosemary stems.. For me and my built in retainer , it could become a toothy disaster ! And whoa with the onions... Yikes ! Great for flavor, but not unless your planning on being amongst the masses following breakfast! There were a ton of big slivers of white onion.. But once your past picking all the flavor adding things out,you have great home fries..my friend has the hashbrowns, she said they reminded her of OreIda with alot of grease...I've never been a fan of shredded potatoes seemingly devised to soak up oil from the pan , so I wouldn't test them... Loved the bread... Wow! Homemade jams too.. Yum! There was no fruit on the plate.. It's presented in a basic diner way.. I personally like some fruit when I go down the breakfast path.. Relatively inexpensive.. Coffee , nothing special & no options for espresso ... Thot I was going to have a small panic attack over that alone... One other disappointment... Restroom?? No.. It's next door in a divey looking motel with wooden shutters ... I'll wait & use the Starbucks restroom as I drive home disappointed and needing espresso fast.. I'm thinking I'm seriously picky with my breakfast/brunch & just unable to find a 4star option here.. Oh well, I fly for free... I'm goin back to Cali..
3	Ok. I started coming here when Matt could only get the local downtown area news channel to cover his place. It was only open for about 2 weeks and you could walk in at the height of the lunch hour and grab a table or spot at the bar. That was then and the food "F" rocked! Ok flashed forward to present day! Service is still pretty good, the wait can be a bit long, the food now is just ok. It has lost it's charm a little. Menu is sit short. If you are in the area and can afford to kill 30 minutes for a spot then check it out.
5	so the quest is finally over.i have found my hangover breakfast spot.although not hungover on this occasion, i believe that matt's will fit the bill for my greasy big breakfast need after a long night.came in around 11am, because i can never seem to make it up before 10, and there was no wait and we were greeted and seated right away. started with a coffee which was SO good, some of the best diner/breakfast coffee i have ever had. i went with the salami and egg scramble with hashbrowns and sourdough toast, and my friend went with the chick and hog with bacon and home fries. the food came up pretty fast and i dug in.fantastic.the eggs were cooked perfectly and the salami was out of this world. the hashbrowns were a little greasy but i mixed everything together and it balanced out. a little tabasco sauce, and i had one bomb breakfast. i tried my friends bacon and it was phenomenal. crispy, thick, and peppery. delicious. their oj is like drinking straight out of an orange. the toast was great, and their jam was just the right amount of sweet. their portions are HUGE, i couldn't even finish my breakfast. my friend was as impressed as i was. it wasn't overwhelming loud inside like some small joints are known to be (like over easy...) and it wasn't crammed at all, even though the place looks incredibly tiny from the outside!excellent service, stellar food, cool atmosphere, all for only $20 plus tip. i'm jumping on the matt's bandwagon.
5	My husband came to my work to have lunch with me the other day and being how all I hear about in this area is Matt's, I decided we would go try it. So we pulled up outside and found a parking spot, WOOHOO!! (there seemed to be limited spaces unless you want to meter it) I looked at the outside and was again scared of the size (I really do have claustrophobia) but decided I was going in! It was VERY small but we got a table in the "back room" which cracked me up because there is this really small step to get to it and all the workers' kept saying "watch your step", it was just really funny. So, I had the cheese omelet and home potatoes with bacon. It was delicious! My husband had the salami and egg scramble with hash browns and LOVED it! This is our new favorite breakfast spot! The only bad thing was the restroom which has been mentioned in other reviews, it's next door at the motel which is not so desirable so go to the bathroom before you go to Matt's and everything should be fine. The service was excellent and I will definitely be back, oh and no wait! It must have been my lucky day!!
5	This place is absolute heaven when you are hungover.  The omelets are huge and fluffy, stuffed with deliciousness.  I love the thick cut bacon!  They definitely do not skimp on the good stuff!  I was talking about it with a guy at The Roosevelt later that night and he told me Matt drives out to Gilbert once a week for that bacon.  Definitely worth it!  The hash browns are even better.  Perfectly crispy without being burned.  Matt's will definitely fill you up at a very good price.  Loved seeing Matt at The Roosevelt that night!  He's awesome!
3	9/17Ordered the Hog and Chick http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-050d_XIor1NpCuWkbIVaQ?select=_ShdJVYIdwQmO9lphWSrCg#_ShdJVYIdwQmO9lphWSrCg- "two eggs and a skillet-seared pork chop."  All entrees come with toast and your choice of hash browns or homefries.  I chose whole grain toast and the fantastic hash browns.  Had the eggs to-go, so I concentrated on the pork chop, hash browns, and whole-grain seeded toast (perfect w/ honey, but I did try the plum jam they had that day- it's OK).  Thank goodness the buttery hash browns are superb here http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-050d_XIor1NpCuWkbIVaQ?select=DaY5piSTeuTfbb5a7LYlIg#DaY5piSTeuTfbb5a7LYlIg (crispy on the outside and very creamy on the inside- everytime!), bec. the pork chop, even w/ the green-hued marinade still evident on it, had almost no flavor.  It had the texture of pork chop, but other than a very slight hint of salt- the hash browns and toast w/ honey had more to offer in the taste department.  I may just have to order sides of hash browns, toast, and perhaps some bacon (Nueske's, isn't it?) next time I dine in.
5	Being a huge fan of breakfast (who isn't?) I got really excited when I found this place using my handy dandy Yelp app on my iPhone. You see, me and 3 of my friends were in Phoenix to see the Dodgers play the Diamondbacks in a big league game at Chase Field. The bad news is the dodgers lost, but the good news is we had breakfast the next day at Matts. Reading the reviews on Yelp got me way excited to eat there. People were raving about this place as if it was a small piece of heaven on earth. We walked there from our hotel and Were quickly seated. Our first thought was, 'tiny'. But we liked that about the place. Very cozy and welcoming. Old school almost. I ordered the pancakes with a side of egg and bacon. I always have to try the pancakes first whenever I go to a new breakfast joint. It's my measuring stick. If the pancakes suck, most likely everything else will also. After waiting about 10 minutes the kind and very friendly waitress began to bring our food out. One at a time. Over a few minutes. She explained to us that they only had one grill so they would bring out the food as soon as it was done cooking. Again, 'tiny'. Let me tell you the wait was worth it. The pancakes were amazing. Soft, fluffy, stick to the roof of your mouth goodness. The best pancakes I have ever had. Not to mention the maple syrup was amazing. Top notch bacon and the eggs cooked like my mom made them. I was in breakfast nirvana. My only regret was leaving bits of pancake on my plate. After eating different, but equally amazing, items from my friends plate I was full. I felt like I had let my pancakes down. As we left the restaurant we did the touristy thing to do and took a picture next to Guy Fieri's image on the wall. And had no shame about it. If your in Phoenix you have to go to Matts Big Breakfast. There's nothing really 'tiny' about the flavor of the food there. Oh and the people who were raving about Matts as of it were a small piece of heaven are all wrong. It's more like a bog chunk of heaven if you ask me.
5	Ok.  I'm finally getting in tune with Yelp and I'm writing a long overdue review of one of my favorite restaurants of all time-Matt's Big Breakfast.  When I think of what is important to me in a restaurant, it's two things plain and simple-food and service-and Matt's excels at both.  Honestly, these are the type of people, Matt and Ernie and their staff, that America's needs more of...good hearted, honest, hard working people who give a shit about their customers.  They're as American as Apple Pie!  The food: everything on the menu is very good but in my mind two things stand out and they are as good as it gets in Phoenix...the waffle and the cheeseburger.  Oh, and the bacon.  A cheeseburger brushed with butter.  Get the fuck outta town.  This is the mother fuckin shit y'all.  I consider myself a burger afficianado and this burger is the bombay.  There is an occasional wait because Guy Fieri pimps this place on the Food Network all the time but hell, why wouldn't he, it's the shit.  I pimp it all the time myself.  I may get a Matt's Big Breakfast logo on my pimpstick it's so good.  The best times to go are during the weekdays in the early morning around 7AM or after 1:00PM.  GoGOGOGOGOGOOGOG....you'll be glad you did!
2	In the movie "The 40-Year Old Virgin," there is a line they repeat often to Steve Carrell: "You're putting the pu$$y on a pedestal, that's your problem!"Matt's Big Breakfast was on a pedestal. We'd tried to go there a couple years ago, but the crowd outside was always too threatening a wait. Then, in August, we tried to go, but when we asked "What's the probable wait time?" We were told, "Oh we don't really provide anyone with wait times." The line outside was pretty long, and there wasn't really any shade, and with no potential end to the wait, we came to terms with the possibility that we'd turn into bacon ourselves sitting outside waiting for a table. Then this morning I woke up at 6:30am on a Saturday due to insomnia and we said "Hey there might actually not be a line if we go right now."I just came back from breakfast at Matt's Big Breakfast and now I'm waiting for my heart attack.I'd tried to find out what the big deal was about this greasy spoon so many times in reviews, and nobody ever gave a good explanation in detail of what makes the "traditional breakfast food" so "different."I ordered the special - which was an egg, cheese, onion and sausage omelette, with hash browns. Since it was our first time there, we also ordered a belgian waffle to split.The omelette was more like "Onion and Sausage with a side of egg and cheese." The sausage was giant sliced links, enough to feed an army. The amount of onion was not what I expected - it was probably two entire onions sliced up and thrown in there. The hash browns are a serving for 4 people or something. They're not sliced like ordinary hash browns are sliced - they're ultra skinny slices like angelhair pasta. There are a lot of really crunchy crispy areas of angelhair sliced hash browns which are tasty. Thankfully, they are not all salty. But what sort of human can ingest this much potato in one sitting?I'm one year away from having been a vegetarian for 5 years, and I was willing to "go there" at this meal because I had to see what everyone was raving about, and I read on the menu that the meat is natural and grain-fed. Not free-range, grass-fed, but at least not corn-fed and hormonalized and antibiotic-ridden. Also, I eat burgers at Delux and Rokerij and I'll eat the prosciutto at Bomberos. So I thought, why not see what the fuss is all about?It was a'ight. Not FABULOUS. I tried to figure out why this place is SUCH a big deal to so many. Maybe it is shocking to some people's palates to taste food made with real butter and real cream - people who ordinarily cook at home and fill their cupboards with the healthy substitutes of every ingredient. Or maybe typical people buy Kraft cheese or something, I don't know. The ingredients were definitely "real," which is, I suppose, a big deal if you ordinarily eat Crap for breakfast or eat at Denny's. It most definitely beats "Moons Over My Hammy" for instance.But we really missed Pallate, which really WAS the best breakfast downtown.The bread they brought for the toast was delicious ... but it's BREAD. Most bread is pretty good. The waffle was uber fluffy. I had a few bites and said "That's a tasty plate of diabetes right there," while I felt my blood sugar go through the roof.Mostly, I really felt a lack in the vegetables department. I might seem like a health nut, because of this, but trust me, I'm not. I'm a tall, big person and I eat breakfasts at Dick's Hideaway several times a week. It's just that at Dick's Hideaway I can have them substitute the potatoes for veggies (usually asparagus and broccoli), and substitute the meat in the breakfast burrito with avocado. I'm used to having an entire day's worth of greens at breakfast. I suppose meat, for me, is like dessert: I'll eat it but it has to be high quality, and it has to be really worth it. It has to be tremendously delicious, I won't eat meat for meat's sake. This was probably somewhat ethical meat, but it wasn't an irresistible herby or spicy delicious sensation.The "thick-cut bacon" that came with the waffle was definitely thick, and was lined with pepper. It was good, but it was also bacon ... bacon SHOULD be good, it's hard to do bad.I see the trendy hipster appeal everywhere - orange countertops, orange everywhere, down to the stapler on the counter, the 1950's signs that say "Eggs!" and stuff. Whatever. I get it, it's better than Denny's, and it's better than 5 & Diner. It's NOT "The Best" and it's most definitely not worth standing around outside in no shade, without any idea how long the wait will be for a table, like a sucker.The chalkboard on the wall inside says "Visit our bar The Roosevelt around the corner." I hadn't known they own the Roosevelt. I recommend going to the Roosevelt and waiting around for a seat there, where it's worth the wait.I'm glad I finally went, to knock the place off its pedestal. Now I just need to wait like a month or something for my arteries to un-clog.
5	Whoa - what a bunch of spoilsports!  What's not to love about Matt's Big Breakfast (except for the wait)?  My friend and I are serious breakfast aficionados, hailing from Philly where we regularly b'fast at Sabrina's, Honey's, Carmen's Country Kitchen and Morning Glory Diner - all fine, glorious breakfast establishments.  Suffice it to say that neither of us are slouches when it comes to knowing a killer breakfast when we come across one - and he makes a mean frittata himself and I make sublime homemade buttermilk pancakes.  I read about Matt's online (altho I must say that I somehow fortunately missed the  ridiculously pretentious and nit-picky (too much rosemary for your retainer??? Get a life!) "yelp" reviews) so we decided to stop by for breakfast after flying in to Phoenix this past Saturday.  As much as we love a good b'fast, we both despise a long wait ... but hey, we had nothing better to do and struck up conversations with other waiting souls and paid a visit to the nearby flea-bag Coronado Motel to use the restroom and soak up the atmosphere.  Matt's provides a cooler of flavored water and the time passed pretty quickly.IT WAS SO WORTH THE WAIT!  It's days later and I can still taste the perfectly light and fluffy (neither undercooked or overcooked) omelette, brimming with top quality cheddar cheese (who could imagine a basic omelette could taste so heavenly?).  The home-fries were bursting with flavor with the addition of rosemary, onions and peppers ... and the toast ... oh the toast ... homemade sourdough cut into thick slices, toasted and served with homemade jam.  My partner's special was eggs blended with some kind of slightly spicy sausage and cheese.  The coffee, too, is perfect, neither too strong or too mild and served with real cream and raw sugar.  Service is fast, friendly and we were treated to the owner's adorable son seating guests and advising of the day's specials.  Didn't need to eat again until dinner - if you're in Phoenix, ignore the "yelp" twitwits - you simply MUST visit Matt's Big Breakfast.
4	My final meal in Phoenix, which was breakfast. This small brick place has made me famous with the name (of course) and was honored with a "Review of the day", which seems like a distant-memory ago. My first visit and first meal back then was a monumental one. Will my return to "my" breakfast place be a repeat? Some things hasn't changed much about my place. There was a little wait for a table, especially on a early weekday morning. "My place...why should I have to wait for a table?"This time, my return back has got me ordering one of the breakfast specials, which was the Salami Scramble. For $5.95 and affordable meal too, I get three scrambled eggs mixed with Soppresata Salami with a side of Hash Browns and a pair of thick toasted Sourdough Bread with Strawberry Preserves. The crispiness of the sliced salami blended with the scramble eggs made it a tasty combination. The hash browns were tasty and a nice compliment to my meal. And the thick-ass toasted Sourbread bread with melted butter and the preserves was crunchy with a powerful explosion that can be heard all over the small diner (in a good way).My place hasn't failed in my return. I'm always welcome to come back and dine at my breakfast place whenever I come back to Phoenix. And so, you can too.
5	So it begins....I have finally started reviewing all the restaurants that I tried on my tour of the Southwest this summer and Matt's Big Breakfast was a BIG way to start it off!Being from LA which seems to be the home of trendy but good and always crowded breakfast spots, I understand the love/hate relationship that people have with their local breakfast spot that have just become way to crowded.  That being said, I left LA to try some of the favorites in other cities.  The good thing about being on vacation is that you can schedule your meals around the crowds instead of dealing with them.So we drove into Phoenix around 11pm under the blanket of the night which was great because the days were reaching 120 degrees.  It was quieter then most cities, almost ghost-town like.  We stayed at the motel next to Matt's Big Breakfast.  I think its called the Coronado or Casablanca Hotel.  It was more of a Motel then Hotel and definitely not the Holiday Inn.  Although a little on the scary side it served its purpose.  The goal was to wake up and walk into Matt's.  And that goal was certainly achieved.  After a super long wait of about...3 minutes (9:30am) we sat down and took a look at the menu.  http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y143/skptk13/DSCF1410-1.jpgIt wasnt as big as I thought it was going to be (haha)...well, it wasnt as expansive as I thought it was going to be but I would rather restaurants do what they do right instead of tons of things done wrong.I got the Hog & Chick and Griddle Cakes.  Thick cut bacon and perfectly made eggs with delicious potatoes.  Nice thick bread and homemade jam came along side.  Im not a fan of citrus jams/preserves but this was fantastic!http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y143/skptk13/DSCF1415.jpghttp://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y143/skptk13/DSCF1417.jpgThe pancakes were possibly the best of the trip and also some of the best I have ever had.  Everything we had was great!   Our server/owner  even came and talked to us about our trip, the town and even gave us some other suggestions on places to see and eat at while in Phoenix.  I wish I could have tried some of the places she suggested but...alas, we still had a ton of places still on our own list.  Off to Joe's Farm Grill!!!
4	Short on menu, long on taste. A small diner, with a great small town atmosphere rules the morning meals. I got a recommendation from a collegue who like me was hungry for a good meal to get the day started. That said a short walk from the hotel, we quickly found a place with a crowd surrounding it. We signed in and found a place outside to sit and wait. Friday morning, 9 am, we waited about 20 minutes. The tables are small, their glasses of orange juice aren't very large, however it was freshly squeeed from what I could tell. We both had the special, and it was a nicely portioned meal that filled is both up without regret. Their fasted fresh, and it was full of flavor. It was perfect for the morning.
5	I went here with a friend after he saw it recommended by Guy Fieri on the food network. It's a true dive; it can only fit about 25 people, your really never going to avoid a long wait and it's nothing special on the inside.That aside, the food is RIDICULOUS. The butter burger is easily the best burger I've ever had. It's incomparable. I got a side of country fries which were also insanely delicious and tried the waffles which were unmatched in quality. They actually added a slight seasoning to the waffles which give it a nice touch to the sweetness.Highly recommended!
4	Simple, wholesome ingredients, unpretentious food = home run breakfast.  Coffee was the only let down, it was decidedly watered-out, the classic dinner coffee.  Sign up for a spot on the waiting list and check out the farmer's market that's kitty-corner on Saturdays.
4	I must say that this place was pretty darned good. They open at 6:30 AM on Sunday and there was already a line. The whole place was full upon the doors opening, great sign. They have a very small menu but it certainly covers all of your breakfast needs.I opted for three sides, a pancake, rosemary homestyle potatoes and rye toast with jam. I asked my waitress which to order, the hashbrowns or the homestyle potatoes and she steered me towards my final choice. I'm glad I listened to her as they were delicious, covered with onions, olive oil and rosemary, the were cooked perfectly. They were some of the freshest potatoes I've had for breakfast in a long time. They weren't greasy at all. I felt like I had just gone to the Farmers' Market, chopped these up and cooked them myself for a Sunday brunch at home.The pancake was good, nothing outside the ordinary. You can tell by the photo that there wasn't too much love in making it. For some reason the syrup was very good, I'm not quite sure what they used, it was a pancake syrup but obviously not the generic diner variety. The rye and jam were fantastic, just look at how thick the slice was cut, I've never seen a rye like that. I wish other places would serve their breads like this. I'd be a huge fan of any place that cut their slices in this manner.I would certainly go out of my way to eat here again. The staff were terrific, the place was spotless, the owner walked around and spoke with all diners (it seemed like everyone was a local) and the food was great. The prices have risen, at least since their website has been in place but it's still a good deal (the $5 Spot is now $5.75). A great place to grab a Big Breakfast in a nice atmosphere.I have photos and a more in depth review on my personal blog.
4	I have wanted to visit Matt's for quite some time now. My attempts have always been thwarted due to the extraordinary lines, the lack of time, and a growling stomach. Today, finally, I remedied that situation and finally ate at Matt's.Is Matt's overhyped? Perhaps. The small venue nearly guarantees a long wait. Is the food worth it? That is always a matter of opinion, but in mine, I think it was. I ordered the pancakes, pancakes that happened to be lightest and fluffiest I have probably ever eaten. For a side, I chose the cranberry walnut toast. It was good, as expected. Toast is hard to mess up unless obviously burnt. The friend who ate with me ordered the special that day, an egg scramble with sausage, havarti, and sweet peppers and rosemary. After sampling a bite, I wish I had ordered the special instead. The pancakes were good, but the special was great.Will I go back to Matt's? The answer is yes, though realistically it may not happen for a while due to the typical long wait times. Given the fact a wait is common, it might be a nice add to offer free WiFi or free coffee service outside for those waiting.
5	So I have this thing about long waits at breakfast places.  Every town in America seems to have at least one annoyingly popular place with a line  around the corner and overrated pancakes, omelets, etc.  Having visited Matt's on two previous occasions I found it to be great, but because it violated my "line theory" I've resisted embracing it.  Until now.  After meeting a friend at Matt's for breakfast this morning (and waiting about 30 minutes) I can honestly say that this place is the real deal.  The food isn't gourmet or even creative, it isn't supposed to be.  Rather it's classic breakfast done to perfection.  Exceptional pork, eggs, potatoes, breads, everything.  Although it pains me to say it, this is a breakfast place worth waiting in line for.
3	We went on a Sunday afternoon, the wait was 45 mins for 4 people. We waited because everyone keeps talking about it. Man, was I starving to death when we were seated. I had the ham and cheese omelet and everyone shared an order of waffle with everyone else. The omelet was good. The waffles were light and fluffy. Good but not to die for. I personally think it was over hyped. It is good breakfast food, not GREAT.
4	The wait was a little long but the waitress was able to take or ordered while we waited, as soon as we were seated our food arrived. I had the waffles with bacon.  The bacon was crisp and the waffles were like cake, so delicious.
5	no place i would rather be on a Saturday at 6:30 a.m.  then at Matt's Big Breakfast -definately we worth getting up early for with a small group of great friends - the best breakfast joint in Phoenix!!!
4	stopped in again last sunday before picking someone up at the airport. breakfast was flawless (again). i had the hog and chick this time and was very happy. hashbrowns were crispy, but not burnt. eggs were scrambled and fluffy. the jam of the day was strawberry, and some of the best i have ever had. love me some sourdough toast & jam. i waited less than 5 minutes ( it was only me), sat at the bar, and enjoyed swift, friendly service. coffee was fine but not great. if matt's is going to improve, i say the coffee is where to start.
5	Seriously good stuff here.  Yes, the lines are long but that's not really their fault.  The food is great and people want to come here.The waffle here is simply the best.  I've never had better, anywhere.  I've also had the burger, which was really, really, really good.  Next time I'll see if they can put a different cheese on it because I'm not a big fan of American cheese.  Regardless, everything here was delicious, regardless of the line.  If you're willing to wait, or maybe come at an off-hour, it's definitely worth the wait.
5	Since breakfast isn't my favorite meal to eat out (I like to eat as soon as I get up...breakfast is yummy just rolled out of bed), I had not tried, but  only been hearing raves about Matt's Big Breakfast for literally about a year, so I knew it had to be good...good enough to try breaking my fast outside my own kitchen.Luckily it wasn't too crowded (as I'd heard it might be).  We were seated at a window counter, but then moved once our food came to a little table by the door.  The staff was ultimately accommodating to the best experience for us. The food was beyond delicious.  Egg salad sandwich with chips (I told you I wasn't a huge breakfast-out person), a waffle, and potatoes, and chocolate milk.  It was all SO delicious!  And SO MUCH!  We were able to take most of the sandwich home for later.  By the way, the break was AMAZING...just amazing.My favorite thing I think (besides the food) was how friendly everyone was--from the staff to the customers.  It also was cool because since Matt's is small (but not too small), you wind up talking to the people around you.  Three tables joined in our conversation to complain about State Senator Russel Pearce, who led the slaughter of AZ's education budgets particularly in Spring 2009...but that's a different story...I need to go back to Matt's soon--it was a great time.
5	This is one of those hole in the wall restaurants you hear good stuff about and is actually true!When I first arrived I was a bit apprehensive having to write you name with pencil down on a piece of paper that the hostess only checked every so often. After about a 30 min wait (Saturday morning) we got a table. It is a very small place but cozy and bright as could be.From the coffee to the breakfast sandwich, everything was great. As long as you aren't counting calories I would recommend it to anyone.
4	It was cold for a Phoenix morning (upper 30s over-night) and I stood outside the hospital splashed in sunlight, surrounded by palm-trees and (oddly) shivering despite my wool army-drab button-down and $3 coffee. The doctor's visit went well and my spirits were high. Surgery was not an option. For now.A few minutes later, my host arrived in a green VW Rabbit. I love the new rabbits. She needed to get some work accomplished and I needed to address some email. A few (Phoenix) minutes later, we arrived at the coffee-shop. I ordered a mug of coffee and picked up a business card. Lux? That sounds familiar... Oh my goodness! LUX! I shot their first cover on top of the Smithfield at 5.30 on a Sunday morning in 2007 and the magazine was named after the coffee-shop in Phoenix where Mark and Cindy birthed the idea.The world is tiny.---"My work is done. You wanna get breakfast?""Do you even have to ask? What was that place you told me about before I left Philadelphia?""Matt's. But there's another place I thought of that you might like as well.""Oh, yeah? What's that?""The Welcome Diner.""Lemme find it on Yelp and I'll think about it.""Okay.""This is hard. I can't decide. Let's just go to Matt's. I'll do the Welcome in the Spring when I come back."---The West is a unique place. The cities are different - spread out. The architecture is different, too. I can't describe it. It just feels like it belongs here in the desert. Form over function. Matt's fits in just this way. It's tiny inside and everything's painted white. A few photographs in white mats with white frames take up the rest of the wall space. The small bar occupies a quarter of the main dining area and four diner-orange tables decorated with desert plants take up the rest of the crowded and intimate space which is by now teeming with locals who're there to gather a late morning brunch.There were two specials that morning and once our server mentioned the first, I couldn't remember anything else, but I told her that I needed some more time so that I could neatly arrange my table for a shot of the menu. When she came back I ordered the three-egg scramble with red peppers, spicy sausage (all their pork comes from Iowa!) and provolone cheese. A side of shredded hash-browns accompanied this beautiful breakfast feast.For a joint that stays as busy as it does, the prices are fantastic. (I think everything's cheaper in Phoenix). Before tip, my tab was right around $12 and for the quality and quantity of food that I received in one of Phoenix's most popular spots, I had no complaints.When I make a return visit to the Valley of the Sun in April, I'll be sure to make myself an out-of-town-regular at this wonderful little place....And maybe next time I'll run into Nate Ruess.
4	This place was on the DD&D places my family wanted to go while in town, I joined them since I'd heard plenty about it but never gone.The place is small, so yes there is going to be a wait.  You chose to eat there knowing this so complaining about the wait is pretty ridiculous.  That said, I'm not sure if I'd attempt coming here on a weekend, but during the workweek it was fine, the wait was maybe 20-30 minutes.The food was great, the coffee was strong.  My only complaint is with more than one person checking on our table we asked for water from them 2-3 times and I don't think they ever came back with it.  Wasn't that big of a deal but seemed like it wasn't that hard since they were checking on us about every 2 minutes (got the feeling of being rushed through our meal, but maybe that is their way of keeping the flow of folks coming in and out).
5	100% bomb! Everything they make oozes amazing, homemade, quality goodness. The pancakes are heaven, the hog and chick is fab, and the rosemary breakfast potatoes are perfect. I have been a handful of times, and it's always worth the wait.Note: This place is ridiculously small (but charming), so don't go with a bunch of friends and expect to sit together...or be seated anytime soon. Carry out is a good option, but only for those who have had the sit in experience first ;)
4	tasty pasty!  my favorite part of my experience was the butter and the jam. DEEELISSHHHH. i could hardly make a dent in my pancakes but I couldn't just let that butter go to waste, so i put the rest of the butter on a piece of pancake and ate that. it would have been weird if i just ate the butter, but i would have. I got the rest to go and asked for extra butter to come along with it. I think the pancakes were amazing, but it could have just been that butter. I must have thought I hadn't eaten in years bc I also ordered the bacon which is the best bacon i've ever had. let's add that to my list of best part. bacon, strawberry jam, and butter. healthy eating at it's finest. I also had the homefries but they needed salt and didn't go well w the ketchup they are served with. I would go back and order strawberry jam toast,  mountain of butter, and 12 slices of bacon.
3	Matt's Big Breakfast is pretty yummy. I would have to agree though that a big fuss is made over this place. I have had the pancakes twice and both times they seemed dry. I think the biggest problem I have had is having a "big breakfast" and not enough to wash down my pancake the size of a UFO with. The juice is understandably "freshly squeezed" but a glass the size of a shot glass for almost 3 bucks is ridiculous. Personally I'm not one to enjoy water with a meal, which is probably your best choice so you don't end up spending your life savings on shots of OJ. They do have sodas but in a can and that's if you are an RC fan. The funny thing is I tried once to bring in a drink to help with the aid in digestion of my breakfast and they have a sign on the front door that reads "No outside beverage". Damn!
5	There will be a line ... you will wait - probably for an hour ... and you'll be happy you did. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The burger was one of the best I have ever had. Don't let the appearance of the building scare you off. Make it happen. This place lives up to the hype.
4	I am a fan of Guy Fieri and this makes the second restaurant from DDD I have visited. I will be honest and tell you that he co-owns two restaurants in California, one of them being a place called Johnny Garlic's. The food was VERY VERY mediocre so I started to wonder if I should trust his taste in food, but then I said ok he goes to these places because people write to him and tell him they are amazing, not because he has any participation in the restaurant itself. So my mom and I went yesterday (Saturday) morning for breakfast. We got there around 9 I think and we had to wait about an hour before we were able to be seated. We looked at the menu and were like what the heck this is just basic breakfast food, did we just make a huge mistake? Boy were we wrong. The OJ was great. The coffee on the other hand, eh. I've had a lot better. I ordered the omelet with provolone and mushrooms and onions and home fries and sourdough bread. My mom ordered the eggs with hashbrowns and slice of ham. The omelet was huge and gooey with cheese. The mushrooms and onions were cooked to perfection. The home fries were only ok, and that might be because they were a tad cold. The bread is obviously homemade and the jam that came out with it was incredible. My moms ham was great. We were not expecting such a big slice and such a thick slice. The taste was amazing as well. After breakfast we walked across the street and went to the farmers market. I am visiting from California, and should I ever find myself in Phoenix ever again, I will definitely come back and maybe next time try the bacon egg and cheese sandwich. The only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is the coffee and the limited menu options.
3	There isn't much I can say that hasn't been said so I'll be fast and say stuff that possibly hasn't been addressed.-A big minus for me, the menu online is outdated.  Add two dollars to the price of everything.  Also the portions seemed to have shrunk a bit from whenever pictures here were taken.-There is only one 4-top, everything else is 2-top or counter, so plan accordingly.  We got there early and put our name on the list despite the agonizing taunt of all those empty 2-tops.  The bf was a little grumpy the waitress didn't put 2 tables together, but admitted there really wasn't room to do that without blocking a path.-The decor is cute and Ikea-esque.  Very clean and bright, I felt like I was in a Real Simple spread.-The blueberry jam tastes like normal blueberry jam.  It's cute and nice to get in a cup instead of a package, but otherwise not special.-I ordered bacon because everyone said the bacon was amazing, even though the sausage looked really good.  My bacon was thick-cut but burned and not particularly tasty regardless of doneness.-They cooked my eggs over medium!  I always ask and usually get over easy anyway.  I appreciate the effort, maybe he was concentrating and accidentally burned my bacon.-The home fries have a LOT of rosemary, so don't get it if you're not a big fan.  It perfumed the whole plate and the leaves soaked in the oil seeped into everything.  I liked it.-Don't come here if you want a quiet, private breakfast experience.  The guy sitting behind us seemed grouchy as soon as he was seated and spent the meal glaring at my in-laws, presumably for speaking loudly over the restaurant noise (like everyone else).  He made a lot of pointed throat-clearing and loud newspaper rustling that seemed to embarrass the crap out of his wife and perplex patrons around us.  I really don't know what we did, but don't be this guy.
5	YUMMY breakfast spot! Matt and his wife are super nice and the food is excellent. Tried the porkchop breakfast and it was soo good. Even Guy Fierri from foodnetwork thinks its the best breakfast he's ever had! The restaurant is really tiny but didn't wanna take away a star for that cuz its definitely worth the wait. The homefries are reallly good too and you get that on the side with almost every dish anyway. =)
1	way overrated! bathroom in the kitchen, gross!  know what you're eating!  how much was the oj again?
3	I wish I could give 31/2 stars...First of all...just check this place out and decide for yourself- that is if  you don't die of heat stroke while waiting in the 110 degree summer sweatfest that is most notably Phoenix. Or better yet just thank Matt once you make it inside for not bothering to accommodate patrons with some type of effing shading device!!!!! PLANT SOME TREES!!!! UMBRELLAS!!!! OVER HANG! PATIO! A GUY U PAY $3.35/hr WITH A HUGE PIECE OF CARDBOARD! ANYTHING! ok..you get the point. (I understand this setup in any other state people, but seriously....!) and btdubs..the outside is just fugly...trees plz!blah blah blah... once you make it inside everything is great! Simple, basic food, friendly service, quaint atmosphere, decent prices. Yeah you could make it at home, but you can make any breakfast food at home, that is the point of "going out" for breakfast.*TIP! call ahead and order and then eat while you walk to your car! superkewl time saver DOH!
5	I had their belgian waffle, which came with bacon and advertised real cream butter and real maple syrup. Also got orange juice and my girlfriend got a salami-egg scramble thing.The lady's salami-egg scramble was great (and a new taste!) but my waffle was THE BEST WAFFLE I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. I sipped my tiny $2.50 (I think) orange juice and FELL OFF MY CHAIR, AMAZED BY THE DELICIOUSLY SWEET FRESH SQUEEZED OJ.After being revived by my frantic girlfriend, I quickly JUMPED UP AND HUGGED EVERY EMPLOYEE IN THE BUILDING.True story.We went at 1:30 PM on a Sunday and sat right down-- your mileage may vary as this place is apparently legendary and I hear can attract quite a crowd when busy. There's like 10 small tables in the whole place plus a bar, and virtually no parking, and no shade, so don't expect to be catered to (outside of delicious food.)Also, Matt has inspired a new invention: fresh squeezed orange juice shots. Seriously, I'd buy a few if they existed.
5	I am honestly shocked to see all the less then 5 star reviews on here. Matt's Big Breakfast serves up an amazing breakfast Every. Single. Time! They are consistent and generally always fast (once you do get seated) The lack of seating does suck, but the wait is always always ALWAYS worth it! This small family run business holds a special spot in my heart! The hubs and I used to go here every Saturday when we first started dating. They all know us in there and are always so excited to see us when we do make it back there from time to time. You don't get that at other breakfast/lunch joints around here (family run or not)! Matts breakfast is so amazing and their lunch menu, Oh. My. YUMMY!! The egg salad is probably my favorite lunch choice there, the husband swear by the big butter burger! And breakfast is always a tough choice. They always have a tempting special of the day...If I don't go with the special, then sometimes I do a custom omelet, or the waffle...I HAVE to have bacon and the rosemary potato's whenever I go regardless of what I order. They are a must! We love Matt's and the whole Matt's family!
1	I consider myself an expert on breakfast. I know this place is all the rave, but I think it stinks. Let me list the reasons. First, the place is tiny. Second, you can never get in. Third, the food is OK, and their soda sucks; they serve RC! Fourth, the place is always hot in the summer. Fifth, when you finally get a seat it is uncomfortable (They serve fat people food, but yet their seating is set up for a 5'1" 100 pound girl). Sixth, it is a small neighborhood place so you would think people would be nice, but they are pretty stand offish. If you have ever been to nasty truck stop (versus a good one), this is the same type of food and atmosphere. Unless you are a yuppie and looking to slum it and want to say you experienced it, I suggest skipping this place.
3	This is a small place with a big name. Luckly we went after the lunch rush about 1:15 and had to wait only 15 min. This is a small place and we had 4 people, so they had to put two tables together for us. We ordered the griddle cakes, the hog and chick, salami scramble and the chop and chick. The wait time on the food was average and it came out hot and straight from the kitchen (which was not far away). The griddle cakes were very good, light and fluffy. The warm maple syrup and real butter were good touches. The salami scramble and the hog and chick were good , but nothing special. The chop and chick was highly recommended to me so I was excited to try it. The flavor was good , but they over cooked it a bit. It was on the dry side and did not wow me. I did like the hash browns. As a rule I have not found any place that does good hash browns.This place does. Crunchy on the outside without being dry on the inside. The service was good and the overall experience fine.
4	12/10/09Finally had the chance to take Mom in to enjoy breakfast at MBB!  I tried taking her here once, but the line out the door was ridiculous; Even today there was a bit of a wait, and it wouldn't have been so taxing if it weren't so cold!  (We arrived at 10:15a, sat down at 10:45a, and had our meals delivered at around 11:10a.  Again, the wait times wouldn't have been so bad if my Mom wasn't due to be at the airline gate at 11:40a!)Mom ordered the 3-egg salami omelette and hash browns w/ cranberry-walnut toast http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-050d_XIor1NpCuWkbIVaQ?select=-gdeqfSkpFBnCfkRo3Lcng#-gdeqfSkpFBnCfkRo3Lcng, while I had the ham steak, hash browns, eggs (over-medium, please!), and whole-grain toast.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-050d_XIor1NpCuWkbIVaQ?select=OCEqJ846dKKtI2TLJ3mg5Q#OCEqJ846dKKtI2TLJ3mg5Q  (Let me just say that we both LOVED the cranberry-walnut toast!  Is it MJ bread or from Simply Bread??  I've got to get a hold of some to have at home!)  I enjoyed the ham steak and the hash browns were wonderful, as always.  Eggs are always delicious here- aren't they from local Hickman Farms?  Mom didn't enjoy her omelette so much- too much salami!  I don't like salami, but I tried a bite anyway.  Yep, I STILL don't like salami...  However, she did enjoy the eggs, after picking off most of the meat, and the bread w/ the plum jam.I'm always happy when my Mom enjoys herself at a restaurant that I take her to, so thank you MBB for helping her start her vacation right!
5	Best...hashed...browns...ever.  (and yes, it's hashED browns, folks.)  I have tried a new brunch place almost on a weekly basis since I moved here in August, and MBB wins the hashed browns contest hands down.  They're so perfectly and proportionately crispy and soft.  DELISH!  Do try!  I ordered the hog and chick kind of out of necessity since there wasn't a great variety of choices on the menu, but in the end, it didn't matter cuz it was delicious.  I think the thing about MBB is that everything on the small menu is probably awesome, which is why they can afford to keep the menu small.  A nice touch was that they carried the Sunday newspaper, which was perfect since we forgot ours that particular weekend, and that helped to pass the waiting time for our food (which was not bad at all.  maybe 15 minutes.).  For all you coffee lovers, the java here is pretty good as well.  In fact, the waitress told us that the owners of MBB just recently opened up a coffee shop somewhere locally, so I'll have to find out where and go.  I just hope I don't have to wait as long as I did to get into MBB to get some coffee.  Truthfully, it wasn't so bad waiting.  I think we only waited about a half hour.  The only downside to MBB is the small space!  You'd think they would want to expand a little, but mayhaps this is part of the allure for us MBB fans.  No pain, no gain. Sidenote: Parking is not the BEST, but if you go early, you should be able to find a spot just fine.  ALSO, note that they do NOT split checks.  Good to know beforehand.
5	I made my second trip to Matt's this week.  I took my wife for breakfast once before.  We waited for about a half a hour but the experience was very good.  So, I found myself downtown with my daughter who was signing up in the Army National Guard to be a Air Traffic Controller.  I left her at the Military Entrance Processing Station on 1st and Washington at 0530.  With alot of free time on my hands I decided to walk to Matt's.  I arrived just after it opened and there were about 8-10 people already inside waiting for their food.  I sat down and was served almost right away.  I ordered eggs and sausage along with wheat toast.  I then called my wife, who was getting the rest of the girls ready for school, to tell her I was at Matt's.  She was not happy!  Oh well......     The food was great!  The service was great!!!  My total bill was $12.50 including tip.  I then proceeded to walk back to meet my daughter and spent the rest of the day waiting for her to finish her paperwork.  She leaves on June 1st and I am very proud of her!
4	Been here twice ...and both times were worth the wait.  It is a tiny little place with nice, genuine staffers.Both times I ordered their specials of the day...and both times...YUM!! One was a scramble with Anaheim chilies in it....delish!  The potatoes were scrumptious too!!Do yourself a favor and check it out...if you can...go during the week...weekend waits can be pretty long!
3	Food is great....5 stars.  The wait....1 star.  Sorry...no place is worth two hours for breakfast.
3	With this restaurant I am evaluating wait time to how much I enjoyed my breakfast. Don't get me wrong the breakfast was very good and the quality of the ingredients was superb. But the wait makes me give this 3 and not 4 stars. I recommend going early like as soon as they open or do as we did. Get your name on the list, walk across the street to the Public Market/Royal Coffee shop and get your coffee there, then leisurely walk back to wait. Warning-No outside food or drink is allowed inside so be sure to finish your drink or bottle of water before entering. I had the ham and eggs with hashbrowns and sourdough toast. Mmmmm it was all very good. The hashbrowns were super crispy but also rather oily. The bread and fresh preserves, we had to make room for them since the full breakfast portions are large. My friend had an omelet with provolone and the walnut raisin cranberry bread and he raved about it. My other friend had the special that day which was a large omelet and a locally made andoullie sausage however he had the home fries instead of the hashbrowns. The home-fries are large potato pieces seasoned with rosemary. He enjoyed them but wished he had the hashbrowns instead. We all tried each others plates and in the end they were all jealous of my Ham, a nice thick piece of bone in ham. Again the quality of the food and the products served is worthy of a 4 but with the wait...a 3.
5	Always worth the wait. Their food is consistently delicious and the staff is fun and friendly. I highly recommend ordering the bacon- it is the best bacon I've ever had- thick and crispy. Love it!
4	Small cozy joint.... great coffee... friendly servers....simple menu. Another Triple D find worth going to...... I am finding Guy F. loves Arizona... after spending a week here I can see why.. tons of good eats super little time! Got here after the business people but before the slacker crowd (back home that means somewhere between 8:30 and 9 AM). So we had no wait....I got the five spot which totally kept me full for hours...that and the three cups of local coffee... The peppery bacon this joint uses is to die for...My five spot: The sweet onions, the bun, the bacon and the perfectly cooked eggs.... solid breakfast. I had a taste of Julie K's griddlecakes and they were yummy. I appreciate simplicity and this place has some basics on the menu but do them well. Reasonably priced menu... I highly recommend :-).Few things1. BRING QUARTERS ....  lots of places to park but it is metered parking2. come early and make sure EVERYONE in your party is there3. Bathroom is next door (TALK TO MIKEY.. he is a very wise and amazing person)
4	You gotta love Matts Big Breakfast...a simple menu with the freshest ingredients, good service, and a cozy down home setting that makes you feel like you're eating in Grandma's kitchen. We got lucky on our last visit b/c it was later in the day and drizzling outside, so there was no wait at all and we got right in. I don't think I would try to go here during peak hours on a Saturday or Sunday morning, unless you like waiting a while to get seated. We ordered the Salami Scramble (good) and the Waffle (great), along with a side of bacon. Their bacon is definitely one of the best in all of Phoenix, that's for sure. It's flavorful and juicy and crisp all at the same time. I don't think I would change a thing about this place, except for the sketchy location that it is in. It's kind of artsy fartsy and trendy on the one hand, but then on the other hand there are about 5 crack dens surrounding it. Let's just say I wouldn't want to be there alone at night.....hence why it is a breakfast place I guess. We actually experienced some of the shadiness first hand when we went to the hotel next door to go pee after our meal (no bathroom in the place). There was a torn up hooker in her 50's arguing with the lady at the check in desk about money with some guy who was missing all of his front teeth. There was obviously something illegal about to do down in one of the rooms, so we peed as quickly and quietly as we could and left the scene before we could get shot. Even so, getting shot is definitely worth the risk for some of their delicious food!
5	Matt is a Kansas City native like me and like Kansas City folks knows great food.  Though breakfast is busy, it is worth the outside wait even in the middle of the summer.  The wait staff is great and always on their toes, it is fun to see the owner's wife active in the restaurant filling coffee, delivering food and following up on your experience.  Though the menu is not too long, it has all the classic greats, plus great specials.  For those who like to feel at home for breakfast, this is the place to go.
4	I had my first experience with Matt's this morning. A friend of mine had seen it on Diner's, Dives and Drive In's (or something along those lines) and was excited to try it out. The wait was about 20 minutes(arrived at 9 am) and seating is very limited but worth it!I'm all about the breakfast food so I was excited to try somewhere new. The menu is limited but covers all bases. The coffee (a special blend just for them) is local as is everything that they serve. I swear the bacon tastes better when it's from around the corner.I decided on the belgian waffle and a side of hash browns. SUPER YUMMY!! I appreciate the note on the menu that they only use butter and extra virgin olive oil... No trans fats here! The hash browns were a bit oily but tasty overall.As I was leaving I saw a huge stack of pancakes on their way to a table... I know what I'm getting next time!!
5	Like many others saw this place on triple D.  Have eaten here a couple of times since and have enjoyed it every time.  Go out on a limb and order some of the odd combos they have as speacials and you won't be sorry.A lot of people complain about the wait however there is one sure fire cure for it.....get up a little early and be there prior to 8am and the wait will be very short.  A group of 8 of us arrived at 745 and were in at 8am.Highly recommended!
5	Best Breakfast in Phoenix!!!
3	My husband and I made it to the Farmer's Market early on a Saturday, which is quite a feat, so we decided to reward ourselves with breakfast across the street.  We'd heard great things about Matt's and I always see a crowd of people waiting outside.   He waited for our table while I shopped across the way at the farmer's market.  While he was waiting he went inside and asked for a cup of coffee.  He was told that they only sell coffee with to-go orders, so he asked for a coffee "to go".  He was turned down, so he walked across the street to the farmer's market and bought some coffee from a stand.  When our table was ready, they made him stand outside to finish his coffee because they have a strict "no outside food or drink" rule.  Pretty lame.  As far as the food, I had an omelet with spinach, mushrooms, and fontina cheese.  My husband had an omelet with hard salami.  While the food was good, it wasn't anything I couldn't have made at home.  The star of the meal was the locally made fresh strawberry preserves, but nobody told us that was coming and it didn't go too well with my husband's sourdough toast.  A heads up would have been nice.I think part of the allure of this place is the fact that there is almost always a crowd of people waiting outside.   There's very little chance I'll ever join them.  I'll stick to the breakfast gyros and free samples across the way at the farmer's market.
5	***300th Review***This place is so nice, we went there twice!!!I was on my own for breakfast one morning and had read awesome things about this place. I am so glad I went!Service was friendly and lightning fast!  I went with the recommendation of the server, and got the special: 3 Eggs Scrambled with Wisconsin Cheddar, Chipotle Sausage, and fresh jalapenos.  So simple and so fricken good! OMFG!  The fresh jalapenos were so spicy and yummy!  It also came with hash browns.  I know this is a simple thing, but, seriously, I've never had better hash browns in my life. I also had to order a side of bacon and am so glad I did. YUM!  Good coffee to go with all this too.  Later in the day, the hubby got out of his meeting early so we went to grab lunch there!!!  He loved the Reuben: its flavor, quality and quantity of meat, etc.  Had more hash browns and bacon =)  and tried the waffle. Tasty!I would go here every week if I lived here. Matt's really has a commitment to local, fresh ingredients and it shows in the food and how buy this place can get!  Am so glad I didn't have to wait for a table though...
5	What can I say that hasn't been said about this place, other than the fact that my dad was visiting from Mexico and found this place as he strolled through Downtown back when this place first opened and recommended it to me. High wait times are WORTH THE WAIT. Even the water with lemon they have outside for you while you wait is delicious and satisfying. I always go for the special, and my oh my it has never disappointed.You can tell the difference between this place and other breakfast joint once you taste their food, its natural, organic, with lots of flavor and it smells fresh. Their rosemary garlic potatoes are the best, their pancakes are a trip to Neverland, and their coffee is just as good as the one at a Starbucks. This place has a special place in my heart because I remember going to it when the hype hadnt started and I hardly to wait to eat there at first, so I am glad for them because they really deserve all of the attention that they get for their delicious food. Plus, the owners wife always remembers me and even tells me she hasnt seen me in a long time when I go, its just a wonderful place that knows how to treat its customers and how to keep em happy.
4	A really nice place for breakfast, especially on weekdays. The wait in weekends makes it a bit hard to justify at times, and the crowd feels different - folks in their groups who aren't as willing to socialize with others. The weekday crowd feels like more of a community - more solo diners willing to chat. Food is solid all around - I've had almost everything on the menu and thus stick to the specials most days. You can't go wrong if you're looking for a hearty, well-prepared breakfast.
5	Who is Matt?Why is his breakfast so big?Why are there lines out the door on a regular basis?Why am I able to without hesitation give this place full marks?I took Kristy to this place one cold Fiesta Bowl morning when Jonny decided he needed to sleep in rather than entertain his guests!  Somehow, I remembered that I needed to arrive around 8am if I would get a seat and parking and not starve at the door.  We walked right in!This intimate kitchen setting stashed in the middle of downtown nowhere really is the BIG attraction in the area.  Wholesomely good with organic everything and home grown and home made this and that, I found myself ooohing and aaaahing before even opening my mouth to sample the tea and grapefruit juice!  EVERYONE's food seem to lure me in and I actually had a VERY hard time selecting just one item that I wanted for breakfast.The menu is not big. But my eyes were as a re-contemplated the implications of not getting one item or selecting another option over another.  I landed somehow on the omelette!  Original n'est pas?I enjoyed everything about it.  Kristy got the pancakes and coffee and is still talking about how this was the next best thing to do if  you were denied a promised road trip by a hungover friend to Sedona!
4	After a few times of walking past the group of hungry patrons waiting for their table at Matt's Big Breakfast, it was about time to stop in and try it myself. It was certainly worth the wait, and there is definitely nothing small about the breakfast. I had the special of the morning - three egg scramble with provolone, chicken sausage and spinach, and Sean S. had the griddlecakes. My scramble was the perfect mix of egg-y cheesy deliciousness for a Sunday morning breakfast. The home fries it came with were also mouthwatering. I think onions and fresh rosemary can make any potato taste good, and Matt's certainly had mastered this mix. I did try some of Sean's griddlecakes, and they were perfection - melt in your mouth, fluffy, and buttery. Finally, the service and the atmosphere were great. I don't think my waistline could handle Matt's often, but the breakfast is worth the indulgence occasionally.
5	Coming back from the airport after dropping off the wife, my son said "Dad, I want a GOOD breakfast"....  well my little foodie had a great idea, so I decided to take the advice of Yelp and stopped in at Matt's Big Breakfast.  Ok, my first reaction to following my GPS device's guidance was "woah...I really don't need to get hit up for spare change today".  But once I decided that the neighborhood was ok, I decided to just forget about the surroundings, and give Matt's a try.  I am so glad we did!Service:  Quick, friendly, and accurate!  An instant plus!Food:  I had a basic eggs and meats breakfast with hashbrowns.  The highlight was the bacon (OMG was it good) and the sausage (WOW!)My son had the salami scramble and man did he chow!  He immediately noted we needed to come back and bring mom.The orange juice was clearly fresh squeezed and was just great!!!What can I say, the reviews I read were right.  This place rocks!  It was very much worth five stars!Oh, and don't park in the ASU lot or Barney Fife will give you a lecture like he did to me today.  This annoying little man was literally clicking his heels (jackboots) to lecture me about not parking...and I had to tell him to cut to the chase...as his lecture was going on forever.
3	We were visiting AZ this past weekend, and decided to try Matt's based on all of the great YELP reviews.  After an hour of waiting outside in the rain, the host called our name and said, "we'll be seating you shortly" and handed us menus.  He then came out 5 minutes later and said he was going to take our orders so he could get the kitchen started.  When we were finally seated (at the counter - not even a table) our food was served in about 10 minutes.  It was good (a little greasy) but I would never again wait an hour for breakfast.  Also, they don't have a bathroom in the facility.  You have to go next door!
4	After standing in line a few minutes on a weekday, we made our way to the bar, I ordered up some pancakes. I should have had the special which turned out to look really good. The pancakes were alright, not great but OK. One thing about pancakes they are designed to need syrup, after all a pancake is a syrup delivery system. The pancakes came with about 1 ounce, about half of a shot glass of syrup. I knew right off that wasn't going to get it done but I figured no problem I would just ask for some more. I asked for more syrup and the lady wanted to make sure I understood they charge $1.50 for syrup, I said bring it on after all what good are pancakes without syrup. The refill came and it was probably about 1/2 an ounce of syrup. I ate most of the pancakes but ended up leaving some since pancakes without syrup is boring.
1	Ugh!  I thought maybe I should try this place again before I slam it on Yelp, but after reading some of the other one- and two-star reviews, I realize I'm not nuts.  And there is no way I'm going to wait for hours to give this place another chance.  If you want to wait in line for two hours and then receive a cup of grease along with your hash browns and eggs, then Matt's is the place for you.  Disgusting!  Not to mention the bathroom is next door in a hotel room.
4	After waiting outside in the rain for over an hour to get in, we finally got one of the only ten tables (if even that) in this place.  I do have to say that everything was fresh and everything tasted great... But... it's breakfast.  I know that big chains can somehow screw it up, but for the most part, it's not that difficult to pull off. This is one of the better places I've had breakfast... Maybe it was the hype, maybe the wait in the cold rain, or maybe it was just the food.  Was it worth waiting in the rain for an hour?  No.  Was it worth waiting an hour without the rain?  No.  Was it some tasty breakfast?  Yes.
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):9 Food8 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueYes, the wait is long (there are even waits when it's raining).  But that's because the food is damn good.  The menu isn't big, but what they have is good.  And I'm stopping there, because there isn't anything left to say about Matt's that hasn't already been said.
5	"How far is the drive from LA to Phoenix?" I recently caught myself contemplating this one morning in my home in LA. That is how good this place is! Recently, on a business trip, we went for a sort of brunch/lunch. My wife had already had breakfast there that morning and insisted we return. Myself, being a skeptic, lowered my expectations so I would not burst her bubble. After my first bite of their Reuben sandwich and their hash browns I began to bubble myself! In a good way of course! The combination of the QUALITY ingredients and the simplicity of the items made everything we ate a joy. This is a trait I have seen through most of Europe and hopefully the trend is coming here. Quality and simplicity are king! Now the trick is to somehow get back to Phoenix. Foiled again, I knew there was a catch to this place!
3	Long Long Long Long Long Long Long wait, for average food. I remember saying to myself "We'll this was not worth the wait" the entire time I was eating. If I knew I could get a seat right away, I might frequent this place. Otherwise, I am not wasting my entire morning waiting on a meal that I could make at home in 1/8 the time.
4	If there's a wait, stick around because you'll thank yourself afterwards.
5	Matt's Big Breakfast is my favorite breakfast place of all time.  The food is super-fresh and super-delicious.  The service has always been extremely fast and friendly, which is amazing given how busy the place always is.  The only downside is that there's always a wait to get in.
4	1. Awesome location.2. Fantastic Food.3. Great environment.Only reason to not give it 5 stars is because the wait time is so long but this place is a must go.
5	Totally worth the wait, for all the people complaining about the wait... If you dont have the patience to wait for quality food, call ahead or go to Denny's. Their portions are very large, and honestly I don't get why that is a complaint, get a togo box and enjoy the rest of your lunch or breakfast later. Everyone is always friendly who works there and you have to respect the fact that almost all of there food is locally sourced.
4	My SJ buddies and I came here for breakfast one weekday morning.  Now I know why Matt's gets such great reviews.  The only draw back to Matt's is that it is just so small.  But then again, that is part of it's charm.  This is a tiny little house on a corner in downtown Phoenix.  I can just imagine what the weight is like on the weekends.  They have great fresh food and coffee.  I had the "Hog an Chick" meat and eggs....applewood smoked bacon...YUM!!  And the potatoes reminded me of my Uncle Ernie's potatoes.  So good with herbs and onions.  I gobbled up every bite!!  My coffee cup was never empty and the sourdough toast was .....mmmmm toasty.  I loved Matt's.  Just be sure to bring lots of quarters because there is nothing but metered parking all around.
5	During one of our Spring Training trips, we stopped by here for breakfast on Guy Fieri's recommendation on Diners, Driveins and Dives. The place gets packed and it's a small little area, so expect to wait at least an hour. We waited for 90 minutes before we got in on a Sat morning...Well worth the wait! Ben had their omelet scrabble special with spinach, cheese and sausage. I had a simple scrabble eggs with sausage. Obviously, I liked Ben's dish WAY better. We ordered a side of their peppered bacon, they were thick and juicy and DELICIOUS! Ben was in love with their home fries, the hint of rosemary really added to the favor. Their pancakes and french toast looked good too, but we were too stuffed to try it.We are going back on our next Spring Training trip! Definitely a must try, but like everyone said, be prepared to wait a LONG time.
5	Matt's Big Breakfast is a place that I try to get to multiple times a month.  To put it simply... it is amazing.  I am not a big breakfast person, but I would gladly make time to get over there for some food when I can.  The Eggs Benedict and most of the specials are great!  I typically choose hash browns over home fries, as the hash browns are a little lighter, but both are quite tasty.  Most people overlook the lunch items on the menu, they are just as good as the breakfast items.  The pesto chicken sandwich and the big butter burger are quite delicious.What else to say... The staff is very friendly and attentive. I have never had a bad experience there and it is well worth the wait if you have the time.Oh and do yourself a favor... make sure to get some Bacon (unless you don't eat bacon).
4	Yay, finally got to try this place today. I had the waffle which came with two slices of bacon and I added an overeasy egg. Best Belgian style waffle I have ever had. It really is amazing. Butter was tasty and I even loved their syrup (I normally despise syrup). Their syrup lacked that really pungent smell that usually makes me a little sick. And it was a lot thinner than most syrups I've seen. Very yummy. You can tell everything is really fresh. Would highly recommend it. Service was friendly and came around frequently, but the wait and metered parking knocked it down from 5 to 4 stars.
3	I thought the food was really good here. I went just like everyone else because of Diners, Drive-in's and Dives and some other local input. I can't even tell you how long we waited. It was unbelievable. The quality was good and the price was great. I would have given it 4 stars if we didn't wait outside for at least 2 hours. The place only holds like 5 tables so the service better be good. We have not been back because it's hard to justify that length of time waiting to eat.
3	Well I have heard the hype, seen it on DDD and viewed the lines wrapped around the block. A few friends raved about this place. I should have taken note to "who" of my friends were raving about it. They tend to eat anything.I will not say the food is bad. It is actually good. However, nothing that requires this much attention. I grew up in NYC and we had tons of great diners serving bkfst, lunch, dinner and late late night meals. The food is freshly made. The most impressive thing on my visit was the fresh squeezed o.j. It was perfect.The menu is small and I swear they don't have a green veggie or fruit in that place. It is carb and fat overload. The portions are huge. But I know this is what some people like and what they go for.I was bamboozled by a friend into going here. He suggested lunch and was paying. Of course I will be gracious and go where he wants to go. I guess a part of me wanted to see what all the hype was about. I don't usually eat this type of food, which might be the problem right there. I don't get excited off plates full of pork, flour, syrup, carbs and more carbs. After waiting 30 mins or so I was hungry and decided that I will pay for the meal ltr by a kick butt hike. Well lets just say no hike happened. I took an extended nap ltr that day. That heavy food sucked the living energy out of me for two days. Ohh Matt your big breakfast was so not for me. If this is your kind of food I am sure you will enjoy it. If you don't eat this way often be prepared to feel like you ate a ton of bricks the next few days.
5	One of the best parts of my career is that I get to eat around. If eating were sex, I'd safely call myself a whore.Matt's Big Breakfast isn't just my favorite breakfast in Phoenix. It's quite possibly my favorite breakfast anywhere. Matt and Ernie do it right, and Phoenix is one lucky town for it.When I work in Phoenix, I conveniently stay just  few blocks away. On my last visit, I made it into Matt's no fewer than four out of the six days I was there.Yes, you will likely wait outside if you go on the weekend. Not so much on a Tuesday, but perhaps. You never know. It's not important, though. It's so worth the wait. (weight).Having tried a good portion of the menu, I keep coming back to the "Salami Scramble". It's one of those things you may make in your own kitchen and eat too much of when no one is looking. It's exactly what you imagine it is and, when paired with their amazing hash browns, close to perfection.  If you're feeling hungry enough, the Chop and Chick is the way to go. A delicious, well chosen pork chop with eggs. Sigh.The quality of the food at Matt's is memorable for its flavor, temperature and love which is clearly sprinkled generously on top of every buttery bite. Big Breakfast. Big Love. Big Belly.
1	I feel like a douche bag for giving Matt's only 1 stars when everyone else raves about this place and the owner truly is such a delight so in my defense let me explain:This place is a hot spot, every time I've tried to go there, it's packed.  Each time, I've never wanted to wait so I went on my way.One Sunday, I was just down the street from them at Valley Youth Theatre watching Winnie the Pooh with my son and I thought how great it would be to take my son to this popular joint for a bit of breakfast afterward.  When we got out of the theatre, it was pouring rain in giant buckets, one of those rarities in Phoenix where you can't see what's in front of you cause it's raining so hard.  Well, we braved the rain and drove to Matt's~ 5 mins. after their posted closing time and yup, you guess it~ despite me and my 3 1/2 year old son drenched wet and  looking pleadingly at them for some warm food and a place to stay for awhile to get out of the rain, they told us they were closed and sent us on our way.  Talk about tough standards~ I guess when you are as popular as Matt's you get to make and stick by the rules you make.Despite that experience, I still wanted to try Matt's because of all the applaudes I've heard about the place. Finally I made it there on one of those days when I had the time for the long wait and sadly for me, I was sorely disappointed by the breakfast served to me.I had remembered reading some article about the BIG BREAKFAST served at Matt's and that's what I was expecting.  I ordered the waffle with bacon for $9 expecting a Denny's portion of food but with flavor and excellence.  The place was packed so I had to wait 30mins for my waffle to materialize in front of me.  When I got the one piece of waffle and one piece of bacon served to me, I thought perhaps while waiting I had accidentally swallowed Alice (in Wonderland) tonic and was now a giant looking at my rather small serving of food on my plate.  Seriously, I almost felt tears come into my eyes, I was so disappointed.  Needless to say, after trying so many times to go to Matt's and finally getting there just to have not a big breakfast but a are you kidding me?  where's the rest of my food experience, I will not go back there.  It's a good thing too cause it's far from my house and I hate waiting!
4	The aptly named Big Breakfast isn't the only thing they should be famous for. The food is not only generous, its fresh. The potatoes are home made (nothing processed here) and the bread appears as if its never seen a bag in its life. They kept the coffee coming! We didn't wait at ALL on Tuesday at 7AM so if you work downtown, do yourself a favor and hit Matt's before work one day..you'll beat the traffic, the Saturday lines and be so full, you probably won't need much of a lunch. In short: fresh food, tall coffee, tasty treat. Well worth it. Even with a wait.
5	Yes you will have to wait. Is it worth it? YES. Today I visited with a friend of mine. I could smell the scent of bacon, coffee which fueled my appetite but I was craving a burger. You know a burger is good when no mayo, mustard, or ketchup are needed. Just the taste os a well cooked burger (side of kettle chips).  Expect a wait, most of the time. Come hungry. Waiting is outside (it is a very, very small building), but worth it. Next time, I will order the breakfast.
5	I've been coming here for a long time, and there's been no dip.  Kudos to Matt and Erenia for holding true to the idea of making rad, no-frills breakfast food like they do back on the farm.  I don't eat here as often as I'd like, because the lines are impossible and I don't have the time to devote to an hour wait for Saturday or Sunday breakfast, but if the night before was long and I end up sleeping in, I have no shame about grabbing some breakfast at 1:30, and the lines are usually gone by then.  I will miss this place dearly.
4	Again, people must understand that good things (food) come to those who wait.  Imagine if Matt's Big Breakfast seated as many as a Denny's.  They'd be forced to mass cook, quality would go down and service would suffer.  True, this place COULD be a tad bigger, but you can't discount them for being delicious and popular.The time my wife and I went, there was only a 20 minute wait, so we strolled around downtown Phoenix, visited the local organic grocer, which I highly recommend, and the time flew by.We sat at the bar and got the inside scoop on the place as we chatted to everyone from the busboy to the owner.  And the scoop was, they are opening a high-end organic coffee shop on 5th and McDowell or Thomas,
3	Overrated, overrated, overrated.The food was OK, the service sucked, they don't have ranch dressing, and they don't  have any restrooms on site... which is unacceptable in my opinion.After waiting over an hour and listening to all the people raving about how good the food was outside, I had high hopes. My over easy eggs were soupy, more like under easy, nasty, and the guy next to me complained hes eggs were soupy as well. Something as simple as eggs should be cooked to perfection if this place was so good. The bacon and ham were pretty good, but nothing extra ordinary. The hash browns were soaked in butter and cooked with some short of pepper mix that tasted like crap. The pancakes were just pancakes with maple syrup, tasted exactly like pancakes from crackle barrel, whatever. The only thing at this place I can honestly say was the best I've ever had was the whole wheat toast. The food was ok. If their wasn't a wait it would be worth eating at, but other then that, places like Chompies and The Breakfast Club are far superior.
4	This restaurant is hard to describe.  The restaurant itself and the menu are really simple, breakfast staples, but they are done so well that they taste better! All ingredients are local and organic.   I always try to do the "special", which is usually a type of scramble.  Always delicious!  There are only about 7 tables in the whole place, so I left off a star for the wait you will see on the weekends.  However, it is 100% worth the wait!
4	Wait sucks. Pancakes to die for!
4	After driving from Lake Havasu to Phoenix, the bf and I were ravenous and wanted something big and breakfast-y.  Matt's Big Breakfast was the natural choice, and we didn't regret it, not one bit!We arrived at 2pm, and the place closes at 2:30, according to the sign on the door.  Luckily, they let us eat.  I got the waffle and eggs ($6).  The waffle was possibly the best I'd ever had - big squares of Belgian waffle fluffiness.  The eggs, scrambled, were organic, and they made sure we knew it.  I appreciated this very much because I live in organic capital of the world.  Also on the side was a delicious, fresh thick-cut of bacon, perfectly peppered.The bf had the salami scramble ($6.50), equally delicious, with authentic, not-out-of-the-bag salami.  These were thick chunks, and tasted wonderful in the softly scrambled eggs.If I'm ever in this neck of the woods again, I'll be sure to stop by Matt's. Overall, a delicious breakfast experience for a steal!
4	This place has great food, great service, great atmosphere...but a crappy wait. I love eating at Matt's, but I don't go as frequently as I would like because of the wait. I think the food is better than most, they use fresh ingredients from the farmers market down the way, which always improves food quality.Some people don't like the size of the restaurant, but I love it! It wouldn't be as fun and intimate if it were bigger. I have had Matt's a few times, but today I went at 6:40 (10 minutes after they open) and it was incredible. There was no line and no people, making the feel of a "small breakfast joint" feel real. It was calm, quiet, wonderful and reminded me to write a review! So, if you're an early bird and can get there around opening time, I highly recommend it! Otherwise, it's good, but prepared to wait while sipping on some yummy grapefruit water.
5	Drive all the way from Buckeye to Matt's at least once every other week. It's so worth the drive...and the wait Beware...you will have at least a 15 min. wait. But it is soooo worth it! Best Waffles I have EVER had. Bacon is as it should be, thick, crispy and MEATY! I haven't even started on the homefries...YUM! They use all fresh ingredients bought locally, even the coffe is bought from a local place, Cave Creek Coffee. They have me hooked...Do yourself a favor, come down here, order ANYTHING and enjoy! You will NOT be disappointed.
2	I've decided to make this one short and sweet...The Menu - Too Small.The Food - Good, but nothing special.The Service - Stellar.The Aesthetics - Cute, 5&Diner-ish, CRAMPED!The Wait - Too long & clearly not worth it.Just because Guy Fieri ate here...Puh-leeze. 2 Stars because I genuinely appreciate a warm and attentive wait staff.
5	Oh my god. My first experience at MBB was on Good Friday, and it made it an Awesome Friday. The bacon was one of the more memorable things. Thick and cooked perfectly. Oh! And that delicious Honey Lemonade. Such a quaint little spot. Cute, small restaurant makes it feel small-town. The wait wasn't too bad either, but, I haven't been on the weekend yet. Can't wait to go again!
5	Amazing! Such a fun little restaurant. It adds character to downtown Phoenix and the food is great! I got the hot cakes, which were huge and tasted so free, with real butter and real maple syrup. The service was friendly and the atmosphere made me feel like I was back in time at a cute little dinner but with a modern twist. My friend had the special, which was eggs benedict and hashbrowns. Also amazing and you can tell all the ingredients are farm fresh. I'm salvating just thinking about it! The wait wasn't too bad for us. We got their right around 9am and waited for 20 minutes, ate in 40 minutes. However there was quite the line of people after us. I don't suggest going in a large group and only go if you have time for a relaxing morning, long wait but they feed you quickly- but not rushed!
3	Good food...good service...bad location...long wait. The food gives it the xtra star. Triple D...c'mon man!
3	My husband had been buggin me to go.... always at least an hour wait, so I went with my sister who was visiting on vaca form LA.   only 25 minutes outside on a midweek morning about 930 ....  weather was good so that part was fine....I had the special, which was a pork loin benedict, and she had the hog and chick (ham and eggs).  I ordered the wrong thing for sure.    the server recommended the hashbrowns, but my husband said home fries (of course via text, after I had ordered).   the hashbrowns were DROWNED in butter.   Not a bad thing but a heart attack waiting to happen, for real.   service was great, they churned and burned us and got us in and out.   But not sure what the hype is about.  its close, but not cheap as far as diners go, so in my mind I think i would have rather just eaten at home.  so 3 stars, for locally grown food, good service, and a little pricey.
2	We decided that we would take in another great breakfast this Saturday at Matt's.  The food again was awesome that is not my beef.  We arrived at 0600 and our course there was no one else there since they still didnt open until 0630.  The employees were busy getting ready for the day.  Meanwhile some other customers started showing up and it seemed that a few of them knew each other so they must be regulars there.  The door opened and 0630 and a young blond lady invited us in with the others that were waiting.  This is were it happened!   I walked in the door and chose a table to the right and was informed that "that table is set for three".   WTF??    We were the first people in the door and anyone who has ever eaten knows that it is open seating and if seats are not available then you put your name on a notebook sheet of paper by the door and wait.  So, we sat down and watched three "men"  cruise over to the table "set for three"....   I guess that they get prefered seating over other customers.   I know it sounds petty but the tone of little blondy completely pissed me off.......  I dont think it was right and I think her tone was rude and you could tell she really didnt care what we thought about it..I will think again before returning to eat here.   There are a lot of choices alot closer to home for breakfast.
5	Coming from busy Los Angeles, California, this place is stellar in the mellow neighborhood of Arizona. A little mom n pop breakfast house. Little in size but big in name where I had to wait for 45 minutes. Yes!! just for a plate of breakfast. Friend and I got the pesto pork chop and the hash brown ham combination. Hands down best hash brown ever! Crispy on the outside but savory sweet potatoes on the inside. Eggs were huge and had a very sweet yolk...organic maybe. Overall was just very satisfying for a simple American breakfast. Nothing fancy but premium ingredients for solid goodness. Honestly best hash brown  and home fried potatoes I've had thus far. Caramelized and seasoned to perfection. I can really eat potatoes every day if this place was around town.Street parking but it's not bad at all on a weekend. I'm glad I was able to swing by on my visit here. Definitely must try if you're close in town.
5	It's worth the wait just for the orange juice - but the food is good too.The boys went camping, so my daughter and I woke up early and headed downtown for the farmer's market and some breakfast. We stopped at Matt's long enough to put our name on the list and then ventured across the street to meander through all the local wares. We took our time and when we came back, we met and visited a couple of moms who had brought their daughters all the way from Calgary to try this place. (wow)Here's what we figured out about the wait: it's about 30-40 minutes per page of names ahead of you... (ish) Two pages of names ahead of us when we signed in = 1 hour 10 minutes total wait on the day we went.Once inside, I loved the quaintness of the place ( and our service was superb. It's also obvious that they recognize people who have been in before and sometimes even know their names.Being somewhat indecisive, we ordered the cheese omelet and the belgian waffle and shared. The omelet had just the right amount of cheese, making it a perfect accompaniment to the oh-my-gosh! fabulous wheat toast with locally made strawberry preserves. The hashbrowns were nothing to get excited about, but in the nirvana of the previously mentioned last bite, who cares?!?But wait. Then I tried the waffle.One of my best friends and I make waffles all the time - and have been making them for years. She's know for hers. I'm really sorry, dear friend, but Matt's has you beat. Their belgian is the ultimate experience of amazingness with just the right combination of being fluffy without being soggy. Add the 100% maple syrup and I'm good... so very very good. There's no need for the sweet cream butter - but it's there if you want it.If they could pick the perfect orange at the moment of ultimate ripeness and squeeze it into a glass, you might be able to imagine the essence of every sip of the juice we drank. Just for kicks, we ordered the honey lemonade. Not really a breakfast beverage, but a must have for when we go back for lunch.Go knowing that you will wait and that it will be worth every minute. Definitely looking forward to going back.
5	Can't believe it took me so long to try this place! Heard about it from friends and of course saw it on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and I had been wanting to try it forever but just never had the chance. I finally tried it with some friends and WOW was it good! I had the salami scramble which was DELICIOUS! Never though of putting salami in eggs but I knew I had to try it and it was really delicious...the eggs and salami combo was really tasty. Got that with hash browns and sourdough toast...I have to say, the hash browns were the BEST I've ever tasted. I have no idea what they do to them to make them so good but they were amazing! Very crunchy too which I love. The toast and coffee were quite good as well, and I can't wait to try the pancakes next time!! Best breakfast I've had in a long time!
5	Almost 300 reviews? What can I say? Simply one of the best breakfast places I've ever went to. Matt's Big Breakfast gets an easy 5 stars. Pros: Everything, from the food, to the service, to the atmosphere, and especially the PRICES!!!Cons: The wait (expect to wait at least 20 minutes during lunch time). The longest I've waited was 35 minutes. Also I believe their honey lemonade (which is DELICIOUS) is $2.75 with no refills. It is the only overpriced thing on the entire menu.In summary, if you haven't been to Matt's, you haven't lived good phoenix breakfast yet!
2	Overhyped?What am I missing here?I was very excited about checking out Matt's. We went on a Sunday morning, so I expected a long wait (I even brought a book).There was about an hour wait ahead of us, so I was already happy it wasn't longer than that.The exterior is cute. I was already giving the place a point on style alone and because the interior is oh-so tiny! They had some retro looking fans going-we ended up sitting in the rear room.I had the eggs and sausage, with wheat toast. Meh. I wasn't crazy about the food. The prices were very reasonable though.My toast was way too thick, and was more a multi-grain than a wheat (hey I know the difference). I like thin, crunchy toast, not giant slabs of semi toasted bread.There is no bathroom-you have to go next door to the creepy motel to use the bathroom which is in a room .Did I mention creepy? it's super creepy.Back to the food. I didn't notice any size selections for the juices. I had an orange juice. It was freshly squeezed and very tasty, but oh so tiny. I could have finished it in a gulp.No one read us any specials, though I did hear the people next to us were read the specials (hey maybe I wanted the steak and eggs?! At least gimme the option. hmmph).The service was hurried, but not rude. Our drinks were never refreshed.. so I was licking the pulp out of my cup by my 3rd bite.My husband had the belgian waffle. Again, Meh. Nothing special.There was really nothing special here that would make me come back, the wait alone, though not as long as I expected, will keep me away.
5	This is a true breakfast/quick lunch spot. If you go in there with 6 people, you dont get it. If youre mad you had to wait 30 minutes for a 2 top, you dont get it. If you dont put your name down, YOU DONT GET IT! But if you can just show up, put your name on a list, and patiently wait till it gets called you will be privied to one of the best b-fast joints in town. Everything from top to bottom just tastes fresh (mostly because their product is almost all locally provided). The Chop an Chick is a great place to start, a hearty pork chop that has been marinating in some sort of love, most of the breakfasts are served with your choice of gold potatoes with rosemary and onions, or hashbrowns, eggs, and toast from Tammy Co. Bakery, they also serve it with fresh preservatives. The special is always good and always different! All in all I drive 25 minutes to this place atleast once a month and I have yet to have any sort of dissapointment once. If you ask, wheres my toast, YOU DONT GET IT!!!!
5	Went in today for lunch, and ordered the AM special. The special was originally a 3 egg scramble with provolone cheese, ham, and fresh locally grown organic spinach. I subbed out the ham for their amazing bacon, and this was definitely a treat! I got this with white toast and their delicious home fries (they're the best I have ever had). It's too bad Matt's doesn't open more locations around the valley. I really wish they had one closer to Scottsdale/ Tempe. I would be there 4 times a week!
3	waited for a really long time . . . like an hour and a half.  To be honest - it wasn't all that and a bag of chips like I expected.  I mean, it was good, but I was expecting to get blown away and I didn't.  The breakfast wasn't even that big.  I had the special and I can't even remember what it was that's how unimpressed it was.I won't go back.
4	I feel kinda silly writing about a place that already has over 200+ amazing reviews, but this is the internet and goddamnit, my opinion matters. But its true.. All 200+ rave reviews are spot on... Matts. Is. The. Shit. If it weren't for the long-ass wait in the three thousand degree AZ summer heat, I'd probably be there on a regular, but sorry dudes, I am a ginger kid, and I burn. I also have no soul, but you all already knew that.Anyway.I was skeptical for, ohhh, about a year... yes, it took me that long to actually muster up the patience to deal with the wait.. but I have very persuasive friends who have really good ideas., so last Saturday, I went, and the fact that its been almost a week since i've tasted the sweet spuds in their hashbrowns makes me want to cry. They are seriously, one of the most delicious things ive ever eaten. I got the Chop & Chick.. because i love pigs and eating them. The pork was perfect, nicely seasoned, tender and delicious. I got my eggs over medium, because egg yolk is one of my favorite things to dip shit in, and an order of home fries because the waitress said the hash browns were "kinda funky, not like usual", that day.. but she lied. or maybe she didn't, but my friend got them and either way, they were amazing. My friends got the 5 spot (breakfast sandwich thing) & the daily special (some chorizo mexicany mash up of yum), which were both equally amazing, but for real, my yolk covered pork chop superseded anything those fools were eating. Its been on my mind for days.As usual, I drank way too much coffee, but what I should have done was order a chocolate milk like my good friend Georgie S. had.. For whatever reason, it was better than any other chocolate milk in the universe.Its small, cramped, kinda retro, no booze and there is no bathroom.. but whatever, I like places like this. its totally worth it, and did I mention its CHEAP?!Go here at least once in your life. Make sure to get the HB's and visit The Downtown Phoenix Farmers Market across the street when you're finished. Its the perfect way to start your Saturday.
4	I usually steer-clear of places that are rumored to have a long ass wait but my Mama selected this place for her birthday brunch, needless to say it was a yummy breakfast. We got there around 815 and were seated around 9, so if youre being leisurely, its worth the wait.The menu is small and concise, making it somewhat easy to decide; it all looks and sounds so good. But it's all pretty basic meals with a couple of daily specials. One of which I had; scrambled eggs, jalapenos, cheese, onions, and a shit ton of delicious, partnered with home-fries and a tortilla. The jalapenos were just right and so fresh! We also had tried some of the walnut, raisin bread toast; which was fantastic. My boyfriend had the waffle which was good but I could tell he could use another one ($8 for one waffle?). I don't eat swine too often but the bacon was heavenly; thick and peppered. One thing I do regret about the meal was I saw someone order some chocolate milk, definitely should've got some instead of coffee; what's the rush to wake up on a Sunday anyway?When we came out, some people who had been waiting near us, were asking what we got and how it was. It seemed our leaving Matt's got everyone outside's mounths watering. Everyone lit up to hear our reviews, which I thought was pretty funny...So all-in-all it was good but nothing so amazing (which is what I've heard about this place). Great for a special occasion or once in awhile.
5	Best breakfast in Phoenix hands-down!Love, love, love the Chop and chick!  The pork chop is cooked perfectly.  First time ever I've had a pork chop cooked and seasoned perfectly that I didn't make myself :)
5	This is the best breakfast I've ever had.  Period.  The food was SO good that it totally outweighed the wait outside on a hot day.Yes, you WILL wait if you come here, but it is absolutely worth it.  The staff here are quite adept at quickly moving people through the restaurant without making anyone feel terribly rushed, and other than your wait to get seated, you won't wait long on anything else.Most breakfast places excel at one or two things, usually the sweeter side of breakfast (pancakes, waffles, etc).  I don't tend to eat a lot of these, so I'm stuck getting some half-toasted toast, eggs, and potatoes.Not here.  Here everything on their menu looks good and is even better in execution.I did end up ordering the toast, eggs, and potatoes, to be fair, but I still can't forget just how good they were.  The toast was a whole-grain variety, thickly sliced, nutty, and perfectly toasted.  It was served with butter and jam, and it was so good that I was reluctant to let my friend try any of it.  The potatoes were crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside, but both the toast and the potatoes paled in comparison to the eggs.Yes.  Eggs.  Matt's Big Breakfast earns my nod as the best breakfast joint I've ever patronized because of their eggs.  They were scrambled, but something about them was so mouthwatering that I was disappointed when I finished them.   Most scrambled eggs at other restaurants are served cold, dry, chewy, or any number of other unappetizing ways.  Not at Matt's.  I'm sure they cooked them in butter or something equally as awful for you but, damn, were they ever good.  To this day, nearly a year later, I still have not had better eggs anywhere else.  Believe me, I've tried.  Nothing beats Matt's.Everything else looked amazing, and they frequently feature specials.This is the Pizzeria Bianco of breakfast in Phoenix.  Long waits, but a must-attend for each and every Phoenician.
5	Yes, we all know about the breakfast....I give it a 4. Today though, I went in for lunch. Gosh dang, 5 stars, it was amazing!I ordered the Chicken sandwich - Heaven! My friend got the butter burger and he claims it may now be his top burger in Phoenix (even over the Chuckbox!) Homemade chips, toasted buns, garlic pickle, and just perfectly cooked meat.
5	REAL food (not the processed crap you find at Denny's).  Super friendly and fast service.  Family owned and operated.  Local ingredients  Great portions.  What more can you ask for?  Oh, maybe a few more tables to shorten the wait.  But that's all part of the charm!  This is my pick for the best breakfast in Phoenix!SOOOOO delicious!!
3	Just got home from eating at Matt's Big Breakfast. Waited for about 15 minutes before we were seated which wasn't too bad. However, after trying the food, I don't think it would be worth it to wait beyond 15 minutes especially during the summer months to eat here. To start, the menu is a little too small and was missing some key breakfast essentials I thought. Biscuits and gravy... Hello? Anyways, I decided on the chick and chop meal with hash browns, over easy eggs, and sourdough toast. The chop was really dry and tough and at times, flavorless. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the hash browns, though really greasy, were some of the best I have ever had. The toast didn't taste much like sourdough to me but the home made peach preserves were pretty legit. My husband on the other hand liked the toast. I also ordered a small fresh squeezed OJ. Maybe its just me but I almost felt I would have rather had something from a bottle. Something just didn't taste right to me about the OJ. Lots of pulp, so if you like to chew your OJ, then you might enjoy it. The husband opted for the special: 3 meat scramble with cheese and fresh jalapeno's, hash browns, and tortilla. He said it was alright but was a little weirded out that one of the meats was bologna. All in all, the prices were not too bad. We felt they were a little skimpier on their portions than other places particularly with the amount of hash browns and the toast. For a place calling itself "big breakfast," I guess I expected more. Would we go back? Being that we are from Maricopa, this is pretty far for us to travel for breakfast so probably not anytime soon. The wait that is almost always present also doesn't seem worth it for a place that had nothing memorable to me other than their hash browns and peach preserves. Maybe if we are in the area and its not summer though...
4	Great, real and fresh breakfast in a super cute teeny tiny spot.  The space is so small that they don't even have a bathroom and could probably only serve 20-25 people at a time.  We waited about 15 minutes on a Thursday morning, but i would assume the wait could get scary on the weekends.The food was totally spot on.  From the thick sliced perfectly baked bread they use for toast to the honey lemonade, all the small details take this spot to another level.  I ordered the special scramble which was ham, fresh jalapeno and cheese with a side of hash browns.  Tobin ordered the Hog and Chick (pork chop with eggs) and a side of bacon.  While the entire meal hit the spot, the hash browns were the highlight with a perfect balance of crispy top browned bits to the soft buttery layer underneath. The bacon was also legit, perfectly thick cut and cooked to perfect chewy goodness.The staff was very friendly, quick and attentive and all seemed to thank us as we as we finished up and walked out.  This place is a definite must see as it is everything restaurants in up-and-coming neighborhoods should be.
5	I was so very excited to eat here as I had been trying for a number of years.  The wait was not bad and we were seated within 30 minutes on a Thursday morning.Everyone was polite and this being a very tiny spot everything was quick.I ordered the waffle and bacon and my mom had the ham and cheese omelet. WOW is all I can say we were both impressed and I really enjoyed the waffle and the thick sliced bacon.I really really enjoyed the thick sliced bread with the strawberry preserves and the omelet was amazing. Also the chocolate milk was very very good.If your in phoenix I cant say enough that you should try Matt 's for friendly service and great food. It is worth the wait.
5	Get the home fries get the home fries get the home fries.How I never heard of this place before is beyond me. Found it by accident over the weekend and have never been so happy.  Ive been looking for a good greasy spoon breakfast place since i moved here and this place is great.Its small, there will be a line, but its so worth it.  I got the 5 spot (SUPER thick bacon, REAL eggs, onions, cheese on a roll) and my boyfriend got the griddlecakes, it was delicious.The waitresses were nice, the place was clean which i imagine is a chore considering the cramped quarters, and the food is just awesome.Its casual, you should show up early, and 2 people can eat very well for under 20 bucks.
5	We went on a Thursday around 10:30 and didn't expect a long wait... surprise, surprise, we waited an hour. Other than the wait (which was expected) the food was delicious. Everyone working at Matt's were friendly (they all say goodbye to you as you leave). I definently recommend getting the bacon as a side if it does not come as part of your meal. If you can't stand the heat, order carryout or show up later (at 11:30 there was maybe a 15 minute wait).
5	This place is fantastic.About the restaurant itself.  It's right by downtown Phoenix, and in fact right next to a Light Rail stop--so keep this in mind, parking is metered and sometimes hard to come by easily, if you live by a light rail this may be the smarter option.  The place is seriously tiny, only about 6-8 groups of people can be seated at one time.  A slight drawback is that there is limited outdoor seating, which, given the predictably large lines even on weekdays, is a problem.  The Phoenix sun will make a 45 minute wait seem like an hour and a half wait.Now about the service.  I've always had a good experience with the people who work here.  The first time I came here, apparently one of the owners saw that I looked lost, because she came out and very kindly explained how people are seated, where I can go to get coffee in the meantime.  She even suggested I leave my cell phone number and she'll call me when my seat is ready, in case I'm shopping for example.  The waitresses always serve us quickly and never leave us hanging, and they're always smiling, which for some reason makes the experience so much better.Now for the best part.  I swear, they put crack in their food, because although their breakfast options are simple, they are out of this world.  The first time I came here I got the waffles.  Perhaps it's because they use REAL maple syrup, or all of the ingredients are organic and locally grown, but they make the best waffles I've ever had.  I don't even know how one makes a good waffle really, it seems pretty formulaic, but it's stellar.  I ordered it with bacon, which was also wonderful--the bacon used was the good stuff, not the excessively fatty bacon you buy at the supermarket.  Every bite is spectacular, and when you're done, you're full, but not the kind of full you'll often get at breakfast joints where you think you're going to explode or take a nap--full, but refreshed.The second time I came I got the pancakes.  Not the best pancake I've ever had, but still, superb and the real maple syrup just sends it through the roof.  The third time I went I got the waffle again (see above).Before I came here, I was excited about leaving Phoenix for New York due to the incredible array of dining options you get in that city.  Now I'm worried there won't be anything as good!
5	This place is the best breakfast in town. It used to be so easy to get a table too until Guy Fierri  had them on his show and now you wait at least 45 mins for a table.  But the food is so good OMG it is still worth it. It is so tiny but the food is huge!! The fresh fruit preserves on the homemade bread, the home fries with fresh rosemary and caramelized onions, yummy sunny side up eggs with a GIANT piece of ham. I just cannot stress enough how mouth watering delicious this little gem is :)
4	Great classic breakfasts, nothing fancy but very fresh and very good. I'm coming back!
1	OMG, you must be kidding and this place is in business?? so i have heard of Big Matts and wanted to try it. This afternoon i went their for the first time and what a JOKE. first of all i arrived at 12:15 PM and the front door was locked. I asked couple of men that were standing outside how to you get in this place and they told me from the front door, which i was standing in front of. So i knocked on the door and the server opened the door. My first thought is to the owner, dont be cheap and just go ahead and get a real lock for the front door. Then I asked servers where the bathroom was? she told me they dont have one, however they share one with the hotel next door. (this is not a Hilton by the way). I asked i just want to wash my hands. She told me they had hand sanitizer up front. so i used it . I understand the place is small, however, there is health requirement and I am not sure how they pass this. I believe the employees would wash their hands more then once a day. CAUTION!!!! HEALTH. Food. the server was nice and took my order. I asked for their best item on the menu and she highly recommended the daily special. Okay that is what i will get. I got two scrambled eggs, fresh motezzerla, sausage (disgusting) and sweet peppers, this was served with home potato's and toast. how bad can the eggs be, the sausage was uneatable, the potato's were full of Rosemary, and ONE slice of toast for $ 8.95. I have been to numerous breakfast restaurant  and never remember being served ONE slice of toast. Please dont be cheap for $ 8.95 you can serve two slice of toast. I am not sure what the hype is about this place, i will never go there. if you want breakfast go somewhere else like "the breakfast club".
2	I've been to Matt's a couple of times now.  There is always a line.  Most recently I went on a Wednesday, which they will tell you is the slowest day,  and the line was shorter that day.Matt's is small, not in a quaint way, but in a cramped way.  I sat at the counter.  It's impossible to sit comfortably at their counter, because of the lack of leg room, but the other problem is that  they have put one too many chairs at the counter, so I was bumping elbows throughout my meal with my neighbors.  If you go by yourself, they won't let you sit at a table, so you're stuck at their crappy counter.  (don't get me wrong...I normally love to sit at the counter at a restaurant, as you get better and faster service)One of my meals, the AZ scramble (a special) was pretty solid.  And I like the rosemary homefries.  Other meals (including the salami and eggs) weren't that remarkable.Matt's won't be my first, second, third choice for breakfast in the valley.  Too much trouble for inconsistent results.  If I want to wait in a line I'll go to Morning Glory Cafe, where the atmosphere is SO much better and the food is better.  If I don't want to wait in a line, there are many other breakfast places that offer good consistent food without a wait.
2	I was underwhelmed with my experience at Matt's Big Breakfast, although I visited the place prompted by reviews from others.  The location is cute and the place delivers wholesome foods made with fresh, organic ingredients.  The breakfast fare here is nothing spectacular, although they do simple brunch foods well.  Don't expect anything fancy or fusion.  My waffle was perfectly adequate, and while I thought the almost spaghetti-like hash browns were interesting/tasty, the rest of my table disagreed.Standard breakfast fare done simply, nothing to write home about.
5	Best breakfast in town that I have had the pleasure to sample in PhoenixYou will likely have to wait a while to get in, and seating is limited.  If you take a big party, you should be ready to wait a bit longer.  The food is always done great, and they have a daily special.  The ingredients are part of the success, and they use local fresh organic ingredients in the food.  The waffle is the best on that I have ever had in my life.  The eggs and ham or bacon are mucho terrific.  My cousin is a fan of he chop and eggs, and that its two healthy pork chops with eggs and sides.  I have eaten most of the stuff on the menu, and there is only one clunker in my book.  that is the home made potato chips with lunch items.  They are a little heavy for my taste, and its would be nice to see fries with stuff like a huge butter burger.  Sample the organic lemonade, and you won't be disappointed.  The restaurant is close to the light rail, so you could go there on that, and parking is limited.  Visit Matt's BB and you will be back without a doubt.  This is the kind of place that is more old school, and if you want a lot of space and don't want to be close to your fellow diners, you might not like the dining experience.  I see more of these kinds of places popping up now in Phoenix, and it is a great trend in having a more varied palette in the dining experience beyond the huge chains that seem to dominate such new cities like Phoenix.
5	100% love this place. I've been three times, all when passing through Phoenix, and I will be surely sorry if this place ever changes. I appreciate their choice to use fresh, wholesome ingredients, and their food is delicious. Amazing hash browns, fresh juice, homemade preserves, great bread! Everything is tops. The only bummer is that it's always packed, but I don't hold that against them.
5	When I was at Pizzeria Bianco, the second in line peeps mentioned that I try Matt's Big Breakfast. I had also saw the episode on Triple D with Guy Fieri and the dude raved that this was his fave. Now I had already put it on the "must go" list and then asked for recommendations. I was told to expect an hour wait, order the waffles or griddlecakes and the pork rib chop. Good info...It was ambitious of us to want to wake up early to have Matt's, but we did eventually get there, even with the stoopid Android GPS getting us lost at First Ave and not First St. We had made a few passes around the block and saw the farmer's market diagonally from Matt's. I dropped off Kathy to put our names down, parked in the lot and headed over to the farmer's market. Now, you couldn't plan this any better, but the market is open Sat and Weds, so what better way to kill time, instead of sitting in heat? After about 40 mins, we headed back and got called immediately.We got in and ordered waffles with a side of the griddlecakes, since Kathy couldn't decide. I went for the pesto crusted pork rib chop with home fries that were Yukon gold potatoes grilled with rosemary and onions and two eggs over easy. The batter used for both the waffles/griddlecakes were light and fluffy and when you factor in the homemade whipped butter and authentic Vermont maple syrup, the combination is Dyno-mite! My pork rib chop was tender and moist and the Yukon gold fries were absolutely perfect. The thick toast with a side of peach marmalade was delicious. I'm stoked they use locally grown produce, as that ensures that the food is always tip top. The super thick bacon that came with the waffles were just perfect balance of salt and savor. Simply bueno!I'm always in awe of the other reviewers who were expecting some Iron Chef to blow them away with spectacular gourmet food. To do the basic breakfast items and take them to another level should be spectacular in itself. I highly recommend Matt's Big Breakfast for simplistic elegance and for breakfast that truly did deserve Guy Fieri's adulation.Housekeeping items: Go Saturdays, so you can check out the Farmer's Market with all the free and tasty samples. That should keep you busy as your name floats to top of the wait list. The wait staff wants to turn over tables, so other Yelpers can get in and eat too. Stay hungry my friends and happy eatings...
4	I ordered Huevos rancheros. It's pretty good. Very good service. Good food. The sandwhich looks good. Good pork chop. Weird restroom place.  There were lots of people lining up to just get into the restaurant. It's easier to get into the restaurant in singles than as in a group. FYI. Great hidden place to dine in.
5	Oh, Matt's...how I love you!  The best waffle ever!  The friendliest service.  The most congenial endless wait in the valley.  The locally-sourced foodstuffs.  There's nothing about you that I don't like.  I can sign in on your list, go to the Farmer's Market, come back and sip water w/orange slices and fantasize about what I'm going to eat.  I adore the fresh-squeezed orange juice in the cute glasses with the rooster on them.  And the potatoes with rosemary?  Heaven on a plate!  I have never, ever been disappointed or had a bad experience at Matt's.
4	I love this place. I've never had a bad meal there and the staff is wonderful. The only reason I take away one star is because I really just don't like waiting outside. But the griddlecakes and sourdough toast (complete with homemade jam) are amazing!  Hopefully I will be able to visit on a day where I won't have to wait outside for too long.
5	I have been a fan of Matt's for the last 3 years. I go there at least once a week to meet with my circle of friends. Ernie the owner has become a great friend and is an awesome example of someone who has connected with the culture of urban Phoenix. The only drawback which is also Matt's strength is that it is a small place good for only groups of 4 or so. I have had Matt's all to myself with bigger groups of 20 but it requires planning ahead. I suggest going with either the Hog and Chick or try the waffles.
4	My Dad has been wanting to try this place since he saw it on the Food Network. Well, now that he's in town, he got his chance. It's a great little place to get breakfast. And by little, I mean very little. Matt's is tiny. We went on Tuesday morning, at 10am, and waited about 10 minutes to be seated. The first thing that opened up was at the counter. If you go on Saturday or Sunday, good luck. Having said that, everything else about Matt's is great. I had some great griddle cakes there. I didn't even have to order a side, those three pancakes filled me up for hours! My dad had the special, which was eggs, sausage, fontina cheese, and potatoes and toast. My mom had an egg and bacon and cheese Breakfast sandwich. No complaints across the board. The staff does a great job in the small, crowded environment. Each server seamlessly tag teams you during your meal. One person took our order, another gave us our drinks, another our food, and another handled the bill. Somehow they're perfectly organized in what appears to be total chaos! I'd recommend checking Matt's Big Breakfast out sometime!
3	I love Matts and feel everything about this place is IMPECCABLE. But unfortunately the small capacity seating and over an hour waiting in line ALWAYS turns me away.  Id be around more often if I wasn't wasting my weekends sitting on a hot bench.
5	Worth the 30 minute wait in 105 deg Phoenix!!  Everything is fabulous!Had the bacon & eggs (Hog & Chick)...absolutely best bacon & eggs I've ever had.  High quality food and I'm not even a breakfast person.  Griddle cakes were fluffy and delicious.  Homemade bread for their toast and fresh farmers market cherry jam for spread.
4	The place is so cute and unique. It is always crowded. I crave for their harshbrown. I think theirs is the best I ever tasted! It is crunchy and yummy. My husband loves their pork chop. I recommend to come early because they are usually packed with local people
3	I heard many people saying we should try Matt's Big Breakfast so we had to go.  This place is VERY small with very limited seating inside and no outside option when we were there.  We waited for about 45 minutes talking to people outside about how good it was.Once seated, on the window bar stools, we were promptly greeted.  Service was good if not abrupt and to the point.  The portions were a good size, but there are bigger out there for sure.  Our food was good but nothing great as we had been hearing.  This is NOT worth the wait if you ask me, but I would go there as a neighborhood staple if no more than a 10 minute wait. For my $ and time, I'm going to Farm House in Gilbert if I had a choice, now THAT PLACE is worth the wait.
4	What a cute place.  Believe me, the place is small but the breakfast is big.   It is a tiny dwelling and I can't imagine the wait time during their peak business hour but talk about helping the little guy out and everyone there was pleasant and most importantly the food was great.  I want to try everything there when I return.BTW, they had the best tasting hash browns I've ever had.... Thinly sliced and well done.....Just the way I ordered it.
4	Yeah...........What everyone else said.........Food is great.  Restaurant is small.  Line is long.  Service is great.  If they delivered this would be the world's best breakfast place.  Even if they had take out.  But delivery?  That would be fantastic.  I could totally picture myself hung over eating a hog and chick in bed.
4	My husband surprised me with breakfast take-out here a few weekends ago and I was a giggling mess. I had the perma-grin waiting for him to get back with my favorite item, the Salami Scramble. It is scrambled eggs mixed with sliced salami, with their awesome thick toast and your choice of hashbrowns or home fries. The jelly they give with the toast is delicious, as well. I can't say I am a huge fan of the potatoes as both the home fries and hashbrowns tend to be really greasy. That's okay, though, because the rest of the food is great. They also have thick-cut bacon you can order on the side that is pretty wonderful. I have eaten in the restaurant, sometimes, and I never had to wait too long and usually the wait seems to go by fast. Inside, the service is pretty efficient which at times can seem like they are pushing you out. But everyone is really friendly. I love that the farmer's market is right across the street which is great if you want to get out and have a nice breakfast before hitting the market. Matt's is closed on Mondays, FYI. Don't be like me trying to hit it up on a Monday off and throwing the collossal temper-tamptrum in the parking lot.
4	The food is very good at Matt's.  I usually get one of the specials.  My wife always gives me a strip of bacon from her plate, and I must say, they have excellent bacon there.  It's a nice thick cut of bacon, which is right up my alley.The service is as it should be.  No frills, but they get the job done.  That's all I really care about.  I'm almost never in the mood for the fake banter you get from chain restaurant servers.There is a little bit of a wait, but people who are not originally from AZ are used to waiting 2x as long, so it's not really a big deal to me.I'd eat here again.
4	First come, first serve so put your name down quick on that notepad...Super friendly staff with super friendly comfort food.  Don't go with a big party! The three of us ordered grass fed steak and eggs, the pork chop and egg, the bacon and home fries... all were delicious!  The wheat bread came with their home made strawberry preserves.  Great for an american breakfast spot!
4	It's one of those mixed blessings.. do you eat/sample at the Farmer's Market or eat breakfast here first and then feel too full to impulse buy from the market later...But if I'm driving 1/2 hr from EV to hit Phoenix's Farmer's Market, then it is totally worth the stop here.  This place is an awfully darn good breakfast joint that sources from locals... the last time I checked:Bacon -- the Pork Shop in QCJams -- Cotton Country JamsCoffee -- C4 aka Cave Creek Coffee CompanyBreads -- MJ (drool)
5	Breakfast - the most important meal of the day and the best, especially if you get it at Matt's!My biggest dilemma at Matt's is only solved by deciding I can take home what I don't eat and enjoy it later.   Plus, I have to say no whenever I can to their yummy organic chocolate milk which fills me up before my food even comes.   It is truly hard for me not to get their omelets which are extraordinary.  I get basic ham and cheese and the buttery goodness of the eggs along with the "real" ham just make any other omeletes I have had just average eggs.  Then there is the frantic moment when the server needs to know if I want home fries or hash.    Ack!  Both are the best although I have figured out that I can take the home fries home pop them in a pan the next day and my house smells like Matt's and the potatoes make everything I make to go with them taste even better.They have scrambles on the special board that often tempt me away and the beauty is that they put in what is fresh at that moment.  Everything at Matt's is fresh and they only use the very best.  My other addiction is to their pancakes which just blow my mind.  No matter what we get I tend to get one on the side to share with my husband as while I don't want to get just pancakes I can't turn it away.The most incredible thing I have ever had there is the Huevos Rancheros.  I even had my name put on a list to be notified when they have them and short of a 3 hour drive back into town I will get to Matt's when they call!My husband is a true blue chop and chick fan.  He can rarely leave the pesto crusted pork chop to order other things, and then he proceeds to nibble every bit off the bone which he assures me is the whole point of the bone.  He also scores my jam as I am not a jam person and according to him and everyone else it is awesome.  I have bought it at the market from the makers as gifts.  The jam goes on the bread which is another treat altogether. Sliced thick and perfectly buttered it also is good the next day.Yes the wait is evil but you just have to manage it.  There is no doubt we don't go as often as we would if it were not long.  It is hard to go on most weekends as it is a 3 hour chunk out the day (for us drive time, wait time, and yummy time), but on Saturday's you can put your name on the list visit the market and return to find yourself top of the list.  Don't fear missing your turn for if you mark down you are going to the market they will put you back at the top of the list when you return if they already called for you.  My husband also ventures there during the week as a single and says he is seated within 15 minutes any time.  Please note he is a cruel man and he is told to keep his trap shut about these solo visits as my food envy thunders in.It is a no brainer 5 star adventure at Matt's.  If the food didn't melt my brain with sensory happiness the adorable picture of the owners' son on the wall certainly gets my heart.  Matt and Erenia keep up the great work (and the cute aprons :-))!
1	More like Matt's Big Lineup
2	If the Chop and Chick is Guy Fieri's favorite breakfast dish, his credibility has dropped a few points.  I wanted to like it... heck, this was one of the reasons I drove out to Phoenix, but the pork chop didn't do it for me.  It was dry and there just wasn't enough pesto to grab my attention. The hash browns saved the meal for me though.  They reminded me of the way my mom used to make them: very thinly-sliced, a little on the oily side and extremely crispy.  I can eat this forever. Yes, the place is small and the wait is long, but I won't dock any points for that, even though it was in 100+ degree weather; waiting is all part of the experience.
4	The wait can be a bit extreme at time but if you bring a friend to talk to it helps the time pass.  However, I wouldn't recommend waiting out there in the heat if it's 100+ outside that's for sure.  As for the food, the pesto pork chops and rosemary potatoes will satisfy any man's appetite.  In general, the handful of times I have been there never disappointing but I also have never been blown out of the water either.  I will still keep going back though.
3	For so long I have been encouraged to explore the breakfast happenings at this local spot in Phoenix.  I believe I am going to be one of the few who was not wowed by what Matt had to offer.Matt's gets a big gold star for its earth friendly and locavore kitchen.  The menu features "cage free eggs from humanely raised chickens", grain fed pork and natural beef, as well as local organic produce.You will only find a breakfast and lunch menu here, and the items are unpretentious and down-home - virtually anything I could easily whip up in my own kitchen such as BLT's, tuna salad sandwhich, tossed cobb, and burgers.As the name infers, breakfast is big here.  And greasy and indulgent.  The "five spot" breakfast sandwhich appears to be the most popular item here and comes on a roll with two eggs, two slices of bacon, American cheese, and grilled onions.  (Personally, I feel American is the worst cheese in America, and I wish that government regulators would ban it from kitchen tables.) And when you add greasy grilled onions to an already greasy sandwhich with very un-American cheese, you get some bad bed-fellows.  So, unfortuantely, this breakfast for me was under-appreciated and finished by my breakfast date who had the same thing.Other breakfast items included omelets, salami scrambles, griddlecakes, and waffles.  Notable drink items were fresh squeezed orange juice, honey lemonade, or organic chocolate milk.Vene Vidi Vici.  But I likely won't return.
3	We were 50/50 on this one. I hated my meal the salami scrambled, but Christina enjoyed her St Louis special.  If I went back would stick w/ the waffle. Very small place cant say I would wait an hour to eat here.
4	Yes, yes.  This place is awesome.  The other reviewers are right and have covered the details.  In order to not waste your time, I'll keep it short and simple. - Best pancakes I've ever had. - Bacon was quite delicious. - Spectacular, thick cuts of bread for the toast. - Yummy, homemade jam. - Quick and friendly service. - Don't forget to ask for your to-go cup of coffee.I went on a Friday morning, and we only waited 5 minutes for a table of four.  Like "they" say, this place is small so it's going to fill up quick on the weekends.  Not sure about you, but I instantly think, "What can I do to avoid the wait?"Here's my tip . . . find a reason to go out to breakfast on a weekday.  Plan a "business breakfast" with some co-workers (we do "business lunch" all the time . . . why not breakfast?).  Or pick a day when you can go in an hour or two late and have a friend meet you.  Make it a birthday breakfast for your signification other, parent, or sibling.  Whatever the reason . . . just find one!  It's a nice way to mix up the regular weekly routine with something fun and treat yourself at the same time.  And trust me, Matt's is worth it!
5	The Chop and the Chick..............oh my pesto encrusted pork chop will I ever get to have you again? It was over 100 degrees, it was over an hour wait, but they keep ice water outside so you don't die, and, in my opinion, its worth the wait to experience dining inside- at least once. After that if you wanna come back, just order your goods to go. But back to the pork chop.......it was incredible. It was perfectly cooked, and sometimes Porkchops are hit or miss when it comes to moist and dry. But this chop was plump and moist and pesto-y and out of this world. The ambiance and decor of this place was retro-vintage-mod, mostly white w/little but unique decor.  I loved my dining experience there, from the service to the food.  I'd definitely come back!!
4	Very good, if you're looking for fancy decor you won't find it here.  If you are looking for a delicious well cooked breakfast, this has to be one of the best places in Phoenix.  I had the Hog and Chick very fulfilling meal.  Only thing I didn't like was the parking situation, not good.  Parking meters in front bring change.
5	Loved everything about this place, decor, service, food, all get 5 stars. Simple, high quality ingredients cooked perfectly always make for a great experience in my book. Had the Nieman ranch beef burger and it was out of control. Gotta go back to try the namesake Breakfast!
4	This place under-promised and over-delivered. It was a definite whole in the wall feeling, and I'm assuming you should be prepared to wait should you go at peak hours. We went on a Friday morning and had around a 20 minute wait. The food was so fresh and the pancakes were absolutely delicious. They really up the ante on diner fare and go fresh and local. The difference is in the taste. Even the sourdough toast was homemade. Well done...and at a great price.
4	Oh, this place was worth the wait. My friends and I got there at 10:30AM and the wait was about 45min. Thankfully there was a farmers market across the street to keep me busy. Matt's was very small and there were no bathrooms inside of building. Strange floor plan. I ordered a Cheese Omelet with peppers and ham, coffee, and OJ. The coffee was heavenly...it was what I've been looking for all morning. The OJ was surprisingly tiny...the glass was as tall my fingers, but it was very fresh. The omelet came with a side of home fries or hash browns and bread. I HIGHLY recommend the home fries, which is chopped potatoes cooked with onions and rosemary. I got the wheat bread which was delicious. This is not your typical plain/thin wheat toast!  The omelet was huge and so were the ingredients. The peppers which I thought was be sprinkled in like most places was actually a whole sauteed pepper. The ham was smokey and thick. The serving was pretty good for a $10 breakfast. Overall, I think Matt's is superior to other popular breakfast joint such as the Breakfast Club or Orange Table. It was worth the wait, but I'll definitely be more strategic regarding the timing the next time around.
3	I journeyed off after on my quest to find a good breakfast spot. Decided to drive to Phx and give Matt's a try. Parking isn't easy. My super hero foresight made me move my car just in the nick of time! Sorry for the truck that got the ticket..Anyhow not a big selection to choose from. I decided to have two eggs over easy, off the bone ham(extra$), hash browns, wheat bread, and aCoffee..coffee was okay just coffee...not that I was expecting more..plate came up right away. Looked good. Ham was great! Would make a great sandwich with cheese. Eggs were eggs..Hash browns were good but I have a better idea...they were crunchy on outside and oily in the middle, it's bot bad just missing something...I would NOT stand in a ridiculous line for this place....
2	i have tried three times on weekends to get in here, usually not in top form, i may have thrown up the parking lot once...sorry.but on a sunny thursday morning i manged to get in without much fuss.usually the fussiness is outside, oh! there is shade now jane l. this makes sense because summer is ovah...duh. so anywho...screaming tots a go go. this is a tiny place...why would you bring your spawn here? i hear tell ihop has balloon animals? maybe you could have them fashion  an anchor shaped balloon creation to match your tattoo flash inspired t-shirt? the choices here are slim but the portions are large as well as the amount of grease. hey i like grease...but like red grease dripping out of the back end of my burrito at 4 a.m. because in the gleaming light of the morning it makes me feel so dirty. i had the oats, surprisingly grease free and my partner in breakfast crime had the cheese omelette. i also ordered home fries on the side, some have complained about the rosemary...mine had rosemary, but it looked like it was accidental. pretty bland and boring. the entire experience was pretty bland and boring. i don't see what all of the fuss is about, sure it's good, but it's also breakfast...how hard can it be?
1	After all the hype this was an overpriced disappointment. I orderd the griddlecakes with milk and coffee to drink. I also ordered a side of bacon as several reviewers recommended it. Including tax but not tip my total for breakfast was $16.01.  The pancakes tasted like Bisquik and the bacon was crispy black and looked and tasted like the cheap grocery store bacon you buy in the shrink-wrap packages. Even funnier the "three pieces" were actuallly only 1/2 pieces of bacon at around 4" long. Overall I've had much better breakfasts at The Good Egg and First Watch at a lower price. Another disappointment was waiting for me in the parking lot. An employee had parked her white Volvo behind my car and blocked me in. I first waited for her to finish unloading the car, assuming she would move the car after she was done. Instead she came out once more, closed the the trunk and went back inside. I had to go back inside and ask her to move.  The employee did finally move her car but she didn't bother to apologize.
5	Breakfast math.  quality real ingredients + cooked  well = Great foodMy wife and I stopped by to find that we were too late, the place closed 20 mins earlier.  Nuts!  As we were walking away discussing how we were going to come back another day, the door behind us opened and we were invited in!!! yahoo!!! What a treat.  That never happens!!!  Thanks Matt's you rock!
5	Love, love, love this place.Got there at 7:15 on a Sunday, waited only five minutes and got right in. Today they had a great steak & eggs special, it was out of this world. I brought a friend who had never been there, and she loved her food as well. One thing I recommend is to order a pancake on the side (in case no one in your party orders a full order). The pancakes are unreal, they are SO good, and if you've never tried them, do yourselves a favor, and try them.As usual, service was on point, and even though the place is packed and super busy, everything was taken care of. When I read negative reviews of the place, all I ever see is complaints because there is a wait, etc.It is important to note, this is NOT an IHOP, or Goodegg. You WILL wait to get in, and it is worth every minute of the wait. If you're not able to do that, then perhaps you should go elsewhere. Also, if you have more than a party of four, please consider either breaking into smaller groups, or go somewhere else. The food at Matt's Big Breakfast is thoughtfully planned, prepared, and executed. If you haven't been yet, enjoy it!
4	I have found that during the summer on a Sunday morning before 930 is the best time to go to Matt's....at least that is my favorite time.   Why you may ask? No wait!  I have yet to wait in line at all when I go that early.  But mostly I have been by myself and I find a seat at the counter.  While I scan through the specials, I find myself more often than not, getting the Hog and Chick with Bacon and Hashbrowns.  I have tried the sausage patties and the ham.  I was not impressed by the saugage and while the ham is VERY good, the bacon still wins out.  The hashbrowns alone keep coming back for more and I am not a big potatoe fan.But I admit I am spoiled living just a few blocks away....
5	I LOVE this place and if I lived closer I would come here every day. I've had breakfast twice here with my boyfriend. I so want to branch out my order but both times I ordered the Hog and Chick with bacon and hashbrowns. Thick-cut, delicious peppered bacon and crispy on top, soft in the middle hashbrowns, what more could you want? The thick slices of toast with jam are a really nice touch and the honey lemonade is to die for. My boyfriend always gets the Five Spot breakfast sandwich that has eggs, bacon, onions and cheese on a fresh roll. De-lish! Next time we go I plan on trying the pancakes, I always eye them enviously when I'm there.When you get there, simply put your name on the list and the number in your party. The pad is usually on top of the water cooler by the door. Then grab a seat in the shade if you can find one and wait anxiously for your name to be called. Don't let the wait detour you, it's completely worth it. Now that it's cooling down the wait won't be so unbearable, especially if you're like me and want your weekend brunch around 1. (I've waited about 30 mins on average)The restaurant is small and there are only a few tables but it doesn't feel crowded. The staff is super friendly and quick with your orders. You can usually hear some good tunes coming out of the kitchen. The prices are beyond reasonable for the quality of food that you get.You will leave full, happy and extremely satisfied.
4	Pros:- Bacon - taste beautiful - potatoes - good- Waffles tasted homemade- Toast - jelly taste homeadeCons- the wait time.- the butter burger could've been better.
5	Matt's was absolutely fantastic. Got there at 2pm on a Sunday, which is apparently the time to do it (half an hour before close), as we walked right in, sat right down, and had food in 5 minutes or less. Brilliant.I had the Five Spot which was simply the best egg sandwich I have ever had. Two eggs, two huge slices of perfectly cooked bacon, american cheese (my favorite with eggs when I'm not going fancy-style, reminds me of when I was a kid), and well grilled onions round it out, served on a fantastic roll. By default, this item doesn't include the normal potatoes and toast, so I had them add homefries--they were magnificent, and entirely unnecessary. A huge portion of them, with a wonderful smattering of rosemary to punch them up, they were delicious, but I couldn't finish them.The girlfriend got a waffle with bacon and it should just be said that restaurants who serve waffles without real maple syrup are simply criminal. Matt's brings the good stuff, and it's MUCH appreciated. Perfect for dipping both waffle and bacon alike. The waffle was fluffy, light, and had that good, homemade flavor.I can't get over how filling and delicious my sandwich was. Service was prompt and friendly, and overall, it was a great experience. Added a glass of OJ and a coffee to my sandwich with added homefries and her bacon and waffles bringing our tab to right about $21. Absolutely worth every penny. Will be coming back. Probably near 2 o'clock again, to avoid the wait!
5	Go to Matt's...wait in line if you have to...fight for parking...just go.  I don't like going too early, as the American fried potatoes haven't had the opportunity to soak in enough rosemary and get that nice crisp crust from the grill yet.Hands down, the best breakfast I've had in the Valley.  Bacon arrives fresh each day...I think everything does.  Coffee is terrific and then there's this woman...(Matt's wife), who just simply lights up the place.  I go to restaurants a lot...more than most...more than I probably should.  I will go once on a recommendation from someone.  I will go back again, if the place measures up.  If I go back more frequently, it's because of the people.  And Matt's is about the people.I've met great people there and although I maybe get there 5-6 times a year, they remember me.  That's cool...and very important.Simply put, I have not found a meal there I haven't liked, but most often, the Special of the Day is just out of the world delicious.  Also, just trust me here...get the American fried potatoes...again...trust me.  Delicious.
4	Good breakfast. Be prepared for a wait list. Also limited parking, so you may need some coin for a parking meter down the street. Very small interior, don't bring a group. Gotta try Matt's Big Breakfast at least once.
5	I never thought I would say this, but I recently had a breakfast better than one consumed at Matt's.  It's best not to go any further.  That being said, whenever I am off on a weekday, the urge to go to Matt's emerges at the crack of dawn and does not subsist until I have either satiated myself with hash browns at their tiny digs or have painfully decided to deny myself the rich excess.The wait is almost always 45 minutes even if you are a party of 1.  Going later helps reduce the wait.  Sometimes.  The wait though only builds the appetite and anticipation.  This is food that deserves such dedication.I almost exclusively get the special.  And they are all special.  However, the most special of all specials was my first and one that I hope will make a comeback soon.  Imagine for yourself: Chicken Artichoke Sausage, Fresh Mozzarella, Organic Spinach (locally grown, mind you), Hash Browns, and Whole Wheat Toast (with some local fruit preserves that they like to give a lot of props to when they deliver it to you).Also, cheers to the wait staff who work frantically in such a small space.  I also appreciate their sort of Mother Hubbard, pseduo-indie, partially jeans and a t-shirt dress code.
4	One of a good reason to not judge first appearance. When my friends took me for brunch to Matt's Big Breakfast, I'm questioning her option, but since we were near this place, I agreed to try this place out. I ordered The Chick and The Chop, they gave option of eggs and I choose my fav scramble eggs. Fries or hashbrown, I choose the fries. And last time to choose my bread. Whole wheat it is! My best option for breakfast drink is always OJ so I ordered one. The OJ came, freshly pure orange juice served in a small cute cup with chicken logos. It was superb! Although the cup is small and I swore I can chug the OJ in 3secs but it still worth it! The porkchop was excellent! My whole wheat bread was thick and tasty! My scrambled eggs and fries were perfect! And last but not least, the additional bacon that I ordered was great! The only complaint that I have for this place is just the service. My waitress was too busy talking with 2 college guys customer that over-flirt her so she forgot we already gave her our card and wait for almost 45 minutes just to finish the payment. Overall, I will definitely be back for my superb breakfast but hopefully I will get a fast service next time ;))
5	My wife and I were in the neighborhood as we had taken our daughter to check out PHX zoo. We heard about this place from diners, drive in and dives and had to check it out. we were starving and had a wait for a full two hours prior to being seated! :( This place is a hole in the wall!! However, the breakfast was worth the wait! My wife had the bacon and waffle and enjoyed it so much that she ordered another order of the waffle. I had the special which was to die for, scrambled eggs with turkey sausage, peppers and cheese. will definitely come back if we are nearby!!
5	The good thing about going here alone ...its practically no wait. I came in got a seat right at the bar. Yay for me.  I order a coffee omg it was delicious home grown natural. I ordered the special three egg scramble with sundried tomato chicken sausage, button mushrooms and local baby organic spinach and fontina serve with potatoes and toast.  I also order a side of Bacon because I had to try it. THIS PLACE FOOD was so good and filling.. I will definently come back here when I come back to Phoenix.. It was very much worth the drive.
4	Went here for the first time last month. I had read a lot of reviews and was expecting a wait. It was about 15-20 minutes so it was not too bad, and definitely worth it. The place is just so cute inside. The bread was amazing and the preserves were awesome. I love that they only cook with real butter and olive oil. The husband loves green Tabasco on his eggs (any pretty much everything else) and they didn't have any so that was a bummer but the food was very fresh. A very unique place, I would definitely recommend it!
4	I'd been waiting for the perfect time to experience Matt's.  This Wednesday morning I felt like that time had come.  I figured Wednesday at 11am shouldn't have much of a wait.  It didn't, and we were seated within 10-15 minutes.  The place is cute and the service is really great once you get seated (until then everyone looks kinda rushed and annoyed by you).  Our experience had it's high points:*Our extremely sweet server (love those glasses)*The ridiculously good coffee*and the novelty of eating in a shoe box.I got the Hog and Chick with Bacon.  It was yummy, but...gasp....nothing to wait an hour and a half for like most people do on the weekends.  Yes the bacon was thick cut, and the preserves for the toast were lovely, but still, I actually had a hard time picking something off of the menu because nothing seemed to jump out at me as unique or unmissable.  One thing's for sure though, they do the classics well.For me, the above high points are enough to bring me back again, and hopefully next time the special will rock my socks off.  Matt and Ernie have a great group of concepts, thanks for bringing downtown up a notch.
5	Well this was a pleasant surprise.  This place is small, a little cramped, but the food definitely makes up for it.  When seated, the waitress was very attentive and coffee was served almost immediately. The menu is small, but full of all the basics, along with the special of the day. My fiance ordered the special, while I ordered the salami scramble. They are served with toast (white, wheat, sourdough, or cinnamon raisin) and potatoes (hash browns or country fried potatoes). We ordered the wheat, which was served with a chunk of butter melting between the slices and a small cup of jelly. The toast was served almost immediately after taking our order and it was full of nom noms. The service is fast and you never have to wait for a waitress to come by. There is always someone nearby to help. The prices were very good as well. The average cost of entrees is between $4-8 dollars and the coffee has free refills. The amount of food served is just enough to fill you up with out making you feel like a glutton.They don't take reservations and the place is very small with limited seating so either arrive early in the morning or expect to wait a while.
4	There are times when Phoenix tries my patience, event though I am here only a year.  Why, as someone else more accurately put it, are there only  two decent breakfast places?  Please, if someone knows of another, I'll be grateful for the kind referral!The pluses:  the best home fries, real sour dough toast, very excellent marmaladeThe average: decent, above average omelets and waffles, fresh butterThe minuses: the usual 30-45min wait, cramped, stuffy setting, waitresses are so busy, they bring the check right after the meal, no bathroomAll I can say is I miss real, well done home fries and crepes!  Where are you Chez Vachon?
3	Really, Guy?  So I guess if it's featured by Fieri you have to go, and you have to love it, right?  This is coming from the guy who plans cross-country road trips to get my lips on some of the food I see Triple-D.  Sorry Matt's, you kind of fell short on this one.  The wait was way too long for breakfast, although I guess the place is famous now so it's to be expected.  Inside, there were definitely more staff than diners, yet we seemed to be invisible.  We waited forever to get menus, drink and food orders, etc.  The staff were friendly enough and apologized once realizing how long we waited, but come on - it's breakfast, and there are all of what, 5 tables in the whole place?The food was fantastic, no way to argue that.  Just a little over-priced for the experience that we didn't end up getting.  Would I go back again?  Yeah, if someone came cross-country on a Fieri food frenzy and demanded it.  Otherwise, I would stick to a little more down-to-earth kind of place, which I bet this once was.
2	it was good but not for the price and the pain of the long line
4	Eh?  How have I not written a review for Matt's?  I went there a while back, but thankfully it won't be hard for me to recall the experience!Place - Small.Food - Fantastic.Wait - Usually.Bathroom - An adventure.We didn't have too long of a wait when we went, but that was entirely luck. I've seen crazy waits here, which is just par for the course when the food is good. Most of it is local and very, very good. Service was fast, and spot on.The bathrooms are next door in an old motel. Apparently a separate room set aside just for Matt's. Just one more stand out feature for a very stand-out sort of place!
5	Excellent food and service. I loved that they use all natural fresh ingredients from local farms. The place is small so get there early on the weekend if you want to avoid the wait and I don't think they have a bathroom so get that sorted before going. I was very happy with the overall experience and  I would  highly recommend a visit.
5	I had high expectations after seeing them on Diner's Drive Ins and Drives, and they were exceeded!  We went at around 10:30am on a Wednesday and there was about a 30 minute wait.It was myself, my wife, and our two kids (3 and 5).  We had a waffle, griddle cakes, and the 'Hog and Chick'.The waffle was amazing, it went quick between the kids and my wife.  The griddle cakes were good as well, and didn't last much longer.I had the Hog and Chick with sausage patties, hash browns and wheat toast.  The sausage was great, most likely from the Pork Shop (as well as the bacon), the eggs were pefect, and the hash browns were very good as well.  Even the toast was excellent and came with local strawberry preserves.I can't wait to go back.  Once we got inside, the service was very good and quick.  We were in and out in just about an hour total, half of which was waiting outside.
4	The pancakes were very delicious. They are cream based and remained moist throughout the day as I was unable to eat them all in 1 setting and munched on them later in the evening. I'd advise you however to order take-out because the space is small, cramped & busy. Otherwise this is an outstanding breakfast joint!!!!
5	Holy pancake orgasm, Batman!  The richest. smoothest. buttery-est, fullest, fluffiest, tastiest cooked-to-perfection pancakes you'll ever eat. Those of us who haven't had the pleasure of dining at Matt's thought we knew a good pancake... WRONG!  Matt's is where it's at, 1/2 hr-1 hr wait and all (We were seated in 1/2hr Tuesday @ 10am).  The restaurant is very busy, so one cannot expect the servers to build rapport with the customer.  Rather it's more important they keep my coffee and OJ full with a smile, which they did well.I had the ribeye, eggs and home fries, which was one of the specials of the day.  While my steak was cooked medium when I requested medium-rare, it was delicious, well cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Eggs over easy done text-book as well, fresh, hot and you can't get any better.The portions on most of the orders seemed small, so we had to order some sides which drove up the bill total.  The menu can be inexpensive if you just order one thing, but there are so many great things to try!.. like the fresh strawberry preserves!Hands down this is best breakfast gem in Arizona and I can't wait until we can go back!
3	I think this is a classic case of place becoming more of a cultural icon than a culinary delight.  I've eaten here a number of times now and it's solid, but it's nothing great.  It's definitely a dive.  The waiting outside on a list made with a magic marker is pretty goofy.  It's got its own weird appeal on the inside.  It's not rustic, it's not hip, it just kind of is.  The place is cramped and rushed.  The servers are throwing things around including your food.  Going to the restroom is something you'd do once and only once.  It's a place you go to say you've been, not to enjoy your time in my opinion.  The food has a lot of highs.  It's not an outstanding display of expertise, but it's solid food made from solid ingredients.  It's about like eating at your grandmas.  Everything is good, pancakes are great.  They decide to skim on some things are just weird to me, like the meat and the drinks.  It's things that could be the stars of the show and justify the expense and they're good, but they're just so small.  It's like going to see a strong man competition and a midget shows up. It's still cool, it's just not exactly what you were expecting to pay for.  So, if you're in town or you have an overwhelming need to appear hip and trendy I'd recommend stopping by.  If you're just looking for a good place to eat and enjoy the morning, I wouldn't come here.
4	I really don't understand what people are ordering that they say that the serving sizes here are small. My meal came with a pork chop, 2 eggs, and hash browns, which I could barely keep all on my plate (it was so much food) and a side of thick sourdough toast (2 slices). Mike ordered the fives pot which was just a sandwich. Considering we had waited almost an hour for breakfast we also ordered a side of bacon (so yummy!) and one pancake so we could try a few other things. The people sitting next to me at the counter ordered the special omelet which also took up the whole plate. This place is so tiny. There were three tables in the main eating area (which could seat 2-3 each), 6 seats at the counter, 3 more seats in the side room at a counter and two spaces where they could seat parties of about 4-5. Although it took quite some time just to get in (and you have to wait outside to be called, keep this in mind if  you are there on a cold day) it doesn't take very long to get your food. It took 10-15 minutes to get our food. By the time we finished they had already turned over all of the tables. The staff was very friendly and the food was good. My pork chop was juicy and I loved the hash browns and bacon. Mike's five spot wasn't as tasty. The eggs were overcooked and a bit dry. He wished he would have had the pancakes instead. They have some good eats.
4	Because of all of the other yelpers describing the long waits, my partner and I decided to try Matt's on a Wednesday, mid morning.  We waited about 10 minutes before being seated.  I enjoyed the unpretentious atmosphere of Matt's Big Breakfast.  The service was excellent.  When I say excellent, I mean our waitress took our drink orders immediately, answered our questions expertly, and brought our meals exactly as ordered (which is impressive because I can be a tad high maintenance).  Our food was pipping hot and very tasty.  I had the cheddar omelette and added mushrooms and onions. I ordered home fries (roasted potatoes with rosemary and onions) and fresh squeezed orange juice.  The orange juice was just the right size, and not too sweet.  The omelette was chock full of mushrooms, onions and cheddar.  The potatoes were golden brown and delicious with a little extra salt.  My partner ordered the griddle cakes which she said were soft, buttery and with the real maple syrup, yummy.  While Matt's is pretty small, I think there's plenty of room to enjoy a great meal!
4	I'm  going to stop being such a taker, and give for once! I use Yelp along with other reputable websites to help make my dining, travel and shopping decisions and I never take the time to give back!! I know, I know....awful. I'm turning over a new leaf! Here is my first Yelp. Please don't judge. It's my first time.... Okay, here goes. So, I went to Matt's for the first time a few days ago....Food- Amazing.  Best pancakes ever! I'm not sure what the secret ingredient is but they are beyond good! Fluffy little cakes of love. I also tasted the butter burger. Very, very, yummy. If you decide to dine here make sure you try the bacon. I don't think I've ever tasted anything like it. Sweet, savory and cooked just right.The building is very small, the wait is extra long and make sure you don't overindulge on the free refills of ice tea because there is NO BATHROOM!! The seating is cramped and the service is rushed, but the food is worth dealing with Matt's shortcomings.
5	My favorite breakfast place.  Love the food, love the prices, love the decor.  But...HATE THE WAIT.They know me.  My wife and I bring our two small kids here every week or two.  But our AVERAGE wait time, sitting in front on nice modernist benches, is about 25 minutes.  It sucks.  I wish they would get rid of two rows of parking, put up an overhead tent with heaters/misters.But I think the fact that people have to wait actually increases the love of the place?  Strange, huh.Food is delicious.  I love the aged cheese omelet.  Go for the home fries, which are delicious and dusted with fresh rosemary, over the overly buttery hash browns.  Almost everything on the menu is perfect.  My kids do a single pancake, perfectly cooked, with great syrup.  Their bread may be the best part.  Fresh, thick cut bread with butter and fresh jam/jelly.Look, it's a slightly upscale "diner food" that is well worth every $ you spend and every calorie you consume.  I hate to give a good review... what if even MORE people come and my wait is even LONGER... :(
5	Its been a while since the hubs and I had been to Matt's. We woke up on New Years Eve and I knew Matt's had to be our last breakfast of the year. We got there at about 930 and were 5th in line! Wooooot! The hubs and I grabbed a spot on one of the benches and had fun watching all the newbs come up. They always walk right past all the people standing outside waiting, past the sign in page and march inside like they own the place. soooo funny. The food and service is still as great as its ever been! The waffle was sent from heaven and so was the bacon! Even though our visits have become few and far between due to moving further away, Ernie still knows who we are and keeps teasing us and asking when we are going to have kids, she is like a distant aunt! Love her! Keep it up Matts!
5	Seriously, Matt's cooks up some of the best breakfast food I have ever had. I've been going here for three years or so, and I have never been disappointed. I've never waited much more than 30 minutes, but that's probably because I never go on weekends after 8:30 AM and never at lunch time on weekdays. Their eggs benedict is hands down the best I have ever had. It's a special, so you have to be lucky to get it. Before I ever had their eggs benedict (the first was actually a sausage benedict with their AMAZING sausage), i had never really been a fan. But their benedict sparked such a deep love that whenever I've been in a restaurant that serves benedict, I always get it, but it never measures up. Their fresh hollandaise, perfectly poached egg, delicious ham and wonderful english muffin... just cannot be beat. And then you have their oh-so-buttery hash browns that I crave on a regular basis. I used to have a problem deciding between their also awesome homefries roasted perfectly with rosemary, but now I can't resist the hash browns. Also, their bacon is absolutely heavenly, and I'm not really a huge fan of bacon, so I always end up ordering a side of it. The omelets and pancakes are also always perfectly fluffy and delicious, and I've never found their portions to be remotely small. I always leave completely fat and happy. My only complaint that I can think of is that their delicious orange juice comes in an insanely small portion, but their delicious honey lemonade makes up for it.This is always on my list of restaurants I absolutely have to go to when I'm home from college.
4	So we waited for a table for an hour. in the winter. and it was windy. my hair was flying, my fingers were freezing and I was getting increasingly annoyed. why cant they expand their space just a little bit? The waitress kept running outside to check people off their list, and started handing out menus so that we could order. It took the joy of of looking at the menu and deciding what to eat. I was looking forward to a nice leisurely brunch after which we planned to go to the museum.  We would have left, except that this was downtown Phoenix and dint want to lose our parking spot. Finally, after a little more than an hour, we were seated. the place is TINY. Tables are close together and just as luck would have it, we got a table right next to the door, where every time she opened it, i was greeted with nice gush of COLD air. And people waiting outside could see us sit in the warmth and eat.That being said, the food was excellent. I can't seem to remember names of our dishes, but the eggs were very good, with potatoes, toasted sourdough bread, orange juice and coffee.But was the wait really worth it? I don't know! I don't think I'd want to wait for so long for a table. I'd recommend this place to friends for sure though. I think I just contradicted myself! don't get me wrong - excellent food. just that the waiting pissed me off. a lot.
4	I rarely agree with the culinary opinions of Guy Fieri, Human Cheese Fry, but I guess even a stopped clock is right twice a day.  For about a year, I was at Matt's once a week when work would take me from North Phoenix to Tempe.  Service was nice, food was good, prices were silly, chairs were cramped, pretty much what you'd expect.  But after a while, I realized I was paying around $8 for eggs, bacon, toast and hash browns.  Sure, it was good, but it was a little much.Still, I stop by Matt's every once in a while to enjoy the food and atmosphere.  It's a great place to take your vacationing relatives, foodie friends, or other people who you wouldn't mind being crammed into a small space with.HOWEVER: If you stop by after around 7 AM on most weekdays, or at all on a weekend, be prepared to wait.  The weekend lines are ridiculous; you can hear people proudly proclaim how they woke up at 2:00 AM to drive down from Flagstaff to get the food.  Plan accordingly.
4	Let me start by saying I hate waiting in line.  If I could, I would get an intern just to wait in line for me.  Having said that, I have waiting in line more than once for breakfast here.  The food is delicious.  I'm not sure if its the copious amounts of butter in the food but I swear it is the best toast and breakfast potatoes in town.  Oh and the main dishes are great too.  The place is tiny, and they really didn't spend much money on decor.  But really, who cares when breakfast is this delicious?!
4	Food is delicious! I have been several times and you should expect a wait. They have several 2 person tables so if you have 4 or more people that wait just got worse. There food is natural and its so good...Its not too expensive either. The place is very small and parking is a problem.
4	DO NOT MISS Matt's Big Breakfast in Phoenix. Here's the deal, saddle up to the breakfast bar & get set for a terrific breakfast, served by FUN, attractive servers. Matt only seats about 35 customers, so be patient, you'll be rewarded. If you have some flexibility, stop in around 9:15 AM Monday thru Thursday, often times you can get seated with no waiting. A local favorite & well known throughout Phoenix...FUN !!
5	I grew up in AZ and did not know about this place until just recently from a friend's recommendation. This is the greatest hole in the wall breakfast I have ever had! Be prepared to wait or make sure to go grab a coffee so you are ready for the 45 minutes you have ahead of you. Also, you write your name on the list yourself outside (we were newbe's and a few skipped in front of us on the list because we were too timid to write ourselves at first until we knew it was the norm). Got the special scramble and the waffle and would recommend both again. Above all though, make sure you try the honey lemonade! It is made with local honey and has the pulp from the lemon in there to show you how real it is. Will be back soon, the service was great as well :)
5	I have been here probably five times, but not for awhile.  The only reason for that is that, by the time I'm ready to get breakfast, I'm pretty hungry and can't stand waiting 30 minutes to an hour to get in.  Last Sunday, I actually packed a snack and sat on the curb to face 45 long, hard minutes of being tantalized by delicious smelling food.I had forgotten just how great this place is.  The service is super friendly and very efficient.  Once you get in, you get served very quickly.  I could swear that they laid down our enormous spread of food within 5 minutes of us ordering, and it's not old, sitting-around-under-a-heat-lamp stuff, it's hot and fresh.  I got some eggs (fresh and cooked to perfection), and wheat toast which was thick cut and had some delicious local strawberry preserves with it, but the standout is always the hashbrowns.  They are the stuff of dreams: a giant, salty, crisp on the outside/soft on the inside, just greasy enough slab of heaven.  Sweet Pea got his usual Hog n Chick that comes with the thickest, most peppery bacon I've ever seen.  And THEN we split a waffle, also delicious (not as outstanding as the rest, but I'm not usually a waffle person.)If you want the real deal, a straight-up BREAKFAST - no frills and newfangled foods, but just really quality delicious stuff, then pack a snack and get to Matt's. Nobody does it better.
5	Obviously I've been here for breakfast.  I got the steak and eggs and I was amazed.  This amazement isn't from the steak or the eggs, even though they were both delicious, but it was with the toast.  I have never had such great toast before, and the jam was so fresh....The wait was long, and we were there in July.  Limited shade outside, but at least they had a water jug for the people waiting.  I recommend preparing for the heat if you decide to go during the summer.
4	Got 3 dishes because me and the boyfriend are greedy like that.  Eggs with salami was truly outstanding. Creative and delicious. Eggs and pork chop were ok. Chop flavor was good but a bit over cooked. Waffle was good, nothing special. Hash browns and home fries both pretty good, not great. Good coffee.
3	Food was good.  Greasy but good.The price of the small glass of fresh sqeezed orange juice was silly expensive but it was tasty.I had an omelet with sauteed mushrooms and onions and cheddar cheese with wheat toast and preserves as well as home fries.I would eat here again if there was no wait and I was in the area.
5	I love Matt's. I hate the wait. But if you have the patience, it's worth it. Really yummy hash browns, waffles, and I am never disappointed with their specials. Irenia is super nice and remembers her regulars which makes it feel less like a conveyer belt of customers.
4	The name makes my mouth water.  Matts Big Breakfast.  Quality food, this location will make you proud of what downtown phoenix has to offer and what is to Come.  From the vegetables to the meat selection hand picked food creates quality dishes.    This location serves a  big breakfast in a small place. I look forward to seeing this place grow, do i hear patio?
4	mmmmmm I just went here this morning for breakfast and it was pretty yummy. I used to come here about 5 years ago before I left phoenix, and it is still as good as I remember it. The place is super small so getting there early is important if you don't want to wait. So we got there at around 7:15 and didn't have to wait, but we did have to sit at the back counter, not a table. That was alright, although weird people waiting kept staring at us like we couldn't see them through the window.... anyway, I got the griddle cakes. These are so good. I don't know what they put in them, but they are better than most any other pancakes. They taste like pancakes made by your grandma if your grandma was an awesome cook. I also got coffee and oj. The oj is delicious, small, but so good. Now here is why I took off a star. The coffee. The coffee is not good. Despite this, when I use to come here years ago they gave you real cream to put in the coffee. That improved the coffee dramatically. When I came today they gave milk... not even half and half. When the coffee is not good, I need something a little more potent than milk... plus I was looking forward to that cream. Oh well. The bf got a waffle that looked pretty good and came with really peppery bacon. All in all, it was a good trip but if the Matt's people are reading this.... Bring back the cream!!! Kthanksbye.
5	I love this place. We've been going every Saturday for the past few months, and although there is always at least an hour wait on Saturdays the awesome food and cute cozy atmosphere has been worth it. This is definitely a gem in the heart of downtown Phoenix, I personally love the Hog and Chick which is two eggs cooked to order, three big strips of peppered bacon, your choice of hash browns or home fries and your choice of fresh baked toasted bread on the side served up with preserves from a local source. Their honey lemonade is inspired and their iced coffee is pretty good too. They are right across the street from the Phoenix Public Market and if you want to go walk around and see the shops instead of waiting outside (for an hour) you can write 'market' by your name and you will be seated next up if you get back after you've been called. My daughter always orders the waffles and devours them and her dad keeps 'waffling' between the pancakes and the waffles but always cleans his plate (and usually some of mine as well!) the hostess is very cheery and efficient, she calls us 'Team Justin' and she always checks in with us at least once or twice during our meal.I'd definitely check this place out if you've never been, they used to be closed on Monday's but very recently that's changed and I've been told that if you want to get in WITHOUT the wait, Monday is the time to go! Happy Eating from Team Justin!
5	Awesome American breakfast joint, the portions are big and the ingredients fresh. This place is small so you may need to wait but going on a weekday morning before work is not to bad  of a wait. This place is a great breakfast place but please no parties of six because you screw the rest of us who want to eat too :)
5	Love this spot - it's pretty close to the convention center so Natalie and I went here to check it out. The bacon is awesome here!Their philosophy is great too - local, organic, etc. etc.  The place is tiny and quaint too and as always it's great to support a local independent business.  Best breakfast in Phoenix that i've had and definitely one of my fave spots - went there the next day too - got the special and it was delish - check my photos to see what we got!
3	After hearing all of the hype on diners, drive in and dives and reading the yelp ratings, we decided to try it.  We waited over 30 minutes  for a table.  The place is small and outside of a dungy motel.  The service was extremely fast once you got in the door and the waitstaff are very friendly.  I had a waffle and it was good but nothing memorable.  My partner had an omelette with portguese sausage that he loved.  The hash browns were so buttery and they were good.  I wouldn't make a special trip back.
2	I don't get the rave reviews or how anybody can claim that this is the "be all, end all" for breakfast.  Pros-A friendly serverDecent bacon, though heavy on the pepperCons-Overpriced for what you get-$7.50 for pancakes a la carte and my personal favorite $1.25 extra charge for more syrup!  With a side of bacon and a coffee that meal alone was $12 before tax & gratuity.1 slice of toast with a 2 egg breakfast...who does that?6oz Orange Juice....$2.50!Three in your party, oh I'm sorry you will have to squeeze into the corner with an extra chair because we won't seat you at a table for four is how the visit started!I understand why everyone claims that it is always so busy, there might be 20 seats in the entire place!  Not going to be back any time soon with all of the other options downtown for breakfast these days.
5	Local owned, Local Grown this place is all the hype and more.  We ride our cruisers here for breakfast and even before we get in for work.  Why? This place has a warm feel to it and the food is AWESOME!  They have daily egg specials that are remarkable.  The Honey Lemonade is fresh and like no other in town.  It gets busy so get in early and put your name in the notepad at the door.  I would not recommend for large parties, because they are very small. Steak and Eggs every Sunday.
5	The Hash browns are an amazing butter-delivery system. The bacon was thick and wonderful, and everything was spot-on delicious. It was worth the 40 minute wait, but I wish they would have more outdoor seating for when you're waiting.
3	We heard about this from a friend and when I did a google search to find it I came across a video clip from "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives" on Youtube. They made it look yummy so I took my hubby there one weekday morning last week. The parking lot was full and there were about 6 people waiting outside. Take a timetravel trip back to the 40's or 50's...there is an old motel and attached to it is this little, TINY diner. You walk up to the door and add your own name and # in party to the paper on the cart by the front door. Find a seat on a bench, if you can. Oh, if you have to park on the street because the lot is full bring some quarters because the spaces are metered.We waited about 15-20 minutes. When you go in there is a counter and tables for two around the outside wall. There is at least 1 table for 4 in the back.I wanted to go here because they claim that they use all fresh ingredients "No freezer or microwave" and they use organic when possible. I saw the eggs being delivered and they were regular, not organic. When we were seated the waitress was right there to take our order. Since it was the first time we had been there we were a little slow, felt pressured because they want to turn the tables in this 7 top restaurant.My hubby and I both ordered the "local, organic apple cider" at $3.95 per glass. It was an 8 oz glass so I felt that was steep! He ordered the bacon, eggs, hash browns and toast. The eggs were perfect, the bacon was limp- he asked for extra crisp, but it tasted good. The hash browns were a very large serving and crisp on the outside but very creamy, mushy on the inside, tasted good. The bread was homemade, 2 thick slices of cranberry walnut and he enjoyed it.  I ordered the waffle. It was a waffle, sprinkled with powdered sugar- which I can't stand and served with warm maple syrup. It came with 2 large slices of pepper bacon. It was all good, but with all the hype I was expecting more. I saw a woman at the counter eating what I thought was eggs benedict so I asked the waitress. She said it was but that they had just run out! Boo hoo! I would have really enjoyed that! She said it is their special every Thursday and to come back. Now, I checked the website before we went and did not see this special or any others. If it is a weekly special I don't understand why it isn't on the website so people know. I had to visit the ladies room. Now I have been to some out of the way places but this was really odd! You have to go out of the restaurant, into the hotel next door, wander down the hall...you can hear a tv, there is a no vacancy sign. There is a small sign for "Matt's customers", turn right (into a room) the restroom is a unisex bathroom in a hotel room. There is no waste basket for ladies and the hand towel is a real towel on the bar. It was vintage and clean but using the same towel as everyone else is NOT sanitary.I would go again if I happened to be in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
5	Worth the wait! The food is big and yummy in this tiny little restaurant! The owner was there and was very nice!! The waffle was great and the bacon was awesome!! I will come back the next time I'm in phoenix!
5	I wouldn't wait an hour in the heat, but the food is amazing, the pancakes and bacon especially, and who can fault hand-squeezed orange juice?  Come early, or in the middle of the week to avoid the crowd.
3	This is another place I've seen on Triple D on FoodTV.  The breakfast definitely lives up to it's name - Big Breakfast.  The portions are pretty hearty.  The only downside to this place is it's really, really small and the wait can be very, very long.
5	As soon as we got word that class was canceled for the day we hit road with one destination in mind: Matt's Big Breakfast. This was my first experience with Matt's; my classmate is a little more cultured that I am, so he knew the ropes from previous experiences. There really isn't a lot that the general public can use for parking near the restaurant, but I used my university parking pass to park in the ASU lot right across the street. Even though we went on a Tuesday morning the place was still packed. But the 20 minute wait wasn't bad because the weather was as nice as the outdoors waiting area. Once we were seated (in pretty close quarters I might add) our waitress took our drink orders almost immediately. I got the honey lemonade which was such a great (and different) combination. My classmate and I ordered the same breakfast entree: the five spot sandwich with a side of homestyle potatoes. Sweet Mary, the bacon on the sandwich was literally perfect. Everything tasted fantastic and complimented each other so well. I will eat here again whether or not my class has been canceled!
5	I CANNOT believe that I have not rated this place yet... what the?!?!? I LOVE it here. Every time I have tried something different and every time I  am glad I did. This place is not only great but everyone is nice.  Ive even waited outside in the summer...that alone should say something!!
5	Amazing. Simply the BEST breakfast place in Phoenix. Always friendly staff, super fast (not the wait to get a table), the highest qualify food. It's refreshing to eat at a restaurant that clearly takes pride in the products they buy, and the flavor of the food they serve.Every item we've tried has been beyond delicious. The only down side is the usual wait to get a table. They do a great job of being on their game, and serving quickly without making you feel like they are rushing you. This is a MUST try for any breakfast lover. Best advice: get there early, and try the griddle cakes!!!
4	It's always a gamble when I stop in at Matt's because the line is unpredictable.  However, the fact that there IS a line should tell you that this place is pretty stellar.  Because I'm a creature of habit, I don't normally order anything besides the special or the hog and chick.  You really can't go wrong with either.  Every dish is made with high quality ingredients.  I always rave to my friends about how the spinach in the special was the most spinachy spinach I've ever tasted (that's a good thing).  Thick slices of peppery bacon = party in my mouth.  Their caramelized onions tossed with perfectly crispy on the outside but soft on the inside potatoes are also a different yet equally awesome party in my mouth.  What gets me every time is their thick slice of toast and organic preserves.  SO GOOD.  And a coffee mug that's never empty, that's always a plus too.  Matt, I don't know who you are but your breakfasts are delightful.
5	Too much good food
4	Matt's is good and certainly worth doing at least once.  The food is solid to above average even if it is a little pricey for breakfast but not outrageous.  The real draw is the location which is next to the downtown farmers market.  So on Saturday you can hit the market while waiting for your table, buy something to strengthen your locavore cred and then eat at Matt's which is a hip reclaimed location.  Then off to buy some new Steampunk junk..
4	Be prepared for a very very very long wait and don't come hungry. What? Don't come hungry when you're coming out to eat breakfast? Exactly! Wait time may be 2-3 hours so please do yourself a favor and snack or eat light before you come. So what tempted a Tempe girl to come out to Phoenix to eat at Matt's Big Breakfast...Triple D DUH! Haha...Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives with Guy! He's the man! Who doesn't love him? I'm sure many people are stalking his eating stops. So cool, they have his face stenciled on the wall. Okay, so you get here and it's so teeny tiny that there's just a little stool with a waiting list. Write your name down and feel free to take off for a bit. Walk around downtown...bring board games...don't plan on just waiting outside because #1. There may not be anywhere to sit and #2. Your bottom will be very sore from sitting so long. This restaurant is in an old lobby of an old motel. You know, the old motels with the little detached lobby the size of a one car garage. I would not recommend bringing a group here...they will not be able to fit you. If you're not up for the experience but would like to try the food, they do have carry-out as an option and it will probably only take 15 minutes or so. Once you finally get seated you can't help but wonder, how oh how do these people work in this tiny room all day? Man! It is t-i-n-y! Okay, so now that I have stressed how small this place is (tiny) lets move on. :-) I ordered what Guy ordered, The Chop and Chick. A pork chop with eggs. It comes with toast and your choice of hash browns or home fries. The chop was smaller, not life changing, but very tasty...it had great seasoning. Only $8 too. Home fries were a five out of five. Very good! No soda machine here...they sell RC Cola by the can though. $1.25 a can...My Dad had the griddle cakes and he said that they were the best pancakes he's ever had. So funny because we talked to a waitress and she said it's just a regular batter but my dad is a pancake connoisseur and he loved them! Overall, yummy food, great prices but the wait is just way too long to make this a regular spot. I would eat here again but would definitely take it to go...maybe even eat outside where everyone's been waiting for hours.
3	This place has received a lot of hype, so be prepared to wait.and wait.and wait.To make the trip more enjoyable:- don't actually come hungry (or risk passing out in the lot from low-blood sugar)- show up at least hour earlier than you want to be seated then get on list- go hang out  at the farmers market across street while you wait- expect solid (but not mind blowing) foodGo for the experience at least once, then find another breakfast spot.
4	First off, we went with a group of six on a Tuesday morning at 10:30am and STILL had to wait about 45 minutes for two tables of 3.  BUT, the food was worth the wait as I had the delicious special with jalapeno and sausage scrambled, with hash browns and a fresh tortilla.  Awesome!  Great coffee too!  In fairness the line moves pretty fast, but this is a small place so if you're considering coming with a big group, be forewarned that you'll wait longer for a table together.We also learned while we were eating that Matt's was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives on the Food Network.  So that may be the reason for the business too...fewer locals and more looky-loos.Regardless, I'd go back in a flash and highly recommend Matt's!
5	Working at a large hotel downtown I am always sending people to Mat's Big Breakfast and I finally had the opportunity to hear what all the talk was about this morning when a friend and I decided to eat there. As usual there was a wait, but there was some seating outside for us. I have to say I really liked the desert landscaping out front. I ordered the special which was an omelet with fresh jalapenos, cheese, with hash browns. I also ordered a side of the bacon which was delicious! Actually it was all delicious. All of the servers were extremely friendly and said goodbye and thank you to every patron that was leaving. The orange juice is also a must to try. It was like they picked an orange right off a tree. I can't wait to give my money to this place because it's local, the food is fresh, and it's just great.
5	I won't lie. I had been dying to try Matt's Big Breakfast ever since I saw it on DDD years ago. Since I live in NorCal, and the only reason for me to visit the Phoenix area is MLB spring training, Matt's has remained an elusive temptation, taunting me from afar. So when I decided, after a 20 year absence, to take another trip to baseball's March mecca, I knew that a visit to Matt's was on my short "must do" list. I LOVE breakfast, and I am willing to wait for a good one.It was a little intimidating to roll up and see the hoard of people waiting outside the restaurant on a Tuesday morning, but we put our name on the list and took our place amongst the throng.We were seated after a wait of just under an hour and the waitress arrived promptly to take our order. My dining buddy and I both ordered the Hog and Chick, she with soft scrambled eggs, sausage and homefries, and I with over medium eggs, bacon and hash browns. We also decided to split a waffle. The homefried potatoes were good, but the hash browns were out of this world-- crispy on the top and bottom and soft and buttery in between. Seriously the best hash browns I've ever had. The bacon was thick and peppery, and lthough the waffle was tasty, I would have preferred it to have a crispier outside. The hand sliced whole wheat toast with homemade strawberry jam was perfect.I've been to a few places featured on Food Network, and though some of them haven't lived up to expectations, a few of them are home runs (Voula's Offshore Cafe, The Squeeze Inn, Bette's Oceanview Diner). Matt's knocks it out of the park.
1	i dont think they care that they are so rude. the worst service i have ever had. i was amazed that they would treat their customers like that. i will not spend any money there
5	Went to Matt's Big Breakfast before our morning flight out of PHX airport after seeing reviews here.   We were lucky to find them open on Monday since they were not open Mondays in the past.There was no wait for our party of two and were promptly greeted and informed of the daily special.  The waitress was very nice and attentive. I had the special which was a three egg scramble with canadian bacon and locally grown asparagus along with home fries.  K had the eggs, bacon, and hash browns.  Both meals came with toast and preserves.  Both the wheat and sourdough toast were thick slices and very fresh.  Everything was  fresh and tasty.  (Total bill $22.)We will definitely be stopping back here in future trips to the area as it was a delicious meal.  I highly recommend this place to anyone although it is so very small that it is a good idea to get there early (they open at 630) seeing as we got there at 730 and by 815 there was a line to sit.
5	Small seating area, long wait. Bathroom was in motel next door. But the food is excellent, definitely worth the wait. Good prices. Currently, my favorite breakfast experience in downtown Phoenix.
4	I have been to hash brown heaven. When I order hash browns I usually have to specify that I want them extra crispy otherwise I get a lump of anemic grated potato.  Not at Matt's.  They know what kind of hash browns this girl likes - a good crispy crust with a creamy almost mashed potato-like interior.  I also ordered the waffle and bacon.  The waffle was light and fluffy and very tasty with the real maple syrup.  The bacon was thick cut and had a delicious peppery exterior.  Now, if only I could get them to open one up in San Francisco.
2	I went by myself and waited an hour and a half on a Thursday morning. The hostess was rude, after a mix up when she called me (the name she called before me didn't come so she went to seat me, but then realized that she said the name wrong so I waited ten more minutes and then she called tables who were after me), she told me "oh there's a table inside in the corner you can go now". I felt super rushed and that I was inconveniencing the restaurant. The waiter I had seemed not all there. The food was ok but definitely not worth the hype and price.
3	Teeny Tiny little place with little room to breath inside. Food was just OK IMO.
3	Breakfast was good. Staff was great. Wait was long, if your really hungry bring a snack.. we ran errands while waiting. I would go again with people who haven't been, but mostly for the novelty of experiencing breakfast that you have to wait an hour for..
5	I'm just piling on at this point, but Matt's is as good as it gets.  Reminds me of big homemade farmboy breakfast.
4	Went for breakfast on a Friday. Waited a hour and a half to be seated, but it was worth the wait.  Breakfast here isn't fancy, just good.  They specialize in fresh pork products. I had the homemade country sausage and eggs. My son had the pork chop and eggs.  Both were very tasty.  We also split an order of griddle cakes.  They were light and fluffy. Overall, a great breakfast establishment, but plan on waiting. I can only imagine how long the wait is on weekends. Kudos to Elena, she does a great job of making sure things run smoothly and that patrons are taken care of.
4	I'm a sucker for hash browns. And boy does this place do them right.  They are almost like a potato pancake, but even better.  Perfectly crispy, salty, greasy, but not overly greasy.  Everything else was just the cherry on top of the sundae.  Came here on Friday afternoon (around 1ish) and it was still packed.  We still had to wait about 25 minutes for a table, which wasn't too bad.  The place definitely needs to bogart a few more buildings and expand.  But we sat at the counter and bar stools which made me love my hashbrowns even more.The griddlecakes were alright.  Nothing to rave about.  The rueben was good, a little too much sauerkraut for my taste, but others loved it.  The three egg scramble looked fantastic, and by the evidence of the licked-clean plates of my friends, it was a winner.Definitely worth a 30 minute wait in my book.  A 2 hour wait?  Eh, probably not.  Even if those hash browns are calling my name right now.
3	Matt's is pretty good breakfast. I am glad that when I went we had no wait whatsoever. Not sure how we pulled that off on a beautiful Sunday morning...happy though!Definitely overrated. No question there. However there is a certain extreme eating quality to eating at a place smaller than my living room with other guests. I might go back if i spy the line is nonexistent, otherwise...there are other places down the block that are better and you can walk right in and eat!
5	If you love a classic American breakfast, Matts is the best in Phx hands down. I've only been once, mostly because its downtown and the long lines. All their ingredients are local, organic, and farm raised. Their bacon is something I always tell people to try. Its insanely thick and peppered to perfection! I would go there just for a side of bacon! Their toast is thick and baked fresh. Even their OJ is fresh squeezed. I wish I lived downtown because I would go here every weekend!
5	Hands down, best pancakes I have ever had. I would wait three hours for those babies! Went on a Sunday, waited almost 2 hours and boy was it worth it. I would suggest going on a weekday early morning to avoid the wait but I promise you will be glad you waited! You can also do take out. Oh, and get the orange juice!
1	I have attempted to try this place 4 times and I'm thru trying. Way too small and always an hour wait. They need to get their asses in gear and fix this. I am not the only one leaving.... I'm sure they could double if not triple their profit if they simply expanded or just fit a few more tables in.... Screw y'all.... I'll go somewhere that wants and is prepared for my business.
4	A great local place for a filling breakfast!  Just get ready to wait for a table...the space is small but they do a good job of getting people in and out quickly!
5	The best hashbrowns I have ever had. Cripsy, buttery, not soggy or soaking in grease. Cooked well done, can't wait to go back. I went for brunch around 10:30-11am and the wait is not as bad as earlier in the morning.
4	I went to Matt's BB for the first time last weekend.  Took me a moment to get oriented - it's not immediately obvious if you present yourself inside to get on a list or not.  The answer: not.  You sign yourself in.  Once we had that figured out, we waited - but not for as long as I thought.  They certainly have an efficient little operation.  The staff brought out menus for any large parties so the kitchen could start in on their order before they were seated.Once inside, we were greeted warmly and had our orders taken promptly.  My wife tried the special - an odd scramble of eggs, spinach and chicken sauage.  She got hers with hashbrowns and some really nice, thick, fibrous toast.  I had a few bites of her toast and was frankly tempted to order some for myself.  I thought the hashbrowns were OK, but I am not crazy about hashbrowns.I ended up with a bowl of their steel-cut oatmeal, which came with raisins and brown sugar (and milk), then got a side of the homefries.  Sure glad I ordered that side - they were the highlight of the meal.  Perfectly cooked, with nice big chunks of potato, slightly blackened, with fresh rosemary.  Now, I am not always enthusiastic about rosemary.  Can be too strong.  But they'd added the perfect amount.  I commented to my wife that I could see coming there and having a couple orders of their homefries as my meal - they were that satisfying.  The oatmeal was also very tasty.  I wasn't going to bother with it until I saw it was steel-cut.  It was my first time having steel-cut oatmeal at a restaurant, and I enjoyed the contrast to the typical restaurant oatmeal. Someone at the next table ordered the pancakes, and they looked fantastic. Service was very attentive and efficient.  We'll definitely be back.
3	I used to frequent Matt's.  In fact, it was a thing we used to do every Sunday after hiking.  I loved the food and the staff was friendly for the most part.  But I stopped going and until now I never gave it much thought other than I grew tired of waiting for 1.5-2.5 hours!  By the time we had finished eating our day was gone.  But I think the thing that made me decide to not come back was the owner telling me that the next time I came there I could not bring in my coffee that I had purchased from another establishment!  I was shocked because we would go to get coffee because A) coffee was never an option while waiting in line and B) we needed to do something while waiting the stupid amount of time to be seated!  Not to mention that the one thing that isn't all that hot at Matt's IS THE COFFEE!!!So yeah, maybe it's time to venture back for their thick cut, peppered bacon, perhaps it will remove the faint bad taste that was left in my mouth from my last visit.  But I will not be waiting for more than 45 min for a table, the food just isn't THAT good and life is too short.
5	Very delicious food! Very quaint atmosphere!  Super busy, so prepare to wait at least 30 minutes.
3	Ok, so here's the deal. The griddlecakes here are delicious. And I mean good. Everything else is not so good.... I found that out this morning. So we waited for awhile and were seated in the back of the little room, not the one with the kitchen. The roof was leaking right next to us from the rain last night and it kind of smelled weird. Also, the service was not so good.... we asked for cream and never got it.... asked again.... finally got it. And this coffee needs it badly... so bad. And I'm still mad they stopped serving cream and started serving some fat free garbage. So anyway, I went with the BF for breakfast and he was getting the griddlecakes and I didn't want to get the same thing as him so I ordered the salami scramble. That thing was inedible. It had so much salami that was so fatty... the only thing I could taste was fat. Not pleasant. And the salami's texture was really chewy and weird too.... the home fries that come with it are good, the toast is not so great... came with blueberry preserves which was also not great. HOWEVER, go get the griddlecakes. They are awesome. I just can't say a place is four stars when only one thing is five stars and everything else is like 2. So there ya go. Go get some of delicious grandma's griddlecakes of awesomeness. Skip everything else.Update: The BF and I went again today..... what a disappointment. His bacon was waaay too peppery.... like he didn't eat it, it was inedible. ugh. We waited over an hour and got seated at the counter.... pretty lame. Got the hotcakes...they were still good, but I just don't think I'll be back here anytime soon. Sorry guys.
5	An hour wait and well worth it. This breakfast will put you into the best food coma you've ever had before noon. When you wake up at 3 pm all you'll be thinking about is the amazing bacon and fresh squeezed orange juice that put you out.
2	Told this was the best in town so made multiple attempts to go, but left twice because the wait was over 2 hrs... When we finally caught them on an odd morning when the wait was reasonable, found the food was good but not worth the hype.  Plus, had to ask 3 times for my side waffle, and when it was brought out she poured the syrup all over me and made only a half effort to clean it up.
5	I had breakfast here on a trip to Phoenix and it was to die for! I got the special which was a 3-egg scramble with cheese, spinach, and ham - SO GOOD. The eggs tasted SO fresh. THE BEST PART - the HASH BROWNS. Oh my gosh, I have never tasted hash browns like that before - they were perfect! Crunchy on the outside, perfectly cooked on the inside - yum yum. The toast was made fresh (like my mom's), and was THE best toast I have ever had at a restaurant. Fresh squeezed OJ was dynamite! SO GOOD! Best OJ I have ever had. Even the coffee was good!! Great vibe - really small place so no wonder there is a wait. PLUS, I saw the workers give a little to-go box to one of the homeless guys on the street - LOVE THAT!! Not only does this place have great food and great service, but they are caring people!
5	This great breakfast spot is now open on Mondays too!YUM!!!!
3	We waited a little less than 2 hours at Matt's- we went on a Saturday morning around 10:00am. I ordered the 5 spot with hash browns. The hash browns were really good, thin & crispy. I didn't really like my sandwich that much, it was ok. I didn't really cAre too much for the grilled onions & thick bacon....I think I prefer thinner crispier bacon? All in all I wouldn't wait 2 hours again to eat here- it seemed average to me but glad I tried it. Oh & one last thing I didn't like that they didn't have free refills on beverages...it was sold by the bottle or can.
4	I loved this place. Its super tiny but the food comes out pretty quickly and they turn tables fast. I ordered the special which had eggs, ham, Fresno peppers, and cheese and came with hashbrowns. Everything was absolutely delicious. Their toast, as well, was a huge highlight. We didn't wait long because we called beforehand and were put on the list. They don't really have a host/hostess, you just write your name on the list, which I found interesting. I spent most of the meal gawking at one of their employees, Travis, who was absolutely adorable. I wish they had eggs benedict, but the food they had definitely made up for it.
4	I really think this is the BEST BREAKFAST I have ever had!  The 3 times I have eaten here it has been an hour and a half wait!  Other than that I would give it 5 stars...Food is great, staff is friendly
1	To be fair, we went to Matt's based on the raveswe read on various sources.  Like the emperpr's new clothes, we fail to see what the hubbub is all about. I recently went to breakfast there and order a cheese omelet with home fries and wnet away hungry and very disappointed.  The home fries were mostly uncooked and badly seasoned,  The eggs were hard and disappointing and the toast was hard and cold.  This was very unsatisfactory and it is certain that Matt's Breakfast lives off its laurels and not the food.
5	If you anticipate the wait at Matt's Big Breakfast, you'll have nothing to complain about. Put in your name, go get a coffee from Jobot, and relax. The staff is friendly and doesn't seem stressed about getting people in and out, and once you're seated and order your food, it comes out super quick. And it is fantastic. Hashbrowns have never been so glorious. Thank you Matt's, for a delicious place to start the day.
5	Awesome food in a fun setting.  Small place - only about 10 tables plus 4 seats at bar but worth a wait! Go during non peak times and you won't have to wait as long.  The fresh juice was good but in a TINY glass.  It is a fun place but not sure I would wait over an hour for it!
5	Long wait but amazing food!!! The five spot sandwich, hash browns, and bacon was the best!
4	Coming from a diner-centric middle america, I was a little underwhelmed at the limited menu at Matt's, but boy, what he does cook he does excellently. The scrambled eggs I had in my special were easy enough, and I liked the combination of the local shishito peppers, ham, and jack cheese, but the hashbrowns are a shining example of how to execute them perfectly. I wish I had the bacon, too, because that also looked outstanding. Like many of the best places in Phoenix the line grows exponentially by the hour, so get there early and prepare to wait. It's interesting to see the large amount of abandoned restaurant concepts in the surrounding area, but I don't expect Matt's will be among them anytime soon.
2	I think Matt's has had its '5 minutes of fame'.  Note to owners: Your food is good enough,  your staff is great, so please save your money and move to a better location.  Right now, you're next to a rundown hotel with police baracade tape all over the place.The local residents(?) pan-handling all the waiting customers outside your place. Seriously?   Just sad.  Won't go again, won't recommend it either.  Good luck this summer, the heat will melt all your 'waiting area' customers out .
3	The food here was excellent for the one successful trip I had here (more on that later). Fresh bread, homemade jam, thick-cut bacon to die for, freshly cut home fries, and a wonderful mushroom/spinach omlette for a price that is barely more than Denny's or IHOP. I can see why the mayor calls this his favorite breakfast restaurant. Now, I think you have to actually BE the mayor to get a seat in this place. I've tried to go here four or five times and only once was the line under an hour long - the time I actually ate there. The size of the restaurant is comical - I serioulsy believe there's about six tables in the place, and the atmosphere is extremely cramped. Being 6'2, 250 lbs., I honestly had the impression I was eating in the elevator that Gene Wilder stuffed everyone into in "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory." The food is great, but who wants to wait an hour plus for bacon and eggs? Especially in Phoenix, where for much of the year it's almost 90 degrees outside by 10 AM. By the time you get in, it's time for lunch!!!
4	This place lives up to it's hype. I had the waffles w/ thick cut bacon and hash browns, the flavors discovered my lost taste buds. The bacon has this special seasoning that goes nicely on it. One of the best hash browns I ever had. Long wait but worth it, the waiters are average they all work together which they try very hard to speed things up. 4.5.
4	I love Matt's big breakfast. I don't go there all the time. But any place that makes me drive a pretty good distance and wait in line just for breakfast! Must be doing something right. Went there this morning with my girlfriend. And we was greeted by a cute and very intelligent kid that was the owners son. Didn't have to wait to long but it was a nice day. I always get the griddlecakes when I go there. Ive never had anything even close to there's anywhere else. I can't give it 5 stars because of the wait and because its pretty small in there. And its always kind of weird eating breakfast next to a big window where people who are waiting outside can sit there and stare at you. I feel like im on display at a zoo eating. But those are minor gripes. I go to Matts for the food and the food never disappoints.
5	Always good, Always a smile! A" must-go" if you are anywhere in AZ ...! ... get to Matt's and you can thank me later! ;) A HINT: get there a little before 6am or bring an umbrella for the sun in case you have a wait. Regardless ... wake early, travel with an umbrella or sunscreen OR sit for a bit ... you will be glad you "close this deal!" Bfast or Lunch ... the answer is YES!Bon Appetit!- Britten
3	Hmmmmm, another place I heard about for years. Movie stars love it! Locals love it! Food critics love it! I am not a breakfast food eater for breakfast so I figured I would never try it. Hey, I am OK with Denny's or McDonalds for Breakfast! I knew I had to go when the gentleman sitting next to me on the plane recently told me that he purposely landed a layover in Phx just to try the darn place. ( I am like," Really"? But then I thought I might do the same over a great NY pizza sooooooooo I cut the guy some slack-lol) So when I found myself Downtown yesterday I stopped by. Ok, right away I had issues. Nowhere to park. I found a spot on the street and paid 2 bucks for metered parking.( And worried about a break in since the neighborhood is real bad)  We are not starting off well. I then walked the two blocks to the restaurant. Being 10:30 am on a Tuesday I figured the normal 1-2 hour wait would not apply to me, yet the place was not dead. ( Hmmmm, good sign in today's economy) I had to sit outside for a little while but the wait was less than 10 minutes and the woman who worked there was very nice.                                                                                                              The place is an old dive. Now don't get me wrong I love old buildings. Super fan of Coronado Cafe, Teeter house, and other old houses renovated into eating establishments but this place is not one of those. Frankly, it is pretty gross. Small and old looking with uneven floors. It only has 6 tables  or so and a tiny bar. No wonder the wait. The menu only has 6 things on the Brkfst side and 5 or so on the lunch side. I ordered a Salami Scrambled Egg plate with Rosemary potatoes.Maybe I  am not an EGGSpert so I couldn't tell what the big deal was and why they are quoted as being so much better than elsewhere. Now, they are cage free eggs and cooked in butter. They tasted good but I didn't like have a heart attack or moaning fit over them or anything. The Rosemary Potatoes were good but nothing I would wait in line hours for. I have had better. The coffee tasted average. Now, the bread was a different story YUMMERS! Smashing! I asked them if it was homemade and they said they get it at Wildflower Bakery. Soooo I am thinking to myself there are plenty of those in town. I will just go there next time. No wait or parking issues. I ordered an egg salad sandwich to go. Which was delish, BTW and the Homemade Mac salad was outstanding. So, my foodie fingers type, What's the big deal? Did I order the wrong thing? Why the fuss? What am I missing here?  It was very good I agree but Oprah and Guy Fierro????? REALLY? The service was fine. Everyone was nice.  I did go off hours so small wait. I honestly don't know how it made the Food Channel or why people wait three hours in the heat to eat here.     I would go back sure but if I had never heard of the place I wouldn't have ranked it even in the top 100 of my favorite dining experiences.
3	The wait was REALLY long, but we were prepared by the other reviews. I like that you give your order before you go in so you get your food right away. However, the food is only a step above other, more convenient places. I'm over it.
5	Yeah, Matt's definitely deserves 5-stars. Did I have to wait longer than normal for a Wednesday morning before 8 AM? Yep. But I knew ahead of time that Matt's has some hefty wait-times. (As long as I know ahead of time that I'll need to wait, I never have a problem with it.)The service, once we were seated inside, was awesome. The waiter came over and saw that we were ready to order and didn't dally at all. He took our order and drinks at the same time. Within 10 minutes, our food was in front of us. I think that is impressive - for a place with such a long wait time, once you're inside, they get you eating as soon as possible.I had the salami scramble. I loved the huge strips of salami. The eggs were cooked perfectly - not too runny, but definitely not too cooked and dry. My friends had the chicken sausage with artichokes scramble (it was a special). They were both as happy as I was. Matt's is worth it. Go, have a great time with your friends, and eat a great breakfast.
3	A-OK is right and the hype is not always worth the wait. I will keep it simple since there are probably 500 reviews on the place.Pros:Great Hashbrowns, and made from scratch foodGood specials to keep things mixed upGreat company and serviceCons:Guy up front says a little over 35 minutes but really means an hour and 45 minutesPricey for some dishesInteresting people around while you wait to get inside (street walkers, etc.)the fresh squeezed orange juice is enough liquid to maybe fill up a double shot glassOverall I would love to give this place more stars if I could get in there without wanting to eat a finger due to starvation, and leave a bit more satisfied. Anyone who has eaten at Bryan's in San Diego would know what I mean.
2	I have been hearing rave reviews about this place from all my co-workers, so I decided to give it a go.I called to place an order and the girl accidentally hung up on me. I don't know why that bothers me so much, maybe it's just because you should know how to operate your phone?When I went to pick up my order the place is busy, as always which is a great thing. It's like going to a Mexican restaurant and seeing Mexicans, it just means the food is good. I got the omelet with onions and ham, with hash browns and wheat toast. The top half of the hash browns were on point, crisp and tasty. The bottom half . . . soggy and soaked in grease. GROSS. The omelet was huge! If you are looking for a lot of food this is the place to go, though if you are looking for taste I would skip the omelet. The only thing that didn't taste like cardboard was the ham. Thank God for the ham. The wheat toast was ok, though the spread they include has chunks of fruit in it and is amazing.Don't order the OJ to go. You get about 3oz. of it in a plastic sippy cup. I don't know if they thought I was heading to the airport? Anyway, if you want a huge obese enticing portion go here you will get it. If you are looking for a non soggy breakfast I would keep looking.
4	I'm going to sum up my own experiences and some Pros and Cons for people from reviews already posted, to give people a good starting information point.I had the Chop and Chick.  It was great.  If you like breakfast pork chops, this one is top of the line.  The breads and jellies are great too.  The hash browns, crispy and buttery.What I did not like is getting FLAT OUT RIPPED OFF with the TINY, TINY glass of fresh-squeezed orange juice they offer for $2.50.  I mean it's literally only about 3-4 ounces.  Tiny.  Grossly overpriced.  It's like they priced it like that to DISSUADE people from buying it.  Hate this about Matt's.Pros:Fresh, local ingredients, well-prepared and tasty.Many people say this is the best restaurant breakfast they have had, or among the best.People LOVE the buttery, crisp hash browns, and the home fries get a lot of praise also.Although the wait can be long, many people say it's totally worth it.Cons:The wait can be soul-crushingly long.  The place is TINY.Stupidly overpriced orange juice. Fresh-squeezed, but JEEZ !!!Tiny parking lot also.So, ingest all that info, and decide if Matt's is for you.  Happy Yelping !!!
4	took car for repairs this early this morning and had time before taking friend to work so he said, "Where are we going for breakfast?"  I said, "I don't know, where are you taking me?"  Realized we were in area of Matt's Big Breakfast, looked it up on Yelp for address and decided to try it.  Special today was Eggs Benedict with choice of hash browns or home fries.  I normally don't like poached eggs but thought I'd give it a try.  Glad I did.  The hollandaise sauce was delicious, the canadian bacon was very flavorful, nice sized english muffin and I choose hash browns which were soft and moist but a little too dark.  friend got the 3 egg salami sopprosata omelete (sure spelled wrong) with hash browns and oj.  the homemade, organic strawberry preserves they serves with his toast was amazing.  not too tart, not too sweet, just wonderful.  will go back again, however, probably not during the snowbird season.  we were able to get right in this morning and we did hear some regulars talk about how it was nice to see so many people in there today, considering it's now off season for visitors.  apparently, as others have indicated, there can be very long waits to get in.
2	First off, lemme just say that this review reflects neither on the quality of the food (fresh) or the service (excellent).  But seriously, I've had better.  Contrary to other reviewers, Guy Fieri is not the savant of Flavortown the Food Network makes him out to be.Mom really wanted to try this place, particularly the "Chop and Chick" porkchop and eggs dish that Guy had on DDD here and the reason his face is tie-dyed sprayed on the wall with the words "Guy Ate Here".  We altered our exit strategy from the Armpit of America (aka Phoenix - 120 degrees at 8am, no sir!) just to sample this mythically delicious dish.The parking lot is the size of a postage stamp, and while there are several sizable parking lots nearby, you can't park there because it's private property and Phoenix PD don't mess around.  Which leaves metered parking along the streets.  a quarter earns you 10 minutes at Matt's Big Breakfast, and the wait time is about fifty cents on a good day.  You sign your party up on the list near a ceramic pig by the door.The restaurant itself is exceedingly small.  Get to know your neighbors, you'll definitely be talking to them at some point in your meal.I had the organic chocolate milk which tasted exactly like the kind I have at home, an omelet with no special ingredients to set it apart from a Denny's omelet and Belgian waffles that weren't much better than the kind I buy frozen at Costco.  The menu at this Matt's location (I was told there are three around the Phoenix area, each with a more expansive menu than this location) is very limited and the ingredients are too.  No substituting fresh fruit, they don't have any.  That Chop and Chick that cost us $3.00 in metered parking?  I doubt Mom would have given it 2 stars.  Overall, it wasn't a terrible experience, but it wasn't something I'd do again.
5	Ok, first of all - if you're not up for a wait, don't go here.  Simple as that.  The place is small and it's popular - put those two facts together and there's a wait.  In the summer - yea, it's tought.  Now - that being said, I usually go to a place just down the street (don't know the name, but it's a 30 second walk to the south from Matt's) and have a bloody mary inside (or you can get coffee, juice, whatever) and do my wait there while reading the paper.  So, this works for me - no big deal.Once seated the food is simply great.  If there's a better restaurant serving fresh, sometimes creative breakfast fare in Phoenix I'd love to know about it.  But, as a Phoenix native, I haven't found an equal yet.I usually get the "five spot".  Simple, delicious and reasonably priced.  I've had the specials from time to time and they've always been good to excellent.  The service is attentive and friendly.  And, as someone mentioned, the juice serving might be a bit on the small side - but it's always been enough for me and I'd prefer the excellent quality over 8 ounces of something average any day of the week.So, take your favorite paper, prepare for a bit of a wait, enjoy the great weather (much of the year) and enjoy.
4	Matt's is DELICIOUS. Yes there is a wait but it's so worth it. Best waffle I've ever had!
5	Okay, I think I was a dick the first time I wrote a review of Matt's, so i'll try again.I don't like lines.  No, I mean I really don't like lines and I have horrible Disney World nightmares that sometimes wake me up.  Despite my hatred of lines, I love Matt's and I dream of Matt's, too, and sometimes I even find myself in line at Matt's in the blazing heat, waiting for those wonderful pancakes and floating like Bugs Bunny to a carrot.  I think I said something silly in my last review, like, "I won't go back for months because of the lines," but I was back and I felt guilty, so I'm rewriting the review to assuage my guilt and allow me a future guilt-free experience as I devour their pancakes.I wasn't kidding about the scooter gang, though.  Seriously, there was a scooter gang in line.
2	My dad and I went there for Breakfast.  It is a little hole in the wall joint which only seats about 15 people.  The prices are high for the amount of Food.  Three pancakes were $8.00 and they were not big at all less than half the plate.  My dad had a bowl of oatmeal which cost $5.50.  I was not impressed the food was just average nothing to rave about.  Also there is no parking except on the street which has meters and no bathroom you have to go to the hotel next door which has a bathroom.  It is very cramped and hardly any room.  I was impressed they had organic milk on the menu but beside this the food was just average.  I suggest not to make a special trip unless you're a DDD person and want to experience it like most of the customers were when we were there.
4	Very good traditional breakfast spot. I stopped in just as they opened during the week to make sure and grab a spot.  I was treated with a really tasty plate of eggs and peppered bacon.  One of the biggest pluses, Matt's actually knows how to cook hash browns, I didn't need to order them well done, they come nice and crispy as is.  The real show stealer is the toast and home made jam.  Nicely done breakfast at Matt's, go grab some!
4	Recommended by a friend. Don't let first impression fool you. Very small. Air conditiones. Street parking. Service was phenomenal. Food was great. Ate the daily special omelette (3 eggs, turkey sausage, peppers) with tortilla and hash browns. Very good. Will definitely return next time I'm in town.
4	I am going to make this review short and sweet..Great food! I love the hashbrowns! I am big fan of the food!The negative end of this place... the wait. Its a great place to take out of town guests or an occasional place to drop into every now and then. I don't think any place is worth waiting 45 minutes in the heat.
4	I'm an avid food network watcher, and heard about this little breakfast joint from both Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and Phoenix Magazine's "Best Of" issue. I'd actually tried it once before last summer and been only mildly impressed...To read about the experience that changed my mind, visit my food blog:http://eatinganddrinkingacrosstheusa.blogspot.com/2011/07/downtown-phoenix-az.html
3	Ok so the look of the portions in the pictures are very deceptive.  The waffle and pancakes arent big as they look, however I am stuffed so I guess the waffle was big enough.  the food was very good, I thought it would be better, but I am not disappointed.  I would come back here :) the waffle was not as good as the farm and the pancakes were not as good as first watch. but thats just my opinion.  Next time I want to try some of their scrambles.
5	You seriously cannot go wrong if you've wound up at this place.  Everything on the menu is simply fantastic.  When I finally ventured to have lunch here I got blown away by the grilled chicken sandwich.  Its really small though so you usually have to wait.  And its so small you usually have to wait outside.  Because its so small.
4	you will wait... ALWAYS...I COULD EAT A POUND OF THEIR HASH BROWNS. i get them to go!
5	There are very few places that I'm completely OK with waiting thirty to forty-five minutes to eat breakfast, much less in the Phoenix heat, but when it comes to Matt's Big Breakfast I don't think twice about it.  It's actually a regular occurrence, while sitting on the outdoor waiting benches, for the guests who are leaving to assure you it is worth the wait.The place is small, you might even say cramped depending on where you are sat, but the food is second to none.  I always get the special, which varies from day to day.  It's typically a scrambler with generous helpings of meat and cheese, and some locally grown veggies or peppers.  I recommend a side of home fries with rosemary as opposed to the hash browns.  If you're not in the mood for eggs try the waffle or pancakes (seriously it's just all good), and if bread doesn't come with what you order you've got to try the sourdough toast with house made organic blueberry jelly...so delicious.In addition to the amazing food, the service is always great.  Hands down, Matt's Big Breakfast is my favorite breakfast stop.
2	Not really worth the wait. food was ok, hash browns were under cooked and my pork chop was dry, boo hiss. Staff was very nice, but they seem to have a hard time keeping up with all the people. Biggest disappointment of the morning was when a party of 8 showed up 15 mins after our party of 3 and was seated before us???? not really sure how that worked out? Oh yeah no bathroom, make sure not to order any coffee.
5	Proof that great things come in small packages :)Matt's Big Breakfast is SMALL, lol! The local organic coffee that they serve is awesome & I have to drink it even when I'm melting outside. My must have, by far though, is the honey lemonade.... oh yeah! Everything they make is fresh, organic & delicious. I had the breakfast special. I have to say that the eggs tasted a bit different to me, but maybe it's because I've rarely had REAL eggs before, lol. I'm used to the thin shelled, mass produced, break up a bunch & keep them in a container till someone orders something with eggs in it kind of taste. They don't even crack them open until they are making your order. Cage free eggs from happy well fed chickens is the way to go :)The only con I have to point out is the waiting line if you don't get yourself down there early enough. Especially in this heat! My friend decided that we should, but if her makeup started melting off we'd have to find somewhere else for breakfast, lol. Fortunately, we were called in just on time!
5	besides the wait, being i am not a patient person all i can say its worth the wait  .this is my first visit the breakfast was simple but delicous bacon excellent great hash browns and thick baked bread slices and well priced oh and fab staff
2	I waited for 2-3 hours awhile back because everyone was raving about this place.. I had the pork chop but it wasn't anything special. Maybe I was just tired from waiting so long. I didn't get what was so special about the place. But I will try it again and maybe find the magic in it.
5	There are 480 reviews of Matt's Big Breakfast at this time. My guess is that I can't say anything that hasn't been said here or on Food Network. I have wanted to get here for a while, but finally made it in last week with "second wife". She and I are always up for sharing, so we got the cheese omelet with wheat bread and the griddlecakes. Wow.The omelet was large and tasty; it went very well with the Tapatio that we both tried (for the first time!). We got the rosemary potatoes on the side and they were delish. The griddlecakes were crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, just perfect. Light and airy with a touch of sweetness.Saving the best for last... the toast. The bread was dark and amazing- full of seeds and whole grains. It came with a little butter, even though we asked for it dry. There was a small side of house-made blueberry preserves that were incredible. I would go back just for the toast and preserves!We went on Friday at 1pm, probably a smart move.
5	The french toast is RIDICULOUSLY delicious.  I love Matt's! Definitely one of my favorite breakfast places in Phoenix.
4	Peppered bacon and sweet cream butter griddle cakes.  Mmmmm.  The griddle cakes get this nice little crispy edge on them.  Can I get a big woooooot wooooot!!!  MBB is an awesome LITTLE joint to stop at for breakfast.  I stress little because while the food is tall in stature, the place is small small small.  If you're going to go on the weekend, go early.  You probably have much less chance of a wait during the week.  Definitely a hot spot for breakfast in Phoenix.
5	Like most great places, a review isn't necessary, so I haven't done so.  My latest visit gave me the need to do so, though.  I needn't say what's already been said, as most of the reviews are the same.1) You will wait, no matter what time of day or time of year.  Hot summer mornings, early, will have the shortest wait.  If you've never been here, what you do is show up, write down your name and the number of people in your party, snag some water and find some shade.  It's suggested you have good company or a book - you can get bored waiting!2) All the food is good.  All the food is fresh.  If there is a daily special, get it.3) Everyone rants and raves about the potatoes.  I could remove one star just to prove a point, but this is a five star place.  The hashbrowns are good because of the potatoes.  They are extremely fresh and full-flavored, unlike anything you get at most restaurants.  That said, they're not the *WORLDS GREATEST HASHBROWNS EVERRRRRRRRRRRR*.  They're fantastic, but they are a bit mushy on the inside.  They are possibly the very best potatoes in town, all said and done.4) Four Barrel coffee is served here now, instead of Cave Creek.  I'm all for this.  Despite it not being local, it is better than a lot of local roasts.5) Go here.
4	This is the first breakfast place I tried when I moved from Indiana to Arizona in May 2010. It is fantastic! OK, let me get the "negatives" out of the way: 1. Small Place, (possible) Long Waits - Most people are impatient, no matter how good the food. If you are one of those people and want to eat here; get here BEFORE the doors open. 2. OK, can't think of any more. All the Positives: 1. Yes it is small, but it has a wonderful old-school diner feel. 2. The wait staff is friendly and attentive. 3. The food is worth the wait! On my trip to Matt's I had: 1. Honey Lemonade (not as sweet as you might fear - very tasty) 2. The Hog and Chick (Two eggs and choice of off-the-bone ham, thick-cut bacon, or country sausage - I went with the bacon) The eggs were perfect; I always ask for over medium and rarely does a place get the consistency right (Matt's did). The thick-cut bacon was always cooked to my specification - not too crispy; I still like a little chew to it. Since I got there at/before they opened, I was in right away, got my food, enjoyed it, and was out in about 30 mins. A small place, with great service, great food, and a loyal following. I can see why!
5	Guy Fieri's recommendations never disappoint. Came in with the expectation that this place would be good considering it was on the Food Network but my expectations were exceeded! Had the Salami Scramble which was DELICIOUS! The side of hashbrowns were AMAZING (maybe the best part of the meal) and I was pleasantly surprised the side of toast was a legit piece of bread, like something you would find at a bakery, and not just a slice of bread you could buy at the market. Eggs were fresh and light and the salami was perfection. Only downside was that they made us wait outside for our table which was a little ridiculous considering it was 115 degrees outside. But I got nothing bad to say about their food.
2	An hour and a half wait...I thought after seeing this on DDD (from the Food Network) that it has to be pretty darn good considering how they raved about it. Was wrong to believe them. It was normal breakfast food that just tasted fresher than what you could eat at Denny's. Not sure why people are obsessed with it. I guess for that long of a wait you expect very yummy food and it was a let down.
4	Griddlecakes and bacon were fabulous.  As others have said expect a wait.  The place is TINY.  Servers were really nice.  I had griddlecakes, bacon and a diet RC and with tip it was $16.  Portions were generous and I was only able to eat one pancake.  Another side note is it's so tiny your wait is outside... Consider the weather.  There is no shade.  I thought it was worth it but I am not sure I'd wait again.
4	Absolutely delicious, fresh food. Wonderful, friendly, on the ball staff.My wishes for this place are: They would put an awning and some misters outside for while you are enduring the long wait. The sun was beating down on us and we almost left as we had our 6 year old....it was getting to be a bit much. Easily rectified with some more shade and misters. I'm guessing they don't bother as they get enough business even without them.As vegetarians, when we get something without meat, and don't sub it for something else, I always wish the price would be adjusted slightly. Wishful thinking in most places, I know.Open something in Laveen Matt. :)
1	If you are craving basic nothing special breakfast food save yourself the hour long wait outside in the 100 degree heat and go eat at Denny's or IHOP.  Trust me you'll pay half as much and leave feeling less icky.I seriously don't understand the draw of this place.  The whole restaurant seats maybe 20-30 people, so we ended up sitting outside in the heat for over an hour waiting for a table.  Other reviews claim much longer wait times.  When we finally got a table our waitress was friendly enough and got our drink orders pretty promptly.  When they brought us our food  was nothing special just eggs, bacon, and hashbrowns.  The quality was no better than what you might get at any typical breakfast joint.  Seriously Food Network I don't understand what all the fuss is about.  The waitress forgot to bring us our bread.  After two requests and our meal just about finished our bread was finally delivered to the table.  Unfortunately, my boyfriend's bread had a little something extra...a nice long hair.  Disgusting!!  Never again.
2	More like matt's small breakfast!The big name and high prices were certainly not reflected in the portion sizes. That being said, the portions were more than enough for me and I left with a full tummy. Some of the ingredients were organic and local (yay!!), but the actual food was nothing special. In fact, the raspberry preserves were the most impressive thing I ate at matt's. I feel like I could have cooked everything there (and probably more to my liking) with the ingredients in my refrigerator and saved a chunk of change.
2	I did not wait long to try this place after going to the farmers market. I have had way way better. The food was so so. My impression here is that folks who rave about this place have never had really good food with flavor. I actually find that a lot in Phoenix...PEOPLE DO NOT KNOW GOOD FOOD HERE!!!! Look at most of the bad reviews and see where most of the people are from. Yeah, not here with exception of myself but I am actually from Los Angeles and have had access all my live to some of the best food around. Matt's big breakfast is a big joke! I actually prefer to go to wildflower over this joint.
5	I don't think I have anything to share that hasn't already been posted in previous reviews.The food here is stellar - quality ingredients, great flavor, and nothing cookie-cutter. The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting. Service is friendly, quick, and everything one should expect.I absolutely love visiting this place and encourage you to do so, as well, if you haven't already. I am one of the lucky ones who has never had to wait more than 60 seconds for a table - I'm not sure how that's worked out, but it has, and I'm grateful. That said, I would gladly wait an hour to enjoy some great breakfast fare at Matt's. I'm looking forward to trying lunch one day, too!
5	Not as long a wait as I was expecting.  Great service and the Griddle cakes were great. I would definitely came back, when I'm in town.
4	Nice breakfast. Another 30 minute wait for food, but I thought it was pretty worth it.Their special for the day was a three egg scramble with chicken artichoke sausage, organic baby spinach and mozzarella cheese. Very unique and executed quite well - loved the sausage and the freshness of the spinach.The hash browns were a litte strange (like what would happen if you pressed a potato through a spaghetti-making pasta machine) but nice and  crunchy on the outside.My wife got the ham and eggs. These were also good, with nicely salted ham.We also had a side of bacon, which was well peppered and cooked almost to a crisp.
5	I've been a regular here the past 3 years. Other than the wait being long, the five spot sandwhich and waffle make this place one of my favorite in the nation.
4	I mean, the wait is sort of irritating. It's hot - it's Arizona. It's small - but so are their prices. I like Matt's Big Breakfast so I am going to give you the cheat-sheet for surviving the wait, because this place really is special.Stop by Dutch Bros coffee on your way there (see my review) it is on Central and Camelback, and it isn't expensive, but it ought to be with its goodness. Then, drive to Matt's Big Breakfast. Bring a magazine, or a book.The wait is going to be long, so either show up kinda early, or a little bit late. Either way, you're going to have a wait because I think this place seats less than thirty people. The wait is totally worth it, by the way.I got a waffle and some bacon. I'm just not an eggs person, but my mom ordered the special (came with eggs, choice of toast, and choice of marmalade/jam). She got the berry-lemonade that appeared to be the special, and I got the lemonade sweetened with honey. It was really good, and there was lemon pulp in it, which lead me to believe it's made there - it is!!Sometimes, I just want a waffle. I don't want the fuss, I don't want the IHOP shenanigans, I just want a waffle like mum used to make before she realized I could operate the waffle maker on my own. Waffles taste better when they are made for you.Food didn't take that long. Waffle? Wonderful. The bacon was... probably the best I have ever had. I can't remember, but there was a special logo as to where they get their bacon (I believe it was local).Incentive to go back! Just go to Dutch Bros first. It makes everything more warm and fuzzy and less roasting-slowly-in-oven.
5	Love their cheeseburger, can tell it's real meat no 90% fillers! Hotcakes, real maple syrup and best bacon ever! Do expect about 1 to 1hr1/2 wait but totally worth it!
5	I'm pretty pumped that its cooling off outside cause I'll be able to make my way down to Matt's for breakfast on Saturdays again. I tend to stay away during the summer months cause I sweat like a fat kid in a cannibal camp and would rather not wait the hour or so it takes to be seated. Very few places in town do I feel as "at home" as I do at Matt's. The staff is always friendly as are most of the patrons. For such a long wait and for the patrons to be in such good moods they have to be doing something right! The food is fantastic. I love how they find locally grown and raised food and only stock what is in season. The food alone makes Matt's one of my favorite spots for breakfast in town, but its the consistency in the ambiance that makes it my #1 breakfast spot in town.
3	Well, here it is folks. My first 3-star rating since starting this project (http://www.hngrysam.com/?p=20) about four months ago. And I'm sure I'll get some flack for it!I met a friend at Matt's for breakfast around 9am on a Saturday. I expected a wait, and a wait we got. It wasn't too bad, there were benches and shade and lots of conversation. After about 30 minutes we were seated at the bar inside the teeny tiny restaurant.I loved the simple old-school vibe. We ordered and our food came out FAST, which was nice since we'd been waiting a bit. The food was simple and good, and the service was really great. But why all the hype?  Is it rude of me to give a lesser rating because the place doesn't hold up to the Yelp standard?I will absolutely give it a second chance, but I fear Matt's might be one of those places people love because other people love it.
4	When here after seeing it on food network.  The country potatoes and steak omelet with a side of bacon is what I had along with their honey lemonade.  Food was great and service was pretty good.  Everyone was super friendly, it just gets so busy that the work crew can't attend to everyone all the time.  I would definitely go here again.  Probably one of the best breakfasts I've had!
3	Stopped in Saturday morning, early enough to beat the crowds. (After 7.30ish, fuggetabouit....). Ordered Hog (sausage patties) and Chick, but really didn't want hashbrowns. No subs tough, so got a single pancake side. Sadly, I must say it was only an average breakfast. Eggs OM as requested, and sausage good, but almost too spicy, overpowering the pork. The hashbrowns are a waste though, like an afterthought to fill the plate. Almost burned, raw in the middle. Easy enough issue to fix though. Matt should bump up the quality control to keep the place hoppin'. No big worries though, I'll be comin' back!
4	I was specifically looking for a good breakfast place in Phoenix. The concierge suggested Matt's Big Breakfast. I looked at some yelp reviews and figured I'd give it a try. I took the light rail over from my hotel and got off too soon and ended up doing a bit of walking in 100 degree weather. The place was small, had air conditioning, and I was hoping I wouldn't have to wait, even though the reviews said otherwise. I was by myself and able to sit at the counter right away! I ordered the belgian waffle, which had sweet cream butter, sprinkled with powdered sugar and maple syrup on the side. It was served with a side of thick cut bacon, which I have never tasted like this before - it was peppered and tasted really good! I also ordered a side of scrambled eggs. Let me tell you, the food was good - I ate my entire breakfast! The staff was very friendly too. As I was paying and getting ready to leave, I noticed a stamp of Guy Fieri's face on the wall! This place had been featured on the Food Network and I had no idea - usually I look up where he goes or places featured on Man vs. Food. I'd say stop in and check it out if you're in the area!
4	I'm sure you're asking how good can breakfast be? At Matt's it's the little things that count. Instead of giving you a piece of bread from a bag they give you a huge piece of fresh baked bread with real butter and homemade preserves. The organic eggs they use to make breakfast taste amazing and the syrup here puts Aunt Jemima to shame! Want to avoid the horrible wait everyone talks about? At Matt's the early bird gets the worm. Arrive between 6am-8am and you won't have to wait.
5	What's there to say that hasn't already been said? Great, hearty food that sticks to the basics and very good service. If there is a special of the day - get it. You wont regret it.
3	So this place may be a bit overrated. I arrived around 9 on a Tuesday morning, and I only waited about 5 minutes. I was happy not to wait long, but shocked at the ridiculously small space. Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives really makes it look much bigger.I don't know if it's my roots in southern breakfast or the mediocre flavoring that caused me to leave this place without much of a lasting impression. The staff was extremely nice, and I loved the fresh squeezed orange juice. Just not worth me getting up extra to include the place in my stops before work in Tempe, AZ.
5	I love places like this.  Had the hog and chick: eggs over easy, thick cut bacon (you always know a good spot if their bacon is legit), hash browns and homemade sourdough toast. Totally solid and cheap.
4	While in Phoenix, walked to Matt's for breakfast on Saturday morning. Not being really familar with it, I had no expectations. We ended up having to wait over an hour to be seated - mostly because this place is really freaking small. (If you have a big group, you'll take up the entire restaurant and that's just rude.) The menu is pretty sparse, but has something for everyone. I got the hog and chick - with scrambled eggs (just ok), thick cut bacon (it was heavy on the pepper but good), hash browns (odd, the home fries looked better) and sourdough toast (next time, I'm just getting the toast. The sourdough was awesome). With a coffee, I think my total was around $10-11 - not too bad. Overall, if it was a random day during the week with no wait, I'd be more excited. I'm not sure it was worth the wait - but my cousin is still talking about how great it was.
5	Ordered the famous "Butter Burger" medium rare. Forget lettuce, tomato, and pickle, eat this with cheese and maybe some ketchup to let that beef shine through. Delicious! Great diner atmosphere, got to sit at the counter.Happy to see it was Niman Ranch beef, a sustainable/organic livestock provider.
5	There's little more to say that hasn't already been said.Matt's has very familiar items on their menu, but each that I've tried really is impressively delicious!Expect to wait...if you're impatient there are plenty of others who are willing to wait (me included) for 40+ minutes on a very empty stomach.
5	Saw this place on Triple D so I decided to give her try. My expectations were high and when I arrived I was shocked that on a Thursday morning the line was extra extra long. Had to wait patiently which when it comes to food I don't like. But needless to say the wait was worth it because when I got in there I was served quickly. I ordered the pork chop, eggs, and hash browns.  The pork chop there is fabulous and the toast and home made grape jelly was good. I would recommend this place for breakfast to anyone who is in the downtown area of Phoenix. Make sure to try the bacon too.
5	This little place was great for breakfast.  Service was great and the food better.  It was paced and the just keep the coffee coming.  Was worth the wait.
2	This was a case of high expectations falling short. After seeing it on a Food Network show and reading about it in numerous sources, I had high hopes for Matt's Big Breakfast. After waiting for 45 minutes, we made it inside the tiny restaurant.  Everything was ok, but nothing spectacular. I do appreciate their no microwave, no freezer rule, but I feel it didn't live up to the hype I had read/heard about. Maybe I'm just spoiled by good Bay Area coffee options, but the coffee here was BAD. The salami scramble was pretty average and the Belgian waffle for which a lot of people rave about, was fine, but again, didn't stand out as amazing. The thick cut bacon was awesome and a nice accompaniment to the waffle. However, waiting for 45 minutes and feeling rushed to get out the door, just isn't worth it.
2	Overrated, overhyped, over easy.  The people that work here think they're hot shit and need to get over themselves. Clearly all the attention this place has gotten has gone to the waitresses' heads. News flash: You aren't that special. Plenty of other great breakfast places in the valley without the wait. For the raves this place gets the food is really just ok.  Definitely not a bad breakfast, but not the best either. Pretentious all the way. I'm out!
5	The food tastes amazing. I don't want to know how much butter they used to make my waffle, but I sure made it disappear. The staff is intelligent, friendly and efficient. There is sometimes a wait to eat here, but they have a waiting list and try to get new customers in quickly. I have eaten here twice this school semester (it's very close to the ASU downtown Phoenix campus) and I keep talking new classmates into going back with me. The ingredients are fresh and very high quality. No wonder they were featured on Food Network's Diners, Drive- ins and Dives. Yum! Try the omelet, it's my favorite.
4	Ok, so I have heard all the hype over Matt's and just never thought to go, as I don't usually have the patience to wait 2 hours to eat.  Fortunately, the missus and I had this morning off together and thought it might be easier to get in for breaky.  The wait was about 15 minutes when we got there, which is nothin.  We were seated at the table why the window and were greeted promptly.  I had a coffee and we both had fresh squeezed oj.  We both opted for the cheese omelette with mushrooms and onions, I had whole grain toast and she had sourdough that was served with house-made preserves (the bread, I learned, comes from Wildflower Bakery) and it was soooo effing good!  The hashbrowns were magical, all golden brown delicious on the outside and soft and gooey in the middle. We also shared a waffle for a breakfast-style dessert.  It was very good and I will definitely go back for more!!
5	The best breakfast place in Phoenix. Everytime I go i get the special.. which changes every time.. can't go wrong.... it's a long wait and small place but it's worth the wait
4	Really good breakfast. The waffle was probably as good as I've had at a restaurant and the quality of the food was really good. I'd recommend stopping in, but as for now and where my travels have taken me it didn't dethrone Ruth's Diner in Salt Lake as my favorite breakfast.
3	I think there was way...too much hype for this little place. The food is good, but it wasn't worth waiting over an hour to eat here. I was lucky enough to have come by here and while waiting I walked over to the Farmer's Market, it helped kill my waiting time and standing in the heat. No joke that the place is tiny. They do have a friendly staff and have lots of staff to help with the crowds they get. So the service is good.I had The Chop & Chick, the chop was pretty tasty. The homefries were just okay, the hash browns tasted better. I also tried The Five Spot and it was good. There are lots of great reviews on the bacon from this place and...it is good, but I wouldn't want to pay $2.50 for a side order of bacon.
5	Best breakfast in Phoenix bar none.  Everything is very fresh.
4	While waiting to be seated I was acosted by an agressive panhandler :(  That being said we had coffee while we waited. On to the food...everyone in our party thought it was great...had the Hog & Chick myself.  The menu prices have gone up from what I saw on-line though...need to update their website!  Ernie (Matt's wife) helped us and was very nice. Overall was worth the wait...about 30 minutes on a Saturday morning.  There is a Farmer's Market across the street that you can check out while waiting :)
1	Sooooo overrated.  I've been here three times now and this last time will be my last.  I don't mind a wait if the food and experience are worth it, but when you finally get seated at a teeny table with  not enough room for the plate, coffee cup and flatware and then the menu is limited to Denny's fare and just a hair above their quality....well, just go to Denny's.  I haven't been to Denny's in ten years; it will be longer than that before I go back to Matt's Big Breakfast.  Not a fan of greasy food.
5	Awesome place. Be ready to wait because it is very popular place.
4	No frills basic breakfast.  Hash browns were soggy and oily. Chop was cooked nearly perfect. Chop and chick, side of bacon, and glass of OJ came to $18 including tip, so it's a little pricy for a basic breakfast.
4	So until today I didn't know there was a lot of hype about this place.  Ashley L. suggested it and I said sure why not.  While waiting for her in the parking lot, doors locked and windows up, I decided to look at it on Yelp.  Wow was there a lot of reviews.  So we got there early and there was no wait.  I guess that is rare.  We both got The Hog and Chick with bacon and sourdough bread she got eggs over hard and I got them scrambled and we shared a stack of pancakes.  I have to admit that the food was really good.  I am not saying this because others have said it but because it is my own opinion.  Like I said I didn't even know it existed until she suggested it.  The service was great and we had a great experience. My only problem is the size.  It is tiny.  Wow.  There is a place on the west side known as The Place and it used to be in a small location and moved to a larger one.  Much easier to get in and the food is still great.  They may stay there because it feels quaint but that I think was the only flaw I saw.
3	Worth the wait ... Definitely Not .... 2 hours for breakfast? But food was awesome. So if you have the time and do not mind the long wait ... Check it out ...
1	Overpriced. Bland. If this is what Phoenicians rave about, no wonder they're so unhappy...
5	The sandwich with eggs and bacon was amazing! I think the wait was too long and next time I will order to go but I will definitely stop by again!  They should put tables outside instead of having all of the seats for waiting outside!
5	So yummy and totally worth the wait. If you don't want to wait, order to go and eat in the park. Always ask what the special is, great for sharing.
4	Honestly, I wait in line for the bacon. Matt's bacon is not for everyone, that's for sure. Vegetarians, look away! 'cause this stuff is fatty, medium-rare, meat candy! The pepper sounded off-putting to me until I tasted it, and oh, how I enjoy it.Been there many times and whenever my Foodie brother is in town, he takes me there so he can get 2 or 3 orders of bacon.Great on the side of their Griddlecakes, which taste like a combination of a corn muffin and a pancake. De-lish.Worth the wait.Oh, and remember: this is a Divey Diner in an undesirable section of Downtown Phoenix--so SNOBS BEWARE!The rest of us will continue to enjoy the homemade goodness.
5	Best breakfast restaurant in Phoenix!
5	Absolutely adore this place. Matts' serves the best breakfast in downtown Phoenix!! I usually order the special which is always amazing!!  The toast  is delicious with their organic preserves. The homefries are also yummy. I love the local vibe. The owner is always friendly,  and greeting you with a big smile! Stop by and you won't regret it! Can't wait to go back!!
4	yummy yummy.  I love Matt's big breakfast, and return frequently.  I never mind the wait the staff is amazing and courteous.  The food is fresh and delicious and rotating specials allow you to try different things from their menu.  I am a huge fan :)
4	I travel to Phoenix often and after several attempts to bypass long lines, I was able to get seated after a 20 minute wait. With that said, dishes with eggs and home fries were excellent. The chops were dry and not really flavorful. We sat at the counter and the service was efficient without feeling rushed. I liked this place, but the wait and the metered street parking doesn't make this a very convenient option for a weekday breakfast.
2	I wouldnt recommend this place for vegetarians, as they have zilch, excpet for pancakes, toast, omlette and stuff, for which I can go to ihop next door to me. The omelettes for vegetarians doesnt make the cut for me as on top of not having too many options for vegetarians, they charge much for every single topping on it. The place isnt as big as the name suggests ;) but I love places like that which remind of an old house converted into an eatery. dont get me wrong, but the place is too small, but is super popular in circles, so expect a long wait time, we waited for 30 mins for 2 PM on a Tuesday. But the price suits well for the Big in the name, the servings arent as big though as the name suggests. I like the build of the place, but I am not going here again.
4	Another breakfast in the books, thanks in part to yelp and the devoted food review culture. Upon arrivng at Matt's Big Breakfast, the line is insanely intimidating. If we weren't so far out of Scottsdale, I'm not sure my girlfriend and I would have withstood the wait. Boy were we happy with our decision to stay. The wait lasted about 45 minutes and we were in and out of the restaurant in about a half hour. I ordered the Five Spot sandwich and my beautiful girlfriend ordered the pork chop meal. We both had water with our meals and the total cost was $19.06. The wait staff is fairly attentive, nice, and very efficient. Unfortunately, we buffered the wait with coffee drinks from Royal at the Market coffee, located just down the street, and they told us at Matt's that outside drinks are not allowed which kinda sucked being that we just waited for 45 minutes in the hot sun. At this point, our expectations were very high and we were a little irritated by the wait, therefore the food had to deliver BIG...and it pretty much did. My sandwich was on a great brioche bun that was loaded with cheese, sunny side up egg, and two great slices of bacon. I also ordered a side of homefries which were perfectly seasoned with herbs and grilled onions. We both agreed the homefries rocked. My grilfriends pork chop was fried and came with this interesting light basil pesto shmear that was perfect. Her eggs were scrambled and the hash brown potatoes were more like a potatoe pancake and she liked it. Her dish also came with local sourdough toast and a great mixed berry jam. Nothing in this meal was cooked bad or served cold. We will probably return again as long as the temperature outside permits. One last FYI: Beware showing up in large groups.
3	Gone down hill.  Just to be stuck outside waiting with a bunch of yuppie tourists takes away from the breakfast experience.  Great food sometimes but no longer my favorite.  I would rather make breakfast at home.My dad agrees 100%.
3	Good but not worth the wait, we waited over 2 hours for a party of 3.  Very nice staff and place looks clean.  Nothing really stood out to justify that type of wait.
5	Matt's Big Breakfast was featured on Diners, Drive-in's, and Dives. I've been to some of the top rated breakfast spots in the country, and have to say that Matt's ranks right up there as one of the best.I ordered the Waffle, which comes with Bacon, and also ordered a side of Hash Browns. The food all tasted very fresh and amazing and you could tell a lot of thought was put into every detail. The Waffle- A large Belgium style waffle that was fluffy and cooked to perfection. I love the little metal syrup container that comes on the side and contains the perfect amount of warm syrup.The Bacon- The best bacon I've ever had!  Thick, perfectly cooked, and the right amount of pepper coating.Hash Browns- Awesome! I'm a big hash brown fan and these are really good. Perfectly cooked with an amazing fresh taste.Most of the top rated breakfast places that I've been to are ranked high for their delicious and creative breakfast items. Matt's get's five stars because they take the traditional breakfast staples and serve them to perfection.
4	Coffee was good, orange juice was fresh & delicious.I had the waffle which came with bacon: OMG, my mouth was in heaven! Bacon was sooo good, covered in black pepper, and the waffle was soft and sweet and oh-so-good! Boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich: also very yummy.The wait can be ridiculous. The place is pretty small, but it was very well-priced.
3	Let's be positive.  Matt's has the best waffles I have ever had. And the pancakes are pretty darn amazing. But, Matt's has too many rules. Especially for a diner-style resturant. I feel like every time I go there, I leave being pissed off about something.First, NO substituions.  I'm a vegetarian and most of their dishes come with a side a meat.  I would rather have a side of potatoes (and that is cheaper for the resturant than a side of meat). But, NO substituions. I have to order "no meat" and then pay for a side of potatoes. C'mon, now. Also, NO outside beverages.  Matt's is located in an epicenter of amazing local coffee shops.  I would like to enjoy a handcrafted latte from Lola's instead of Matt's drip with breakfast - but the waitress will jump on your butt about that coffee cup before you even sit down. Loosen up, Matt. It's a diner.Awesome tip: Matt's does take-out orders. If you're craving some yummy pancakes on a Sunday morning and have no desire to stand outside for 90 minutes - call it in! It will be ready in 15 minutes and you can enjoy a local latte with it!
2	Overrated... I will not go back
4	3.5-4 stars.Bumped up the rating because the servers were so nice considering how crazy/busy it was.Small hole-in-the-wall breakfast place. Loved the cranberry walnut bread. Coffee was good. Had the 3 egg, mozzarella, spinach special which was good. Nicely made home fries & hash. Fast but very friendly service.
4	I got there at 1 on a Sunday and waited for about an hour to get seated. The place is really small so I'm sure there is always a wait. No bathroom. Food was great. Everything was really fresh. I think there were 5 things to chose from and the one thing I really wanted ran out as I ordered. Majorly bummed. I would love to come back but seriously am dreading the wait!
4	"What is this? A restaurant for ants? I don't want to hear any excuses! The building has to be at least... Three times bigger than this!"On a more serious note, this is a teeny, tiny restaurant - so small that the first action of order is to write your name on a notepad that is waiting on a small table outside the entrance. Then expect to wait outside until there is space inside, because there is simply no space to stand and wait inside. But when you do manage to stick a foot in the door, Matt's Big Breakfast invites you in to a cheery, diner-esque environment but with fresh flowers on the table and nicer than average cutlery to boot. Like the establishment, the menu is small. We ordered the Salami Scramble and the Chop & Chick.SALAMI SCRAMBLEThough I can always appreciate a bacon and eggs type breakfast, the peppery punch of the salami scramble was a nice change from the classic. Of course breakfast isn't breakfast without some made-from-scratch hash browns that were crispy but not too oily. I generally like my browns a little less fried, but I still enjoyed these taters nonetheless.CHOP & CHICKThe pork chop was expertly seasoned which was right up my alley, because huge hunks of just meat just doesn't hit the spot. Huge hunks of meat with lots o' spices though? Oh yes.All in all, a nice experience at this charming little restaurant. I would definitely visit when I want some good ol' meat and potatoes for breakfast.
5	Hey this place is a classic down town breakfast joint. They sure dont need a A+ review from me, but what the hell. This Place Is Awesome.I love riding my bike to this funky little diner. I always get the breakfast special; this time it was scrambled eggs, ham, fresh jalapenos, and pepper jack cheese, with a side of home frys. Holy Sh** it was good! Everything is super fresh, affordable, and clean. The portions are big, so be mindful of spiting with a friend if so inclined. Also I would recommend getting your delicious food to go and sit in the park just to the south. The wait to sit inside can be very long.
4	As far as the food goes it is absolutely delicious. I had the special which was a 3 egg scramble with asparagus, top sirloin steak and fontina cheese and it was very tasty. One thing I really like about this place is that they have fresh squeezed orange juice. I love fresh squeezed orange juice and it is rare to find it in restaurants these days - or at least at the ones I have been going to :)The glass of orange juice was awesome but it was tiny. There is also always a long wait here since the restaurant is very small and cannot accommodate very many people.I am deducting one star for the wait and the portions of orange juice, but the food was delicious - my wife and I ate every bite.
3	Be prepared for a wait, and amazing food. Average service. Waitress will say "I'll be right back with that," and it will never come.
5	Been wanting to come here since it was featured on Food Networks Diners, Drive-Ins& Dives. Guy Fieri knows good food so this was the first place I thought of when my parents wanted to grab breakfast in Phoenix. Luckily, on a Monday afternoon, we avoided the rush, and only waited 5 minutes! Score! Now on to the grub.A lot of the food here is locally grown, they use cage-free eggs, and they even make their own jam/preservatives. I loved everything we ordered. Pancakes were different- they are very sweet- no need for any syrup. The hash browns were very good, but very heavy- and a bit soggy (which I actually prefer). The toast is large, freshly baked, and served with real butter. (nothing beats real butter!) My pork chop was very tasty and seasoned just right. Also, our server was a sweetheart, very helpful and patient. Tip- try the homemade berry lemonade if availableTip- call ahead to find out about the wait- avoid the rush! Tip- as mentioned in almost all other reviews, this place is very tiny- not a good for large parties or the claustrophobic.
5	Always delicious !! Had their sausage with my breakfast this time, awesome!!Extra special bonus on my last visit...hot chic working there was wearing super short, super tight skirt, and little... to no underpants..and she kept wanting to pick things up from the floor, this was a great day.
4	Don't be turned off by the location and size. Good things come in small packages.
4	Bacon? Outstanding.  Griddle cakes?  Crave-worthy.  Home-fries?  Awesomely awesome.  Service?  Ehhh.  Love this little joint tucked into a one-bedroom house!  The food was amazing -- I can still taste those griddle cakes, BUT the service left something to be desired (more about that later).  My hubby got the three-meat scramble with hashbrowns, and it came with a tortilla.  He gobbled it down, apparently it was really good.  We never got any hot sauce, after two requests.  I ordered the two-egg breakfast with bacon.  The bacon was to die for, the best I think I've ever had.  The thick sourdough toast which accompanied my meal was served with real butter and fresh strawberry jam.  The combo was killer!  All in all, a fantastic breakfast!About the service -- The female waitress who greeted me at the door specifically told myself and two other parties that were waiting that they ONLY SEAT ENTIRE PARTIES, no waiting at the table for someone else to show.  She must have said this three or four times.  I pointed to my hubby, who was parking the car across the street and told her he'd be here in just a minute, and she reiterated, WE ONLY SEAT ENTIRE PARTIES.  I was told to add my name to a list outside, even though he was 30 seconds away!  An older woman appears at the door and asks for a table, and tells the waitress her husband is parking the car.  "Oh, okay, I can get you a table right now," says the waitress.  No "WE ONLY SEAT ENTIRE PARTIES."  No "ADD YOUR NAME TO THE LIST OUTSIDE EVEN THOUGH HE MIGHT BE HERE IN 30 SECONDS."  Noooooo.  Instead it's "Oh, okay, I can get you a table right now."  GRRRRRR.  I piped up and said, "Oh, here he is.  We're ready now."  The waitress responds, "I'm going to get her a table, I'll be right back."  GRRRR.  I HATE people who say one thing and do another.  I was seeing red at this point, but the place is so danged small I couldn't tell my hubby what I was so pissed off about!!!  Anyhow, the waitress "that wouldn't seat us" buzzed our table once or twice, and I asked for water THREE TIMES before a very kind gentleman waiter got it for me.  They forgot my OJ -- he brought it out after I asked the other waitresses TWICE.  Hot sauce?  Never appeared on our table, even after two requests.  Just a tip -- the female waitresses were ditzy as hell.  Ask for a male waiter!!  (sorry if that sounds sexist, but I'm a woman and I know what good service looks like.  This was NOT IT.)My rating above is based on the FOOD (5 STARS) minus one star for the SERVICE (TWO STARS).  (I know, I know, five minus two is three, but I just couldn't bring the food rating that low, It was THAT GOOD)  In fact, I think I'm heading out now for some of those griddle cakes.  From a male server.  See ya!
5	The best hamburger in Phoenix is Matt's BIG BUTTER BURGER, bar none.  Get it cooked medium and get the HASH BROWNS on the side, we like them crispy or well-done.  The meat is so tender and flavorful, it melts in your mouth, and the bun is specially prepared just for them.  Super fresh produce on the burger along with a big ole slab of American cheese makes this a burger you'll dream about later on.The Griddle Cakes are our second-favorite item and when we go, we share a Burger and one order of the Cakes and we are both FULL and satisfied.  Matt's is truly a hole-in-the-wall, but don't let that deter you.  Figure out when the lines are short and GO, you won't regret it.WE LOVE THIS PLACE.
1	Waited 30 mins to find out the girl was skipping me on the waiting list. She said she wasn't skipping me, that there were places for two people to sit, but not one. The last time I checked, one person is able to sit where two people can sit. I don't give a pretty fuck that you are trying to turn more tables, if I am waiting 30 mins, when it's my turn, ITS MY TURN. If someone that came after me, sits before I do, you are skipping me. There is no arguing with me about it. Won't be back.
5	Yum!
5	I was first introduced to Matt's Big Breakfast when I was a resident of Flagstaff, AZ, where waiting for a good breakfast is an everyday part of life.  I know that some people in Phoenix will not be able to wait, since they have their Denny's and Waffle Houses in their neighborhood.With that said, Matt's Big Breakfast is worth the wait.  Waiting is good for you.  And the wait is usually not that long.  And, while you are waiting, there is stuff to look and see and do!  The Downtown Public Market is adjacent to Matt's, the people at the Coronado Hotel are pretty cool after you give them a cigarette or "shfifty shents".  The staff is always in a rush but as pleasant as cherubs.  The coffee smells delightful, and the honey lemonade is the bees knees  The food is the best part! I love the ingredients that Matt picks, which are local and organic when the product is convenient, affordable, or rockstar status.  All the eggs are from local cage free chickens.  All of the jams and jellies (which rotate on a daily basis) are from local businesses and they will probably help relieve any allergies you have (if you live in Phoenix).  When I was a young Big Breakfast eater, I enjoyed the Five Spot and worked my way up to the to the succulent egg and pork Chop and Chick before graduating to simply ordering the special, and trusting that Matt and his minions will take care of me.The specials are the reason why I keep coming back, and why I bring my friends.  I have brought out of town poets, musicians, and artists to Matt's.  They all love the diner feel, the orange and simple menu, the nice and friendly staff, and of course - the BIG breakfast.
3	So for being featured on DDD, I expected a little more than what I got to be honest.  We arrived on a Sunday morning at 8:15 and waited a half hour, which I was fully expecting from the other reviews.  I was underwhelmed by the limited menu but understand that it has to be that way to turn the tables as fast as they need to in order to accommodate the crowd waiting outside.  My omelet was alright and my husband got the salami scramble which he did enjoy.  The sourdough toast, homemade jam and fragrant squeezed OJ was what I enjoyed the most.  I would recommend to visitors but honestly don't know if I would continue to come here and wait as a regular.
4	I haven't been here in a while.  Stopped in Monday AM and didn't have to wait for a table which is rare.  I had their special which was scrambled eggs with apple sausage and spinach.  Served with hash browns and toast it was a great way to start the day.
2	I know this isn't going to sit well with a lot of Yelpers, but I was markedly underwhelmed by Matt's.  I had high expectations considering the avid reviews (and the feature on the Food Network), but frankly, I was disappointed.I was expecting quite the wait to be seated considering the popularity of the place (and the line when I got there), but since I was dining alone, I was seated immediately.  Unfortunately, my seat was at a bar along a window that faced the hot Arizona sun.  I had to wear sunglasses while dining.I started with a cup of coffee.  It was fresh, but not particularly flavorful.  Anyway, that's not really where I'm hung up on this place.  What do you expect for a buck thirty-five?  No, my issue was with my food.Here's what I ordered: a Salami Scramble (basically scrambled eggs with salami) and a side of bacon.  The Salami Scramble was served with hash browns and toast.  The biggest disappointment of the meal was easily the Salami Scramble.  Having read good things about the entree, and upon recommendation of my server, I was excited to try the scramble.  Unfortunately, the scramble failed to live up to the hype. While the eggs were cooked perfectly (not too rubbery and not too runny), the overall flavor was off-putting.  The salami tasted okay, but in conjunction with the eggs, and the overpowering use of herbs, the final product was less than delicious.  Even after slathering the whole thing in catsup and hot sauce, the herbal and earthy overtones were overpowering.  I had the same problem with the hash browns: they were entirely overpowered with herbs.  I found myself actively trying to pick out the rosemary permeating the potatoes.As far as the bacon goes, it was undercooked.  I like my bacon relatively crispy, perhaps more than others, but still, this was very chew.  The toast was fine.Because of how much positive buzz this place has I may try it again - perhaps I was the victim of a rare poorly prepared meal here.  As it stands now, though, I'm less than enthused.Lay off the herbs - they're best used sparingly.  They're potatoes, not a salad.
4	Absolutely love this place! We chose to go to breakfast on a Tuesday and only had to wait 30 minutes for this delish meal! It was a good time to look over the menu and decide what we wanted to eat. The menu isn't big but everything looks good! Since we were only getting to try one meal at this place, I decided to go all out and get the Chop and Chick with a side of the bacon and a strawberry honey lemonade. The food was amazing. Hash browns all the way! And the bacon...oh the bacon...and the bacon! It was worth it for me to get the extra side of bacon. Did I mention the bacon? I do have a critique on the lemonade. It was a bit too sweet for my liking. So i diluted it with a bit of water and that made it just right for me. I'm going to have to try other menu items...I'm not a fan of waiting an hour, so it might have to go again during the week to avoid the much talked about morning crowds. You gotta try this place if you are in Phoenix!
5	Thumbs Up!I vouch Matt's Hog & Chick is worth the long wait!
5	By far THE BEST place to go for breakfast when you're in Phoenix.  Now stop reading, get off the Internet and get to Matt's right now.  The line will be long.  Enough said...
4	Great food here but in desperate need of expansion.
5	This has to be the best breakfast I've ever had!  I ordered the special which was scrambled eggs with sweet peppers, whiskey fennel sausage and Havarti cheese.  It was outstanding!  We had to wait for over an hour which we knew that going in.  The food was definitely worth the wait.  Looking forward to going back again!
5	Love this place. I went there for the first time this morning. It was outstanding. When we where told the wait was over an hour we debated not staying. I am so glad we did. Totally worth it. Everything was cooked perfect. The homemade bread with preserves was awesome. I got the hashbrowns which where great. So much butter which I know is bad for you but if you are coming here for breakfast I doubt health food is what you are looking for. My girlfriend got the home fries which where actually better. Just the best breakfast in town period. Go there and wait it out. So worth it.
5	This is the idyllic breakfast stop for all you yelping food fanatics. Matt's is an upscale diner that will keep you believing breakfast really is the most important meal of the day; no matter how many carbs you just ate. My game plan was to order a meal and save half of it for later or even the next day; unfortunately, it was sooo good that I just couldn't stop.When they asked me what type of toast I wanted I half shrugged it off as just give me the "whatever" flavor and I won't eat it anyway. I generally stay away from generic tasting food in an effort to make my calories count for at the very least and awesome tasting meal.Even the toast was awesome! If they didn't bake the loaf of bread that my toast came from just as I was making my order, you could have foolded me. The hashbrowns were awesome, so much that I ate them all.  I wish I knew how to make my scrambled eggs taste like Matt does. You will not be dissapointed with any meal you order here.Words just don't give this breakfast joint justice, so be sure to check out all the pictures!Expect to pay about $10-11 per person after tax and tip for one of these awesome breakfast meals.**WARNING** Don't eat here if you are looking for just another breakfast place. **
5	Okay, I admit it - we are waaaaay late to this party. We tried once before but the hour-plus wait was just two much for the four starving carnivores with me that day. This time our strategy was to go early on a Saturday morning as close to 6:30am opening as possible. We arrived around 7:15 (it WAS the weekend after all) and only waited about 20min for a table for two. I had the special of the day - 3-egg scramble with andouille sausage, fresh local baby spinach and fontina cheese - YUM! The sausage had just the right enough of bam and the home fries with rosemary and onions rocked. My companion had the hog and chick - awesome meaty bacon with that.Great value for the price - I packed up at least half my meal for the starving teenagers at home (who could not be roused at dawn). If you haven't been, get up early, bring a newspaper and rest assured Matt's Big is well worth the wait.
5	was in town for spring training walking around one morning looking for a bite to eat and ran into this gem because i saw a line outside and decided if people are waiting this long to get a seat it must be good as to be a reason for the wait and i was not dissapointed i had the special of the day which was eggs benedict with thick cut pieces of ham and a most excellent hollandaise and i destroyed it so much flavor my mouth was doing backflips wish i could have tried so much more on their menu but thats gives me another reason to visit beautiful phoenix again so next time u see a line outside of this place or any for that reason dont run away because there has to be a reason people are waiting to get inside and matts will not
5	If you're at all a "Foodie" you can't come to Phoenix, or anywhere within 50 miles and not visit Matt's Big Breakfast.  The wait outside is just part of the ambiance and culture of this tiny little place.  I hope they don't very enlarge this place....it would so spoil it.Food....have anything.  Its all cooked to perfection with love and kindness from a kitchen staff that really cares about freshness.  My personal fav's are the Waffle and Bacon and the multi grain toast with the fresh jam typically made locally....changes frequently. This was on Diner, Drive-ins and Dives a few years ago and its still the same bustling place as when Guy was there.Side note...this was way cool.  On our last visit there were 4 of us, and if you've been here you know there are only a couple of tables that seat 4.  So we're waiting outside when the server comes out hands us menus, takes our orders.  When we're seated about 15 min. later our food was delivered within minutes of being seated.  Helped us get in and out and helped them move a table.  Much appreciated service.
5	Wake up in the morning, food was on my  mind. Whats a good place to eat? "Heard the food portion at Matt's was astronomical!" Asked myself, Am I really that hungry? Yes, Yes I AM! Knowing that a trendy brunch place like this would attract a lot of locals and travelers. I had mentally prepped myself to wait an hour. But who knew Matt's big breakfast would be contained in such a small place. I had waited almost 90 minutes to be seated. Good thing it was breezy that day, or it woulda been pretty intense wait.Once seated, pretty much knew exactly what I wanted to order until I saw the special. 3-egg scramble with andouille sausage, fresh local baby spinach and fontina cheese. Sounds amazing. Got an order of that and an order of the Hog & Chick w/ hash browns.The 3 egg scrambleDefinitely prettier dish of those 2. The presentation was definitely on point, the plate was full of fluffy eggs with melted fontina cheese on top. The rest of the plate was filled up with the country fries(potato). The bed of baby spinach added contrast to the plate. A dish that pleases the eye as much as the tongue. The andouille sausage/egg/fontina cheese was good combo. The flavor of all 3 really worked together, instead of fighting each other.Hog & Chick w/ hash brownsThis one was less aesthetically pleasing. But don't let looks fool  you. This piece of pork chop is mighty tasty. The hash was real good. They browned both sides of the hash, and added some other stuff. It was tasty and had good consistency. Wish the chop was a thicker cut. I'd pay more for a thicker cut.Everything here tasted good, and stood out from other diners. It was not expensive at all. But good food from a small place like that just means a long wait in line to be seated. I think they do take out. So'd recommend take out or showing up early.  But if I had to wait in line again, I would totally do it.
4	Wife took me to breakfast this morning. My daughter told us to try this place. So here we are at around 8:30 AM and the place is busy. Had to wait about 10 minutes for a table...beats waiting an hour on the weekends. If your a twosome, you have a faster chance of getting a table.I had their Salami Scramble with hash browns and sour dough. My wife had the Hog & Chick with home fries and sour dough. The last time I had soppresata salami was when I was a kid. The dish was great as long as you're a salami lover. It just brought back great memories as a teenager in North Beach in San Francisco eating a salami sandwich on a hard roll for lunch. The hash browns were a little over cooked, but hey, they were hash browns.One other thing, the sour dough was actually sliced from a loaf of sour dough bread which came with homemade jam.We will return.
5	Small cute place. Get there early or ull be waiting a long time
5	I arrived in Phoenix from San Francisco and was starving so I Yelp'ed breakfast joints in the area and Matt's Big Breakfast was one of the places with the most quality reviews so I said why not?Upon arriving there were a number of small parties waiting outside so I knew it was going to be a long wait. Me and my sister ended up waiting an hour as the morning Phoenix sun started creeping up on us. We were able to sit at the counter which was awesome because I was able to see Matt cook in the kitchen. I ordered the hog and chick which consisted of scrambled eggs, fat slices of bacon, hash brown and wheat toast. In addition I ordered the orange juice which was freshly squeezed. The toast is freaking amazing! Best toast I've ever had! The homemade jam was tasteful because it didn't taste like the nasty jam you would get at normal diners. The hash brown was perfect! Crispy brown on the top and bottom and juicy in the inside. The hash brown was the best I've had because it wasn't dry which makes eating that much more enjoyable. The bacon... It was freaking delicious! 4 fat slices of bacon. Yum! I rarely finish my breakfast but I surprisingly finished the hog and chick plate at Matt's.I will most definitely be back if I'm ever in then phoenix area. This is the best breakfast joint in Arizona and maybe the west coast. Try it out but beware of the wait.
4	A buddy of mine invited me to breakfast. Payment for fixing his computer. We meet on location and as I pull up, my friend is sitting outside and signals me to park around the back. The back parking lot was full, so I parked on 1 street, having to feed the meter. As I walk up I notice people outside waiting, so I sit on the bench next to my buddy out front for about three minutes when one of the girls calls us, we're next. The place is small and the atmosphere is loud because of the small space, but hey, this is downtown phoenix, who cares. I ordered the triple stack pancakes with a side of sunny side up eggs and a order of bacon. My buddy ordered the Pork Chop breakfast with potatoes. The food was great, all home made. The only thing that bothered me was there was no reg sugar, just brown. Next time I will have to bring my own sweet and low for the coffee. Girls are cute, service was great. I would definitely be coming back.
4	I love this place!  its so small but so cute at the same time. I think nearly everything is homemade which is great! their homemade strawberry jam is delicious!! They have the best pancakes! No syrup needed!  You MUSt get the hashbrowns!! everything tastes so fresh and flavorful. Its one of my favorite breakfast joints. The only reason they didn't get 5 stars from me is because the staff is kind of ALL OVER THE PLACE which tends to get a little annoying. Other than that, no complaints! Go here and BON APETITE!
4	Fate led me to dine at Matt's Big Breakfast yesterday. We drove by this tiny restaurant while on our way to find somewhere to eat brunch. The sign indicated that they are closed on Mondays but we saw people eating inside so we sent a representative to inquire. I should note that the restaurant closes at 2:30pm and we arrived at 2:25. The waitresses were more than happy to serve us even though they were technically not supposed to be open. Score!I ordered the insider burger (not on the menu) and it was honestly one of the best burgers I have ever had! How is this possible, you ask? First off, the meat is cooked in butter. You heard me right. Butter. Second, the burger is topped with 2 eggs AND bacon. As if this weren't enough to convince you, it comes with a side of homemade chips and a pickle. Love it! I didn't even care that my face was covered in egg yolk.If you're more in the mood for breakfast, Matt's has plenty of options. Their breakfast potatoes have the most intense rosemary flavoring, the bacon is thick and tasty and their homemade toast and jam is wonderful. Order anything on the menu and you won't be disappointed. This is a great restaurant with friendly service and awesome food.
5	Very impressed w the food, just know b4 hand the wait was almost and hour long and this was on a Thursday b4 noon. I can see why people will wait. The downfall is that now when I have breakfast, the first thing that I think is "matts, is the best breakfast place I have ever been too" :p Can't wait to be back!Ps Guy from dives and diners was there! :D
5	I've been coming here for a few years now and it is like coming home. I am greeted by name and the food is always great. The owners use local farm ingredients and I feel good supporting local people instead of a nameless, faceless chain restaurant.
4	Yummy hidden gem in downtown Phoenix, though since Food Network has been there, the place has exploded. This is a tiny converted house and boy is it small. The inside is cute though and there are tables packed in along with a counter top bar.The wait is long, and it is also worth it. The best days to go of course are the weekdays. Just avoid the weekend period. Local eggs, cheeses and milk. Local goods in general. The coffee was to die for! Home made jam! Thick cut delicious BACON! Do stop here.
4	This place is always on wait, but well worth your time. After being discovered by Diners, Drive in and Dives, this place is jam packed. I love their pancakes and peppered bacon. MMM...my mouth is watering just thinking about it! Yum!
1	This place has horrible customer service. I had been wanting to try this place for some time. Put my name on the list up front, checked it three times. The third time my name was scratched off. In this hour of waiting I hadn't even been acknowledged. I love small places like this and don't mind waiting, but I would rather drive to Tucson and wait for a table at Franks or BoBos than go back and try this place again. No food is good enough for an hour+ wait and to be forgotten. Again, don't bother.
5	do not be fazed by the massive amount of people waiting outside.  just put your name down on the notepad and make yourself comfortable.  the wait on a Sunday morning was 1 hr, which really is not all that bad.  turnover rate is quite fast.  the breakfast was very good and worth the wait.  i had the pork chop and eggs.  the chop was nicely marinaded and cooked well.  the toast was thick cut, with the right amount of butter (i.e. not soaking wet), and came with good strawberry jam with chunks of strawberries.  amazingly, even though the food looked like greasy diner food, it did not taste greasy!  i think it was the butter that made the difference.  i ate every bite of my breakfast and did not feel overloaded.  service was quick and pleasant although i did have to ask twice for ketchup.  seating will be crowded, but you'll be comfortable enough to enjoy your breakfast.  overall, a very good use of my sunday morning.
4	Long wait (40 minutes) on a Friday morning. Guess it's due to limited seating capacity. But the Five Spot and home fries were delicious!
3	We ate here last weekend and it was nice.  The wait was long but if you've never eaten there it's worth waiting for.  Once you get in there you'll see it's a fun place to be; a combination of hip/50's dinner with real all American food (especially breakfast).  I had the salami and eggs breakfast which was ok.  I thought the salami was way too salty.  The hash browns on the other hand are amazing.  They were made from real potatoes, cooked just right with plenty of grease and I loved every bite!  I also had a cup of coffee that was average at best.  My wife, on the other hand, had a glass of lemonade that was made from scratch and was sweetened with honey which we both thought was awesome.  If you're going to come here bring a small snack you can munch on outside because the wait could be up to an hour and a half.  Best thing is to call before you come and ask how long the wait is.
5	Every Phoenix visit, I make it a point to come to Matt's. BUT... once a year is just not enough. And though my time in Phoenix is always limited, that hour and a half wait for a table is worth the wait every single time.If you're here for breakfast, order the special. You will never be disappointed. It's usually some sort of scramble, with fresh local ingredients. The potatoes with rosemary always hits the spot. Do yourself a favor and get the LARGE freshly squeezed orange juice. The small is a tiny little thing, and if you're gonna spend the money, spend the extra buck and get more.My favorite lunch item is the Rueben. BEST RUEBEN EVER. And I've had my share of reubens. This sandwich is magic in your mouth. The last time I had one, I decided that I also wanted breakfast, so I had them add an over-easy egg in the sandwich. That was heaven in my mouth---- I still dream of that particular sandwich.A majority of the items on the menu are made with local ingredients (jam, bread, and coffee included). The service is ALWAYS fast and friendly. And as tiny as the place is, they turn tables quickly and keep everything immaculately clean.I love Matts. Best breakfast in the entire state of Arizona. Oh yeah. I just said that. And I meant it.
4	Thick bacon. A bit pricy, but good food
5	I had heard about this place since I moved here 3 years ago... But had been detoured by the long wait that comes with the fantastic reputation.I had some friends in town.. we ventured down there. We waited 45 minutes. We weren't expecting anything great by that point, but were committed to trying it.The gave us menus in line & took our order, so that when we sat down finally, our food & drink followed immediately.As doubtful as we were after standing that long, I have to say it was worth every minute. Down to the coffee, everything was spectacular. I ordered the special, steak and eggs. BEST BREAKFAST EVER!Like me, don't wait so long to try it and don't be discouraged by the long lines. It is phenomenal.
5	When I used to live in Phoenix I would be here a majority of my mornings! The Staff is so friendly and the food is high quality. I always stick with the classic bacon and eggs with some coffee, but I've had friends get the sausauge and steak which I tasted to make sure it wasn't poison...and I haven't tried anything that wasn't good! Part of what makes this place so good is the atmosphere. A tiny, trailer-esque diner? Sign me up! If there is a wait they usually have some water or lemonade to sip on while you wait....but the table turnover isn't too long, so it's nothing to complain about.
1	Seriously, what the fuck are you people waiting in those long ass lines for?  Did I miss something?  Are they giving handies in the restroom... wait... do they even have a restroom?It's so small, it's impossible to not have people in your personal bubble and who wants strangers breathing on them when they're trying to eat?  The servers are these bitchy girls that argue with each other and one looked so dirty I wanted to squirt her with my hand sanitizer each time she passed by me.  The food - it's a normal breakfast.  Nothing about the meal made me think I was having something special.  Yes, the bacon was good but really, have you ever had bad bacon?  They don't have fountain drinks, just canned RC so I stuck to coffee.
4	Food was great. Eggs were perfect, delicious pancakes. Very nice servers. Not worth the wait in the summer months. We sat/stood in 90 degree weather for 45 min with minimal shade and seating. No waiting room inside. I'd go again when it cools off
3	Disappointing.  I have been hearing about this restaurant for YEARS and was really disappointed.  While the quality of the food was exceptional, the dining experience was marginal.  Difficult to hear, too much traffic, too small of a location.  Clearly, this is an acquired taste by a loyal group of patrons.  Glad they use cage-free eggs!
5	Best breakfast I've ever had. It's worth the wait.
3	Finally made my way down to this place.  Was avoiding it because of the long wait everyone talks about but I had more time on my hands today so decided to give it a try.  Arrived around 12p on a Sunday and we were seated in about 45 min (party of 2- apparently, parties of 2 or 3 get seated the quickest).  Th wait wasn't so bad being that we found so shade and I had my phone to keep me occupied.  The hostess was very friendly.  The place is small.The menu was a lot smaller than I expected.  For breakfast dishes, there were about 5-7 egg dish choices and a handful of other choices.  I opted for the griddlecakes and my husband ordered an omelette w/ cheddar, sausage and mushrooms.  He had coffee and I had the honey lemonade.  The lemonade was very refreshing, fresh squeezed and just the right sweetness.  As far as the food goes, it was good.  The sausage has a nice spice to it, the griddlecakes were light and fluffy, the strawberry jam and toast were yummy and the omelette was tasty.  My hubs ordered the hashbrowns with his dish and he prob should have gotten the home fries b/c they looked a lot better (based on the table next to us).I give it 3 stars b/c it's just good fresh food and, for the most part, cooked well (the hashbrowns were a litte more greasy than I prefer).  I don't know if I would go through the long wait for it in the future.  Coming from San Diego (Hash House, the Mission) and LA (The Griddle), it's missing something more unique to make it worth the wait.  I've waited 60-90 min for those places.  Def give it a try if you've never been.
5	All I can say is if you are in the Phoenix area this is a must!
2	Overpriced is my first thought. Overall our food was good and service was friendly and all but I wasn't going "wow" because of the price. I don't mind paying for large portions or something super good but $7.50 for a couple pancakes is too much for my retired wallet.
5	This place is your typical American diner. Great hash browns, their jalepeno scramble is super good. Fresh squeezed OJ and their bread with their home made fresh blueberry jam was delicious! I will bring my boyfriend here before I leave AZ.
2	I will not be back. Yes, the food is very very good... but it is not the best breakfast I've ever had. We waited outside for an hour.  There are only two umbrellas for shade and this morning, there was no water in the jug.    The service could not have been worse--everyone seemed slow and apathetic. When we were finally seated, we were placed on stools in the window where tourists were taking pictures of us eating/the inside.  If you need to use the restroom, they send you to the hotel next door.
5	I was afraid this place would be overrated, because most breakfast places are. I usually think, how hard is it to cook up some eggs? and most places can't cook pancakes and waffles better than my mom. I was very wrong, this place was so, so, sooooo good. I had the salami egg scramble with hash browns, everything was cooked perfectly. The toast that came with fresh preserves and butter was amazing! My husband had the waffle with REAL maple syrup (a requirement in my mind) and sorry mom, but this one was actually better than yours. With the waffle came a side of the thickest, most flavorful bacon I've ever had. I would come back here for the bacon alone! This place is well worth the wait.
3	Perhaps if I waited outside in the heat for an hour plus to the point that I became starved and dehydrated, I too would have thought Matt's was worthy of 5 stars. Or maybe the 5 star reviews come from people too ashamed to admit that they wasted most of their morning on a very average breakfast.In my case, we came here before 7am on a Friday and got the last available seats by the window. Service was great; I didn't detect any attitudes from the waitstaff that has been mentioned in some reviews. They got our meal out quickly and made sure our coffee mugs never got empty.With the exception of the toast and jam, the food never rose above "good." Isn't that pretty sad that the best offering from a breakfast diner is the bread? I liked my waffle since it was a bit crisper than what I can do at home with my geriatric waffle iron, but there was nothing noteworthy about the flavor. My husband said his eggs were cooked perfectly with his chop and chick dish, but the pork chop was under-seasoned. He found the hashbrowns way too greasy to be enjoyable, and the bacon suffered from being overcooked.Maybe we're spoiled since we have two great breakfast places within walking distance (Joe's Farm Grill and the Coffee Shop). Matt's just isn't worth the drive or wait.
5	I've never eaten in but we've ordered takeout many many times from here - but the place is very small so if you're going to eat here there's usually a wait. I think it would be worth it though! This is the BEST breakfast place. Their menu is very small and they do have some "lunch" items but I will never stray from their awesome omelets! The home fries and hash browns are both delicious, and they always have a special that's super yummy.
4	Get the Hog and the Chick! No wait... The Chop and the chick...NOOO, get the special! Ok. Just get it all!! Thick cut bacon, fresh squeezed orange juice, crispy has browns, fresh preserves on sourdough toast.  Oh man, is this place good. Yes, you might have to wait a while to get seated in this TINY place, but it is worth it! The service is very friendly and very quick.  I enjoy sitting along the window with their cute little knick knacks.  I hear the lunch menu is just as good at breakfast, but I have yet to try.  I honestly wish this place was open for dinner..."brinner" is my favorite meal! ;-)
5	i love dives, this joint did not disappoint. Nom nom nom nom nom....
5	Matt's Big Breakfast should be at the top of anyone's Phoenix "Must" list. All of the food is locally sourced and served up so fresh you really can taste it. Everything from their kick ass bacon to their bread to their coffee and juice will knock your socks off with their freshness. It is no surprise that even on a summer's day people sit outside in the heat and wait for a table.I'm surprised by comments about the service here because all of the girls came out to check on those of us waiting outside and even took our orders in advance so they would be prepared the moment we were seated. Everyone working there was very sweet.My last visit was a sad one however because I was suffering from a brief but very severe hangover (what I like to call an Express Hangover) that was so bad all I could manage was a few sips of juice and coffee. If Matt's is in the future I have to make it a point to behave myself the night before because passing up such a great breakfast is a crime in this Yelper's book!
4	Matt's Big Breakfast is a nice, quaint little breakfast joint that does breakfast very well. A friend and I came here this morning and we were very much pleased with the food, the atmosphere, and the service.We both ordered the day's special. It was a apple sausage scramble with spinach, a helping of hash browns, and some toast. Everything about the dish was very well done. The eggs were scrambled just right so that they were buttery, a lil creamy, and very fluffy. The apple sausage was just alright. It wasn't bursting with flavor and could've used a lil more heat or smokiness or something. The hash browns are worth raving about though. The top layer of hash browns were crazy crispy which is always a good thing. But beneath the crust were some great gooey gluey but not soggy potatoes that perfectly complimented the crisp of the outside. The crisp:gooey ratio was flawless!Even the toast was fantastic. Went with sourdough. Always do and forever will. The jam was made with fresh berries. The toast was thick and well-buttered. Went great with the freshly made jam.All-in-all it was a good breakfast experience. It wasn't the best breakfast in the world. It wasn't super phenomenal or mind-blowing. But it was certainly above average so I'll give it 4 stars.
5	In town to visit some family.  This spot is great!  very small seat area.  The food is amazing.  I had the pork chop, Yum! Kids had the waffles.  Honestly the best things i tasted were the bacon and the pancake.  Staff was very helpful considering my family put them through their paces ( not taking them again - they don't deserve it).
4	So my hubby and I found ourselves in this area and the first place on my yelp search is this one... and we may had not paid much attention to it, but it sounded like a place a friend had just mentioned a few days back so we decided to try it...You know those little things that set a place apart from the others? this one is full of those! the tap water tastes good, the glasses are quaint and beautiful. The home potatoes had tasty herbs, I ordered eggs and pork chop and the pork chop seemed to have something like pesto. The Wheat bread was better than I ever had, and instead of jelly, real blueberries... I could go on and on. Yes, the place is tiny, and perhaps a little pricey, but I think it is worth it. Service was great too. And since we were there at the right time, we didn't have to wait to be seated, neither had trouble parking. Good luck and enjoy.
1	The one star review is because having to wait in the heat totally ruined the whole meal. Seeing there were over 600 yelp reviews, I was expecting to wait. However, if you are successful enough to have a long wait for your restaurant, you should provide something to keep the waiting customers cool. Misters maybe? Maybe expand to have a foyer? We waited in the 100+ heat for 40+ minutes. They have a list outside you write your name on so no one is there to tell you how long your wait will be. They provide minimal seating and no misters. There's some ice water with oranges to drink with tiny dixie cups (the kind the dentist provides to swish with). By the time we had our pre-order (where they take your order 10 minutes before they seat you so you don't take up a table too long), I wasn't very hungry and definitely didn't want hot eggs.  After finally getting seated, we immediately have hot plates set down in front of us. I ordered the BLT (again, I did NOT want eggs when I was so hot!) and it just wasn't that good. Way too much crusty bread that scratched the roof of my mouth. The three people I was with ordered scrambles and said they were nothing they couldn't get elsewhere. The bacon and the waffles were very good. The wait staff was very friendly and apologetic but it's not their fault and there's nothing they can say to make up for being terribly uncomfortable.
4	There is no "big breakfast". Matt told me himself. What you will get is a delicious, fresh, locally grown breakfast served by really nice people. Line was super long and I thought servings were average so I gave it three stars. Really nice place and I definately recommend it.
4	I really enjoyed this place when I went a few weeks ago.  I hear that there is usually a long wait to get in, when I went I was lucky enough to only wait about 5 minutes before there was a table ready for us, but then again I went at 11 am on a Tuesday so I think that helped a bit.  I went on the advice of a family member.  What I wish had been mentioned was the process of how you put your name in for a table.  There is a notebook outside the front door where you write your name and the number of people in your party on.  The coffee i had was AMAZING, and it set high expectations for the meal which were definitely met.  I had a special for that day (egg scramble with artichoke chicken sausage and gruyere cheese I believe) with sourdough toast and a side of the homefries.  I would eat this meal again in a heartbeat.  Everything was incredibly fresh down to the homemade strawberry jam.  This is a place I definitely want to go back to.
5	It's everything the more flattering reviews say and more - including the wait outdoors. Mine was during a rare Arizona downpour, but even so, it was well worth it.  I waited about half an hour, sharing an umbrella with strangers.  When it was time to be seated, I was asked "are you ready, honey?" by a woman who might have been half my age, if that.  Even though the place was cramped and extremely busy, all of the staff were friendly and accommodating.  Not long after being seated, I was poured the first of what turned out to be four cups of delicious, freshly-ground coffee, at which time my order was also taken.  I had the special - 3 scrambled eggs with locally-raised ham, roasted red peppers, and provolone cheese.  It arrived promptly, and was savored thoroughly.  I'm leaving Phoenix in less than 48 hours, but I'm definitely planning a return visit.
5	Wow great breakfast spot. My friends recommended going after seeing it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives on the food network and we were not disappointed. Being the norcal gal I am I called and asked if the line was hella long... the gal on the phone mentioned that around 12:30-1pm the line calms down. We got there and were seated immediately. Bonus points for having ice cold water outside too. This place was perfect for recovering after the previous nights drink fest. I had the Five Spot with hash browns and it was amazing. My entire group agreed I picked the best thing off the menu. When I'm back in Phoenix I will be back for the Five Spot again..
4	I just went to Phoenix for the first time this past week, and one of the must stop places on my list was this restaurant: Matt's Big Breakfast. This place has been featured on Dinners, Drive-Ins, and Dives on the Food Network. On the third day of our trip, my husband and I went here, despite warnings from my cousin that the wait could take hours. Fortunately for us, we only waited twenty minutes. Upon entering this tiny retro diner, I ordered the special, an egg scramble with thick bacon, fontina cheese, and baby spinach in it. This was accompanied by hash browns, homemade bread and homemade jam. I was very pleased with my choice of meals, it was awesome!! My husband ordered the Hog and Chick. This is a meal that comes with two eggs any style, ham, fresh bread and jam, as well as a choice of hash browns or potatoes. My husband said the ham was incredibly delicious. I tried the potatoes with fresh rosemary and liked those even more than my hash browns. Both of our meals were around $8.00 each. There were not too expensive and they kept us full all day.Despite working in tight quarters, the waiters and waitresses were friendly and helpful.Because our overall experience was so good, my husband and I returned here the morning we left for the airport. This time we both had the hog and chick. It was just as good as what I ordered previously. I highly recommend this sweet little joint in the heart of the southwest!!
4	While visiting Phoenix for a family reunion: we saw this breakfast spot had more reviews than any other spot. It's bright, cozy& the staff is super dooper friendly. The bacon! Oh my bacon. I had a Blt w/pesto instead of mayo. The mixed berry honey lemonade was yummy! Annnd Chelsea, ridiculously sweet & full of charm. Awesome service! So awesome, that I left my new sunglasses at the table and she came chasing us out to give them to me. It's only 4 stars because I wish their menu was a tad more extensive.
5	While I have raved about this place in the past, I wanted to once again extol the virtues and, more importantly, the family feel of this place. Ernie lights up the room with her smile. Once that happens, the coffee is served, and the service begins then the rest of the breakfast is just a wonderful continuation. Peg and I went for my birthday (actually, we try to extend family occasions so that we can visit the family of chefs with whom we have grown since we moved here in '97). The OJ was fresh, the specials are always superb, and there is a continuity in the kitchen that virtually assures that the quality will be stellar.  We can't wait for the new addition this month, and Peg and I always will support Matt, Ernie, and of course Christopher!  Dr. B
3	Googled best breakfast in Phoenix and this place  popped up, saw Guy F's review from April this year and it was good so we gave it a try this morning. It is easy to miss because it is so small. It had awesome service, was very fresh and tasty but disappointed because they only have RC Cola ( no refills) and not a huge menu but overall it was good. The special was awesome with home fries, around $8, my son got the waffle ( only get 1) with 2 bacon for around 8-9$ and my husband got 3 pancakes for about 9$ as well. You only get a small amount of syrup so an extra side is $1.50 ( too pricy for 3 pancakes). Bill was $28.00 and I think too much for what we got. The food was good, had to give it a try. Would never wait for more then a few minutes to eat there.
4	Such incredible breakfast! It loses one star because of the waiting time, expect to wait an hour, but the farmers market is across the street on Saturday so just tell them you'll be there when you put in your name and problem solved! Pancakes are huge and delicious and everything else is up to par :)
5	What a simple breakfast menu and yet the food taste nowhere near simple! There was just something about the food that made it one of the best breakfasts I have ever had!!
4	Beginning the day as I do most, with a morning run well before the sun is up, the first stop on this 6-stop tour would be downtown - a place I've now discovered to be devoid of most signs of human life on a Saturday...except for a small parcel of land at 801 North 1st Street entitled "Matt's Big Breakfast" where a line of thirty or so was already waiting for the approximately 20 seats inside.  Having heard of the nearly decade old establishment owned and operated by Matt Pool during my first visit to Phoenix but unable to make it downtown before ten on any day during that trip (when lines reportedly top two hours despite triple digit temperatures) I have to admit that I really had not anticipated the line to be so long at 6:55am and for a moment I contemplated heading elsewhere, but with my books in hand and nothing better to do my curiosity won out and I added my name to the paper list and took a seat in the rapidly dissipating shade.Sitting and reading while a pair of ASU students talked about having seen Matt's on (presumably a repeat) of Diners, Dives, and Drive-Ins the previous night I tried to ignore them (and Guy Fiere's existence in general) while a few people trickled out of the restaurant and with my name at least ten parties down on the list I was surprised when it was called - the solo diner benefit, it seems, landing me an end seat on the counter only fifteen minutes after I arrived and given the expedient service at Matt's a fortuitous happening that had me leaving the restaurant before the aforementioned students had even entered the doors.Seated at the counter with a menu I'd already memorized in hand and a daily special that held little interest I perused the interior - small, stark, but efficient and exceptionally clean - before my server filled my water glass, offered me coffee, and fielded a pair of questions prior to taking my order and handing it over to the kitchen less than five feet away.  With the space tight and my location literally on the verge of the kitchen and the pass it would not be long before my coffee was filled - a single pour that I subsequently sent back due to a combination of thin mouth-feel, acrid flavor, and no artificial sweetener - and even less time before my stool would be bumped into for the first of thirty times...to say the least this is not a place I'd choose to linger.Seated and watching the action of the kitchen as plate after plate came through the window and regular after regular chatted with Matt's wife at the cash register it would not be long before my order would arrive and with the restaurant's strong dedication to local/organic/fresh sourcing the items that were presented quickly made me realize why so many people deal with long waits and less-than-comfortable seating to experience Matt's Big Breakfast - the food is really quite excellent, beginning first with a perfect hotcake served with pure maple syrup and far too much (or perhaps just the right amount of) butter for $2.75.Moving from the dainty golden flapjack to something more substantial, my second dish would actually consist of two plates and four items in the form of "The Chop & Chick" - an $8.95 breakfast comprised of a Pan Seared Iowa Pork Rib Chop with 2 Poached Eggs, Hash Browns, and Whole grain Toast with Blueberry Rhubarb Jam.  Apparently their most 'famous' dish it is a little difficult to decide which aspect of the plate was the best considering the quality of perfectly poached eggs (something even good restaurants tend to overcook,) crisp yet buttery potatoes and lightly herbed juicy pork chop but in the end I think I would have to give the nod to the toast - hand cut thick, rife with seeds and a rich earthiness, and topped with house made preserves featuring what seemed to be no sugar at all but rather the essence of blueberries with a slight savoriness from the rhubarb...a strong contender for best jam/preserves I've ever encountered and reason enough to revisit Matt's when it moves to its new digs a few doors down (and hopefully decreases wait times and seat bumps...and perhaps finds a coffee roaster whose beans better compliment the quality of the food.)
5	Great Food. Great Coffee. Great Service. Amazing Hash-browns! Can't wait to go back.
3	I don't see what the hype is about. Food was good, bacon was incredible but I won't make the 20 minute drive back and 20-30 minute wait to eat there again. Also, not a good spot to bring kids.
5	An absolutely wonderful breakfast.  I had the special...hot peppers with scrambled eggs.  Couldn't have been better.  Matt's Big Breakfast is a small spot, but I understand they are moving to bigger quarters.
4	Yes, you have to wait a long time to eat here... I came to Matt's on a Saturday with a friend and we waitedddddddd, but boy was it worth it. It could just be that I was just THAT hungry and anything I ate at that point was going to be amazing, but I'd like to think it was because the food wasn't some greasy no flavor mess you get at iHOP or god forbid...Denny's. They use fresh ingredients and they have REAL butter on their pancakes and waffles!!!! btw...the waffles are like....how do I put this?.... Waffle heaven! When they offer you the home fries or the hash browns, say home fries! and I only say that because I have not tasted the hash browns and I think the home fries are amazing! The home fries are potatoes made in buttery goodness, rosemary, and onions (not over-onion-baring at all). The freshly squeezed orange juice is tiny but it is sooo worth the $2.50 for those exquisite 6 sips! Staff was very attentive and friendly, the hostess was apologizing to everyone for the wait... and I think she really meant it :)
4	http://stevelerer.comI traveled to Phoenix only a few days away from the LA marathon in March and was determined to start carbo loading early. My first stop was Matt's Big Breakfast, a place I had patroned back in 2010. That time I ordered the item that Guy tried on triple D and it was really good. He ordered the chop and the chick which was a pork chop and two fried eggs. It was delicious, with a great pesto topping, I only wished I could have had more pesto but they may have given it to me if I had asked.The restaurant is small usually with a 10 minute wait even for one person. I didn't mind and hung out with the locals for a little bit before I was able to sit at the bar. The decor and ambiance is not much different than most other small breakfast spots but it is clean and welcoming. The staff was nice and took my order quickly and it was only a short while before my order of the hog and the chick was in front of me. Placed at my spot of the counter was beautifully cooked think cut peppered bacon, crispy hashbrowns, and two perfectly cooked over medium eggs. Everything on the plate was cooked really well and was a perfect breakfast. The eggs were right under medium which is where I like them and the hashbrowns were crunchy and crispy on the outside while still creamy on the inside. Somewhat like a potato latke, just without all the onion. By far the star on the plate was the think cut bacon. Sometimes when a restaurant says that the bacon is think cut it really isn't and other times it is so thick that it comes out uncooked. Matt's got it just right and peppered right to the edge of too much. Just where I like it. I could have eaten platefuls of this stuff, if only they were in LA at the end of the marathon.The last thing in my order was the real reason I returned to Matt's. Each breakfast arrives with a side of bread of which you have a few options. Bread aside, the start was the strawberry jam they served on the side. The jam is without a doubt the best thing in the restaurant. It is super sweet with chunks of fruit inside. It has so much flavor in such a simple concoction, I could eat a jar of it. Too bad they only give you about two ounces. I wonder if they bottle and sell it because I would buy.All in all Matt's Big Breakfast is a really solid breakfast joint in downtown Phoenix. No wonder it always has a wait. The peppered bacon was delicious and the rest of the meal was nothing to scoff at but, in the end, I would come here every time I visit Phoenix just for the strawberry jam. Check out Matt's Big Breakfast the next time you are in town and let me know what you think.Overall Review: 7/10
5	Num num num its Bacon. Great breakfast. I had the waffle with Bacon and sausage. I saw this place on DDD and had to make the trip.  It was really busy and they do not have a lot of seating so be prepared to wait 15 - 20 mins on the weekend.  It doesn't sound like much but I went there early and hungry.A must for Breakfast when you are in the area.
4	YUMMMMMM!!  Had the days special scramble: sausage w peppers w hashbrowns; just perfect w a crispy crust & perfect inside not mushy. BF had Chick n Chop. I'm not a fan of pork chops but thaws were flavorful, tender and just super yum!  My only gripe is that I ordered fresh, i got a bout 6oz,  for $2.75 yikes!!!Caution it can get crowded and its a pretty small location. But I think it was good, luckily we only waited 15 min but locals say sometimes it can be pretty long
4	Great food staff great only thing we could add is the water be filtered.
5	My favorite breakfast place for breakfast. Try the hog and chick . Daily specials are sure to please
5	They have a new location just up the street from the old one and this one has BATHROOMS - YEAH!!Food here is AS GOOD AS IT GETS, you can't find better food in this town AT ANY PRICE.  We are huge fans, love that BIG BUTTER BURGER and the GRIDDLE CAKES.  We drive 100 miles round trip to get this food and it's WORTH it.Congrats, Erenia and Matt - LOVE the new place!
5	Like the new place!! Like the brick wall!!
2	This place came highly recommended.  Perhaps my expectations were too high.They have a boring, uninspired menu. Nothing special. The food itself was fine.  It was fresh, and they apparently use all-natural organics.  We had the special Denver scramble. The home fries are chunks of pan-fried potato. Lots of rosemary.  But the flavors just weren't very exciting or bold.The strawberry preserves were very good, as was thick cut toast.  Yes, the toast is worth mentioning.  Cut thick, toasted to perfection.  And the bread itself is a really good bread.I doubt I will return.  If I'm going to go out for breakfast I would choose someplace that features bolder flavors, like The Farmhouse in Gilbert.My wife liked it better than I did.  It's really not bad, but if I'm going to go out and pay for a meal I prefer something less pedestrian.
3	This is the type of restaurant you only go to once.I have now been there twice - once at the old location, once at the new one.The reason you only go there once?HOLY WAIT TIME, batman.I'm sorry, but there has to be a way to make the seating more efficient.  When you're hungry, there's nothing worse than 30-60 minute wait times, or a giant party of 15 people who arrive later than you do and they get to "squeeze in". Although Matt's has just upgraded to a new, bigger space, this still isn't the type of restaurant that should be accommodating 15-person groups (AKA almost the entire dining area).We went here for my husband's birthday on a Friday morning. After waiting about 45 minutes, we were next on the list but got bumped to the uncomfortable street-facing counter seats, when at that very moment there were three empty two-top tables, completely set with silverware and everything. We asked if we could be seated there instead, but were turned down by the host, because they were being reserved for the aforementioned party. My husband was having trouble with knee pain that morning and the counter seats did not physically accommodate his needs, so we asked our waitress if there was anywhere else we could sit. Again, we were turned down. I was getting a little flustered, not the way you want to feel on your loved one's birthday. We considered leaving, even after we ordered our food. Eventually, they did allow us to sit at a two-top, which I appreciated.The food was the only redeeming quality, but again I was too flustered to truly enjoy it. I got the cheese omelette with hash browns. Very good, although hash browns were a greasy, mushy mess. My husband got a ham scramble of some kind. We had a side of rye toast, which was tasty. Beverages were served in cute little jam jars.PROS:Food, Decor, Charm, Ambience, Supporting a local endeavorCONS:The most hyper-inflated wait time and some of the worst seating options of any restaurant I've ever known.The take-out option sounds nice, and would eliminate a lot of my frustrations.
4	Bacon O' Bacon!!! This place was one of those random "let's see what's good in this area" excursions. WOW. I was excited by the reviews and the fact that it was featured on DDD (secret foodie mission of mine is to try EVERYTHING on DDD). Well, it was worth the wait and had the best bacon I have ever tried! They were quick and attentive once inside. HOWEVER, I did wait for over an HOUR on a half broken milk crate I turned up-side down, outside in the JULY 100+ degree weather. They had one bench that seated four with some shade and the rest were out in the open. They do have a crowd and I understand a wait for good food but, it was uncomfortable. They also have an honor system scratch pad under a paper weight, that is barely monitored and I saw a few people try to sneak their names on! Thankfully, people who are hungry are ruthless and they didn't get very far! A hostess would help IMMENSELY or a police officer in case a fight breaks out ;)... OVER ALL- once I was inside, it was a good experience, fresh food, cozy atmosphere and great service!
4	This was the first time I had gone to Matt's Big Breakfast. I had heard some amazing things about it, outside of the fact that the wait times were horrendous, due to the fact that their original location was SO small. Low and behold, they opened up a second location, more than twice the size of their original one (still pretty small to be honest), so we HAD to try it. We arrived at 7am on a Saturday morning, thinking we'd have NO issues getting in THAT early. We were wrong. We waited an hour or so... it could have been a longer wait though since our whole party didn't show up til 7:15ish. After the long anticipated wait, we finally ordered! Let me just mention, you really can't substitute or make many changes, if any, to your order. I ordered pancakes and wanted some blueberries, but was told no, lol. Regardless, the pancakes were super delicious! And they came with real maple syrup. Side note... use the syrup sparingly, asking for any extra will cost you an additional $1.50 :POn another note, I heard their eggs benedict was AMAZING! Sadly, it's only a special and it wasn't on the day I went. I may just have to go again to try it!
5	Very much appreciate the new space with bathrooms and room to move. And also happy that the food quality was not impacted the slightest. The wait makes it all the better. And that strawberry lemonade?! Whoo, tasty. Just lighten up on the ice! But for those who are looking for veggie options, they have a lil' bit, particularly the standard omelet with cheese. Would like to see a bit more variety without the meat. Otherwise great work.
3	Saw this establishment on Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives. Guy Fieri was raving about his termed out of bounds breakfast choices. Matt appeared very courteous. Not as good as they say. They are all right. The reason is there's always a line is because this place is so darn tiny. Didn't have a restroom available... What's up with that? Will admit the service was efficient.
5	The food at Matt's was delicious!  Went there on Thursday and got there around 10 and only waited 5 minutes.  I had the pork chop which comes with eggs, potatoes, and toast.  My son had the waffle with bacon. I also ordered a side of bacon so I could try it as we'll.  It was all delicious.  The food was very flavorful and well seasoned.  My son is 10 years old and is a picky eater.  He loved the waffle and ate almost his whole plate.I will definitely be back!
5	I don't normally like to share reviews without giving some critique for improvement. So... Matt's Big Breakfast- amazing food, delicious, flavorful. My girlfriend and I went suedo-hungry, the wait as we knew and expected was long and limited with seating, but totally worth it. Blythe time western sat, very hungry. We tore over the menu and order the Five Spot sandwich and the special. Both of us agreed we've never had a more delicious breakfast! Honestly was expecting a little letdown, but didn't. Awesome spot, will recommend to anyone with taste buds and time to relax. No wonder Guy Fieri came here!!!
4	Big. Big might be a bit of an understatement when describing this place. The portions are HUGE. I ordered the 3 egg omelette with salami, which also came with hash browns and toast. The 3 eggs was more like 4. Half the plate was eggs/salami, the other half was hash browns. Then she brought the toast out, with a homemade jam. Then I had the nerve to order a side of bacon. *sidenote* the bacon was 3 thick strips sprinkled in pepper. When I bit into that first piece, the amalgamation of pepper, maple and succulent pig meat did a slow sensual tango with my tongue. I immediately looked around to see if anyone else was having this same experience. Yes. I was not the only one. Bacon. Get it. *end sidenote*There was so much food I had to map out a quick strategy. Started with the bacon. (BACON. GET IT) then dove into the eggs which was very good. The hash browns were on point, and the jam was very good. The only reason I didn't give me a 5 is because of the wait. This is a popular spot, so be prepared to wait about 45 min. The place isn't that big, so we waited out front for just about 45. The wait was def worth it.
5	if u want awsome pancakes... then come here.. but,get ready to wait for a table,and wait outside in the heat for 40mins!!! but,worth all the wait!!!
5	First time here. I've heard great things about this place since I've lived in Arizona. Let's just say, my expectations were exceeded. The bacon and toast are out of this world. Add the simplicity of the menu and the local feel to the place, and you get the best breakfast in the Valley.
4	It's good food.
5	Fantastic breakfast and very good service. The cafe is also very clean. Can't wait to come back and try something new.
1	I'm not sure why everyone loves this place.  Maybe it's the gigantic portions of meat they serve.  I was not impressed by the veggie section of the menu...oh wait, there's not one...and no, I don't like oatmeal or f-ing grapefruit for breakfast.  ick.  I've waited in line once--that'll be enough for me, Matt.
5	This place is awesome!!!  I am a die-hard fan of Robert's in Tucson but this is the first place that gives them a run for their money.  Homemade thick slabs of bread served with fresh strawberry jam and an egg scramble with spinach and havarti = breakfast heaven.  This place is tiny and I'm sure gets packed as we went on a Tuesday morning and there was a small wait but it's so worth it!
4	Went to Matt's after checking on Yelp when we landed at Phoenix airport.  It seemed like a nice place to eat based on the reviews.The restaurant is very small and located on an unassuming street corner just south of downtown.  Free parking is difficult to find so bring change for parking meters that are in abundance.  We arrived at around 9 in the morning and it was already warm, and yes there is a wait outside.  There is also not much shade other than a couple of umbrellas and the overhang.  I can't imagine really long waits.  By the way, don't go inside to sign up.  You put your name on a note pad outside of the door and they'll come out to get you when it is your turn.  Our wait on an off-day was about 15-20 minutes.  (Update:  Looks like they have moved).The room for us inside was counter-seating next to the register.  It was a tad bit cramped and we didn't have a lot of space to wiggle since we were dealing with servers passing by us constantly.  The service was attentive and pleasant.  All the servers seemed like they were college co-eds but they did not lack any kind of customer service quality.  They buzzed around with purpose and had no problems with menus, rude customers, or getting around the cramped quarters of the establishment.  The food is excellent.  We shared a three egg omelet with chicken apple sausage and local hot peppers that was one of the best I've tasted.  The pancakes were fluffy and delicious, and the side of pepper bacon complemented everything perfectly.  The star of the meal is the home fries; an amalgamation of potatoes, buttery goodness, and rosemary.  They are scrumptious beyond belief.  Overall the experience at Matt's was excellent, and maybe the new building will allow for better parking and less wait time.  And while the food was outstanding, the conditions for waiting, the parking, and the cramped spaces inside only warrant 4 stars.
1	I was sooooo disappointed!  I really cannot rate the food as I never got to eat. I live in Tucson and my family is mostly in the east  valley of Phoenix and I have been waiting for 2 years to go into downtown and eat at Matt's. I go and put my name on the waiting list. Other parties of 2 come after me and the guy kept sitting people that had been there for 20-30 minutes and I had been waiting exactly 1 hour. What really upset me is that I saw him seat 3 people at tables for 2 and when I walked in said he couldn't sit 3 there when there were others seated that way (i think he knew them).  I am truly disappointed as I've been waiting like I said for "2" years to eat there. If you have a party of more than 2, like a mere 3, you'll wait forever!
4	The first few times I went to Matt's was at the old location and I instantly fell in love.  Cozy, friendly staff and bomb a$$ food! I mean that bacon, come on!   Everything I ate was always delicious and I loved that everything was made fresh and bought local, it shows in the quality even if it is only breakfast.  Unfortunately I wasn't so impressed with the food at their new location.  Maybe I just went on an off day?! Brought a few friends with me too who have never been and got tired of me raving about the food.  Sad to say that none of them were impressed and a few said they'd probably never go back :(  Please Matt, if you have changed anything since switching locations please stop! I loved you so very much before and now it may be a while before returning again....maybe
5	We went early, 8am on a Sunday for breakfast.  There was a 5 minute wait (although they don't quote wait times), and we sat at the bar counter.  The coffee was delicious, as was the daily lemonade.  We ordered an egg special with country sausage patties, homefries, and toast.  My husband is a huge sausage fan, and he thought it was very good.  The bacon was delish, and the pancakes were simply but fluffy and flavorful.  We will be back, but we will go early because by the time we left, there was a very lengthy wait.
5	Awesome toast. Awesome waffles. Awesome coffee. The bacon wasn't crispy, but everything else was so awesome it didn't matter. New, bigger location. Highly recommend!
5	Love the breakfast here!
5	Here with friends. 1:10 wait, YES the new bigger place. But worth the wait. Pancakes Excellent, Omlette fantastic!!
2	The menu is pretty lameski if you don't go in for a lot of meat.  Here's my problem with Matt's: if you order the cheese omelet and have their paltry selection of veggies added to it, you're paying more than you would for a meat omelet.  That's pretty stupid; meat costs more than vegetables, and is a bigger deal to store and prep.  How hard is it to offer a reasonable vegetarian option?  I've eaten there twice for breakfast and lunch, and quality each time was middling.  The hashbrowns were not good, really slimy and squishy on the inside.  Not worth the wait.
5	I loved this place. The wait was bearable because of my company. If you have the right mate you can withstand any wait,. The food was outstanding the service was awesome and the coffe is from the C-4 coffee house in cave creek way cool! I will be back soon, Matty!
5	I ADORE this place. Matt's has been a staple breakfast, brunch, whatever place for me since I moved to Downtown 5 years ago. They just moved to a great place up the street (where Verde used to be for locals) with more room so now everything isn't so crammed! Not that we all didn't enjoy their original house, this one just says, "I'm still awesome, I just stepped up a notch." Everything is delicious. I love their 5 Spot, the waffles are great, and their lunch specials are always amazing. If you like jelly - try their homemade stuff. Try the bacon.
5	What I Ate- waffle- bacon- 2 scrambled eggs- hashbrowns- glass of milkWould I Go Again?Yes--I had a fantastic breakfast at Matt's.  I asked the waitress what are the most popular items on the menu, and one of the items she listed was the waffle.  The waffle was so good!  The batter was great, it was cooked perfectly, and the sweet cream butter and maple syrup completed the waffle's deliciousness.  The hashbrowns are my all-time favorite hashbrowns!  No competition.  The eggs were good (hard to go wrong with scrambled eggs), and the thick bacon was delicious.  Big thanks to Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives for helping me find this little gem in Phoenix!
3	I love Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives and it's been a personal quest to try the restaurants on Guy's shows. Matt's Big breakfast was one of those places. By the sight of the long line outside the restaurant at 1230, I had big hopes for this place! We sat down and were greeted with water from a waitress who was dressed for the gym or a booty dance in her too short too tight too small shorts. The meal-1) breakfast sandwich. Very tasty! The peppered bacon made the dish.2) famous has browns- crispy outside but the inside was a mushy mash consistency3) griddle cakes- fluffy and light, but nothing to write home about. Service- we asked one of the waiters for an extra plate to share. He brought one with dried omelet residue on, put it on our table, saw the same leftover meal we saw, then proceeded to scrap it off with his nail, then put it back on our table. I didn't know what to do but laugh at the awkward experience, at which the same waiter rushed back and asked if that plate was okay. Oh boy...Overall good but wouldn't wait again for it
3	My fellow downtowners may chastise me for giving Matt's a so-so rating, but I have good reason.I've frequented the spot for breakfast since moving downtown four years ago. I expected, lines and crowds... it came with the charm of the quaint and tiny breakfast place. So, I held off on my review until they moved to a larger location, hoping for shorter wait times... I didn't get it.My boyfriend and I went there this weekend for breakfast and waited an hour and a half to be seated. I understand that we came late-morning on a Sunday which looks to be one of Matt's busiest times. What I don't understand is why the seater took 10 minutes per open table to seat patrons. I watched with bated breath each time a spot opened up and, nobody was seated... this happened again and again.While the food is delicious and reasonably priced, they've got to do something about the "no substitution" rule. It's scrambled eggs for god's sake, not prime rib. Want to add cheese to that special? Sorry.Order orange juice and it's only about 6-8 ounces with no refills.Still good, but they could do with some improvements.
4	Finally got something I've never had at this place: Good service....obviously a Phoenix landmark that should be visited by all at least once, but new location loses some of the old charm.  Limited menu, but pretty good...expect a long line...
4	Service here is great.  Despite how busy it gets, the food came promptly and the wait was bearable (though 30-40 minutes on a Sunday morning can be hard for those running short on time!).  It's funny how you can smell bacon/greasy meat before you even walk in!  I eventually got accustomed to it.  I didn't get to try the waffles, but their hash browns were soo good!  I will definitely come back again if I'm in Phoenix again.
4	Matt's Big Breakfast is the real deal - celebrating tons of local ingredients and making everything from scratch. But the wait can be killer.We were a party of three going to Matt's about noon on a Sunday. I had heard about the wait, but the hour we sat there was still pretty rough. Once we were seated, though, the service was fast and friendly.Our friend (who's a local) told us the best thing on the menu was The Hog & Chick, so that's what all of us ordered. I was totally pleased with everything:* Coffee - from a local roaster* OJ - freshly squeezed (in a teeny tiny glass)* Eggs - fresh and local* Potatoes - buttery, herbed, and delicious* Toast - thick, buttery, and delicious* Preserves - homemade at Matt's and super delish* ham - a giant slab of serious goodnessThe price was very reasonable too - especially for the quality of food. For all the items listed above, I paid about $15. Next time I'm in the area, I'll totally go back to Matt's, but I'll try to pick an obscure time when the wait isn't quite so bad.
4	Since we were on vacation and Guy Fiere had suggested a breakfast place my wife agreed to go to Matt's Big Breakfast in Phoenix. This place may have converted my wife to becoming a breakfast liker.Though there menu below is kinda of lite on options. Nine breakfast items and if your there after 11am you can choose from another nine lunch items. If it wasn't for Guy Fiere featuring them on them twice on the Food Network we would have skipped this place. How could any of these common breakfast items be so good to wait in line for about forty-five minutes.Overall the restaurant can hold maybe about fifty people. I wouldn't suggest this place if you had a party of more then four. They really don't have room to combine a whole lot of tables. Also they don't quote wait times be scared, be very scared or bring a newspaper or your phone with a 2 person game like we did. We like playing Connect 4 it's an easy game but both of us are pretty competitive, so time passes fast. We got seated at the bar, the service was prompt. We ordered coffee's, Griddle Cakes and The Chop and Chicks. Took under fifteen minutes to get our food out. The food was hot and smelled amazing.According to my wife these are the best pancakes the ever! She almost couldn't put the fork down. They were really light, sweet and fluffy pancakes. It was served with a nice dollop of butter and warm maple syrup.
5	This was the aboslute BEST breakfast I have ever had. Every single ingredient is so fresh and tasty. I ordered a cheese omlet with a side of pancakes. My sis and I shared it. We also got orange juice and coffee. We were in heaven! We did not have 1 single complaint. From the service to cleanliness to the food it was a 10!! If you are looking for a delicious breakfast experience THIS IS THE PLACE!! I plan on going back asap!
1	The single handed worst breakfast experience I've ever had. The only time I've ever waited over 50 minutes for a table before giving up. I came alone on a Saturday at 9am. I asked how long the wait would be for a party of one and the hostess(I guess you could call her that) stated that, "they don't quote times, but that it goes fast." They don't write down the time you arrive so either management doesn't care how long the patrons are waiting for a table or are to dumb to look into it. I find it rude, disrespectful, and disingenuous to patrons to not quote a time on one hand while saying it goes fast on the other. They must have known that patrons were waiting close to an hour for a seat and they are hoping that we would become "pot committed" and hang out for the table.     Maybe they are hoping that you will wait so long that you get so hungry that the food will taste better. I've eaten at Matt's Big Breakfast before and I would give it 4 out of 5 stars on food quality. They aren't spectacular just good. Sadly Phoenix is deeply lacking in good breakfast joints.     So starving after a 50 minute wait I decided to head home and stop at McDonalds (also a one star restaurant, but at least I won't wait 50 minutes to get to place my order). While en route I drove by LO LO'S CHICKEN AND WAFFLES approx. 2 miles from Matt's big (slow) breakfast and noticed that it was fairly empty at 10am. I pulled in to Lo Lo's and was pleasantly surprised to find a hidden gem for breakfast. How about that the worst breakfast experience turns into one of the best. I was immediately sat at a table(there was enough space for 8 person parties. Coffee was promptly brought and it was perfect in every respect of the word. I ordered the breakfast sandwich and I was dumbfounded why I tried to go back to Matt's Big (slow) breakfast with so many other options available.    Two additional points I'd like to make: first, there was a bunch of people waiting for Matt's Big (slow) Breakfast but it wasn't a constant flow of additional people coming it was the same bunch of people waiting for 50+minutes; second, YOU'VE been warned.    If you want to try something different/unique/and worthwhile give LO LO's Chicken and Waffles a shot at breakfast. I don't mind waiting for a table at a desirable restaurant. What I mind is a restaurant that doesn't value it's patrons enough to respect their time and to allow their patrons to make conscious decision if they want to wait or not.
5	When I am in the mood for an omelet, hash browns and sourdough, this is my new go-to place! I don't care that I live 45 minutes away, and frankly, I don't care about the wait either!  MBB is worth every penny! So the place is really a hole in the wall, and it is noisy at full capacity. I haven't gotten out of a sit-down breakfast joint with even mediocre omelets and terrible coffee for less than $25.00 for two, but at MBB, we hit the jackpot! Here, I got a fluffy omelet with mushrooms (not from a can) and a mound of cheddar cheese, cooked perfectly (and I didn't even have to ask for it on the soft side), along with a heaping portion of the best tasting hash browns (fully cooked and not part raw)! And the sourdough toast . . . at least an inch thick, already buttered -- yes, buttered -- with homemade strawberry jam on the side. And, did I mention how great the coffee is, and within about four sips, they are there to give you a refill without having to wave them down?Everyone was so nice, from the nice young man who seated us, to the two (or three) waitresses that alternately handled our table (one took our order, two refilled our coffee, another took our bill). Service was top-notch! I can't think of any restaurant in our area of North Scottsdale that is even close to being this good! Especially for the price!When our waitress asked if she could get us anything else, I said, "another Matt's Big Breakfast . . . in North Scottsdale!"  I've already started coming up with a list of things we have to do in Phoenix so that we can go back to Matt's again!
5	I don't even know what the hell I had because it was soooo dang good that I ate it all and went into a food-itis coma instantly.  Nah just kidding about the memory but totally serious about the food coma.  We checked this place out on an off day and it was still pretty populated.  Breakfast anytime CAN NOT BEAT THAT!!!  My bro and I got the the same platter which was the special of the day.  Linguisa with sourdough toast, hash browns, home fries, eggs, homemade preserves!!!  Everything was SPECTACULAR!  Like seriously!!!  It was a very homey and neighborhood feel to the restaurant with super excellent service.  Ninja water and coffee refills, great timing and check ups!  I think that it was part of our server as well but she was magnificent as well.  The overall experience was really enjoyable and I'll definately be back!
4	If there was any place in town that is worth getting up at 6am on a Saturday to get in line for breakfast food, this is it. Everything I've had here is amazing and worth the wait as everyone else said. The ingredients are local, the staff is friendly and the setting compact. Not a place I would try to to bring a group larger than 4 to though so if you have a large group, pick out the 3 others you like the most and ditch the rest! ;)
5	Matt's new location is bigger, but they have preserved the ambiance that makes Matt's a breakfast destination.  It doesn't matter how big they make the diner; there will always be a line to get in there!  The simple secret is the fresh, real ingredients they use, locally-sourced whenever possible.  When you're a regular, they know your name and your order.  Big plus, in my book, is the new digs have a bike rack.  LOVE Matt's Big Breakfast!  It truly is as good as it gets.
5	amazing and worth the wait!
3	You have to love a place that still cares enough to use half a stick of butter when they cook your meal.  Throw in some Bourbon candied sausage and you have a real old fashioned breakfast cafe.
2	meh. i've experienced better.
5	Best place in all of Phoenix to have breakfast!!!!!!
4	We stayed at the Sheraton downtown and Matt's was a short walk.  Definitely worth the walk, and it helped to justify eating such a large breakfast.  There is probably something there that is not very good, but we did not find it.  When you get there, make sure you check in with the person running the register
5	What do they do to make a basic breakfast so good? Well, actually mine wasn't basic. I took the special off the board: Andouille sausage, havarti cheese (I think), a lovely red spicy pepper three egg omelette AH-mazing, their famous potatoes on the side. Thick slices of whole grain bread on the side with a tiny bit of butter (I wish it had more). One of my kids had the breakfast sandwich with bacon, one had the chicken marinated in pesto sandwich, and the husband had something I can't remember but everyone was very full, very happy even after waiting well over an hour to get seated.  We did ask for a grilled cheese sandwich for our kid and the waitress looked at us stunned and said it's not on the menu. True but they have bread and cheese right? Oh well. What I loved more than anything was every staff person you come in contact with says: Thank you for waiting! I hope to go back soon even though it's a 40 minute drive from my house and more than likely an hour wait to get in - it's worth it.
4	This is the best breakfast joint in the valley of the sun.   I have been here many times and the average wait time is about an hour.... but is totally worth it!Food:  The food here is great!  Everything is freshly made and full of favor!  My favorite is their pork chop with eggs... and you must get their rosemary home fries and wheat toast!   Also thick cut bacon as a side!  The bacon is what keeps bringing me back to this place.   They are thick cut and peppered... 3 slices for $2.95 might be a little pricy but they are really good!  Their daily specials are also very good, most of the time is some type of egg/ sausage scramble.I also love their homemade bread and jam.  Matt's switches up their jam favors.Service:  Their staff is great!  Very friendly and attentive.  But you must prepare to wait... the only time that I didn't have to wait was when I got there 10 mins before opening.   Otherwise prepare to wait at least 1 hour.   They new location is more than twice the size of the old location, but wait time is still very long, especially you have a large group.
4	I was in phoenix on business and im allways looking for some good eats , I found this place with the help of yelp and food network app on my i phone . I originally planned on getting the waffle that everyone raved about , but ended up getting the Special Andouille sausage scramble ( spicy!) but very good . Hash Browns were good and i also liked the sour dough toast . When i go back im definatly gonna try the waffle Be ready to wait for a seat , it doesnt seem very big . Singles get seated faster because they have counter style seating
4	This was one of the best brunches I've had anywhere. The servers were very knowledgeable and eager to share their opinion on what's best on the menu. Honestly, everything looked appealing. The portions are fair, the prices even fairer, and the food all excellent. My waffle with two slices of bacon was the best waffle and best bacon I've had. Bacon was thick, not too fatty, and perfectly charred. Waffle had texture and crisp. Real maple syrup on the side :) The special chorizo, jalapeno scramble was nice and hot and spicy! Definitely coming back.
3	We have heard of Matt's Big Breakfast  many times since moving out here to Phoenix. Our family from other states have heard of this place as it has been featured on Travel Channel & Food Network. So we finally decided to give this place a try to see what the big deal was all about.Matt's actually moved down the street from their original location, which I had heard was very small. The new location which did appear much bigger, still had a long wait out side. There were a few benches that patrons can sit on & orange flavored water was offered outside for those waiting. There was approx a 45min for out party of 4. Good thing we didn't come hungry. Once inside we were offered Bar seating, otherwise the wait would have been at least another 20 min. In my opinion, the bar stools were very slippery, or maybe it was just mine. I was wearing jeans, but I felt like I has to keep one leg on the ground in order not to slide off. & i'm kinda short so I was basically standing at the bar to eat.Definitely a busy Breakfast spot. They state they use local resources & organic foods. The food was tasty. I ordered the griddle cakes & they were BIG. I had to ask for more syrup which they said they would charge us another $1.50 for. No one in our party was able to finish what we had ordered. We left with very full bellies. Still not quite sure what all the hype is about. The act of supporting Small Business?Yes, we will always try to do that. Or maybe I just needed to order something more adventurous?  Know you must come with a BIG stomach, but not hungry, because the wait is ridiculous. At least we can cross this place off of our Food Bucket listHappy Eating
4	MBB is one of those places that I really like, but can't really explain why. Maybe it's the fresh jam, the perfectly cooked bacon, the cute old fashioned style of the place or  the fact that you tell yourself it just has to be great if everyone else is willing to wait in the desert for up to an hour-ish to have their hand at some..I dunno. It is indeed tasty, and I've yet to try anything that disappoints, but the menu (in my humble o-pinion) doesn't really offer anything extraordinarily fantastic enough to warrant the wait. That said, if ever I drive by the place in the a.m. hours and happen to see that there's no line, I will consider it my lucky day and likely mosey on in.
4	Before flying out of Phoenix, we decided to fuel up by having breakfast here.  We were drawn to the location based on the number of reviews.   So, we decided to give it a try.  We ate in their new location, apparently, the restaurant was down the block and about 1/2 the size it is now. The staff/workers all welcomed us with friendly chat.  They all sported vans, skinny jeans, t-shirts and a zip up sweat shirts.  The industrial like environment made conversations bounce off walls which caused it to be loud and sometimes difficult to hear.  But, it was clean and service was FAST!I ordered the breakfast special.  Our waiter praised the deliciousness of their french toast and apple smoked sausage.  Wow, was he correct.  The french toast was incredible.  The sausage was good.  I normally do not eat pork products anymore, so my rating of "good"; I am sure does not do it justice.My husband does not eat pork products, so when we asked about alternatives like chicken sausage, turkey bacon or Soy; they did not have any.  So, his breakfast choice immediately became limited.  He ordered the cheese omelet.  It was filled with mushrooms, and red peppers.  Potatoes and a side of bread accompanied his dish.The coffee was not bad; but at the same time left us not thrilled about it either.  So, we strolled a few blocks down to buy some strong brewed Starbucks coffee.We enjoyed our experience.  If we lived in Phoenix, I am sure we'd eat there again.  However, on our next visit; we'll probably choose another place with meat alternatives and more green chile.
5	Great cup of coffee, best waffle I've ever had, got there just in time to beat (most of) the breakfast rush. My husband got a steak & eggs special. I loved that their water glasses are recycled jelly jars, coincidentally the kind we purchase and now we will be using at home. I can't wait to go back.
5	Good waffles!
5	Hipster breakfast of champions - that's how I would describe it.  Good down-home breakfast, but not for weight watchers.   Bright orange formica counters and rooster orange juice glasses.  Love that the place is smaller than a shoebox.  It means you have wait ahead of you, but it keeps the breakfast experience a friendly intimate one.The hog and chick is what I usually order. But most recently I've been ordering the sopressata salami scramble with provolone and the five spot breakfast sandwich.  The burger buns are a lackluster choice, but the grilled onions and thick peppercorn bacon slices more than make up for it.  The hash browns can be a bit greasy, but hey, that's what happens when you cook with butter.  Can be a wait on weekend, but worth it in central Phoenix.
5	Super friendly staff and excellent food. Got a plate of scrambled eggs with bacon, home fries and a slice of sourdough bread. The bacon was super thick and excellent quality with a distinct maple flavour. The eggs were also perfectly cooked and fluffy and the homefries had onions and rosemary, also awesome. The bread was obviously freshly baked, super thick and came with butter and a side of fresh whole blueberry preserves. The coffee was ok but it was cool that it was local (from a Casa Grande roaster). Two meals with coffee under $25. The wait (about 20 minutes inside) was worth it.
5	Friendly service, great atmosphere, excellent coffee (they have their own house blend of a local coffeemaker) and phenomenal food!!!
3	3.5 stars!There is a huge hype about this place. It was featured on tv. I get there early to eat here with my brother in law and there was a half hour wait. While we were waiting, a huge line started forming to the outside of the restaurant around 8:30am on a Friday. My brother in law had the special of the day, which was a chipotle jalepeno sausage and cheddar scramble served with potatoes and a tortilla instead of toast. I ordered the Salami scramble. I liked his dish because the chipotle sausage was spicy and full of flavor! My Salami scramble was good, but on the salty side. The salami was cut similar to fries, in long rectangular thick pieces. For some reason, I expected thin slices, but it was good all the same. The "home fries" looked more like a hashbrown cassarole and were much, much better than the regular breakfast potatoes. The home fries were my favorite part about being there, more than the salami scramble itself. The side of sourdough toast that came with my meal was impressive. The toast appeared to be nearly 2 inches thick, and that was a single slice! It was served with a savory homemade marmalade. The owner and the servers there were very friendly, and despite the chaos of the line of people waiting and people constantly checking to see if a spot opened up yet, the staff handled it very well! That alone I give them 4 stars. For being a big breakfast, I'd say that my dish was just the "right portion size for me." For some place with big breakfast in the title, if the portion is just right for me, that means that the dish is on the smaller side. After telling about my experience to another friend, who adores this restaurant, I guess I was supposed to order the pancakes, because they are ridiculously good. I've yet to experience those pancakes. If I'm in the area, I will definitely stop by this place again and give it another try, but I'm not sure if it's worth the 40 minute drive from where I live to wait another hour to get a table once I get there, so that's why I took away half a star, but I still really like the place.
4	The only negative thing I have to say about this place is that it's a victim of it's own success. My husband and I used to frequent all the time, but now that it's become so popular, we refuse to wait an hour for brunch, even on the weekdays. If you do decide to wait it out, the food is amazing, and the home fries are worth the wait alone. Very friendly wait staff, and cute place, albeit very small..
4	The bacon served here is something special.  However, this place not only has big breakfasts it also has big waits.  The waits are to be expected with such an establishment, but once you reach your seat... well it is not a comfortable one.  The seating is too hard and the set-up does not support a leisurely weekend breakfast with friends...  a yummy breakfast... yes... but not a leisurely one.  Nevertheless, give it a try and enjoy the bacon.
3	Matt's was my favorite breakfast place ever but now I have to add a caveat.  Do not go to Matt's during a busy if you want to hear anything the waitress or anyone that is with you.  The food is still fabulous and it is great that you do not need to wait long but the noise level is a constant roar of voices.  Even if I was alone it is uncomfortably noisy.  I would not go there again for breakfast until at least after 9 AM .  Maybe it gets busy again for the lunch crowd but I have never been there  after 10:30AM
4	Really fantastic breakfast. Not for vegetarians, I guess, because one of my dining companions was not impressed (except, I think she liked the eggs), but I was in hog heaven. Great atmosphere in a city bereft of great atmosphere. Seriously. I asked the hot counter girl what there is to do in Phoenix. She seemed confused by the question. But at least she was hot. Yeah, sorry for even going there, but all the women who worked at Matt's when I was there were really friggin' hot, and I can't honestly say as an honest Yelp reviewer that it didn't count as a factor in the number of times I returned here. But what I can also say is that I wouldn't have gone near the place, hot serving wenches notwithstanding, had the food not been completely, utterly satisfying. Totally worth a drive across the "city" for. Really. I mean. Being from New York, I tend to compliment nobody. I enjoyed Matt's. So congratulations, management. You hired the right people. You cook a mean egg. You know what to do with pork. All of this was appetizing, satisfying, and filling. YUM.
5	One of the best breakfast joints in the valley!!!
4	This place was featured in Food Network and since I was in town, I thought I'll give it a try.  I got there around 12pm (rush hour) and waited 45 minutes for a table.  The staff was very friendly and helpful but super busy.  Coffee was your typical coffee, nothing special there.  The salami scramble was to die for, the flavor was amazing!  The waffles were awesome, so fluffy and soft.  The bacon was thick but it was too burnt for my preference.  The fresh jam on the thick white toast was delicious!  Overall, the food was excellent and it was worth the 45 minutes wait.
4	As soon as I found out I would be traveling to Phoenix, I began looking up places to eat. Matt's Big Breakfast was the first thing to crank up my Yelpdar!B R I E F  S U M M A R Y-- Probably the most reviewed/well known place in downtown Phoenix-- Featured on TV like everyone else said-- This newer location is a block further than the old (way bigger now!)-- Warm & welcoming ambience-- Friendly and attentive staff (seems like they have a system)-- I recommend coming early, only 6 tables @ 6:45am (Wed morning)-- Salami scramble was definitely unique but needed some cheese-- Potatoes had decent flavor (rosemary) but I wish I got hash browns-- Waffle was hot & fresh & syrup was high quality-- Sourdough toast was thick & good-- Strawberry preserves were delicious!-- The regular menu is very limited-- Staff recommends trying the specials-- Very sad I couldn't try the french toast, it's ONLY a special! :(Well I woke up super early because I didn't want to get stuck here and I had a meeting at 8am! I forgot that AZ is an hour ahead of CA. I woke up so tired and barely made it here at 6:45am. I walked from the Westin which was a healthy walk at 6 in the morning! I was a bit disappointed to find the old location but luckily I saw the new location was only a block further.I really like the feel and ambience of Matt's Big Breakfast (MBB). The wait staff were all ladies and they were all very friendly and attentive even at 6am! I was barely awake and I wasn't sure if I was going to come here again so I ended up ordering basically 2 dishes so I could try 2 things. My server loves the waffle so I had to get it. The special she also recommended but I'm just not a fan of apple sausage so I opted for the salami scramble. I'm from the San Francisco bay area so I'm almost accustomed to what MBB is doing with fresh, local ingredients. I applaud them for keeping their food quality so high but I wasn't uberly impressed because I'm sort of used to it. I expect to pay a decent amount of money for high quality food. I didn't feel like MBB was overpriced, I thought the prices were about right in my opinion.The waffle was above average and I could taste the quality of the syrup. I really wanted the french toast but it wasn't being offered. To me, if you're famous for french toast, you should offer it on your menu! Nevertheless, the waffle is a good alternative. The salami scramble was so unique and different. I've never had anything quite like it but I really wish they would have added some creamy cheese to smooth out the salami after taste. I think I added some ketchup or hot sauce to my potatoes and it helped balance the salami. If you like salami, I recommend. I probably wouldn't order again, I just was feeling adventurous. I was a bit surprised that the sourdough bread was so thick but it was still good. The preserves really enabled me to eat all of it otherwise it would been just too much bread for me.Clearly this place is living up to the hype as it is the number 1 rated place in downtown Phoenix. I didn't search further than that because I didn't have a rental car or anything. I would definitely recommend coming here and if I'm ever out here again, I hope that I can grab some of their french toast!
3	I've been to Matt's Big Breakfast twice. I was not impressed by the long wait or the atmosphere. It  was small and dingy. The bathroom in the dive hotel next door was really disgusting.I did enjoy the food though. The first time I got an *egg white and vegetable omelet*, which was ok. It was fresh, which was good. The real stand out for me was the *toast*, they said they said it was local and the bakery sold at the farmers market around the corner. It was really delicious. I also enjoyed the *hashbrowns*, they were greasy but yummy. They used a spice that I couldn't discern. I think it was a little bit of nutmeg. It really popped. The second time we went, I got the *egg salad sandwich*. It was well balanced. Same good bread. I got a side of hashbrowns, because I enjoyed them the first time. My husband wasn't impressed at all. He thought his omelet was average and didn't really care for the atmosphere.Because of the cost, and atmosphere, I don't think we will be returning anytime soon.
2	Visiting Phoenix and I wanted to revisit Matt's.  I was here two years ago and I had heard that they moved, 4 months ago, to a new larger space.   The new space is nice, but I somehow miss the tiny old one.  The little place was unique and atmospheric where the new place is cool, but somehow generic-cool.  Staff was nice enough, but it put me off a bit when they wanted $1.50 for more maple syrup.   I said OK because the pancakes were SUPER DRY.   Not good at all.   And the maple syrup is totally sub par.  Tastes like Aunt Jemima.  It's stored in big plastic jugs in the dining room.   Friend's omelette was overcooked and greasy.   Potatoes were just average.   Thick cut marble rye toast was good, but then he loves anything rye.Come on Matt, you can do better.   Spend more time training your kitchen staff.  And does your wife always wear UGGs, no matter the weather?
4	Nice new location with the same small feel and long lines to get in. Awesome bacon! I generally order sausage with eggs but you have to get the bacon here. I have ordered the burger before and it is a very good size good quality burger. Don't missed the old location which is less than a block away from the new restaurant. DDD was there for a reason.
2	After hearing rave reviews, we finally went to try for first time.  Between the long wait time just to be seated, poor service, the constant waiting and having to ask for refills.  We even went to the front and asked for our check rather than continuing to wait for it.  The food was good no doubt about it, but with as much hypster hype as there has been about Matt's Big Breakfast, we expected better.  Probably wont be back....
5	No freezer in the joint so when they run out of OJ they have to literally go and buy more oranges!  The food is fresh and homeade.  I haven't been to their newest location which I hear is much larger inside to accomodate the massive breakfast crowds.
5	This place is still here but they expanded, so it's under a different address.
5	Best Breakfast ever! Definitely worth any wait!
3	The food was good but the 45 minute wait ruined my experience.
4	On our trip to AZ we had to stop by here. We wanted to dine in, but on our way to the airport it only made sense to bring the food back to the place we were staying at since we had yet to pack. This place brings the traditional simplicity of breakfast back to the kitchen table.We opted for the "Hog & Chick" and Griddlecakes. Both were delicious and very filling. Simple breakfast made with that home made touch. We were glad we stopped by here before we headed back home. On top of the food, the service was amazing and friendly, and the bill was not a big dent in the wallet either. Overall an amazing experience with Matt's. We will definitely be back for our next trip.
4	These guys have it nailed, the breakfast is "of Champions". The fresh blueberry jam that comes with the killer fresh toast is so good I could eat it off the floor. (and possibly did cause I dropped some off my knife :). The only reason that I give them 4 instead of 5 stars is that WE GET IT you are small, you're hipster, you're non commercial...but for the love of Pete make the place a little bigger, so more than 3 people can eat inside at a time and we don't have to go on a wait EVERY time we come. But the quality is awesome.
5	I came here a couple weeks ago while passing through Phoenix, and it was delicious! As mentioned before, there is a bit of a wait. However, we just walked around a little bit and explored the area, and pleasantly, there was no pressure by the servers to turn over tables once we were seated. The venue itself is small, but beautiful. The windows were large and filled with natural light making it seem open and spacious.The food was also really good. While the salami scramble didn't particularly suit my taste, they had crispy hashbrowns and freshly made cherry jam to go with the toast-- both were above and beyond. I'll definitely be back next time in town.
5	Today is Friday, March 15, 2013. My husband and I are from Albuquerque and we visited this diner for breakfast today. We walked passed the old location first and then we saw ahead of us a lot of people waiting out side of the new location. Our wait time was about 35 minutes but word has it this is a very normal thing around here because  it's the BEST breakfast in town. Being that I have never had breakfast in this town any other time I didn't have anything to compare it to. In any case this is the most fabulous and tasty place for breakfast! After eating here today I will not go any other place when I'm in town. In fact I think I want to come back ASAP just to revisit and order every thing. I dont think I have ever had pancakes in my life that tasted like the ones I ate or the even the hasbrowns. The eggs were the most perfect over medium eggs I have ever ate. I poured the home made strawberry preserves over the decadent pancakes with butter and the syrup and I thought I died and went to diner heaven. My husbands Belgian Waffle was heaven served with peppery crisp bacon. The coffee was so good and the water was too. Every single thing from the polite service to the ambiance and most importantly the food was exceptional. We are gone but have not forgotten and we cannot wait to return.  Congrats to the owner and the hard working staff- You've gotta gold mine.
4	While waiting outside, the fresh smell of BACON & waffles are waffling thru the air on the patio. There's a bird whistling a happy tune while the patrons come in and out of this small red brick building. When you cross the threshold to the other side, you are greeted the the diner atmosphere to the smell of fresh bacon.Freshly squeezed OJ & lemonade are on the menu w/ the freshest ingredients known to man kind.. Hence due to the caption on the back of the menu with the smell of waffle & bacon waffling around my senses. -Did I mention the smell of bacon? ..probably Ooh three or four times already. That's how good it smells while tantalizing my sense of smell.I can't wait to get in the door to the kingdom that's is Matt's.
5	The first time I came here (their old location) I sat outside and waited for an hour and a half in the pouring rain. I had biked over, so I literally had nowhere indoors to sit and wait.Although I was hangry (adjective: angry from hunger), soaking wet and slightly impatient (this was back before they offered wait times), it was worth it.Matt's hash browns are perfectly crisp and golden. The eggs are rich and delicious, unlike the ones you find in chain grocery stores. The coffee (from a local roaster) is clean, fresh and bright. Their 5 Spot sandwich is a perfect sampling of all their delicious breakfast offerings, and the simple Hog n Chick is a fresh, local take on a classic egg and ham breakfast.I would recommend Matt's Big Breakfast to absolutely everyone.Tip: If you don't want to wait for half an hour to 45 minutes, come between 7:45 and 8:15 nearly any morning of the week. The wait will be ~5 minutes, and you'll be leaving just as people begin to pile up!
4	Great breakfast down to the toast. Delicious fresh-squeezed OJ and the Hash browns were to die for. Ham was a bit tough to cut but good flavor. Was traveling alone for work and enjoyed sitting at one of he window seats. Imagine there'd be quite a wait if it hadn't been 645AM on a week day. Will recommend to friends passing through PHX for sure.
5	Always a long wait but the food is worth it.  Their bacon is the best!
2	Met friends for breakfast this morning and was sadly disappointed.  I expected the 30 minute wait, but did not expect the over cooked eggs.  Now I did ask for crispy bacon and crispy hashbrowns and neither came out that way.  Maybe it was just a bad day, but I do not expect I will go back again.
5	Could be one of the best breakfast I have eaten outside of my kitchen.   The staff is friendly and the food came out fast and hot. I will be back in the near future.  Order the OJ is is fresh.
5	Great breakfast!  Worth the wait!
2	Checked-in and asked for a cup of coffee. Woman at register was a complete bi!$& and was completely disgruntled and on a huge power trip.  I had to purchase a coffee to go and she threw my card onto the counter.
5	This place is the real deal. Awesome portions and variety. I literally spent over an hour eating here because I had to savor each and every bite of the deliciousness
4	Just as everyone says, the food is awesome! BUT...if it's served with an attitude, damn it drags the experience down. I was totally disappointed in the place. Maybe a too go order would be good for you? Food is still good enough to fetch four stars.
2	I ordered 2 eggs over medium hashbrowns & the Griddle Cakes. My husband had the Classic Reuben. SERVICE - 2 stars - Waitresses were rude. And were transparently erked when we asked for Non Dairy Creamer.TASTE - 4 stars - Food was really good. But my eggs were over easy not over medium, the way I ordered them. VALUE - 1 star - they give you 2oz of syrup for an entire order of Griddle Cakes... then charge you $1.50 for every 2oz of extra syrup you order. My husbands Reuben had hardly any meat on it. OVERAll - 2.3 ... Taste was excellent but service and bang for my buck did not meet, even my most minimum of stanfards.BOTTOM LINEWill I be going back?... probably not. Will I recommend to a friend... NO!
1	Came here on a Thursday morning with the boyfriend to eat and was greeted by a girl who looked like she just got to work after a night out At the club. I couldn't decide what to eat from their huge menu of 7items. The night club waitress informed us that the eggs benidict was the special today. So we ordered one each. Low and behold the plate was 11dollars each. I wouldn't have minded paying that if the food was good but it wasn't. Small portions and incredibly salty. Just terrible! I couldn't even eat my food. I wouldn't even go back if someone paid me. Maybe the people there should pay more attention to the food instead of trying so had to be hipsters.
1	My visit was a complete disappoinment.  I drove all the way from Scottsdale because I had heard such good things about Matt's, so I arrived hungry, and with high expectations.  The restaurant was busy, with only counter seating available, so I took one of the available stools.  They are VERY uncomfortable metal stools.  The seats are round, unupolstered, metal, smaller than most folks butts (I am a small woman), insufficiently contoured, and very slippery. I had to pull the stool in close to the counter, wedge my knees against the counter, and keep my feet on the rungs of the stool in order not to feel as if I would slide off.  The hard metal seat was so uncomfortable that I kept looking around in to see if a table opened up.So, uncomfortably perched, I decided to try the pork chop, eggs, hashbrowns and wheat toast.  The plated food looked good.  The eggs were fine and cooked as ordered but even after trying all 3 of the salt shakers on the counter, I couldn't get enought salt without opening the shaker, and though I am not a heavy salter, everything needed salt.  The pork chop looked appealing but turned out to be dry, overcooked, difficult to cut even with the steak knife that was provided, and tasteless (seriously),   I could see that the meat was seasoned, but I couldn't tast whatever they used.  I didn't understand the texture of the hash browns.  The top and bottom were crisp and pretty good, but the middle (which comprised most of the order) was really wet.Hungry as I was, I ate some of the crispy part of the hash browns, a little of the pork chop, a couple bites of toast, and only one of the eggs because nothing appetizing remained to eat with the second one (I can't handle eggs alone).  No big breakfast at Matt's for me.  I was too disappointed to even complain about my meal.  I just paid my check and left for the treck back to Scottsdale with no plan to ever return to Matt's.
3	This was our first visit to this restaurant. First, let me say that this restaurant has awesome fresh squeezed orange juice, excellent coffee, and great service. The food was generally good. Ham was tough in spots, and my meal was definitely in need of salt and pepper.The port in my breakfast special had no taste at all. Hashbrowns were somewhat burnt. I could live with this though. However, I had to mark this restaurant down due to the lack of comfort of the "urban" stainless steel stools that are provided to customers at the counters. Here I think style was a major concern over comfort, and I urge the owners in this eatery to sit on their own stools for an hour to experience the whole dining experience. While eating there, I spent most of the time trying not to slide off of these quite small, hard and slippery shiny stainless steel wonders, and since no rail to rest your feet on is provided, staying on them depends on you using the small rails along the bottom of the stool to try and stay on them. By the end of the meal, we couldn't wait to get out of there, just so we could stand up and stretch out our backs from the lack of support, hardness, and strain of trying to stay on these little torture devices. If the idea is to make it uncomfortable enough to keep the turnover quick at the counters, then they are perfectly suited for the task. However, we will strongly reconsider whether to return, and if we do, will never sit at the counter again. Good food is available all over the valley, and being comfortable while eating is also available all over the valley. As a suggestion to attract and keep customers, I want to make a couple of suggestions:Fix the stool situation. They are a big drawback.During the breakfast wait, instead of that watery whatever it is that you offer to all the people waiting outside (water? lemonade?), serve coffee. When the guy brought that out, many of us said "Coffee, awesome!", and then realized it was something far less appealing. By bringing out coffee and mugs (OK to use a variety from Goodwill or whatever), you will have an automatic coffee sale and people will enjoy hanging out while waiting. You can stage it from inside to control losses and offer it to those on the waiting list if you want, but it would endear a customer such as myself to the restaurant. When you put down the check, explain how it works. "We can take care of this for you or you can pay at the counter" would be helpful. We weren't sure what to do and had to ask.As it is, we may or may not return to this restaurant. Might give it one more try.
5	Amazing food. I travel all the way from Tucson monthly just to eat breakfast here. It's delicious. There's always great service and the food is the best. If you're in town, I'd check it out for sure!
5	We checked this place out after seeing it on the Food Network and it was delicious. The rosemary potatoes are top notch and the strawberry jam would be great on almost anything.
5	Scrambled eggs & Salami. Very good, The hash browns & jam were superb
5	Hands down the best breakfast I have ever had! I have been here 4 or 5 times, and every meal has been wonderful. The wait is long, depending on the day, and they do not tell you the wait time. It can be up to an hour and a half. If you go on the weekend, get there early! By 9:30 there is a crowd outside. If you are able to go o a weekday, you may be able to be seated immediately. Either way, Matt's Big Breakfast is worth the wait!
