4	What a girl wants, a girl gets! That's sweets, you know it. Would you believe a diamond-studded 125-carat Couture Pop can be had from this sweet spanking-new hot spot in Vegas? Yes, it is a one-of-a-kind delectable piece of sweetness. That premiered at the Grand Opening. The Grand Opening attended by celebrities on the 4th of March was sure not missed!The Couture Pop have many flavors to choose from. The pop is wrapped in a pop-out plastic cover. The bling-ed handle screws right off the sweet flavored pop to be replaced by any other flavor pop or when it's all gone. A complete ensemble of the Couture Pop comes in a box filled with different flavors and colored "bling" beads at $25, or just the flavored pops without the bling-ed handles at $12.95. It's not just pops but many other items and souvenirs are ready to be had from this sweet factory. Not only that. Name another sweet item, like chocolates? Yes!! Crepes Yes!! Anything else to satisfy anyone's sweet craving. Just walk through the doors to the dining area called American Brasserie for more sweet cravings in an extensive menu which includes Black Angus steak, fries, omelets, chicken, waffles,and red velvet  buttermilk pancakes, signature sweet pizzas, fresh made savory and sweet crepes,chocolate fondues, and a favorite of mine is the frozen hot chocolate. Elegant atmosphere in classy modern decor. Waitstaff attentive.Sugar Factory American Brasserie stay open 24 hours. To mention the best I had was the frozen hot chocolate and ahi tuna which was sweetimus that satisfied me with a blang! I say blang because the Couture Pop is likened to a bling enough and my hunger pang was satisfied max. Should I return? I'll be back.
4	We wandered around the Sugar Factory's candy store on our first day. It wasn't until the next day that we realized that there was a restaurant there, too. Three of us shared the Lollipop Passion - a fishbowl size cocktail with 3 giant lollipops and a couple of candy necklaces.  We also shared some tasty chicken bites and a somewhat deconstructed cobb salad.
5	I have been waiting for months for this place to open! The servers are so nice and describe everything well. The server took me and my friend through the chocolate lounge first and let us know what it was all about. We carry on walking and she takes us through the restaurant. The tables are really close together so we had to squeeze around people's tables to get to ours. The restaurant is very beautiful inside with big chandeliers hanging from the ceilings. The table we were seated at with for two and the first thing you notice is..how small the table is. There is a candle in the middle of the table and then all the sugar packs on the left side. I understand making the place great looking inside, but a little more room on the table is also a good thing lol. I was so tempted to take the candle and place it on the vacant table next to us. The server asked about drinks, and I didn't want something filing since I was ready to pig out on food. I was going to get the ice tea, and then she asks if I want regular or bubblegum ice tea. I was like  "Whhhaaattt?" So being intrigued, I wanted to try it. When I tasted it..it tasted just like a regular unsweeted ice tea. Very gross. I learned my lesson on not having sugar in tea lol. She also asked if we would like a bottle of water. I needed something to drink since my ice tea wasn't working. When she said bottle, I thought the normal store bought bottles, but she brings out a large wine bottle full of water. I was amazed about how different this place was.So I ordered a steak sandwich and it my mind, I was thinking it was going to be similar to a Philly Cheese Steak but when I get it, it's a real steak. I had to use a knife and all to cut through my sandwich. The fries and sandwich was really good. After the meal, I had to try one of their shakes, and I got the chocolate cookie jar. It has Vanilla, chocolate sauce, caramel sauce, oreo cookie crumbles, chocolate chips and whipped cream. The shake is so delicious!! They have 8 other shakes, and I cannot wait to try those.Holly Madison was there doing interviews as we went walking through the candy store and looking at all the sweets. They even have clothes! If your looking for sweets, Sugar Factory is perfect.
4	We went to the restaurant for my daughters 11th birthday. Our family of 4 shared the chocolate fondue. It was wonderful! lots of yummy stuff to dip, we added on the red velvet cake (it was not very good) and toasted coconut, the homemade marshmallows were awesome though.My older daughter and I loved the bubblegum iced tea, must have it sweetened though to bring out the flavor.The restaurant its self is decorated nice and the servers were super friendly always kept our drinks refilled. Downside my husbands coffee was $6, it was just coffee nothing fancy or special brew just standard coffee, to us that was WAY over priced We will go back and try the food the pizza's looked amazing
3	Stumbled upon this place in search for a late brunch (a drunken night provided false intel that there was a Hash House in the Cosmopolitan, when in reality its in Imperial Palace) and realized this was a ManVFood Location.First off, the ambiance is nice, but what I got a kick out of the most was there were workers outside flashing the menu, trying to get people to enter... lol... taking a cue from those non-english speaking "stripper" promoters eh?Their menu is, for lack of a better way to put it... too expansive for its own good!  Haha, there were just so many choices, including desert, which they are famous for.I ordered the Bacon Club Sandwhich, my friend the open faced tuna melt, another got a french dip, and another a burger.  We also split deep-fried macaroni.The club was pretty good...nothing spectacular, as was the tuna melt.  The French Dip was pretty tender, and the burger pretty tasty... but nothng to go crazy over.  The Fried Macaroni appetizer was pretty good. Hot, fresh, crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside.  However, $9 for 3 golf-ball sized clumps? Wow.  The fries (shoe string style) were cooked well, very crispy and tasty.Their deserts are really good though.  My friend got the Nutella Cream Crepe... and it was so awesomely sweet, I went staight into 3rd stage Diabetes.  I wouldn't call it overly sweet, since it is called the Sugar factory afterall.Waiters are pretty attentive, and service pretty quick.  The attached candy store next door has a lot of choices, so b prepared!  Gelato, cookes, cupcakes, and even discontinued, rare types of candy r found here (Bazooka Joe!)
3	These three stars are strictly for the sliders, which were very tasty (although a bit salty). The rest of the dishes are probably worthy of 2 stars. My club sandwich was mediocre. The dessert pizza was a huge disappointment because the crust was just awful: it tasted like overcooked Boboli pizza crust with caramel, chocolate, whipped cream and marshmallows poured on top. We chose this restaurant because the desserts looked good so it was almost unforgivable that our chosen dessert was so bad. I will say this is probably one of the more affordable restaurant choices on the strip. The simplicity of the menu choices and the huge number of menu choices make this a good place to bring kids, much like a Cheesecake Factory.
3	I was pleased with the staff and food, but the design of the restaurant is that of a busily decorated contemporary diner. This is not a place I associate with Paris; it's more like a Denny's or a Johnny Rockets in design. I foresee lots of drunk tourists stumbling in off the strip expecting a late breakfast.
1	I went to the Sugar Factory for breakfast last week and was greatly disappointed. I couldn't decide on what to have and ordered the strawberry brioche french toast upon the waiter's recommendation. Boy, what a zonk that was. The menu described it as "smothered in berries." Smothered it was not. There were 4 tiny, thinly cut strawberries on my plate, which if glued back together would not have even equaled one strawberry.  The french toast was luke warm at best and dry, dry, dry. There was a smudge of strawberry jam in one corner of the brioche which I guess is what qualified it as "strawberry brioche" The portion size was also quite small for the price, although I wouldn't have eaten more if they had given me more because it was just so awful. I'll pass at eating at the Sugar Factory next time I am in town.
4	We wanted to treat our son to something different and fun and decided to check out the newest place at Paris Las Vegas, the Sugar Factory. It was really great! The store is really fun with lots of great treats and shirts and souvenirs. We enjoyed the Tomato Basil Pizza, Open Face Tuna Melt and Chinese Chicken Salad. For dessert the boys enjoyed a trio of sundaes, which was unbelievable!  I (of course!) enjoyed a delicious glass of Eberle Chardonnay, buttery with apple and pears and lovely dry finish. Our server, Cheryl was sweet and the service was fast and efficient.  Probably, the best thing is, we sat outside to people watch and fountain watch and we weren't disappointed! The weather was just perfect!We will surely be back with our frequent out-of-town guests!
5	Had breakfast here the second day...and had the red velvet pancakes and was surprised that they weren't overly sweet as I had expected.  We toured the candy store afterward--nearly took home the rhinestone lollipops.
3	This place was definitely A-OK, as the three stars implies.  If Yelp allowed me to give half stars, I'd even give em 3.5 stars.The Pros-The location - right across the street from the Bellagio - so get a good seat and you get to see the fountains go off....and I'm a sucker for a good dinner view.The salad - my Caesar salad was light and refreshing and not drenched in dressing.  The portions - definitely looked like Goldilocks-sized portions..not too much, not too little. I think just right for the money.  The service - our server was prompt and friendly and seemed eager to help us out. The ambiance - it reminds me so much of a place we have here in Pasadena (in terms of decor) called Pop Champagne Bar - kind of hip, romantic/gothic, dark, candles everywhere, etc. The variety of desserts and milkshakes and 'fancy' drinks - need to give in to that sweet tooth of yours? It seemed like endless possibilities were available for that sort of thing - - milkshakes galore!The fact that the Sugar Factory candy store is just across the way - so you can REALLY indulge that sweet tooth of yours.The Cons-The theme of the restaurant seemed really at a discord with the food of the restaurant.  I mean, it's an American Brasserie.  My soup - My French Onion Soup, which I usually am a big fan of, was really salty and all the cheese was gooped up at the bottom, instead of being nicely melted and toasted at the top.  It still was good...but for me, definitely not good enough to finish my little cup portion. The reminiscent-of-Cheesecake-Factory feel - while the ambiance was pretty, everything about the place, decor, book-style menu, an unfocused menu...made me feel like I was at the Cheesecake Factory. Eh. Not my favorite of restaurants. The salad- yeah, I know this was above in the pros section. And I stand by the fact that my Caesar was pretty good.  I just wish the salad was a bit crisper.All in all, it's one of those places you come because it's "there"...or you need to entertain your children by sending em over to indulge in the sugar side while you try to enjoy yourself in the 'brasserie' side.  Probably won't be craving this place, but wouldn't be against coming here again.
2	If not for the delicious turkey crepe and cookies I would have given this one star. The service was horrible, the decor obnoxious and the cupcake desserts were, I kid you not,  4/5th icing (seriously gross).  Our waitress was no newbie, but maybe she had too many tables, maybe she wasn't too bright or maybe she was just so slow that she couldn't recall the order by the time she got to the computer. She totally forgot our appetizer and I appreciate the fact that she owned up to it twenty minutes later.  By the time our food finally arrived, the pasta was cold, but we were so hungry we didn't send it back.  Stick to the carry out desserts.
4	We found the Sugar Factory on a random outting the night we landed in Vegas - It was one of the few places open to eat at such a late time (3 AM - perfect for late night craves). Their menu ranges from breakfast, crepes, pastas, burgers & desserts - it's a bit overwhelming. We just asked our waitress what she recommended and she wasn't kidding when she said we have to try the Fettucine Alfredo (which normally i would never order as my choice in pasta) - but really it was SO surprisingly good that I wish I knew the recipe for it! Their sauce is very flavorful with a hint of garlic & the pasta was cooked PERFECTLY, It looks very plain to the eye but it tastes amazing!!  So to make me crave a dish I normally don't even like - it has to be pretty darn good. I ended up going back there 3 times just to eat the pasta again & again!
2	Nice atmosphere (Cheesefactory Susie? Hmm, I thought it was nicer than that, very airy and not dark, so not in agreement there). That said, their claim to fame is that you have a front seat to the Bellagio fountains/fountain show, but this would only be meaningful if the ground underneath them were raked or they had a second floor. As it is you have lamp poles, people, street traffic and more people blocking you so you see the tips and vertical glimpses of the fountain; big deal. (we were on the patio outside!) It's all about what you ordered, yes? So it feels absolutely right to give a two star to our specific food, but having been there the one time and trying three dishes I do feel a little bad giving the experience a two star. I didn't care for the hyper too large menu ("unfocused" -yep, thank you Susie Q for nailing this). Service from our waitress was a 2 also; our bus person on the other hand was a 5!  He kept her accountable when she wouldn't check in with us.We had crepes: a dinner crepe which name I can't recall and two dessert crepes, berry and banana split. The dinner crepe was said to come with with greens as part of the dish, but it was a garnish not a featured ingredient. It was so salty it masked the subtler tastes of the many ingredients. The berry crepe- single one- was excellent but too small a serving for the price; the larger banana one was okay, but don't expect a crepe tasting treat because the more generous filling overwhelmed the single crepe. The whole single crepe thing was mystifying. If you are going to be generous with the filling, provide more than one crepe--this is the cheap part remember? It's like serving Fajitas and getting one tortilla. Wouldn't go there again- a $66 bill for a small not-great meal; will gamble elsewhere. Don't miss the real Sugar Factory- the candy shop- next door!!
4	I just went to the candy shop side of this place, so my review is only for that. A 24 hour candy shop in Vegas? Seriously, how did it take so long for this to happen? I have to admit, I do have a huge sweet tooth, so this was a great find for me.  We decided to try their candy bars which were good. My favorites were the S'mores, Dark Chocolate with Raspberry, and the White Chocolate with Key Lime.  The Pretzel and Chocolate was a nice combination as well. They were 5 for 10 bucks at the time, so I'm not sure how long that special is going on, but it's a good deal.Besides the chocolate bars, they have bins with candy, cupcakes, brownies and a bunch of other sweets. There is a restaurant next to it, that has some really good looking food, so maybe my next trip will include a stop there.The workers there are super friendly and really nice offering to help you find the treat that will help meet your sweet craving.If you like candy, or anything sweet, give this place a try.
1	Okay a friend and I came here tonight and did not enjoy it at all. We got seated, and it took a while until our waiter finally greeted us and asked for drinks. (I understand they were a little busy but come on.. we waited forever and it wasn't that big of a restaurant and there were plenty of waiters.) Later on he came back and we placed our order. We ordered the spinach artichoke dip as an appetizer, there was a strong sour taste in the dip... didn't like it all that much. Just a few moments later my friend got her  raspberry crepe. she said it tasted okay.. she was done with her food even before mine came. Almost an hour later I still have not gotten my order. I ordered the Apple Pie waffles. Moments later a guy in a suit came (I think the manager) came and asked if we were doing okay and I told him that I was missing my order. He told us its coming. and thennnn later on.. our waiter came back and told us he didn't put my order in. I said "I've been waiting for my waffles."  and his reply was "OH, I didn't put that order in, do you want me to put it in NOW?" i was like.. OMGGG are you kidding me?!?!!!! (I guess he forgot??) ugh, I was so hungry I decided I would wait.  okay so after like 2 hours later finally my waffles came!!!  It was two tiny little waffles with some apples on top and vanilla ice cream. BUT.. it was cold and nasty, the ice cream was all melted and i could not even take two bites out of it, I was beyond disappointed. Also the prices on their menu is not the same as the one that showed up in our receipts. Everything we ordered was a dollar more. (for example the Apple pie waffles on the menu was $11, on the receipt $12. Also the crepe $12 and on our receipt they charged $13) I know its only a dollar.. but still. Get your prices right. I can honestly say that I will never go back here again..PS - Serendipity III or Max Brenner (both at Caesar's Palace) is a way better option.
5	the best place to get tasty food late night, besides in and out burger! hahaha!it was recently my first time in vegas, and as it is always the case for vacationing anywhere new, I was looking for a fun and tasty place to eat. but where to go, where to go? not far from our hotel, we stumbled upon this place and it was the best random walk-in i ever did. love love love the macaroni pops and the fetticini alfredo... in addition, they have decent drinks and a fun late night wait staff..if ur hungry and its late, go here to eat! even at 4:30am, they will be friendly and the food will be tasty!
2	Why did I rate this place 2 stars?-1 for host, hostess and store cashier with attitude.-1 for closing down the "chocolate factory" because of a celebrity. Defeats the purpose of why I came here.-1 frozen hot chocolate. Hmmm ... Where have I seen that from?+ 1 our nice accommodating server+ I'd you get the chance to sit outside, go for it. You'll enjoy watching people and making fun of them.
1	TERRIBLE!!!!! Service, food, attitude, wait time, etc.... all terrible. Went here cause we heard so much hype. We thought it would be a good idea to celebrate my wife's 40th b-day. We ordered Caesars Salad. You'd think you would get the garlic bread at the same time...Nope... 15 minutes later. Waitress never comes by to ask what we want for entree so when she finally came by to take our salad plates I told her we want to order NOW. I ordered the NY steak. If you like over-salted steak where when you chew you still get crunchiness of the salt, than this is the place to go. 2 bites was enough for me to return it. "Do you want another?", no... everyone else in my party are already done eating. I'll fill myself with dessert instead. We finally order... I specifically remind the waitress that we're here to celebrate my wife's b-day so I remind her again to not forget candles in her sundae... and of course she does. She only brings out my wife's sundae and not mine. Of course my wife starts eating hers before it melts. Oh yay... 15 minutes later here comes my dessert... my wife is already done with hers... Oh look.. I'm the one who gets the candle... Thx for nothing. We ask for plates to go with my dessert... 5 minutes later still no plates. Asked the waitress where are my plates? "I'm getting them right now." I'm so fed up. "FORGET THE PLATES... GET YOUR MANAGER INSTEAD!!!". Now here I am arguing with the manager how his employees ruined my wife's birthday dinner (he just didn't get it.)... Again... TERRIBLE!!!!
4	Me and my friends had a GREAT Time there! Food was awesome and the service excellent.  Very clean, light  and airy, the upstairs deck is wonderful to visit and lounge on a warm Las Vegas day.  Only negative No bathrooms in the place! You have to leave the restaurant and go back out into the casino area to find a rest room! Very Major design flaw there but not so much that it bothered our good time :-)
1	went here.. 0 service.. sat for 15 minutes no service came to our table. we just got up and left.. really horrible service. i believe all the reviews about the horrible service here now. don't waste your time. try serendipity 3 instead. 100% better service and menu. doesn't take 3 hours to eat here
4	A candy shop with real food, too? Yes, please! The menu is huge and there are so many things I wanted to try from sweet to savory crepes, burgers, pasta, salad and desserts for days! Set up like an upscale diner the ambiance was fun and the service was good. We started off with fried macaroni balls, they were delicious, but only came with three for the table. After much debate on my entree choice, I settled on the bleu burger which was delicious, juicy and huge. I ate every bite, and it was well worth it. For dessert we had the cookies sundae which was good, though I wish there was more ice cream and less whip cream. Overall, I would recommend this place, but be prepared for a large bill, even if you don't order alcohol.
3	I have been hearing about this place for quite some time now...how great their desserts are and about all the celebrity sightings.  Since I had family in town, I decided to give it a try.  We had a great server.  I believe her name is Heather.  She was very attentive and friendly.  We ordered various sandwiches and pasta dishes.  All the dishes we ordered were pretty good, not phenomenal, but pretty good.  Yup, we tend to try one another's food.  I ordered a fluffer nutter milkshake which I enjoyed thorougly.  It was extremely thick.  I tasted more peanut butter then fluff.  I would have to say I like fluff better.  We perused the candy store as well.  The couture lollipops were pretty to look at but at $25 dollars I decided to pass.  I'm pretty sure I'll come back as I need constant sweets for my sweet tooth.  Plus, this place is open very late.
2	I will start by saying my expectations were low. Let me continue by saying thank goodness. The food was ok, not good or great just palatable. But here's where the problem really lies...the service or lack thereof. There is a large staff running around, for what I'm not sure. There were quite a few issues but let me ask you this...How do you eat a huge open faced tuna melt with no fork or knife, I tried but...no napkins? We constantly had to flag down someone for service basics. Not on one visit but two. Yep they're open late and we're suckers for punishment. I understand, you're new and you're working out kinks, but Roland as much as your apologies were overflowing and kind, they couldn't have been more insincere and though you smiled politely the urge to roll your eyes at me was barely repressed. I realize the crisis management of an opening is hard to handle but that's why you're the manager. Breathe deeply and get your s...t together.
2	Good idea, nice concept, probably not a bad business.Review on the restaurant part:TERRIBLE SERVICEKitchen cannot keep up, and the servers have too much to handle.Plan on being there for a long time and be ready to send back food and hot drinks for being cold -not even lukewarm.Food is a big meh, but the whole experience is not bad, especially the sugar high.It basically caters to the simple sweet tooths in a creative way.
5	This place feels like an upscale soda fountain/ice cream shoppe with a Cheesecake Factory-like menu.  Service was a bit slow initially.  It took awhile for someone to come over and take our drink orders but it was fine because the menu is pages and pages long so it took awhile for me to decide what I wanted.  Service was good after that initial lag.  (Btw, came here on a Friday night after 1 a.m. and it was about 75% full when we arrived and most tables were taken soon after we got there.)I ended up ordering the Pasta Carbonara and absolutely loved it!  To drink I had a cocktail called Grape Crush.  Though a bit watered down it was very sweet and tasted just like candy so I enjoyed it.  I tried my dining companion's fluffer nutter milkshake and it was so sweet, rich, thick, and creamy with a strong fluffer nutter taste to it - in other words, delicious!!  Had a table inside right by the patio so it was a great spot for taking in the view of the Strip and people-watching.  Overall I was really satisfied with my experience here and would definitely come back again!Edit: I went back in September and once again I got the Pasta Carbonara and my dining companion got the Tomato Basil Pizza (so good but also so huge!).  We split the Classic Sundae with caramel sauce for dessert.  The sundae was just ok, I've definitely had better and it could have had more caramel.
2	Food is good when you can get it. The service is atrocious. Tried it twice and the first time service was ok and the second time I wanted to end my life or the servers
2	I hope this place gets better with age.  It serves food 24 hours, which I need after late nights at work.  However, the service is AWFUL.  The hostesses are cranky.  The wait staff seems like this is their first time (and, yes, I've been more than a few times).  The food comes out in weird orders - like my co-workers ice cream sundae coming out before the appetizers.  We waited a good 10 minutes for water and when she finally brought water, she brought a try of full glasses, slowly placing a full glass down and then picking up the empty, never been filled glass off the table.  This took entirely too long.  Where was the water pitcher?  I had a cheese pizza.  Hard to go wrong there.  It wasn't great but it was late night food and it did it's job.  We also ordered a caesar salad which was so over dressed I couldn't eat it.  My husband liked his jolly rancher cocktail.  I hear all the candy type cocktails are great but I wasn't in the mood.  Oh, Kim Kardashian was seated just as we were leaving if you care about that sort of thing.
3	Yay!  They opened up Sugar Factory!  I was super excited to visit the place.  Sugar Factory is located along the strip outside of the Paris Hotel.  Memorial weekend was crazy in Vegas so the sugar factory was PACKED!  Although sugar factory has the glitz and the glamour and the gelato station, I feel like I have been to better candy stores with more variety.  I was in and out of the store within 5 minutes b/c I just wasn't surprised or amused at any of the items they sold, except for the $25+ blinged out lollipop (geez that is pricey!).If you have a sweet tooth, try visiting Serendipity's outside of the Caesar's Palace or Max Brenner inside Caesar's.  You will leave feeling much happier :)
4	The four cheese pizza will melt in your mouth...seriously it will.  I ate here for breakfast also and thought the Breakfast Crepe was pretty good.  I am very upset I never tried the PB&J pizza on their menu.  Guess that means I'll have to go back.  The Mediterrainian (sp?) salad was really good also and a HUGE portion.  They have a candy store connected to it also for your sweet tooth.
4	Breakfast was incredible! Eggs Benedict had a twist. Instead of the english muffin, it came with potatos gratin. Delicious!
2	I love anything brightly colored...I love it even more when it's something yummy I can eat.  Sugar Factory was bright, yummy and lots of fun for my eyes! Tons of eye candy and tasty treats to devour! Customer service was on point as everyone seemed eager to answer questions and show their products without being overly pushy. I adored their candied apples and wanted to bite into every single one.  Drink bar was fabulous but their cakes sucked! Dry and pathetic. I'm no master pastry chef but my 10 year old god-daughter could've made tastier cakes than these over priced rocks balls of dust they tried to pass as cupcakes.
3	I go here a lot for simple things like shakes and candy, and everytime I get an impolite employee. The employees here are young and have no patience for customers. I am a very simple person, and I never give any employee's a hard time since I work in the customer service business also. They work around tourist all day, and I understand that they can be really foolish at times but why get nasty with every face you see? I was beginning to inquire what was in a certain favor of ice cream I have seen at the counter, and as I am in mid speech she turns to talk to an employee, and I had to quit talking because she was now ignoring me. She was being playful with them sticking out her tongue and about five seconds in, she finally looked back at me. I go to ask what was in the ice cream. She told me, but with attitude. She asked if I wanted a sample, and I said no and got another ice cream favor. She dropped my cup of ice cream on the counter and walked away. Wow, I made her pretty upset just by asking what was in the ice cream? Alternatively, she was already moody about dealing have the day with people asking her that? Had another experience with a woman cashiering a few weeks before this one. She was an older lady.I love the food here but the employees.... not..so..much
4	My friend & I ended up here on a Friday afternoon because we didn't want to wait for a table at Serendipity.I guess service here is hit or miss.  The hostesses, looked like there were about 4 of them, welcomed us with smiles and sat us outside right away.  We sat there for a few minutes before someone came up and poured us water and handed us menus and walked away.  After about 10-15 minutes and no one coming to our table we pulled the guy aside and asked him who / where our server was.  He had to ask someone else and maybe another 5-10 minutes later she showed up.  I will say the booklike menu and sitting along the sidewalk for some people watching helped pass the waiting time... just a bit.After she finally came to our table, the service was great.I got a chicken club sandwich & it was enormous.  I had to break down the layers and eat them separately.  My friend who kept insisting on going to a buffet couldn't finish the burger he ordered, I think he only got through half of it.  But they were both good.We saw another table order a Goblet and decided to get one after confirmation there was alcohol in it.  We got the lollipop one from our servers recommendation, plus I wanted the big lollipop & candy necklace that came with it.  The drink actually came out before my friend came back from the bathroom and she actually waited to pour the drink at our table til he came back to give us a little show... bc we're tourists like that.That thing was delicious, but I felt my teeth rotting from all the sugar-y-ness.  I was pretty full from the actual food so I didn't drink that much.  My gung ho friend did his best, probably a gulp or two left.  Food / sugar coma ensued afterwards.I was satisfied with this Plan B.
3	We came here for lunch on a saturday.  We were seated right away for a table of 7.  There is patio seating.  we didnt wait long for the server to give us water or take the order.  Service was actually great.  The food was just ok.  I order a burger which was dry.  But the french fries were tasty and crispy.  I also went to Serendipidity and both places had okay food.  Seating for this place is much larger.  This place is open 24 hours.  I noticed the menu for midnight til 1100, the food looked pretty good.  I do want to this place after a night of clubbing or bar hopping.  the entrees range between $15 to low 20s.
4	I thought this place was amazing, despite the celebrity popularity and extremely tight security inside the shop. A uniformed cop standing by the entrance and walking around to make sure nobody is stealing the candy :) Nevertheless, I filled a bag with an assortment of tasty candy: sour gummies, cola bottles, peanut butter m&m's and Jelly Belly beans. I also had a cream cheese brownie. The cream cheese icing on top of this brownie was about 2 inches thick! I needed a fork. It was awesome. After washing down my brownie with a Fat Tuesday daiquiri, I was ready to rock the Vegas strip with my sugar and booze high! What a great night! Love this place - and I also liked the Sugar Factory inside Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. It's smaller - but it's still great and very convenient because we were staying at PH resort and casino. Can't wait to return!
4	A hip spot on the corner of Paris, this dessert shop has a great menu selection of diabetes-inducing treats. The variety of flavors makes the Sugar Factory a nice destination for groups and everyone can find something they like. The biggest complain -by far- is the pricing. Nothing is reasonable and simple concoctions like hot chocolate are near $10. Ouch.
3	This place is right outside Paris hotel.  It is a restaurant with an attached side for all the sugary concoction.  Kim Kardashian and Britney Spears are some of their paid celebrity sponsors.It's busy here.  Never realized that people love candy so much.  You can buy candy by the ounce here (like the Sweet Factory chain of candy stores).Their signature item is their Signature Series Couture Lollipop.  This lollipop holder is similar to how Lil' Jon blings up his drinking cup.  I guess this item is useful for those that are embarrassed to be walking around sucking on a lollipop attached to a boring, slim white stick.What's good about this place is that it is open 24 hours.  Great for late dining or waaay early dining for those that stumble in from all the hoopla of LV nite life.Overall, neat place for those that don't have a Sweet Factory in their hometown.
5	Fantastic and HUGE location @ Paris hotel. ! I had been to the smaller SF in Mirage and also in planet hollywood, which are also nice. This one is way bigger and serves food and desserts (although I didnt get why anyone orders food in here)!!! Its a dessert place- let them do what they do best!! Eat before you get there!! Lol!! I asked the waitress why they even have food on the menu and if she gets to throw people out when they order food or salad in there - she laughed. They had everything on the menu- sweet crepes ( I got the s'more crepe), frozen hot chocolate ( I got the peanut butter), and we also got the chocolate pizza. The crepe and pizza were amazing, The pizza was very rich- a MUST for chocolate lovers. The crepe had marshmallows, graham crackers and fudge inside and out of it. The chocolate pizza had brownie pieces, chocolate chunks, hot fudge,etc. The Pb froz hot choc was ok. It wasnt nearly as sweet as it should have been. Also- their fresh whipped cream isnt sweet. Kept bugging me because I wanted it to be. I guess its to cut the sweetness in the other foods. The service was great. We didnt even wait for a table. It was lunch time during the week. Service was great. Everyone was very nice. Prices were reasonable and we got to sit outside with a full view of the Bellagio fountains.After we ate, we shopped in the huge gift shop. I got a cute SF t shirt. Prices for gift shop are $$$. Cute though. $24-30 for T shirts, $40 for hoodies (real cute too) and they had other accessories and loose candy they sold by the pound. They also had gelato. Beautiful location, We are def going back there b4 we leave Vegas because at night starting at 5pm they open the chocolate lounge and you can get chocolate fondue at your table ($26) with whatever you want to dip in it. Cant wait for that! I saw the celeb couture lollypop things but they didnt interest me. Took lots of pics in this location. Cant wait to go back!
4	Food was great! I always have crepes and there's are my favorite. I also tried appetizers such as Creamy Artichoke & Spinach Dip, Crispy Chicken Bites, and Bruschetta but it came in a small portion. Pretty cheap appetizers that were mostly like 9 bucks. The food came in a decent time considering the place is usually busy but calling a waiter is not very easy because they are always getting new customers. I can't wait to come back for dessert again though!
4	Yayyy =) I'm a fan.Not only of the desserts (sugar) but, THE FOOD!!!The menu is extensive and is, literally, a book. Kinda reminds me of the menu/book at Cheesecake Factory. YES; THAT much food!Had the crepes with chicken, feta, and spinach. And nooooOOoo, I wasn't on a diet kick, I just like those ingredients.Friend had the turkey club crepe; and another friend had the chicken and waffles.The crepes were good but, after having tried the chicken and waffles; I wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiish, I had gotten something more substantial like their pastas or their bigger entrees.I know one of the chef's there so, he comped us our dessert(s). Plural =)Had the banana split sundae and the...get this: "everything chocolate pizza," which was dark choco syrup, chips, brownies....ughhhhh, it was delicious.The service was spectacular. Our server was soooooo nice. And when he didn't bring my drink in a timely manner because he forgot; he bought my next drink. Amazing =)BLOWS SERENDIPITY AWAY!!!!!p.s. It's open 24/7. Thank me later.
5	I must say I love it!!! Janay our food server was incredible! We only ordered deserts this visit but I will definitely be returning for a full course meal. I also must add that the serving size of each item on the menu is on the large scale. So you will leave with full tummy : )
3	Good food & service at a reasonable price
3	I wanted to really like this place, I had high expectations of course. Maybe we should go back and try the breakfast fare instead. I ordered a club and my boyfriend ordered a blue cheese bacon burger. The fried mac and cheese pops were amazingly delicious but there was only 3 smallish ones! I was expecting more than 3 for $9. :( The waitress was nice but not overly so. I think the price was too much for what I got. My boyfriend said his burger was one of the best though, and I tried a bite with only "toppings" (no beef) and it was pretty interesting. I might have to give it another try and see if it can rank higher.
2	mehhh. way too hyped up for what it is. the drinks came out lookin all nice and the first few sips were tasty.. but they weren't very strong or good after the firsts initial sips.the food was nothing spectacular either. the candy store that was connected to it was pretty amazing though. i didnt actually get to buy anything from the store because we were all going up to THE CHATEAU club upstairs and we didnt really want to hold it. haha. but the sweets did look very mouthwatering. not sure if they would taste as good as they looked though. i'll def. try it next time, but the restaurant part of it wasnt that great.
2	Came here for dinner one night after a long trip to the Grand Canyons.  My husband and I were staying at the Paris hotel so since it was the only 24-hour restaurant at the hotel we thought, why not.  We got really bad service and bad food.  It took a long time for our food to come out and then when it finally did, it was the wrong dish.  It took another 20 minutes for them to bring the right dish and when that came, the pasta was undercooked and hard!!!  At this point I was so livid.  The manager did come and apologize and assured me my meal would be ready within minutes and it was.  They finally got it right.The only pleasant thing I can say is that the dessert was amazing.  It was some sort of red velvet cake and ice cream monster.  It was humongous and soooo delicious.  They also cut our bill in half so I'm happy for that.  Hence, the two stars.Overall, the restaurant is loud with dim lighting.  It opens right up to the Sugar Factory store with candy and sweets galore!  They have these yummy candy apples in these adorable little gift boxes.  I had planned on buying some after dinner but forgot since I was so upset.  Bummer!
4	this place can cure any woman's PMS. would i lie to you about that fellas? came here with my mom, cousin, and grandfather one evening. got seated within 10 minutes. (if you have to wait longer go scoop out the giant candy store right next door. yums!) it was pretty busy so i am surprised we got in so quickly. glad we did though.our waiter was okay. not that helpful, but friendly. the menu is huge so be prepared for lots of choices. that is the downfall i had. i hate having so many yummy things to choose from.the ladies of the table decided on a nutella crepe to share along with a chocolate cookie jar milkshake while my grandfather opted for a lemon meringue tart. we waited probably 15-20 minutes for our desserts while admiring everyone else's around us. i must get back here to try the goblets. perhaps a birthday party dinner?our food came out and we were all in shock with how amazing it all looked. we def should have ordered more between the ladies, but holy sugar factory heavens was this delicious. the milkshake came in a mug that was larger than my head. i can't even make this up. i could taste so many cookies in there. i had a bite of the lemon meringue tart and even that was amazing.this place won all of us over. the prices aren't too bad either which is a great thing. typical strip prices so don't expect 6 dollars for a crepe.i cannot wait to come back here and actually try the food and some drinks. i loved the decor and will probably be making this a monthly girls hang out place.i love you sugar factory and thank you for curing my moody, no good self.
2	The Barbecue Pizza my bf ordered was ok, but my ceasers salad was very poor and loveless decorated. :( 3 pieces of lettuce uncuted and few Croutons. Parmesan cheese I couldn't even discover.  Dressing was nice, that's why i give them one Star for the Food and one for Location and Service.
5	Red Velvet Buttermilk Pancakes... need I say more? Plan on this place being your only meal of the day because you will not walk out in any way shape or form hungry. I have never been let down by the selection of this restaurant or the sparkly wonderland next door. I have a hard time walking out of this place without dropping at least $150 on food and sweets :) Vegas guilty pleasure for sure!
3	It may be a celebrity go to but it's really not all that great. We were expecting top notch for the price we were paying but some foods were just as good as Applebee's. The desserts on the other hand were scrumptious.
5	Great food! It was the first time I've had bubblegum iced tea and it was so refreshing. Perfect for the summer time season.  My friends had the artichoke dip, pizzas, and mac n cheese balls.  My favorite was the Sugar Factory Burger.. it was amazing.  My favorite dessert was the Strawberry Cheesecake Overload Sundae.  It was to die for!
5	My wife went here while staying at Paris for a conference she was attending.  She and her coworker ate dinner here after walking around the strip one evening.  The place was packed, but they only had to wait 10 minutes for a table - not bad.  My wife ordered the Factory Club sandwich with fries.  She said it was the BEST club sandwich she has ever had and cannot wait to go back for another!  Her coworker had the french onion soup and a small house salad. both of which she really enjoyed.  My wife would recommend this restaurant  and we will definitely stop in the next time we are in Vegas together!
1	I like the Gelato here and it's oooooookay in price but everything Is outrageous. I don't care for Tootsie lollipops but twenty something dollars for tiny lollys with bling bling Is just Re-dunkualous! I refuse to pay for over priced candy just because Kimmy Kardashian says so.
4	We took our 10 year old there for his birthday dinner and he was way excited about the build your own pizza he split with his little brother..1/2 bacon, Canadian bacon and meatballs and half cheese, what can I say they have different tastes. Ordered the pizza with light sauce and it came out perfect! The crust was delish and there was just enough mozzarella cheese to make it a perfect entree for my 10 and 6 year old to split. Our other entrees were the Mediterranean pasta which had a lemony taste and papardelle noodles that were a perfect al dente and a white pizza which was as yummy as one of our east coast favorites, fettuchini alfredo with shrimp which had 5 large shrimp and a surprisingly light but tasty alfredo sauce on top and a caesar salad which was a perfect starter with a creamy caesar dressing atop full romaine lettuce leaves and crunchy croutons and shaved parmesan cheese. Our food was top notch but sadly our service was not. Our server had the personality of a dead fish. When we finally had enough of her we called a manager over to let him know about her lack of personality and rude demeanor. Anthony the manager was quick to be apologetic and would not let us leave without sending an amazing dessert to end out meal with. Our party of 6 had no problem sharing the cookie sundae and the wonderful manager Anthony  sure made us "locals" feel welcome to come back again. Sugar Factory was well worth the trip and had plenty of great sweet and savory items on the menu we would surely try on our next trip back!
4	Girly Sugar Heaven!!  The menu has pages and pages of desserts, fondues, and candy inspired drinks.  The Sugar Factory is broken down into a store, front bar, restaurant, and "chocolate bar" towards the back.  From 4-7 is happy hour, and a good option since some of the candy drinks can run over $30.  My friend and I made our way to the chocolate bar since the front bar was full.  Even at the bar they have fondue stations if you want to go into diabetic coma.  I ordered the Reeses Peanut butter martini and it was probably 2000 calories but completely worth it.  The bartender was knowledgeable of all of the drinks, and kept checking in on us.  We ordered the nutella crepe and it was perfectly seared on the outside, and fluffy delicious on the inside.  The restaurant is probably overpriced/overrated, but for happy hour or drinks the bar offers a fun experience.
2	loved the swedish fish cocktail - not a huge fan of the fried chicken and waffles.. enjoyed the fried mac and cheese balls... not a priority to go back, wouldn't recommend
3	The Sugar Factory is a rather confusing place to visit late at night.  The hostess led us through an intricately decorated, lightly attended nightclub of sorts, but after a few turns we wound up at a service counter in a store packed with teenagers.  What is going on here?  While the nightclub was sedate, this store was almost riotous with bored youth standing around stoically not doing much of anything, not even buying anything.  We surmised that there was really no line at all, and put in our order for some ice cream.  I kept it pretty simple opting for a "small" cup of straciatella; I was just here accommodating my girlfriend's craving for some ice cream.  We quickly left the store and had a seat in the nightclub area.  I guess there they have a menu where you can order elaborate ice cream dishes at $16 a pop and enjoy them in sleek club chairs in dimly lit rooms.  Meh.  I was happy to have the same ambiance with my $5 takeaway cup.  The ice cream was creamy and very sweet, perhaps too sweet.  They fill up the small cup beyond overflowing, so you might be forgiven for thinking that you ordered a large by mistake.  Overall, the ice cream was good and worth having.  I especially liked the rich selection of choices too.  Another thing they have going for them is that there are really no other ice cream places open late at night nearby, so they sort of have the monopoly.  The clear downside is that it becomes a de facto hangout for the underage crowd which doesn't pair very well with the nearby go-go dancers, gambling, and open drunkenness.
5	I've been here about six or seven times at this point and still LOVE this place. I've brought all of my friends here and have even hosted a large group here because I knew it would be a fabulous experience for everyone. The service sometimes varies between good and outstanding; however, the food has always been so amazing that it makes up for everything. My friends and I have had a variety of items on the menu and our meals have always managed to fit all of our budgets (especially since most items are large enough to be shared). If you're touring Vegas and hoping to catch a celebrity sighting, drop by here on a weekend. We've seen everyone from Carmen Electra to New Kids on the Block. I never go ANYWHERE ELSE to satisfy my sweet tooth.
4	This is a very fun place to gather before hitting the clubs or the strip to sightsee.  Large circular tables are great for groups, and the decor is so pretty, yet you won't feel intimidated.  There's something for everyone-the restaurant, the store, the bar...  I've eaten breakfast, dinner *and* dessert here.  Must do's:  the dessert pizza, the ice cream (to DIE for) and the coffee!! It's not cheap, but it's very reasonable for a strip location.  If you're in a small party, they have great little tables facing the strip so you can see all the action :)  The manager is top-notch.  If you want a sweet that isn't listed on the menu, go next door to the cafe/walk-up.  They might have it :)
5	I have been sugar factory pretty much every chance i get while im in vegas. Their breakfast & lunch are amazing. The food is very fresh and well prepared. Try the club, its really good. Their drinks are very very good. Overall its a really hip & at the same time classy restaurant. definitely check it out
4	My best friend and I are beyond excited when we stumbled upon this place. We had previously been to the candy store inside of Planet Hollywood and were not impressed with the overprices designer lollipops. But a restaurant, candy store/store?! Now that was smart thinking! We both got burgers... one turkey, one veggie, both were amazing. The alcoholic drinks range from about 13- 36 dollars depending if you want a single or a large drink to share between friends. The food is also very reasonable, specially for the yet again, overpriced strip. What I did notice is many groups did not finish the large ones, and commented that while good, they were waaaay sweet, so just plan ahead on that. I think this is a place many people will visit more than once... one time for a meal, one time for desserts, and one time for the yummy drinks. So glad your around sugar factory, because lets face it, we are all kids at hearts... candy candy candy!!!!
3	I was a little disappointed about  the decor inside, I thought the decor would be all cute-candy themed stuff. I was expecting lots of pink but instead the restaurant part was all black with some red  with lots of chandeliers. I was thinking cute but instead I got gothic. Now, don't get me wrong - I don't mind the actual decor I was just expecting something totally different and I don't feel that the name and the decor match at all.Alright, no more venting over the decor - I promise!!!!You can pretty much see/watch the water show from the Bellagio across the street from every seat in the restaurant- I thought that was pretty cool!!!Initially service was fast and the food was out before we knew it. -Cheese Pizza- Tasty and bigger than what I thought it would be-Steak Sandwich- I was told that it was really good and again it was                                   a  good sized sandwich-Grilled Chicken Club- I was told this was really good as well and yes                                           it  was large-Monte Cristo- This was my choice and it was really small as compared to all the other dishes on the table. However, it did taste really yummy and I really enjoyed the sweet tomato relish. I would order this again but I just wish it wasn't minature.*Every dish except for the pizza had a plentiful amount of french fries*Fast service in the beginning but slow service in the end. Our dessert took forever and we ordered the Chocolate Fondue for 2. I kept inquiring as to what the heck was going on and the waitress kept saying that the chocolate takes time to melt, hmm.....Well, finally the dessert came and just to let you know even though we were a party of 4 the Fondue for 2 was enough for us. You can save money that way- You get brownie bites,gummy bears,bananas, strawberries,pound cake, marshmallows and bread. It was fun and messy!!!! Everything was good except for the pound cake- Sara Lee Pound cake from your local supermarket tastes way better than theirs...I informed the waitress of the yucky pound cake and she said it's because they freeze the pound cake but if you don't like any of the options you can double on the ones that you do enjoy like double marmallows instead of the pound cake option. So I thought that was good info to know......  All in all everyone at the table enjoyed their food and had fun with the chocolate fondue so I wouldn't mind coming back....
4	I visited Sugar Factory with a large group of coworkers. I wasn't quite sure what to expect because I could not find a menu online but I was pleasantly surprised overall.The location is a combination restaurant/candy store/bar. Only in Vegas, really.The service was very attentive but they seemed a bit unprepared for the vegetarians at our table. However, there was no delay in the food. All of the omnivores raved about their meat dishes.For desert, they brought our group to a back room with a bar and a buffet of candy assortments which was truly the highlight of the evening.
4	So this place was a tip from a fellow friend of mine. He said that he often frequents here after a night out on the strip. So, what we did was eat here twice during our stay here. I was definitely impressed both times. I ordered a Sundae - the Cookie Jar sundae to be exact. The icecream was pretty much amazing and they make it pretty decently priced. The whipped cream was heavy and the toppings were just layered on and on. The best part was that my friend ordered a goblet drink to share between the both of us. I believe that we ordered the berry one - as suggestion from our waiter. This drink was pretty strong. Especially from drinking all day... This was a really good top to the night. The service is nice, though I guess it's in typically LV fashion to come by the table when we don't need the service, but we have to wait for days on end when we requested the check. The ambiance here is nice. There will always be a mixed crowd here. I remember being here at 3am and seeing an elderly couple, it was quite sweet. Pro: Amazing sweet treats, nice settingCon: Slow service at times.
3	So after hitting up downtown Las Vegas, my cousin's and I decided to head back to the Paris hotel, where we were staying at, and drink at a bar over there.So we found the Sugar Factory. The inside and outside of this place look pretty cool.  They have tons of pictures of celebrities that have been there. And in the menu they remind you of all the celebrities that have been there. I guess thats how they got famous?But looking at the menu, they had some interesting, expensive drinks.  All the drinks in the menu had a candy theme to it and the prices ranged from $14-$35.  None of my family got anything from the menu. We just ordered regular drinks (i got a jack and coke which cost $9). haha.  And they also have a $99 king kong sundae. which can feed 11 people and consist of a lot of stuff.. you gotta be crazy to order that! lolThe bartenders were cool and made sure the drinks came out to our liking.The Sugar Factory store was interesting. My sister wanted to buy a Hello Kitty lollipop holder for her daughter. Until she found out that they were $25. Waste of money for sure! And honestly: The sweets that they had on display didn't look appetizing at all.. They looked way to sweet and also looked like they were sitting there for a long time.Will I be back? Ehhh.. Probably not.  Well maybe. Just to see if there is any celebrities inside. hahaaha!
2	I had high expectations upon my arrival at Sugar Factory. It's a new dessert place on the Strip... how can you go wrong?!While I only ordered cupcakes and cannot speak for other dishes offered, my experience was sub par to say the least.I ordered the recommended lemon cupcake only to find out they were out.  So my boyfriend ordered cookies and creak and I settled for molten lava or something along those lines.  My dessert arrives as a delightfully presented masterpiece.  As I stuck my fork into the cake... the frosting mound just fell off the cupcake and the dessert crumbled before my eyes.  It was dry enough to have been sitting for at least a day in the hot Vegas sun.  The waitress was polite and brought a slightly more moist replacement. I ate about a third or my $4.50 cupcakes and left the restaurant wishing for a chocolate gelato shake from Jean Phillippe or a frozen hot chocolate from Serendipity... both located within walking distance across Vegas blvd from my disappointing experience.
4	All I have to do is tell you what we ate:(hubby) red velvet pancakes with white chocolate sauce, candied orange zest, and fruit jam on the side(me) signature waffles topped with blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, and blackberries and drizzled with your choice of white, milk, or dark chocolate sauce(we) spinach, cheese, and pepper omelet we couldn't resist finishing with their fresh, hot donuts served plain, simply dusted with powder sugar with your choice of milk chocolate and white chocolate dipping sauce, and/or sprinklesgo to sugar factory and have a party in your mouth!
5	I saw the sign and it opened up my eyesI saw the sign...I was just wandering through the casino in the Paris hotel with Brian V., David P., and Tyler H., drink in hand, having a great old time when I was literally stopped in my tracks by a sign. This sign, placed right in my path through the casino, was the most beautiful sign in the whole world. I gasped, and screamed, and jumped with glee...no, really, I did. I took it as a very literal sign from the heavens, because it spoke my language and was most definitely put there just for me. I saw the sign and it opened up my eyesI saw the sign...And I obeyed the sign and did what it told me to do and it did indeed open up my eyes...and it changed my life!What was this sign all about Carrie D.?The sign had a picture of what appeared to be a smores martini complete with a toasted marshmallow garnish. That alone would have made me gasp, but it was what the sign said that made me gleefully scream and jump..."Happy Hour 4-7pm Drinks 1/2 price"Oh hell yeah...thank you Jesus!!! The four of us looked at the sign,  looked at each other, and then looked to the bar on our left...it was the backside of the bar in the Sugar Factory. We walked over to the bar...who am I kidding, we ran to the bar. We were greeted by two lovely gentlemen who quickly handed us the specialty drink menu. OMG!!!!! Candy themed drinks!!!! I was in heaven!!! This is like my best Willy Wonka dream come true...it is the big candy room with booze!!! There were several candy themed martinis (Hubba Bubba Bubble Gum, Pop Rocks, Swedish Fish, etc.) but what caught our eyes were the 36 oz. candy themed goblets. Giant goblets of booze??? Ding ding ding, we have a winner. We ordered the Lollipop Passion and the White Gummy at the bar and then sat ourselves down on the leather couches in front of the bar, out in the casino. We were so excited we could barely contain ourselves, and then it happened, the two lovely bartenders walked out to where we were seated and the presentation of the drinks began. What? There is a presentation too??? Awesomesauce! They placed two glass goblets filled with ice and dry ice down on our golden tree stump tables, poured the glorious liquid out of the shakers into the glass, and garnished them with candy. They were bubbling, smoke emitting, visions of glorious boozey goodness!!!Lollipop Passion - A beautiful green concoction of Melon, coconut, and general yumminess garnished with rainbow unicorn lollypops and candy necklaces.White Gummy Bear - Tasted just like a white gummy bear and was garnished with, what else, my favorite...gummy bears. Fantastic!The couches were tall but the golden tree stump tables and straws were short, so we did what any self-respecting grown adults would do when faced with this dilemma...we sat on the floor of the Paris hotel casino and enjoyed our drinks. We drew quite alot of attention what with the floor sitting, giant bubbling smokey drinks, and constant giggling. But we had the best time ever...and the drinks were delicious!Martinis - Reg. $ 16/ HH $8Goblets - Reg. $36/ HH $18The drinks were so awesome that Brian V. and I had to bring our friends Larry L. and Cher M-L. with us a couple of days later to try more drinks. We stayed off the floor this time but ordered two more goblets:Twinkie - Tastes just like a Twinkie and is garnished with, what else, an actual Twinkie. The only problem with this drink is that the cream inside the drink mixed with the bubbling dry ice creates a volcano of big, creamy, seemingly never ending, bubbles that erupt out of the glass and on to the table, floor, you. Very messy, but yummy just the same. And did I mention it tastes just like a liquid Twinkie? Magic!Ocean Blue - Looks like the beautiful blue ocean, tastes like Hypnotiq, and comes garnished with gummy sharks. What more is there to say except it was amazing!I love candy and I love booze and the bar at The Sugar Factory serves both...together...at the same time...in giant goblets...with dry ice. Is it boozey candy...or is it candy booze? Whatever, it is a Carrie D. dream come true.
1	So today we decided to come here for my best friends daughter's birthday dinner, and our waitress after taking our drink and food order she gave our table to another waitress...our first waitress was so unfriendly and her dirty looks were not appreciated. The waitress that took over our table was nice but didn't make up for the first waitress. She had ruined our whole experience. The food was alright, but the customer service was not impressive. I won't return to this restaurant.
1	Granted, this place was only open a month at the time - there were the the tell-tale signs of dishes crashing to the floor in the kitchen - but there's still no excuse for taking over 30 minutes for an ice cream sundae to get to the table. Our server explained that the sundaes were coming from "retail." Meaning it's not coming from the kitchen but instead from their candy store in the adjoining room. Who ever heard of such a thing?
4	HUGE menu.  and open 24 hours a day...i think.  I went here for dinner on a monday night.  Pretty dead even right smack dab in the middle of dinner time.  Lots of empty tables.  We sat on the patio which was perfect for people watching on the strip.  I mean where else do you get dinner and a show like the drunkards and entertainment of people walking down the strip?!The food was good enough.  Not the best i've ever had in vegas but still quite tasty.  I started with the mac and cheese pops which were my favortie part of my meal.  They are served in almost a tomato bisque sauce that was very tasty.  It seemed like they were in more of a corn dog wrapper rather than usual bread crumb style of other fried mac and cheese i've had.  Quite tasty.  Then we had a peanut butter frozen hot chocolate, which was had chunks of ice that were a little too big.  Kinda ruined the flavor, which was a little peanut butter heavy and not enough chocolate for my taste.  Then we finished off with a rattatoullie crepe which was also decent.  I was a little too full to order dessert but will be back for sure to do so.  I saw some other peoples sugary temptations at the tables next to us.  MMMMMMM.My grievance was that the table was a little too small, and the dishes came out to quick for us to quite finish them comfortably.  But friendly enough staff, and got off cheaply enough with three things for twenty bucks split between my and a friend.OH and the candy store next door is pure evil!  i was sooo tempted to eat everything available in there, but had to stop myself!  its fun to walk around in it though after eating.
3	This place is located in the Paris, and does serve more than just sweets and ice cream.  Stumbled in here with a 14 drunken souls and was surprised at the diversity of the menu.  I had the steak and frittes.  Overall not too bad, the steak was a bit tough.  My buddy had the chicken and waffles and looked pretty darn good.  Don't get me wrong, didn't look or taste anything like I used to get on the south side of Chicago, but it was still good.  This is a good alternative to Mon Abi Gabi if you are in the area.
5	Delicious & cute!!!!Great place for groups, dress nice because this place is very posh!There's a great view of Bellagio's fountains if you're close to a window so you can enjoy the show as you're eating.The classic burger is so yummy and was such a hit with us!Definitely go next door and buy some yummy candy afterwards :-)
4	Great place to have breakfast with your entourage after a long night in Vegas.  The menu reminds me of the "book" from Cheesecake factory, just no ads (from what I think I remember.)  Had the steak and eggs, came with home fries and toast.  Not too bad on the price but not cheap either.  It was magically delicious!  Service was just 'ok'.  The drinks looked good, but my wallet was already weeping from the previous night.  Next door has a plethora of sweets to choose from!
3	Located at Paris. Always open. Food was yummy. Big location compared to the other smaller shops I've been to. Asked for my eggs lightly scrambled but got them well done. Country sausage and potatoes made up for it though.
4	3 stars for friendly waiter, ambiance and the perfect location(just outside bellagio fountain). Although its on the strip,having lunch here feels being away from all the noise that's outside.Food presentation and the taste are very good.Try the cocktails!!
4	Was just in Vegas over the Labor Day week (stayed at Paris) and after a looong night out found that the only eatery open in our hotel was the Sugar Factory American Brasserie. Not expecting much (it was 3 a.m.) and not wanting to venture out of the hotel we begrudgingly sat down. Wow were we wrong. My wife ordered Steak and eggs ($16 bargain in LV!) and without a doubt had to be one of the tastiest and tender steaks in a long long time. It rivaled the other big name restaurants that charge $45+ for the same steak. It was grilled perfectly (again it was 3 a.m.). I ordered the Smoked Salmon Omelette which was also very good and huge, so big that I could not finish the entire meal. Our service was well above par (again 3 a.m.). We were so happy with our experience we dined there 2 more times during our stay. Our final meal was a lunch the day we left and sat outside and watched the Bellagio fountains perform their spectacular dance.
5	This is the BEST place to have a romantic dinner with your significant other, or a wonderful place to be after your show on the strip.  We stopped in here for breakfast after midnight.  We found out they had Red Velvet pancakesfor breakfast, and there was no way to drag my backside out of bed before they stopped serving them at 10:30am, so late at night was my only choice.  So, after ordering them we were able to sit inside with the windows open when the bellagio fountain's went off it was the best free show on the strip.    Then I got the amazing joy of enjoying the stack of Red Velvet pancakes with cream cheese icing.  I will being going here and ordering them as often as possible!
3	When I visited Vegas and read about the couture pop I want to stop by it's ok for what I had which was chicken fingers and drinks. Now the drinks are good but they are pricey and yes I will be going back.
4	3.5 stars. It is a really cute but expensive candy store attached to a lovely modern "brasserie." It is located in the front of Paris across from Bellagio and the Fountains of Bellagio. The decor is a bit too dark and black for me, especially in the daytime when I'm ordering from their 30+ breakfast-brunch items, but it's nice in a modern way -- and also a bit generic. Our server was really nice but very busy. It took a while to get refills on water and to get checked on when we needed to get extra condiments or whatever.We ordered the chicken salad, the steak sandwich, hamburger and banana split waffle for lunch. The hamburger was okay. I like the bun, but the patty was underseasoned. The fries were really good, though. The steak sandwich is recommended and was pretty tasty. However, the banana split waffle was sub-par. For one thing, my waffle wasn't crispy, maybe it was a bit underdone or stale, because it was pretty rubbery. The toppings were delicious, though -- milk chocolate sauce with rice crisps, bananas, smooth vanilla ice cream (or was it gelato? I can't remember), and strawberries. Delicious; I just was disappointed by the waffle.We also had the chocolate fondue for 2 people, which turned out to be more than enough for 5 people, although three of the people didn't eat that much of it. The fondue was delicious (we had chocolate and chose milk chocolate) with the following things to dip:Bananas (yum)Pound cake (terrible -- too dry, kept breaking up when you tried to skewer it)House-made marshmallows Nut breadStrawberriesAll in all, I did have a  great lunch, but I was surprised at how expensive everything was. Yeesh. We'll come back for a treat the next time we're in town. Thanks.
1	WHAT a nightmare. 5 stars for the food, no question, but zero stars for the headache that ensued after. for starters, they got an order wrong. understandable, we had a large party. then we waited like 30 min to get the correct order (a sandwich). again, understandable, it was busy. here's where it gets ridiculous. the waiter brought my friend a cupcake for her birthday, saying it was "on him."  it shows up on the bill. along with the sandwich we didn't order, the sandwich we did order, double charged for several items, and several mystery items. there was over $150 of extra stuff added to our bill. after correcting all of it, we write out how much we each agreed to pay on the back of the bill, gave him our cards, and he walked away. he comes back, instead of doing as we asked, he's split the bill evenly. no. we send him back AGAIN, and he charges our cards the proper amount. 3 days later, no one has gotten our money back. my meal was $17, and i was charged 70 PLUS the 23 i agreed to pay. over $100 for fettucini alfredo? it wasn't THAT good. i ended up paying SIX TIMES the amount of my meal. some of us have been over drafted, some have been penny pinching since then, some didn't have money for our last day in vegas, it has been an absolute fiasco. needless to say, our party of ten will NOT be returning. the food WAS really good, don't get me wrong. but you can get equally as good food, cheaper, and without aggravation, at olive garden.
2	Meh.Just the branding of the name and located in Vegas Strip.I got gelato ice cream and it was overpriced. It was good, but a small scoop for nearly 6 bucks wasn't worth it to me. The flavor was not even an exotic one: Chocolate Hazelnut.It's a cute store with a lot of things for display, but really alright for me.
3	I must say, I wasn't too impressed with this place. If you've seen one candy place, you've seen them all.  I must say, this place as big as it is, still is no Dylans (NY).  Cupcakes, cookies, candy...every piece of sugary thing you could think of however all they are missing was a chocolate fondue :(The cupcakes also looked very old so that was a no-no for me as well.
4	Decided to stop here after we saw Anthony Cools on Saturday.  It was late so all we wanted was dessert.  We sat outside and it was a beautiful night.  They had a heater going in case it was too cold for some people.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive.  We ordered the red velvet cake sundae to share.  It was awesome.  3 scoops of delicious ice cream, pieces of red velvet cake, homemade whip cream, fresh raspberries, and sauces.  It was plenty for 2 people to share.  Only complaint is that it could have used more cake pieces  When it came to pay, I handed the waiter our total rewards card so i would get the points for dining.  When he came back he said, I forgot to tell you, Total Rewards members get 20% off.  That was awesome.  We will definitely be back here o try the real food.  After seeing the menu and some of the dishes other tables had ordered, it look like this will be a place worth a repeat visit!
5	Delish! We stopped by Sugar Factory around brunch time. We put down our names and were told there would be a 15 minute wait. We took our buzzer and headed a few steps away into the candy shop section of the store. About 5 minutes later (just enough time to get a chocolate chip cookie and brownie) we were buzzed and seated. They had a pretty good assortment of items to choose from and have a decent sized cocktail menu which features drinks in fun goblets. I ordered the tomato/mozzarella pizza and my boyfriend order steak sandwich with fries. My pizza was supposedly an individual sizd portion but it was eight slices and I definitely had to get the rest to go. It was delicious, had a hint of garlic, chewy crust, a tad too much cheese for my taste but overall tasty. My boyfriend devoured his steak sandwich and fries. I'm not normally a french fry eater but i could help snatch a few.For our two meals we paid $36 before tip (the only drinks we got were waters).Our waiter was super friendly and attentive. I felt that he was genuinely kind and didnt have the fake/snobby attitude as the hostesses in the front did. The bistro and the candy shop are both DEFINITELY places that i'll return to during my next trip.
4	my gfs and I went here 4 lunch. . .Nicole was our server. . .she was FANTASTIC!!! super friendly and attentive!We ordered grilled chicken crepe and the turkey n brie crepefor dessert we had the rasberry dessert crepeEverything was delish!!!2 my of my gfs ordered expresso and it came in HUGE mugs! they couldn't finish.The ambiance is cute french yet modern style.
2	Not sure where everyone else was eating, but we were very under-whelmed.  And for the price, that's just not right.Food was at best "average" - certainly edible, but nothing worth going back for.  Unfortunately it was VERY expensive ($10 milkshakes?  $18 hamburgers?)  For those prices, they should be serving REALLY good food. Clearly expensive since it's right on the strip.  But in a place like this with so many other restaurants serving GREAT food, this just isn't right.Service was acceptable, the place was clean, etc.  But again, you can do a lot better within easy walking distance.  I wish we'd have just done Hard Rock or something instead for this meal.If you ARE eating here, may as well eat outside, at least you can checkout the people and the strip for the same price.
2	Service is bad! We had deserts, thue Sundae is a bunch of ice cream and whipped cream, and cocktails come fancy... even these things the slow waiter messed up!
4	Im doing this rating solely based on one drink: the cinnamon toast crunch.It actually tastes like it!!! Gotta try it!
4	Decided to check this place out after reading the reviews on Yelp. It was really easy to find on the outside corner of the Paris Hotel. We got there around 3pm for a late lunch and didn't have to wait. Our server was really great and offered a lot of good suggestions, some of which we decided to try.Upon her recommendation I ordered the turkey and brie crepe since it seemed like something you don't see on an everyday menu. It looks small when you get it, but it was very rich and filling and I didn't even finish it even though I was sooooo hungry. The arugula salad they put on the top balances the richness of the cheese out nice, so overall I thought it was a very simple, yet sophisticated dish. My friend had ordered the grilled chicken and spinach crepe and it was tasty too. Again, on our waitresses recommendation, we decided to share the vanilla creme brulee and raspberry crepe for dessert. I wasn't too blown away by this dessert and felt it sounded better on paper than it did on my palette. The raspberry sorbet I felt was the best part, but the vanilla creme in the crepe wasn't to my liking. I also ordered the Sugar Factory Cappuccino, which is made with white chocolate, and it was huuuugggee! It was sooo delicious though and I was sad I was so full I couldn't finish it. I would come back just for this.Overall, I think they have an amazing selection of desserts, it was just so hard to decide. I would definitely want to come back just to try some of the other things on the menu. The candy shop next door also awesome with a lot of cute candies, clothing and miscellaneous stuff with the cute Sugar Factory logo.
4	STEAK & EGGS!!! They use ribeye for the steak, and it was delicious! I would come here again for breakfast if I would, it was decently priced, and breakfast/brunch was good. Food was delicious! French toast was really good too. I would definitely come back for brunch. Service was kind of slow. The guy looked like he was new because he was quiet, reserved, and didn't make any eye contact. We came to the bar for happy hour at 4-7pm, the candy themed drinks were delicious, really sweet (duhh sugar factory) but it was good! Can't taste the alcohol but it was plentiful.
4	We were STUFFED by the time we got to Sugar but a friend told us we had to try it so in we went!YUM!  Thanks Valerie!  because it was so worth it for the fried Mac and Cheese pops!  So, so, so good!  mac and cheese much like Kraft, breaded nicely (not sloppily like a mozzarella stick would be) then either deep fried or baked.  Though it says fried, they seem baked.We also got the Philly Cheese Steak, which was quite good.  The bread was a little hard for me.  It is served on a long chibatta type bread, so it's just enough for one person, but the side serving of fries is generous.Service was amazing.  She was pleasant, and seemed to enjoy her job.  No one was moping about looking miserable, and the clientele wasn't loud or obnoxious.Beautiful decor.  Not what I expected, mostly black and red.  All the dishes sparkling and the tables clean and crisp.I'll definitely return to try more things next time I'm in town.
4	Great Place!I ordered some chicken fingers which were yummy!!  The prices here are definitely reasonable. Lots of different food options which is great.  Love the way it's laid out...you can even sit on the patio outside which overlooks the strip (right across the street is the Bellagio, so great fountain shows)  The candy store portion is wonderful as well...yeah you might spend $8 on a milkshake, but it really is worth it! Delicious!! I actually order mine rather plain because a lof of their shakes have a lots of glitz and glam and I'm not the biggest on uber sweet things.  They have lots of gelato flavors too!  A great place!  They even have a little bar in the back of the restaurant, the chocolate lounge...cute place!
2	Service was less than satisfactory.   Food was nothing special, not what I'd expect from a restaurant located on the Strip.  Coffee tasted burnt.  I've had better breakfast at Denneys.
4	Fried chicken and waffles!!! Delicious. They caramelized the fried chicken, so it's all crispy and sweet. The waffles were fluffy and delicious as well. I love this place!
2	I didn't expect much from this place.  It was my 14 year old daughter's birthday and she wanted to go here so we did.This place was definitely built with teenagers and teenager-wannabe girls in mind and I am none of the above so I was mostly annoyed by the bad top 40 music and the cheap-chic decor.  My daughter, of course, was mesmerized.  What they did here at the old SF is pretty apparent, they melded several different concepts together to form one big, awful monstrosity that is less than the sum of the stolen parts.  Part "brasserie" to poach customers from Mon Ami Gabi next door, they serve French onion soup and mussels and croque monsieur, part Serendipity 3, they serve big, gut-busting ice cream concoctions and frozen hot chocolate, and part Hard Rock Cafe due to their large retail element selling $35 dollar sparkly t-shirts to unwitting parents and douchbaguette rubes.Whatever.  It is what it is.  My problem was with the service.  The server was rarely seen since I had a couple of kids in tow.  You see, their game is to sell these tooth-achingly sweet cocktails that start @ 18 bucks.  Our server didn't think we'd be ordering any of the fancy cocktails, but she thought wrong.  When she finally made her way to our table to take our drink order and heard me order a Blow Pop she perked up real quick.  Constant upselling and pushing of more cocktails ensued.  When the time came when most people would be ordering a bathtub full of ice cream treats for dessert and we passed due to our profoundly bad experience up to that point, she rolled her eyes and disappeared again.  Just turned and left.  Wow.I was noticing the same sort of behavior at the tables around us.  The loud, obnoxious drinkers were getting all of the service and the families splitting $22 club sandwiches and not finishing their awful candied cocktails were ignored.  I mean, we spent over 300 bucks for 5 people and the place was barely half full.  It's not like we were drinking ice waters and taking up space.  SF is not good or cheap or charming.  Even my daughter was disappointed.  They wouldn't even make her a non-alcohol frou-frou cocktail.  What fun is that?
4	The location and decor of this restaurant is amazing. The furniture, walls, and decorations all had a very elegant in a non-old fashion way. My boyfriend and I were tired from wondering the strip and decided to stop at this location because I have a really bad case of the sweet tooth and the name of the place was just too alluring. We opted to sit on the patio next to a heater because it had the most amazing view of the fountain show at Bellagio right across the street. The food: We shared the Asparagus dip, chicken&waffles, and fries. I should have gotten those big ass goblet of sweet alcohol, which combined the dreams of a sugaralcoholic, but I resisted because it was a Sunday, and I was kinda sick, but next time. The dip was a different texture than I was used to, maybe they used different cheeses? It was gooey cheesey and it had awesome asparagus chunks in there. I also liked that they had pita chips instead of chip chips. I think pita chips are healthier...because...they're baked? right? well, that's what I told myself. Chicken&Waffles were awesome. The syrup tasted like...melted ice cream...it was magical. Fries were crispy, but we took most of it to go because we were pretty darn full. For dessert, I just really couldn't do a sundae, so we asked the server if I could get macarons from their desert case next door. We got 4 macrons of different flavor: chocolate, vanilla, passionfruit or mango, and raspberry. Unfortunately, 3/4 of those macrons had the shell where it was empty on the instead, which is just...no bueno. One had the chewy inside and crunchy outside though, so I'm guessing that was the one that was baked most recently. Empty macaron shells make me sad. :( Maybe macarons aren't their forte.Overall, great experience. I'm pretty sure sitting outside for that long even with a heater made me a little more sick, but it was worth it. It was a beautiful night with indulgent food. Our server was busy, but really accommodating and friendly. I thought it was funny, lolsy, and slighly tacky to have pictures of celebrities at the restaurant on the menus, but it's Vegas. I understood why they were there, but kinda off-putting for me personally to look at pictures of Kim K. and Paris Hilton while looking through a menu. Haters gonna hateeee. :)
1	I've been here 3 times. Only one of the three the service was good, and that's only because it was 4 in the morning. The first time I went there was with a group. We had just saw Janet Jackson at Caesar's Palace and were hungry after, so we decided to check this place out. It was fairly new at the time. We got there and were seated in a reasonable amount of time. Our waitress was a little.. ehhh a lot slow. She expressed her feelings to us as she had several tables. We then found out the Janet's nephew was coming and all the waiters were freaking out; especially her because she told us so. which we told her if she planned on working at a restaurant on the strip, she needs to get used to waiting on famous, or somewhat famous people  We had to ask for the same condiment 3 times before it was brought out as well as refills for our water. I swear she forgot about our goblet drink, we didn't get it until after we asked for it, again. after our meal, We spoke to the manager. He exclaimed she was new and was still in training. But yet she had several tables to wait on. Uh, something is not right. Then he went on talking about him and his wife eating there and how they had good service. Of course you did, you're the manager!The food was alright. a bit pricey if you ask me. I paid $11 for 3 tiny mac and cheese balls. The goblet drink was really good though. There was dry ice at the bottom, so it looked much like a goblet.Another time I came here was for a friends dinner. We had slow service too. Kourtney Kardashian was there that night with Scott and some other people. I ordered chicken fingers and french fries which were a bit dry. The chicken and fries were two separate orders. I don't know why. The fries were good though. Then the waiter went to take my basket, even though I was not done. The third time I came here was at 4 in the morning with some people my friends and I met while at Jet Nightclub (RIP). The service was actually good. Maybe cause we were the only ones in there? Three orders of Belgium waffles were sent back because they were too dry. I stuck to chicken fingers. The chef sent out an order of chicken fingers made of dark meat while we waited for their other order. They actually like the dark meat better than the regular chicken fingers. I don't plan on spending another dime or any of my time there in the future. They have bad service and dry, overpriced food. No, thank you.
5	while on my birthday vacation in vegas we decided this would be the place to have birthday breakfast! i mean, it's called the sugar factory after all! we got seated quickly even though it was a busy sunday morning. we purposefully ordered the most sickeningly sweet breakfasts possible. me, the apple pie waffles with a scoop of fresh vanilla ice cream, my best friend the strawberry brioche with chocolate syrup and ice cream and my boyfriend the red velvet pancakes. need i say more? ....well if you insist! the fancy dessert coffe was amazing, the food was amazing, the candy store next door was even more amazing. we stocked up on fill your own bag candy and perused the cupcakes for at least an hour before we waddled our way back to the cosmo for some much needed COTTON CANDY MARTINI'S FROM THE BOND BAR!read more of my vegas reviews to see how amazing that was!
4	My 1st stop in Las Vegas.  Loved the appetizers we had (spinach & artichoke dip, onion rings) - and the great service by our bartender.  I never had a chance to swing back there again for a dinner, but they do serve red velvet pancakces.  If I ever do return back to that place, I will be trying out those pancakes by golly.
4	So you're in Vegas and you're looking for a version of the Cheesecake Factory based on Sugar instead of Cheesecake, blamo, you've found it in the Sugar Factory. If you haven't been, just imagine The Cheesecake Factory style menu but with way more sugary delights and a store next to the place that sells everything that could cause you to have Diabetes and a serious trip to the dentist. I went here twice in my last trip to Vegas. The first night was on Thanksgiving so I expected the wait,, but didn't really expect the service to be so shitty, which it was. We decided to go back the second night because we were hungry and staying the Paris and well, I love sweets. And once again we got the same damn waitress and she sucked once again. Now the food though, the food is fucking great. I would eat here again and again. Plus well, i do love my sweets and they have plenty of those. A sweet pizza you say? with red velvet chunks and white chocolate sauce? sure. Cold Hot Chocolate? sure. Everything that made me feel like my teeth were hurting after, yeap, got you covered. So yeah, I'll go to this place again, but I'll just pray I don't get the shitty waitress I had. Other than that 5 stars at this place for sure.
4	The atmosphere and food is ok.  My companion's pasta was a little undercooked, but my club sandwich was delicious and several other items on the menu looked tempting.They have a variety of drinks centered around candy, which I thought was so cute.  Not only were they cute, but the two people I was with thought they were very good.  I think the only thing I wasn't pleased with the was the overall price, but this is to be expected at a high demand location on the strip.I will be back and bring out of town guests with me.
4	i love you, sugar factory! walking into the store, i feel like i'm a little girl all over again!  all the candies and cute stuff should bring back youth and make all women happy hahaaseated outside in the patio, weather was sorta chilly but i enjoyed the nice street views.  I had the Sugar Factory Egg Benedict, which was super delicious, because unlike usual, the Egg Benedict came with a bed of scalloped potatoes rather than the boring English muffin!  i loved the ham, the poached egg, and the Hollandaise sauce! Just gorgeous, and i would highly recommend it!  However, my boyfriend got the Ham and Swiss Cheese Crepe, which sucked big time!  the crepe was so dry and thick and chewy!  Just dont waste your money on this crepe!  We also had a White chocolate raspberry frozen hot chocolate that came in a mega-sized mug for only 8 bucks!  My boyfriend thought it was a little bit too sweet, but i thought it was just perfect!  Last but not least, for dessert, we shared a Raspberry Mille feuille that was made up of three layers of puff pastry, alternating with two layers of fresh raspberry and yellow custard, served with whipped cream and condensed milk.  It was not highly sweetened and tasted just good :)Service was great! Everyone at the restaurant and the gift shop was pretty nice and friendly.  By this review, I'm giving only 4 stars because of the ham & cheese crepe that sucked :'(   anyway, again, I love Sugar Factory!!
5	At first I was a bit weary eating here since I wasn't too impressed with their candy stores and ridiculously expensive lollipops. But I'm glad I gave this place a try :) The red velvet pancakes ($12) are sooooooo good. They weren't overly sweet which was what I was afraid of. The smoked salmon croissant sandwich ($18) was really good too. We didn't get try any of their cocktails but next time I'll definitely give it a try. Great food and pretty reasonable prices (compared to Serendipity). I definitely will be back every time I'm in Vegas! And I actually prefer this place over Serendipity! :D
3	Drink review only. We stopped here for their happy hour drink special while in the Paris hotel. I had the s'mores cocktail. Absolutely awesome. Best thing I ate in Vegas. Boyfriend had the cinnamon toast crunch cocktail, I liked it, but he didn't. Too cinnamony. It took the bartender a long time to make these drinks.
5	I am writing this review 1 month after eating a 5 star breakfast at Sugar Factory because I wanted to see how long this meal would haunt me....the answer? It still does. When I wake in the morning I still dream of having the same breakfast I had here....and then I do the math and realize that if I left now, I wouldn't get there till lunch or dinner anyway....sigh. I ordered the Eggs Benedict with Applewood Smoked Bacon instead of Canadian Bacon. It was the most delicious breakfast I have ever had. The flavors were perfect and the bacon melted in my mouth. The poached eggs are atop a bed of scalloped potatoes....mmmmmmm. The mimosa on the side was a perfect beverage and the icing on the cake. I am actually thinking of staying at Paris again, just so I could be sleeping above the kitchen that made this breakfast....and if you have read my review on the Paris Hotel, you would know how much of a sacrifice that is. If you have a Harrah's card you get a discount on your meals here, so I recommend stopping by the players club which is steps from the Sugar Factory, inside the casino. I also recommend their Happy Hour at the bar. The drinks are dazzling, but way over priced unless you are there for HH. The drinks are buy 1 get one free at that time which is a life savor when the drinks are $16-$24 a piece. Of course the $24 drinks are about a 1/2 gallon of sugary-sweet alcohol concoction, so make sure you are walking back to your hotel.
5	I had an ice cream Sunday and don't know what they did to the ice cream but was the best I ever had.   Also had a burger,  yes just a plain burger and it was heavenly.  I was in Vegas for only 2 days and went back twice.   Loved it.
1	Terrible experience.Went for a late lunch around 3pm today. Checking in at the hostess stand was normal but it wasn't a good vibe. All the employees seemed very stressed out.We were told it was a 5 minute wait and we were seated within 10 minutes.We were seated directly next to a giant table of children. As a well dressed modern couple with no children in tow of our own, most restaurants have the decent sense to seat us away from misbehaving hellions using their silverware as drumsticks.. Ok well the restaurant was on a wait you say... deal with it its a table.. But the restaurant was far from full, the wait was due to being understaffed. I would estimate 20-30% of the tables in view were open.Water glasses were brought to the table as soon as we sat down. They were still steaming hot as well as wet on the inside and out... awesome :rolls eyes:So we pick up a menu that weighs over a pound and see that they have some really yummy sounding stuff, from drinks to dessert we found multiple items we wanted to try. We picked out martinis, and decided on splitting an app, soup, and crepe so we could save room to sample desserts. We even picked out stuff to try for next time. We can walk here in 5 minutes from where we live, this menu had so much stuff we wanted to try, as well as being 24hrs a day, we were really hoping this could be a go to spot for us.I checked my watch when we sat down. After closing our menus I checked it again, and it had been almost 10 minutes and the only person who had be to our table was the busser delivering the empty glasses.We sat with closed menus and heads scanning for someone to notice us for another 5 minutes. After 15 minutes in total had gone by, we decided to leave.We both decided to give it another try down the road, the menu looks great. But for now I cannot recommend this restaurant anyone. The service here is terrible.
4	I love the drinks but the food was a little too pricey for the quality and quantity.  Although their dessert was absolutely delectable and huge.  We had the banana split!  It was outta this world.I highly recommend their Jolly Rancher martini if your a Midori Sour kinda girl. The Gummi Goblet was fun!  Our table of 6 shared that huge thing.  Awesome drink presentation, and the staff was very nice and accomodating.  I would come here and recommend this as a pregame spot before the club.
4	I would give them 3.5 stars but my husband says 4 so bumping up. You really have to be in a sugar mood to fully enjoy the offerings but its cute and a huge menu of options with decent to huge portions. Bathrooms are right outside in the casino. A quirky and unique place to visit.
1	Stick to the desserts and drinks.... Food was appalling. I've had better at applebees. Ordered appetizers which came out with our entrees....really didn't give us much time for table convo or elbow room. Mussels were a total disappointment. Most of the mussels on the bowl were either empty or dry and stale. Not once did our waitress come by to empty my shell bowl. Ordered a coke since the only thing edible were the fries, never got that. Total let down. stick to the sweets on the other side of the room.
2	This place is way overpriced for serving food that reminds me of Coco's but w/out breakfast. I wasn't too pleased paying three dollars for diet soda that is served to you in a small 5 ounce glass with no refills. While the food is okay it isn't worth revisiting even if Kim Kardashian were to come by and ask me "How's the food and everything?" Save your money for the fine restaurants like Mesa Grill or Delmonico's were your stomach will be thankful and even your wallet wouldn't complain about the money you just spent.
2	Came with my friends to try this place since the other time we were here they were closed to a party.  The wait was not too bad for lunch.  It gets crowded but our wait time was only about 15 minutes.  After we were seated it took us a while before someone came to take our order.  After ordering it took even longer for the food to come out. We ordered the fettuccine alfredo, sliders, onion rings, and monte cristo.  The only thing I liked out of all those was the onion rings.  This is like over priced American Diner food that you can probably get else where for cheaper and tastier.  Probably only good for sweets here, but there is also competition at Serendipity.
1	I'm obsessed with candy... a bonafide sugar freak.  I love the Sugar Factory candy locations so I was excited to go to their restaurant for my birthday luncheon.  My boyfriend called to make a reservation for 6 people at noon and they told him to just come in-- no reservation necessary.  Cool, right?  Not so cool when there's a 30 minute wait.  So do they not take reservations or was the person on the phone just too lazy to take our reservation?Either way, we finally sat down and waited... waited... waited for our server.  Finally, she came to the table and we ordered our drinks and food (since we had 30 minutes to review the menu before waiting for our table and another 20 while waiting for our server).  My boyfriend asked for a virgin root beer float (they only had an alcoholic root beer float listed on their menu).  The waitress frowned and informed us that she would see what she could do.  Ummm how about ask the bartender to just NOT ADD BOOZE?The food tasted outstanding.  One of the best burgers I have had in Vegas actually.  However, as my boyfriend got down to the last few bites of his pasta, he found a cute little black curly hair.  DISGUSTING!!!  Poor guy almost threw up and couldn't even look at the bowl any longer.  That pretty much made everyone else at the table lose their appetites.Our waitress checked back with us (after we had finished eating) and I asked where our drinks were.  Yes, we still hadn't received the drinks we ordered from the bar.  She said something like, "Yeah, the bartender still hasn't made them."  I looked across the room at the bartender and he was chatting with several customers.  I don't know if the server forgot the put the order in with the bartender or if the bartender was just lazy... either way, I was thirsty!  Finally, the drinks came (ironically, just a few minutes after I asked about them).  I ordered the Swedish Fish.  It was good, but didn't taste like a Swedish Fish... more like tropical punch.  The manager walked around to all the tables asking how everyone's experience was.  I told him about our lousy service and the nasty hair in my boyfriend's food and he was very apologetic.  He comped my bf's pasta and all of the alcoholic drinks.  He even gave me his card and said that the next time I want to come in I can e-mail him and he will make sure we don't have to wait and have a better experience.  If only our server would have had his sense of customer service!Even though he offered to "take care" of us the next time, I don't think there's going to be a next time.  Although the food was superb, there are too many other options in Vegas that offer great food AND great service.
2	Definitely not work the bang for your buck.  I was disappointed pretty much all around and it's a shame with all of the quality restaurants in Vegas, something like this can last so long.I had the steak salad, which was very plebeian.  The quality of the lettuce was on par with a TGIFridays or Chili's and too heavily dressed.  The steak might have been a flank steak, but the skinniest cut that I've ever seen in my life.For desert, I got the Creme Brulee crepe, which was our waiters recommendation.  He said it was the most popular.  I was unimpressed, it smelled funny and the taste wasn't anything special.Out waiter was a little spacey and took 20 minutes to get change for a 100 dollar bill for the table next to me, which prevented me from ordering anything once I was seated.I didn't try any of the drinks but this seems like the kind of place girls would go to, to order fun fruity drinks.  Just make sure you don't bother with the food.
5	We had to wait about 30 minutes to get seated but once we were seated the service was amazing from start to finish! The onion ring appetizer is so tasty as well as the fried Mac and cheese balls with the tomato bisque dipping sauce. The drinks are amazing as well such as the smores martini, the Swedish fish and the grape crush. We went as a party of ten and we were all satisfied. I had the BBQ chicken pizza and it was heavenly. I would definitely recommend this place and I will definitely go back if I'm ever in vegas!
4	I sat at the bar for dinner since the restaurant was packed, which didn't matter to me since I'd have chosen the bar anyway.The bartender was fast to take our drink order and then just as speedy with our food order. Service was great!The atmosphere is nice, classy, but very dark.Our drinks were out of this world. I got the sexual chocolate drink, which is strawberries & chocolate.. amazing. My boyfriend ordered the peanut butter cup martini which was just as amazing. Although $14 is a little pricy, these drinks were SO delicious they were absolutely worth it!I ordered the Mac & Cheese Lollipops.. they were pretty good, maybe a bit dry, but definitely edible and I ate every bite. My boyfriend's burger was "the best" he's ever had. (and that says a lot!)I look forward to go back next time I'm in Vegas.
1	The food is aweful!!!!!!!!!!! Seriously...it's terrible! GO here for fun drinks or dessert. Don't waste your time or money on the food. I can't even say the food average which is pretty sad when you have a group of 6 and the average drink per person is 1 and the bill is over $300. Such a disappointment!!!!
5	Loved this place (vegetarian pov)Came here for brunch on a Friday afternoon in January.We were seated very quickly.I ordered the southwestern omelet came with toast and country potatoes.I was dieing of hunger and hoping the omelet would be fulfilling.When I got my food i was amazed at the huge ass omelet (fluffy and thick) with the perfect amount of bell peppers and cheese.  I quickly added a bucket full of Tabasco to my ketchup cup and dove in. So freaking good I think i just passed out for 5 mins. After I came back to life I quickly tried the country potatoes (and I'm not a potato girl, I don't really like french fries) but these were really good. Crispy and warm on the inside.  I inhaled the whole plate in 20 minutes flat - and I tend to never completely finish my food.My friend got french fries with her sandwich and those were outta this world CRISPY till the last one.  No soggy sloppy mess here; crunch crunch all the way through.This place also has some pretty cool drinks that are served in these huge goblets with clouds of something coming out of it (like a science experiment). Their cool to look at, but didn't get a chance to try them!!  Atmosphere is really casual and cool!!A perfect place that will hit the spot after a long tiring day on the strip. WITH FRESH AIR no 2nd hand smoke here! :-D
2	Had an awesome steak salad, peanut butter milk shake also great.  Son enjoyed Chicken and Waffles.  Husband's monti cristo sandwich was good but very small.  The deserts were so disappointing.  I have never had a worse cupcake in my life.  I understood this would be a tourist trap and expensive... definitely wasn't worth the price.
5	We came to Sugar Factory for the first time on 1/22/12, but this is now one of our new favorite spots in Vegas! The bartenders are so friendly and make the most amazing drinks; we especially loved the bartender KC. We had the Twinkie drink and it is our new obsession, you must try this! The food is delicious; we had salads, appetizers and dinners. You should defiantly go to the Sugar Factory on your next Vegas trip for dinner and drinks. We already made a reservation for a bachelorette party on our next visit.
3	Two stars for the food. The third star is for the ambiance. Came here for a birthday dinner - cute place for a fun 21st birthday especially because they specialize in desserts. Food and price reminded me of cheesecake factory. But definitely worst.. We shared some pasta, fried Mac and cheese and salad? Oh and the banana split ice cream. This place gave me and my two other friends experienced a minor food poisoning right when we got back to the hotel. I actually held it in but for sure I caught myself gagging a few times. The other girls just ended up barfing it out.
3	So here are the highlights:- this place is open 24/7- they have an expansive and interesting cocktail menu inspired by your most favorite sweet candies- the terrace seating has a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip for people watchingWe had a late dinner here after watching a show and the huzbeau and I shared a french dip sammy which our server kindly split into separate plates.  It came with fries that were nice and crispy and the sammy was not bad.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8Q6jl7OW8DZzwANggDspcw?select=dTGLNYS7_gZszDoRvzSW-QAlso shared the french onion soup - more notable than the sandwich, I remember the crouton and broth tasting pretty good.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8Q6jl7OW8DZzwANggDspcw?select=QRBqJAV-0AN9Ke9SWAcQBwThe couple that was with us shared their banana split waffle which they enjoyed.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8Q6jl7OW8DZzwANggDspcw?select=P5br39xhOBQfhQCoNLYF3g  I had a bubble gum cocktail which was pretty to look at but not as strong as it was pricey. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8Q6jl7OW8DZzwANggDspcw?userid=6b-xMDKuXglIDVRf08eKJgNice, dark decor and fitting to be part of the beautiful Paris hotel.  But you know what?  I dont' know what it is but I'm not exactly pining to come back.  Just A-ok for me.
3	Great ServiceWonderful DecorYummy FoodA bit pricey, but it's Vegas & this place is located in a prime location (on the strip!)They also sell sweets and other yummy goodies next to the restaurant and there is a chocolate + wine bar located in the back of the restaurant (that opens at 5PM) it is beautiful and would be GREAT for a group event or romantic date ;)
5	I have been here once when I visited Vegas and I am dying to go back. I ordered the waffles and it had bananas, caramel syrup, and little chocolate candy served on top. I fell in love with the place and I cannot wait until the day that I go back again. If anyone is ever in Las Vegas and looking for something to eat, this place is definitely worth going to.
1	Terrible service. Our waitress appeared exactly one time, to take our order -- after being told we hadn't been waited on. Food was gross in my opinion. We both ordered the breakfast omelette. If you like processed cheese that comes in a bag and gets reheated, you will think this dish is delicious. Was supposed to have cheddar cheese, but what it comes with is a big blob of what seems like nacho cheese you'd get at a ballpark. Mayo had a funky taste; the avocados we ordered on the side had an unpleasant lime taste like they were old and trying to keep from turning brown.  My advice would be to stick with the desserts -- they probably do OK with the sweets. Need to work on their service. We left no tip -- our waitress didn't deserve it.
4	I ate here at night and had a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains from the window. The interior is trendy and has low-key lighting and generally reminds me of Max Brenner restaurants (maybe being attached to a desserts place has something to do with it).To start, I had the Ahi tuna sliders, which, while pricey at $19 for 3 small sliders, were delicious. There was a great temperature contrast betwixt the cool (but still lightly seared) tuna and the hot sauteed mushrooms. For entree, I had a steak sandwich, which was served with a side of fries. The sandwich was good, with the meat cooked exactly how I ordered it, and the bread an good consistency. I wasn't too thrilled with the fries - they had a great crisp but had huge chunks of sea salt all over them; I would get some regular bites and some overly salty ones. My companion had a pasta dish with chicken, mushrooms, olives, feta, sundried tomatoes, and artichokes. The portion was HUGE, and that's coming from a 6'4" guy who used to be a fatty. The flavor wasn't as huge as the portion, but it was still enjoyable (also, there was about one sliver of a sundried tomato in the entire dish, booo).We drank a nice fruity sparkling wine (IT'S NOT CHAMPAGNE BECAUSE IT'S NOT FROM CHAMPAGNE, FRANCE!) along with our meal, and it was sweet and refreshing...although 8 dollars a glass seems just a bit steep. But who am I to say, I am no alcohol connoisseur. I would come back here again, especially when I was really hungry to take advantage of those huge portions. Maybe next time I'll have to try the desserts or interesting cocktail concotions.
4	3.5 is probably more accurate but I have no real complaints here. We were looking for a place to eat around 11pm on a Sunday. This place is open 24/7 and offers and decent variety at reasonable prices. You can get a burger or sandwich or something more fancy like a crepe or a filet mignon. The food was decent and the service was timely and efficient. I would say the downside is that the drinks were a bit on the expensive side. I didn't drink but a couple of my friends did. They basically stuck to one drink each since the their drinks cost more than their entrees! Granted they got fancy cocktails.
2	My boyfriend and I ate here for brunch one morning (we were staying in the Paris). We made an open table reservation, but the place was surprisingly uncrowded for Vegas (and quite large), so we were quite happy to be seated immediately. And then 20 minutes went by with no server, no drinks, no attention at all. I wanted to leave. We finally pulled another server aside, and after a minute conferring with the hostess, she returned to tell us our server had not come in that morning. I can't believe a restaurant would be so disorganized that they didn't realize one of their workers was not there; and allow people to be seated in that area! The food I had (Eggs Benedict) was just horrible, soggy and limp. I do have to say that the server who did take care of us very professionally covered for this other waitress and did try to get to our table - though she was clearly overextended and it unfortunately showed in the service.A chocolate crepe followed that was WAY too sweet - the 4 types of chocolate killed any delicate qualities of the crepe or intricate flavors. But i guess it IS called the Sugar Factory so I should not have been surprised.  I did enviously eyeball the giant sugary cocktails (For 2-3 people) at other tables, and my boyfriend's Bloody Mary was great. Just stick to the drinks here and skip the food. And hopefully they can get their employees to come in in the future.
2	The food is nasty.If you didn't buy it in a package don't eat it!!!!!!!!!I bought a bling pop of course. They're cute! They're really helpful with the pops. There is somebody there to help you get replacement flavors and so on. It was cute inside, definitely worth looking at but PLEASE save your money!
3	Made reservations for 11 people here on a Friday night.  The place is very cute and has a fun atmosphere.  We were sat right away.  The drink menu is extensive and a lot of fun.  We ordered 3 cauldrons of drinks, all of which were sweet but delicious.  I had the lollipop one and it was my favorite.  Also tasted the Swedish fish that was very very good!  For appetizer we had the spinach and artichoke dip and it was really good.  We ended up ordering another because we finished the first so fast.  The food came fairly fast and every ones looked really delicious.  The prices were all reasonable and we ended up leaving about $50 a person including tax and tip.  It was a pretty good deal.  I had the turkey and brie crepe and it was perfect, I'm glad the portions were not as big as the drinks!  I also tried the pasta and it was surprisingly delicious. I would def recommend this place for large groups if your looking for reasonable prices.
4	I had been wanting to try the Sugar Factory for many months I finally got my wish when some out of town company was visiting.  It was a Thursday night and the place was packed. Luckily I made a reservation in advance and they were able to accommodate my request for a table on the patio with a strip view.The ambiance of the restaurant is top notch with modern, romantic decor. The entire staff, from the hostess to busboy, was helpful and friendly. The food was good but not the greatest. They have an extensive menu, including drinks and desserts. The presentation is excellent. I started with a cinnamon toast crunch martini, which was unique and tasty. I ordered a Cesar salad for my appetizer which was satisfactory. For my entree I ordered the turkey crepe and found it disappointing. It felt like a large hot pocket filled with luncheon meat and cheese. For a restaurant in a French hotel, the crepes could definitely use some work. Otherwise the food was good. My two dining companions ordered steaks and said they were excellent. For dessert, I ordered a milkshake next door at the candy shop. It definitely lived up to expectations. It was difficult to choose from the huge selection of sweets.All in all, I would recommend the Sugar Factory, especially for those seeking a unique dining experience. Pluses: sweets and cocktails. Minuses: crepes.
1	service very,very slow. food not very good. way overpriced. not worth it.won't go back again!
4	Red Velvet Sundae can I just say Oh Em Gee!!! Especially loved the raspberry sauce and crunchy chocolate balls :)Everyone at our table seemed to enjoy whatever food items we ordered... unfortunately I can't remember what they were now ~ oops.
3	Got there and put our name in, I like the fact they call you so you can wander around without missing your name being called. Got drinks to start, I got a Root Beer Float (with liquor). It was good really tasty, best part, was the Root Beer gummie bottles. I LOVED IT! I ordered a Steak Salad. It was good. The steak on top was SO filling I barely could finish my salad. But it filled me up nicely for most of the day.Sugar Factory like EVERYTHING else in Vegas is expensive. Its good though. The girls that work here are easy on the eyes, the service is good. I'll come back at some point I'm sure!
4	After salivating every time I saw the ads for the Sugar Factory all over Paris Hotel and Casino, I wanted the waffle with fruit.  I ended up going here for breakfast and had pancakes, bacon, and eggs.  The bacon was really thickly sliced and absolutely AMAZING!  Love this place.  The service is great, food is great, and the menu was good.  The candy shop part of this place is way overpriced and doesn't sell anything special.
3	Why HELLO happy hour! Buy one, get the other drink free. Oh, I will take that. Lets be honest here people. It's Vegas. And the only thing I really have the ability to comment on is their drinks. Our group's drinks of choice were the goblets. We had four. Four of which I can't remember their names, but they were something along the lines of Fruit Punch, White Gummie Bear, Sweet Tea, and the Lollipop one (which I nicknamed the Ravetastic Goblet of Fire). Typically they are $36 each, but with the 'buy one get one free deal' how could you just have one?! All of them were equally delicious and packed with alcohol. Besides the libations we enjoyed a few of their appetizers. (Mac & Cheese Balls, Spinach Artichoke Dip). Although they were both delicious I would of preferred bigger portions. Something like $10 for 3 small Mac & Cheese Balls, YIKES. Then again it is Vegas.I highly recommend this place. At least for Happy Hour.....
2	We went in for Luch on Friday.  It was very crowded, and not as lux inside as it appears from the outside.  The food and service was average (not the best / not the worst).  I would maybe put this on par with the Cheese Cake Factory.
5	we were already planning on stopping by the Sugar Factory to try their dessert martinis but when we were walking by we noticed that they had Happy Hour from 4-7 i think for BOGO Free drinksMy friends & i had the S'mores Martini, Hubba Bubba Martini, Blow Pop Martini, & the Lemonhead MartiniALL the martinis we tried were amazingly DELICIOUS!! its hard to pick a favorite.the S'more Martini: it was really heavy & kind of hard to drink fast because of the creme but it was still delicious & i think id come back to get it again next time. it was kind of like drinking hot chocolate with a hint of alcoholthe Hubba Bubba Martini: as much as i love bubble gum this one was just too sweet for methe Blow Pop Martini: it was the perfect mix between sweet & sour. not too sweet & not too sour, definitley something you can keep drinking without getting sick of itthe Lemonhead Martini: tasted EXACTLY like a lemonhead, kind of lemonadeish too but i little more on the sour side, but the sugar on the rim kinds balances out the tartness of the drinkoh! & the Happy Hour is only at the bar, not on the tables but we didnt have any trouble finding 5 seats for us at the bar when we went.i cant wait to stop by again next time we are in vegas!
4	I'm actually on the fence between a 3 and a 4 star, more likely a 3.7, so we'll round it to a 4. Yes this place has a lot of sugar, however the chicken and waffles are to die for. Yes it's completely random. The chicken is fried quite nicely, not too oily and not too battery. The waffles are light and crispy. When meshed together, it's beautiful. I also hear they're open 24 hours, so say good bye to Denny's down the strip because that place is just gross.
2	I went their two days after the grand opening and the food was ok at best. Bit pricey for the quality of food I got. I think I'll try it again next year after they get things situated there.
2	I'd like to award this place with more stars, but our waiter was terrible. We were here late after driving in to town from Phoenix. A friend recommended this place, so we thought we'd check it out. The food was good. The bowl of berries listed as a breakfast side dish could be it's own meal. The berries were all big, fresh, and juicy. My wife enjoyed her breakfast crepe.Unfortunately, the service sucked. I don't know if it was because we didn't order alcohol or if it was because we weren't a group of 21 year olds in short skirts, but either way our waiter basically ignored us the entire time we were in this place. It took forever to get a glass of water and a Sierra Mist. It look even longer for him to bring out our bill and run my credit card. One of the hostesses, had to call him on her radio. I could understand if we were there during prime dinner hours and the place was busy, but less than half of the tables were occupied. I'm disappointed I can't give this joint more stars because the food was pretty good.
4	It's open 24/7has an amazing vibeit has an amazing decor and designvery chicvery interesting menunot so delicious but it's oki enjoyed my time there very much
3	The Sugar Factory restaurant is located right in front of Paris next door to their store. It has a dark but colorful almost serene setting. The bar area is spacious. Walking up we got seated right away.The menu is 75% sweets and colorful pricy drinks. Looking at some of their drinks makes my eyes diabetic. But I was here for dinner and their dinner menu is limited to sandwiches, salads, soups, crepes, pasta, pizzas, etc. Nothing too elegant or feast-y. You're not gonna get a rack of ribs here.I went with a ham & cheese savory crepe. I was disappointed. It was bland tasting and just lacking the oomph! It was nothing special.Service was exceptional on the other hand.If I come back here, it'll only be for the sweets and desserts. I did try the cake pops at the store next door and they're good.
5	On our first night in Vegas we were looking for something a bit cheaper for dinner and were surprised to see that Sugar Factory's restaurant fit the bill.  For two meals, dessert, and no drinks the bill was $41.  (And yes, that's cheap for Vegas.)Ate kinda early (530 pm) so there was no wait.  Server was super friendly and the whole staff was attentive.  Our water glasses were never more than half empty and one of the managers stopped and talked to us for a few minutes.  Decor is elegant but fun, and the outdoor patio is a nice touch, although your view overlooks the road...I got a thin crust cheese pizza and my husband got the Signature burger with pepperjack, sans their special sauce because it had tomatoes and he hates tomatoes.  Pizza was awesome.  Nice and simple and the crust was excellent.  Only complaint is that the bottom of the pizza crust was a little soggy.  I was hoping for crispy crust all the way through.  My husband loved his burger.  He loves pepperjack cheese so I thought that was going to be what he was most excited about.  However when I asked him how the cheese was he said he couldn't even taste it because the burger was too good. He especially liked the crispy onions on the burger.  And the fries were to DIE for.  If we go back I'm getting a basket of fries just for myself.And since it was Sugar Factory we decided to get dessert.  Yes $10 for a sundae is a lot, but A) it was worth it and B) it was gigantic.All in all we'd go back to Sugar Factory again our next time in Vegas!
4	This place is sooo nice with excellent service! The menu is a little pricey but worth it! Check out the Goblet drinks they have...Delicious!
4	Cute, good service and the steak salad was amazing!  Dang, I wanted to try everything, but restrained myself!
5	My husband & I took family here for sister's bday... Lets just say doesn't disappoint. Exactly where you want to be to celebrate everything. Definitely will be a hot spot to go when visiting Vegas;)) Cheers!!!!!
5	Sugar Factory is such a cool place!The fee and I wanted a little bite and a little drinking before hitting the club acroos the street.  I loved the decor and service at Sugar Factory.  I ordered a BLT and fries because Im a free spirit so I can do that.  We ordered the Lollipop goblet which is a tasty beverage with candy in it.  The sugar factory is a nice place to eat or to just grab a fun drink before you go on to the next on on to the next.
3	Visited 04/07/12 Good food. Not a must stop in Vegas though, to me. This is only a food review. They dont have a specialty item (odd). I only had a salad, due to the indulding in some other goodies, the previous days. Had they had something "special" on the menu, I would have  opted in and tried it. My girlfriend had their chicken and waffles, she said it was good, lots of peices of chicken. It was a bit strange that they put EXTRA butter not only on the waffles but lathered the chicken with butter too...um..okay. The cobb salad w/ chicken that I had was fresh and filling; pricey too. service was awesome!!
4	Just came back and got the french toast with strawberries and bananas for breakfast, and I still love this place.  Highly recommend.
3	You know, this place kind of let me down. I love few things more than breakfast/brunch, and Sugar Factory didn't do it for me. I ordered the eggs Benedict (prepared hard because runny eggs creep me out) over ham and scalloped potatoes. It tasted it fine, but not great. The ham almost seemed deli quality, so that cheapened the meal. I will say the potatoes were really good, and I had a decent mimosa.After my meal I bought hot chocolate and an oatmeal raisin cookie from the adjoining sweet shop. I especially loved that this place was playing R. Kelly's "Chocolate Factory" while I was inside. They followed that up with Soul For Real,'s "Candy Rain" so whoever picks the music has a friend in me.This place has cool, fun decor, but just mediocre food and service. I wouldn't mind going back to be proven wrong, but I don't expect fireworks. Maybe breakfast at a sweets shop is not the best idea.
5	Love this place!
3	Always wanted to try this place because it is well advertised and all the celebrities were always talking about this place. We did see about three famous people; however, we didn't know who they were, not that famous..Eek...but they had their pictures taken. I'm not a star struck person, so do not really care about celebrities. They are just like us...normal people! =)Anyways, what we ordered at the restaurant:1. Spinach and artichoke dip with pita chips-The spinach and artichoke dip was a bit salty to me, but the artichoke was very refreshing and the cheese was not too overwhelming. The pita chips definitely accentuated the dip! Crispy and light without any salt added on them! 2. BBQ chicken pizza-Thin crust pizza, which I love so much! The pizza was not even anywhere near oily! That was a plus! I loved it, but it was a bit rough to tear apart. The chicken was a bit dry to me and the sauce was not too bad. The cheese was fresh and good. 3. Smore's crepe-The crepe was made perfectly because it was nice and crisy; however, the bad thing is that it was drenched with chocolate syrup which made the crepe soggy afterwards. They should put more graham crackers though, because then it would have balanced out. The marshmallows and the chocolate chunks were just mouth watering! Yes, we did add vanilla ice cream on top for $3 more and it was the best decision! The service here was terrific and that would deserve five stars!Overall, I think that this place is ok, not the best though. The plus side is that this restaurant is always open! =)FYI: Be careful ordering water...tastes like tap. Also, what I didn't like was that the table was made of marble and of course whatever you place on the table, everything would slip and slide. So every five to ten minutes you hear utensils falling from left to right, back to front. The floor is made with mini tiles and the chairs move so much every time you try to adjust yourself. So ladies, please be careful especially with heels, because I almost fell and twisted my ankle due to the slippery tiles. I think they need to change this because it was very scary. However, the decor is very chic and cute though!
2	I was SO excited to try the Sugar Factory on my friend's bachelorette party but ended up being really disappointed. Maybe it was because we went on our last day and were barely functioning. But we ordered the Lollipop Passion drink which we had been obsessing over since it looked amazing. And it did look amazing but tasted weird. Almost like Red Bull & vodka which I hate. I was expecting fruity deliciousness. We should've gambled with the $36 it cost instead. Between the 5 of us we hardly put a dent in it. The food wasn't good either, I got a french dip- took two bites and was all set.  Waitress was too busy with a big party to even notice we weren't happy.  It was too bad that this was the last place we went, not a good way to end an otherwise amazing trip.
3	We just stopped in for an afternoon snack while walking the strip. We sampled a few gourmet cupcakes, the red velvet was the best by far,  they were tasy but not worth the price in my opinion and that coming from a guy that will waste money with the best of them. The service was terrible, we didn't dine in so we did the walk up counter thing. There were three girls behind the counter, one was working while two were chatting all the while the line of customers growing.
1	oh my oh my, i hate to give them one star but to be honest, my last experience, im kinda doing them a favor giving them this rating. So, me and my boyfriend love this place ! We love the FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATES, in terms of burgers.. im not too much of a big fan. BUT, pizza are the bombest. especially if you make your own. so heres the dilemma... we go there to have a late night dinner since we both have just gotten off work pretty late. got seated by the bar, & i was pretty happy since the LAKERS GAME was on. One thing I was disappointed about was that it took the waiter 5 mins to greet us. So we asked for water right, it took them 10 minutes to give it to us. im pretty patient with this kind of stuff so i stayed calm. The waiter comes over and ask for our drink orders. we order the CLASSIC FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE and my boyfriend orders a PEANUT BUTTER FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE. after taking the order, i flipped the page of the menu to the food part and the waiter RUDELY takes away my menu and gives a sigh. TOTALLY PISSED ABOUT THAT !! so i asked for my menu back . when we got our milkshakes, my boyfriend got the right one and i got a hot chocolate .. i didnt mind since they replaced it with the right one, BUT CATCH THIS ... the waiter who took the wrong order came back to us and instead of apologizing, he had the guts to come up and told us that we ordered the wrong thing when I clearly pointed at the menu directly. OH GOSH WAS I PISSED. super super disappointed since i bragged about this place to my friends and recommended it .. but uhm , NEVER AGAIN .. sorry guys ... til this place gets their stuff together.. and til the staff gets better .. thats when ill come back . OH OH OH, just a totally bad experience. good thing when we got handed off to this one server, i think his name was like TAYLOR or something.. thats when they saved themselves. still gave them 20% of tip.
4	I was visiting Vegas with my girlfriends and this was a very appropriate place to have dinner - trendy, girlie, but not gaudy. The food was delicious and worth the price point. I tried a bit of my friends pasta, the Mediterranean Chicken Pappardelle. I was a big fan of her dish, I think next time I'll get that. I think in general I love pappardelle pasta and it was just flavored nicely with the herbs and lemon and wasn't too heavy. I had the turkey burger with no mozzarella and it was great. The patty was moist and the herbed mayo and mushrooms went really well with the turkey. All in all, it's a fun place to go and worth the price.
2	Was really looking forward to trying this place out. Heard a lot of good things, except service-wise, but still wanted to try it. Lived up to their standards as crappy service.Our waiter never once checked on us after our food was served (except to drop the check off) and took forever to cash us out. So we brought our check up cus we just wanted to get out of there asap.I ordered the French toast and my friend ordered the steak sandwich mid-rare. Half was mid-rare and the other half was mid-well. My friend enjoyed my plain French toast more than his sandwich. Although i could have made the same French toast with wonder bread. The best part of our meal was our French fries.The food was mediocre at best. Typical over priced & under portioned strip food.
5	Loved this place.  Went for breakfast and dinner and everything was great.  The only negative for us was that it was so loud in there for dinner, but maybe that's what they are going for.  I had the turkey burger which was excellent, others in my party enjoyed the steak salad, pasta dish (which could feed two easily), chicken tenders.  Drinks were a great experience as well.  Will be back.
3	Some things I lovedThe girls who work here, on the floor, are very sweet.They had a lot of fun trying to help my husband to find t-shirts for our daughter.There are almost always items on sale. I was able to purchase some yummies to take home with me on the drive back to LA.Some things I did NOT loveMost items do NOT have prices listed on themYou don't know what the prices are and therefore you start to wonder if they make 'em up as they go along or not?The cashiers are reluctant to check the prices for you.They act like you are wasting their time. It took me getting a manager and store lead to find out the prices for some items. All the items that I purchased were novelty items. I wanted to buy more things to take home but with these folks being so reluctant to packing it all up so that it would make the trip home easier, that didn't work out. horrible!I haven't had a chance to dine here but I would love to. I expect I'll be back here in July. So, I hope that I will have a better experience and therefore an updated review to write after that future visit.
2	I don't know what I was thinking when I decided to eat here. I should have asked myself this question before entering how could a candy store possibly be skilled at making food? They even failed at making good dessert, which is surprising since they are called the Sugar Factory American Brasserie. SUGAR is in the name of the restaurant how could they mess up on that?I got the frozen hot chocolate. Powdery and not exciting at all this drink is not worth ordering. The appetizers my table ordered were just "ehh". The spinach and artichoke dip was served with pita chips. The dip itself was sour and we only finished it because we were starving.Service was whatever. Our waitress lagged in giving us our dessert. She came over to our table and when we asked about our dessert she had a surprised look on her face and admitted to forgetting on putting in the order. Dessert was the most disappointing part. I don't know if it's because we had to wait a long time for it but the chocolate fondue? It's just a tiny pot of melted chocolate kept warm by a little tea candle (the candle surely wasn't hot enough to keep the chocolate in a liquid state). The toppings that accompanied it were interesting... gummy bears? In the future I think i'll go to Melting Pot for my chocolate fondue.This place oddly reminds me of Cheesecake Factory but a little pricier and with less appetizing food.
1	We just had one of the worst and most frustrating dining experiences we've ever had. We had to hunt the totally inept waitress down for every single thing. It took us two hours to get served - some at the table served after all the others were done eating. We received cold food that was extremely mediocre and ridiculously overpriced ($8 hot chocolate - are you serious?). We went to the manager three times to no avail. At the end she "took care" of us by removing one item from one couple's menu. There were eight of us.
2	I had a not so good experience here. The service would have been a step up had it been terrible. But no, we sat for over 20 minutes before she came over and took our drink order, then disappeared again, after 10 more minutes I had to ask a hostess if she could find our server, she disappeared too. Then after someone brought our waters, we ordered, everyone had empty glasses before our food came out, and the server didn't bother to refill anyone. The food was pretty bland and tasteless, which really sucked. I think next time i'll skip this place and move onto someplace i know actually cares about the people that visit their establishment..
4	so good...so good. came here for the wife's birthday. i ordered the sugar factory club with mashed potato's. my wife got pasta with shrimp. Dougie our waiter/server was awesome and very nice. the Guy had a smile on his face the entire time. cant beat that kind of service
4	Came here on a Monday afternoon for their happy hour. The drink specials are just too good to not pass up. Of course we opted for the fish bowl drinks. We ended up trying 4 different varities that afternoon. My favorite was the tea one. It was the one that tasted the least like candy. If you are ok with super sweet, sugary drinks the bowls are definitely the way to go, plus they are potent! All the bartenders were great and friendly. The boy was wearing a Lakers jersey and they made sure to turn it to the game. They only have two tvs so it's not exactly a destination spot to watch sports, but luckily they were very accomodating and we were able to watch the first half of the game no problem.We ordered a couple of items off the menu throughout the afternoon. The sliders are good and definitely recommended. The pepperoni pizza just didn't do it for me. They have lots of other items on their menu that look really good and I would definitely come here for a girls dinner. The decor is definitely on the girly side and that wasn't noted by the boy as well. All in all we had a great time and I have a new favorite afternoon spot on the strip. Will keep this place on my list of places to come for dinner when a steakhouse is out of the question!
5	My husband and I ate dinner here tonight at about 9 pm. I was a little disappointed most of the breakfast items weren't available until 11 pm, but we'll just try again another day. We sat immediately and chose to eat on the patio. The dining room was very noisy, outside was much more peaceful and faced the Bellagio fountains. We enjoyed people watching and the a/c from the dining room seemed to come outside a bit so the temperature was perfect. Our server was Ruth, she said it was her first day there but she was great and we wouldn't have know otherwise. We started with the bruschetta appetizer which was delicious but the tomato mixture was piled way too high for my taste and we ended up with at least half of it still on the plate. I had the chicken and waffles and it was awesome. The fried chicken was cooked perfectly and there was a maple butter (I think) on top of the waffles that also got on the chicken. I will definitely order this again. My husband had the steak frites and said it was good although he isn't a fan of skinny fries. We were too full for dessert but will definitely make another trip to try it in the future.
5	Great food, even better dessert
4	One of the best steak I have ever had.I didn't even order it.. I just stole a few bites from my BF!!! It was beautifully cooked and just melted in my mouth.I had the house burger which was delicious as well. Tons of toppings and the fries were well seasoned. The cocktails were pretty strong too!Food good, servers nice, ambiance relaxed... would be happy to come back again.
1	Came here shortly before the blackout stage, got some food and a few drinks.  Forgot my credit card due to said blackout, and the bartender helped himself to a giant tip.  Didn't get a receipt when I went back for my card early the next morning.  Gotta love Vegas.
2	Stopped by for breakfast/lunch on the recommendation of a friend.  Party of four, the guys had Chicken and Waffles and my friend and I split an order of Traditional Belgian Waffles with milk chocolate sauce and the Sugar FactorySignature Burger.  The boys were happy with their chicken. It was tender and juicy and cut very easily.  The waffles seemed small compared to the amount of chicken provided.My friend and I were satisfied with the burger. We expected more from the "Signature" burger, but I guess it is what it is.  The Belgian Waffles were really disappointing.  For $10 a plate, I was expecting more than two small 3x3 waffles with a meager amount of chocolate syrup. The waffles were really nothing special and I believe that I could have gotten better for cheaper at Ihop. We finished with the Banana Split Sundae.  This dish was what saved our experience.  Heaping portions of delicious ice cream, our only gripe was that it didn't have a cherry on top!  It was amazing and there was so much ice cream that we couldn't finish it. Bottom line, skip the meal and head straight to dessert!
3	Was walking down the Strip looking for a place to grab breakfast and came across The Sugar Factory, I was intrigued by the candy and dessert theme and decided to see what they had to offer. The odd part was even though it a place that serves a lot of sweets and alcohol, I had neither. It was 11 in the morning and I was more looking for food.I ordered The Sugar Factory Signature Burger and it was pretty good, nice juicy piece of meat, decent flavor and definitely a huge portion size.  Burger came with fries that were also crisp and tasty.I wish I would have tried a sweet or a drink but wasn't really in the mood for either, I will definitely be making a return trip next time I am in Vegas to try something a little more special than a burger and fries.
5	What can I say, the food selections are as sweet as the people who work here.  The gals behind the bar will give you cavities. If you are not careful you may just miss one of the coolest little chocalate bars in Vegas. Go here for breakfest, lunch or an evening meal. Very family friendly and not that hard on the pocket book considering it is located inside the Paris hotel. Very nice place. Lots of candies and off the charts deserts and specialty drinks too. Very bright and cheery atmospher. A must stop place if you are a chick.
4	Sugar factory is The Sweet Factory all grown up.The restaurant itself is really hip and sleek.  There are so many mixed drinks to choose from and they are all candy themed.  Also, since they are always opened, they serve a variety of breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert.  The ahi sliders were tasty and the tuna was just seared on the outside.  I also got the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was super crispy and had some of the syrup on it, which I could have done without, but none the less good.  I didn't get a milk shake, but I saw it on the next table and the milk shake was HUGE!  This place has lots of sweet choices too.  It is also connected to the sugar factory shop, so if you haven't had your fill, you can stop by and get some candy after.  I will definitely come back here.  It is a great spot to stop by and cool off in the vegas heat.  Also, happy hour is from 4-7!
1	You know...it sure takes a lot for me to give a 1-star review; that being said, this is my first one in almost 50 reviews. Sugar Factory "American Brasserie," you let me down so hard. After careful consideration, this was probably one of the Top 5 Worst Dining Experiences I've Ever Had (future Yelp list, anyone?) I'm all about eating well and paying a high price for it-- especially in Vegas-- but, after eating here, I wished that my dining partner, David, and I just went to a normal cafe or even McDonald's on the way back to our resort.  I'm typically lenient with this type of fare, but our foul experience is just beyond my comprehension.Granted, we came in here very late. Around 4:00 AM. However, the restaurant was still busy and seemed well-staffed. The menu looked appealing enough, so we were sat immediately for a table for two. We were just desperate for some supposedly decent food (Yelp here had it at 3.5 stars, cumulatively...what the hell). Waited a while for water...okay. Waited a while to order...okay. Now, never to see our waiter again. Well, correction: we saw our waiter, but he never came within a 15 foot radius of our table. Cool, thanks.The lone highlight of this disaster: we waited under 30 minutes for food. It never should have taken this long to begin with, but whatever. I had just a simple burger. How hard is that, right? I could barely stomach half of it. I'm pretty confident that the bun was made back when the Paris resort was actually built...completely inedible. I took the bun off eventually and even the rest just wasn't good. I know that's not descriptive, but I was just turned off by it. Seemed almost as old as the bun and I've had better cheese and bacon toppings at a Denny's. Now, the worst: David had their basic chicken sandwich. This made my burger look like a star. The grilled chicken was probably rolled around the Strip like some hockey puck, picked back up, grilled into oblivion, then smashed between the same, nasty bun. He had a quarter of it, tried to just eat the meat, and couldn't. The waitstaff couldn't come by quick enough to scoop it up, not once asking our opinion.Ohh, it gets BETTER. We couldn't get our check. I mean, really, REALLY couldn't get our check. Our waiter was still M.I.A., the other members of the waitstaff were snobby and just kept saying "K" to us, like they were 6th grade girls. Never in my life have I considered getting up and walking out, but it kept running through my mind in the TWENTY minutes we waited for our damn piece of paper stating the damage. Well, well. Still no check. The manager comes by and asks us how things were. David didn't say much. ...But I did. Every detail of our atrocious meal escaped my mouth like word vomit (+5 bonus points if you catch that reference). He seemed a bit surprised, and loosely apologized; and, instead of comping our meal (the right thing to do if he had any hope of having repeat customers), he said he would fetch our check. UM, NO.  He came back and dropped off our check with a 20% discount. Normally, fine. But this was just ridiculous. Never, EVER again. The Sugar Factory Brasserie attempted to emulate that of a high-class, Vegas restaurant...and miserably failed. I would never come here again even if I was paid; there are so many other better options in this fabulous city.
5	I am not even a huge sweet toothed person and I freaking love this place! For the prices/menu options/location/hours-- this is a great place for anyone to go at any time and get something they'd like!Portions are huge and are very similar to Cheesecake Factory prices but much better quality food and atmosphere than Cheesecake Factory I think- plus this place is open 24/7! I have really enjoyed all of the dishes I have had for breakfast, lunch and late night snacking-- most were savory mind you. Their drinks are also fun-- Cinnamon Toast Crunch Martini? Yeah...Love!
3	Overall the food here is decent, but for eating dinner around 10p, you'd think you'd get better service.  The place is so large and dimly lit, good luck trying to find your waiter if you ever need them.  The food itself was pretty good, even for non-sweet items...the ministrone soup was nice, but very overpriced...the pizza was also good, I was a fan of their sweeter tasting dough...and of course, for a place called "sugar factory" they have quite a fun range of unique crepe flavors...I really enjoyed our creme brulee with raspberry and roasted almonds crepe.
5	I've never been to Vegas and NOT visited the Sugar Factory for dinner. I've tried the mac & cheese pops which are pretty good but not the best fried mac & cheese I've ever had... the steak sandwich however, is out of this world. Truly in my top-5 meals of my life, it's THAT good. I've also had the chicken fingers appetizer and those are delicious too. The real reason to go however (steak sandwich not withstanding) are the goblet drinks.They are simply outstanding. The lollipop and white gummi ones are my favorites, not such a fan of the shark-bowl one but it's just VERY candy flavored so that's a personal preference thing. In any case, with at least 8 shots in each goblet, they'll get you messed up in a jiffy even if you share (and you really should-they're HUGE). It's definitely a really fun option if you're in Vegas with a group of girlfriends and you want a reasonably priced (for Vegas, anyway) nice dinner before going out. It's also great as a romantic dinner, I've been with my boyfriend before going out to a show (Absinthe) and had a wonderful time.
5	OMG!! Not a phrase I say often, but this place was the bomb! I don't recall seeing this last year. We had walked by late at night around 10pm and it was packed and I can see why.  As we were walking by I saw a couple sipping a blue drink out a fish bowl size with a straw and instantly was reminded of my college days. We looked at the menu which was good and then I saw the picture of the blue drink which has gummy sharks in it!Next morning we set out for brunch there. I had a spinach and brie crepe and a cold white chocolate raspberry drink. (see pic). My boyfriend ordered a veggie omelt I think and coffee. The coffee was really good and omelet was a bit greasy but there was so much food.  We came back the day we were leaving and ordered some mac& cheese pops! Let me tell you, not your Kraft Mac and Cheese... It was sooo creamy and the outside was smooth.. I also ordered a smaller version of one of  the drinks, since my boyfriend wasn't in the mood for a shark infested drink. Ordered a rootbeer float. No skimping on the alcohol there, it came with 3 rootbeer gummies. I'd never had them and my were they good.Then we decided to split dessert. We figured probably not too big. We settled on the blackforest sundae....Well  I'll let the picture speak for itself. And yes we did finish it.We were seated out side as hadn't gotten to "burn a hole in your head" temperature yet,  and it's great for people watching.  What I do like about this place is the ambience and the staff was so attentive. Good Service, equals happy customers.A bit pricey, but hey it's the experience.This in on my go to list time I'm in Vegas.
3	I minus 2 stars for one, the food is pricy for the quality you get and secondly the menu is boring. 3 stars for great customer service, ambience, and their yummy hugeee girly fish bowl drinks. I was pretty buzzed after paying $35 for my cool green goblet drink that has dry ice effects and colorful lollipops in the drink for decor. I saw the bartender making my drink and he was holding up 3-4 different bottles of liquor and poured the holy liquid into my cup. I left pretty happy and ready to run the streets in Vegas.
2	Right away, I decided that I wouldn't focus on price for this review. It is what it is, and while I don't like what it is, my group decided to have dinner here tonight. So we did.Still, I decided that I wasn't going to spend too much here, and I settled on a creme brulee and raspberry crepe since it had a slight not-pure-dessert thing going. It was quite nice. I wasn't that impressed by the flat-seeming crepe with all the goodies layered on top, and indeed it did little more than soak up stuff and hold some sort of subtly flavored filling that I suppose is the creme brulee filling. However, I really enjoyed the raspberry sorbet on top, and I was presently the honey that surprisingly adorned the crepe. The only other nit I have to pick is that my last bite of sorbet was a little bit icy.... and that would have been around 4 stars had I not re-read the menu afterward. The menu said that this crepe white chocolate covered almonds. Where the heck were the almonds on my dish? I couldn't even find sliced almonds or almond flavor. Did I somehow indicate that I have an almond allergy, and if so, why the heck didn't I get some sort of substitute or mention on my receipt? You can't lie about food on your menu and expect to get away with it. Boo, Sugar Factory.
1	The worst customer service in Las Vegas.  My party was told 20 minutes for a table.  We waited 45 minutes without being called and watched groups that came after us get seated and groups come straight off the street and get seated before us.  I advise all not to try this!  We went to Serendipity 3 and had a great time!
4	Came here on Saturday night with a party of 8. We booked our reservation on Open Table and waited less than 10 minutes for our table. I ordered a root beer vodka soda and steak sandwich which was really good. One of the other girls ordered the french onion soup and a salad which looked even better. This place is really cute and has a great view, great for a fun, affordable dinner.
4	1 star - friendly and attentive service. 2 star - large portions at a decent price.3 star - all of the food tasted great.4 star - I really had an excellent time enjoying my meal there even at 2am.I had the steak frittes here and damnnn, it was the best tasting steak I ever had!!!
4	EDIT: Had to take off a star cause they recently changed the fried chicken. Instead of the moist, juicy chicken breasts and such, they have replaced it with chicken strips :( The batter is the same, but the strips just don't taste as good and were a bit dry. Super disappointing. However, I did try their red velvet sundae, which was awesome. I'll pretty much be coming here purely for dessert from now on.A M A Z I N G. This place is amazing. Besides the fact that it's open 24-hrs (including the candy shop and even the bar, I believe) the food is awesome.I was in Vegas this past weekend for five days, and I came here three times. The first two times, me and my mom ordered the chicken and waffles. They were so good! The flavor was well-balanced, and the chicken was crispy and delicious on the outside, juicy on the inside. My mom's boyfriend had also tried the club sandwich, which he enjoyed, and we split a side of bacon. Bacon is always a winner.The third time we came was purely for dessert. We ordered the fondue for two, and I ordered another side of bacon (which I proceeded to dip in the fondue as well). The fondue was quite good. It was smooth and didn't taste like the kind of chocolate you find in a regular old candy bar, probably really high-quality. They give you a nice little assortment of items to dip in there: strawberries, bananas, brownies, lemon pound cake, white chocolate bread, gummy bears, and marshmallows. Honestly, the marshmallows were more like sugar cubes in texture though. I definitely recommend getting the side of bacon to dip in there for a nice salty-sweet combo.Our new go-to spot, we'll definitely be back.
3	Okay- I know I'm in Vegas and its a party town and yadda yadda however this is seriously the loudest place that I have ever eaten at in my life. It was so loud that the waitress was yelling at me all night just so I could hear her. The decor is swanky and romantic, but romance is the last thing on your mind when you're almost sitting on your neighbors lap. Its unfortunate that there are so many tables crammed into the place because it could actually be an enjoyable space. Now that I bitched about the lack of any kind of enjoyable ambiance, lets get to the food. Five Stars ! Really, the food is top notch and there is a pretty large variety of it to choose from. The Sugar Factory is open 24 hours so you of course can find lots of Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner items. Simone choose a savory crepe stuffed full with fresh grilled chicken, sauteed mushrooms and artichokes, topped off with a creamy Bechemel Sauce and spinach. The other ingredients were overshadowed by the taste of mushrooms so If you love them, like I do,  then you'll love this. The spinach was oddly piled on top of the crepe making for a rather messy and unusual presentation and it didn't add anything to the dish. For my meal I ordered the Mediterranean Parpadelle Chicken Pasta , and for an extra two dollars a side of garlic bread(frigging Vegas up-charges)This dish was much better then I expected and probably the best pasta dish I have had in the past few years.  The pasta tasted fresh and was cooked perfectly el Dante. Red Pepper infused Olive Oil with Grilled Chicken, Artichokes, Tomatoes, Olives and Feta cheese all married together in a perfect hot and salty food orgy. The dish had a nice bite from the oil and it left me wanting more. I finished off the rather large portion with ease. Unfortunately we did not try any dessert ( and yes I know its called the Sugar Factory- I don't care)  My headache was starting to get the best of me and I was tired of being yelled at by my waitress so away we went.  The food here gets 5 star's ambiance gets 2 stars, so Overall its a three.
3	The food was good but the price.....not so much. The service however was the best we had in Vegas. The service is the only reason I am giving this one three stars. And that's all I really have to say about this place.
5	SPECTACULAR!!!! Wow wish I knew about this place for all the numerous time I went to Vegas ! if I could I would move in and live inside this glorious spectacular sugar factory! My eyes was beaming w anxiety like a kid in a candy store as soon as I steeped my foot in inside the candy store and soon find my way in to their restaurant. When the waiter handed me the menu I wasn't going to leave this place w/out trying the goblet drink!Took me about 5minute to choose which alcoholic goblet I wanted so I settled with the lollipop goblet w vodka, melon, and other fruit flavor I cannot remember I was too excited to see this gobble that I really don't care what's in it. Once it arrived, the waiter poured the alcohol into the goblet and soon my goblet was filled and smoke was coming out of it! I was very impressed with the size, presentation and flavor, definitely worth $36!I also ordered the Mac & Chesse deep fried pops that comes w marinara sauce and that was ama-ze-balls!! I kept the left over marinara sauce for my chicken tenders and fries. My husband ordered the onion ring burger he said it was delicious. Everything was very delicious from start to end. I will definety come back and try out the whole menu!
5	We are always in Las Vegas and each time we go we look to try at least one new restaurant. Sugar Factory looked like a fun place for our daughter and my husband and I were expecting average food. Well,....we were absolutely surprised with all of our dishes. They were excellent. The frozen hot chocolate won our daughter over and I had the frozen expresso (which I highly recommend).My Eggs Benedict were delish, hubby loved his meal and well as the rest of the family.  We will be going back here for sure.A must to try for dessert is their Dark Chocolate Fondue. YUMMY!!
4	I tried the gummy bear drink and the original sugar factory drink, it's the one with the lollipops and candy necklace that's green. We went between 4-7 when the drinks are all buy one get one free, there normally $36 each, between 5 of us we paid about $8 each including tax and tip. Also the shakes are delicious !!!!!!
3	Excellent Food over all. Had Southern Benedict for breakfast one day was very much different. Was eggs over fries over biscuit covered in country gravy. Also a side waffle which was just the right size to accompany the meal. The Waffle was to write home about very much one of the best ever. Second time coming here on trip had the Steak and frites those fries are really top notch. The steak I asked to be done medium was closer to rare but was a really good steak so I was happy. Also had Shrimp cocktail which was the freshest shrimp I have had especially surprising since we were in the middle of the desert. My friend had the chicken alfredo   which I tasted and was really good for such a basic dish. The only down mark on this place is the service I came here on several occasion in past trips to Vegas and always the same issue. This time I sat at the bar for breakfast and the bar tender was more concerned talking about her love life then helping me place my order. The bus boy was the most helpful think he felt guilty about the poor service. The second meal was much the same they tried to seat up in front area where people walk through even though the main part of the restaurant was near empty (we got moved). Then the server questioned our orders and seem like he was in a hurry to move us out mind you this is a 24 hour restaurant that never closes. Overall it sucks because the food here is always on point and worth the trouble. Maybe that is why the shoddy service since people will come back for the food anyways. Sad when a place charges 5 star prices but the service is only 2 star.
5	Sooo awesome. Your visit here is not complete till you order a $38 smoking goblet drink. Service was good, food was amazing and touring the candy shoppe after our meal was icing on the cake. Can't wait to return!
4	First time here with a friend last week. The food was mediocre but desserts are to die for. Portion size were huge!! I ordered the PB and chocolate frozen hot chocolate. It was actually pretty good and huge!! There were so many desserts to choose from. I wish I can taste them all. Presentation was well received. I like the atmosphere and being next to the actual Sugar Factory store. Will definitely check back here again when I visit.
4	24/7, friendly service, excellent cuisine, and chocolate fondue! It was a splendid way to spend my first meal here when arriving to sin city! All the extras accompanied with the chocolate fondue were awesome and they give you a lot of variety! I strongly recommend the milk chocolate fondue and it left me and my two friends wanting seconds! A bit pricy considering we got the fondue for 2 people and two appetizers but overall a very warm environment! :)
3	I expected more.  It's just another retail store that is riding on the coat tails of the celebrities that like it.  As for the pastry/bakery side: oh my gosh.  winner winner chicken dinner!
4	My wife & I are here for a company function and we figured we would dine at the Sugar Factory. It was a well worth experience. From the big drink to the steak frite to the desert. I do recommend it. There is everything for all ages.
1	Worst experience ever! Will not ever go back, will not ever reccommend anyone I care about to go.  Here's what happened:My friend's Girlfriend was having a bday party there. They hada reservation 2 weeks prior, but when we got there they had "lost" the reservation.  Anyways, we get seated... all 11 or 12 of us.  Our waiter was horrible, and had no personality.  Not once did he smile, or make any one of us feel welcome.  I want to let you all know, the majority of the people in our party are in the restuarant business.  We all figured it was going to be great service because the prices were so high and because they were busy.  That was deff. not the case. One of the people in our party ordered the Shrip cocktail... it was like 15 - 20 bucks, and only had 4 pieces of shrip in a large cocktail glass. Very lame.  My gf ate half of her food (Club Sandwhich) and got food poisening. I ordered the turkey burger and the middle of it was not cooked all the way.  I waited for about 20 minutes to see our server again to let him know. some of the people ordered a bottle of wine, that did not show up on the tab, but the server (his name is Alan) told them "if your paying cash just add the $32.00 dont worry about the tax." Did this guy just try to get a much larger tip then deserved?! Did this guy also just steal money from the company?! WTF.  Who does that?!  Obviously Alan did, and he seemed pretty new to the company, so apparently he learned that trick from possibly someone else who works there.  The next day I call, speak with a "manager" I believe his name was Greg Waters or something like that, he didnt make his name very clear to me over the phone.  So I explain to Greg my gf has food poisening.  He didn't seem to care at all.  Matter of fact, his first few words were, "Sir, we are very busy right now, can I take down your name and number and call you back." That upset me.  Here I am, trying to let him know that his server/servers are stealing money from the company and my girlfriend is sick because of your food.  So what am I supposed to do?  So I left him my info, and waited for a phone call back.  Never got one.  The next day I called and asked to speak with him again.  He gets on the phone, and I was again told he was the only manager on at the moment, and he would have to call me back.  I told him something like, "you said that last time, can you make a couple minutes of your busy day today and call me back." So he finally did.  He called me back, I explained everything to him again. He said he needed some kind of doctors note, I laughed, found it to be very funny, because my gf was in fact at a doctors office earlier the day and told him it would be no problem at all to get a note.  My girlfriend was in the office, many people around, and got the feeling she was going to throw up again, ran to the bathroom, and barely made it in time.  Luckily for the other people there.  So I told Mr. Greg Waters or whatever his name is, and he figured out a way to weasel out of "needed" the doctors note to refund us our money.  I guess he thought I was lieing about all this, and just assumed we wanted to get a free meal.  I told him it was only 39.09 and it's not like I wanted to get the whole group refunded, I only pay for my gf and myself, so we should only get our food comped... (other people will be writing their side of the story too, so you will see that everyone should have gotten their food comped as well.)  No biggie right?! You have a horrible server/food/experience you expect to get your food comped in order to hopefully keep you coming back.  Well not this guy.  I was wrong, appently this guy is such a tool that his manager has him on such a short leash he doesn't have the authority to comp 39.09.  I told him all I wanted was my money back, he said the only thing he could do was "invite us to come back and the meal would be on him".  What a total retard. Who is going to come back after that?!I can not believe my turkey burger was 16.00.  I ate 2 bites of it, sent it back for being way undercooked, then about 45 minutes later ( 20 minutes of waiting to notify my M.I.A. server Alan, and about 25 minutes for the P.O.S. cooks to make another.)  When it comes back to me, the fries were the same fries that were on the fucked up plate.  A couple of them half eaten, cold, and soggy... REALLY?!So my food right then would have been comped at probably 80% of any restuarant.  But not this place.  They are so strung out on the MILLIONS of tourists that will most likely only go to this place because they walked by, got the "GREAT IDEA" to "CHECK IT OUT" and unfortunetly being sadly mistaken that anywhere more than likely would have been a better idea.  Luckily Capital One dispute department knows how to keep UNHAPPY customers. they refunded us the money.  Took a little bit, but im sure glad I saved my credit card reciept. Mailed it in, with their dispute form, and poof. Got my money back!
1	Worst wait time and customer service. The food at this point is beyond the point.
4	While in vegas I went to the bar here four times.  I LOVE sweet candy and dessert flavored cocktails, and they have two  menus full of these (if you sit in the chocolate lounge) so I'm in heaven here.  So far I've tried:Swedish Fish - The cherry flavor was a little TOO strong for me.Cinnamon Toast Crunch - Yummy!  vanilla flavored, with a hint of frangelico, topped with cinnamon.Hubba Bubba - It's supposed to taste like bubble gum but honestly it had no flavor at all to me...Blow Pop - Delicious!  Doesn't taste so much like bubble gum, more like hard candy with a hint of green apple (but not too sour)S'mores Martini - Yum! loved it.Harmonie - Didn't care for this at all.American Honey - This one was okay; kind of a strange after taste.My absolute favorite was the blow pop, followed by cinnamon toast crunch and then the s'mores.  I will absolutely try these again.Food wise, I tried bruschetta and mini burgers, the latter was really good! The bruschetta was a bit to hard for me, and there were way too many tomatoes on it.Price wise, this place isn't cheap but it's pretty much in line with what you pay at casual restaurants in Vegas.The service was okay.  Some of the bartenders could've been a bit more personable, but the service wasn't bad.  The one thing that annoyed me was that the bartender said the goblet drinks were "only one size" and wouldn't cut it down and make it into a martini or tall drink.  If you know how to divide, then you know how to cut down a drink recipe -- it's not that difficult to do, it's just plain old good customer service!
2	Ok. So I realize this place is called "Sugar Factory" and we're in Las Vegas, but dear god. I could smell the diabetes in that place, and the novelty was kind of lost on me. A group of us traveling together for a friends bachelorette party came here for breakfast, and I was kind of disappointed by the food. I ordered a cappuccino to start off, which prompted the server to ask "just a regular cappuccino?". I was kind of confused by her confusion, but I confirmed a wanted a REGULAR cappuccino. What I received was some kind of melted fudge sludge that resembled a cappuccino in no way whatsoever. It didn't resemble coffee of any kind actually. It was HUGE, covered in whipped cream and white chocolate, and tasted like carnation hot chocolate mix with extra sugar added. I am not one to ever send anything back to the kitchen. I just feel like too much of an ass. But this was so far off base from a cappuccino, I couldn't drink it. That and I have a profound phobia of developing diabetes, and this thing was like eating spoonfuls of white sugar. I told the waitress that I suspected that perhaps my order was mistakenly made to be a hot chocolate, because it tasted nothing like a cappuccino. She said that she didn't watch it being made, so she didn't know for sure what it was. I kindly asked her if I could replace it for a black tea. She brought me one mug of hot water and a tea bag in a package. No saucer, no spoon, no honey or milk or sugar. Later, when the bill would arrive, the server had not removed the "cappuccino" charge, and replaced it for tea. So I ended up with a $6 tea.  Realizing I wouldn't be interested in any of the sweet options on the breakfast menu, I decided to order the "Manhattan" eggs benny (smoked salmon). At $18, the price was pretty steep. When it arrived, the hashbrowns looked bland, and the plate was generally underwhelming. Looks did not deceive. The hollandaise tasted like it came out of a package, the eggs were overcooked, and the hashbrowns were boring. Bad food, bad service, and hideously overpriced. My final word is don't bother. I think you'd be better served scavenging your hotel's breakfast buffet.
5	I gotta give five stars because I have no complaints about the Sugar Factory!I've been wanting to try it for about a year so I chose my birthday week in Vegas as the perfect time.  I wish I could've tried a martini or a huge ass goblet but no alcohol for me :(It looked really nice inside the restaurant.  Kinda of a french feel to it, and probably because it's in the Paris hotel haha.I ordered the chicken alfredo pasta and it was pretty good.  I like that it was nice and saucy and had plenty of chicken.  Most places (like Olive Garden) are stingy with the sauce and I hate dry pasta.  When it first came out it looked like it needed more but once I mixed it, I could see all the sauce was at the bottom.Afterwards I went next door to the candy shop but ended up not getting anything.  I mainly took photos haha.  I wanted a shirt but the shirt I really liked was just too expensive.I won't say it's the best food ever in life but it's good to say you've been to the Sugar Factory on the Vegas strip.
5	You people are off your rockers. No offense but who are you people to walk into a packed restaurant, see your waiter/waitress running around like chickens with their heads cut off & STILL expect them to massage you as your take your order? OH. You must have never worked in Vegas before. So long as your waiter isn't cussing at you and is apologetic about maybe not checking in every 20 seconds, as most of you expect- stop busting their chops!Everytime we come, we're friendly with the staff and make jokes & we have never had bad service. Instead of being so rude, maybe be friendly and they'll send their buddies to come check up on you as they do us. Try it out sometime. ANYWAY. The food here is AMAZING. I'm no self-proclaimed "foody" but I am picky as all hell. The drinks? TO DIE FOR. This is what makes me come back. Those goblets are.....amazing. Nothing short of heavenly. The food is your typical all-American food with a smidgen of something different to make it unique. It's good. It's not going to make you dive into the Bellagio fountains across the way but it'll do this review justice. The red velvet sunday......my God I want to put my whole damn face in it. It's a place to go to HAVE FUN & ENJOY YOURSELF. And  IT IS WHAT IT SAYS IT IS- an American brasserie. DELICIOUS. Atmosphere is fun & there's ALWAYS some kinda celebrity eating in there. You can also people watch as it is RIGHT on the strip. We always have a good time here! Yeah, you may have to wait a little for your food or another refill, etc but once you see how packed it is on any given night- you'll understand, it's not out of malice- it's just genuinely busy. ENJOY!!!!
3	I visited this place with two friends for dinner. I got the steak sandwich with a side of fries, one friend got the steak frites and the other got a burger. As for my steak sandwich, I thought the steak was bland and the fries were alright, nothing spectacular. Although my friends liked their food more than me, including the Swedish fish drink that he said he enjoyed, we didn't order desserts, which is what this place is known for.
4	Ambiance is eye-candy, the food is good, the drinks are quiet lovely and the dessert menu will give you a toothache just by looking at it.   The menu is pricey but not overboard.  I liked my experience and would definitely go back again.
5	What a pleasant surprise!  We stopped here at about 2:30 in the morning after night 1 of our bachelorette weekend.  We were just looking for a 24 hour spot and (luckily) this was the first one we came across.  Our waitress was Edith, and she was the sweetest person.  No joke, best service I've had in Las Vegas.  She accommodated our ridiculous request for some pickles AND brought us more when we ate them all.  We didn't finish our meals, and she took everything, boxed it up, and provided us with an ample amount of FRESH sauces (ranch, bbq, syrup, ketchup).  She even filed up our ice waters into cute little to-go cups.We loved it so much that we went back again during our 4 day!  No Edith that day, but the service was still good. Proof that great service does make a difference!
1	One of the most disgusting experience recently. Veggie burgers sucks.. Pizza what you order you will never get. "David" from Sugar Factory i ordered 2 pizza's both were not you packed and it was one of the worst pizza i ate. Morning breakfast coffee full of particles of coffee beans. I had to throw it even without sipping. I will never go again there and same message i will spread.. Service Sucks..
2	Tonight I got the steak and arugula salad - also known as a big mistake. The lettuce was soggy from being soaked in the vinaigrette. As I was eating it, my fork picked up  wet clumps of the lettuce. Not very appetizing looking at all. The steak itself was somewhat tough and bland. Overall, I will not get it again if I ever come back to this place.
3	Had breakfast at the Sugar Factory Brasserie this morning.  I sooo wanted sweets, but I thought breakfast was more prudent and maybe there would be room for a crepe afterwards.  After checking out the large menu, I went with the open faced fried egg sandwich.  It was pretty good, but not really what I expected exactly.  It did say skinny fries on the menu, but I didn't realize that it would be smothered with them.  And it was a little dry until I ordered extra gravy.  But, overall, good flavor.  I probably would pick something else next time.  The husband ordered a BLT and he said it was great and my friend ordered chicken and waffles and that was HUGE.  They give you a LOT of fired chicken with it and both she and my husband who helped with the big portion said it was very tasty.  For those three items and an iced tea, our bill was $56 before the tip.I found the portions large and the flavors good.  The service was okay, but the restaurant was pretty busy so there were some serious gaps in time between sitting, ordering, and receiving food.  I'll definitely go back, but next time I'm going to start with the sweets!!!
5	Service and personal attention, for the over two plus hour dinner experience, was second to none at Sugar Factory. From the sushi grade ahi tuna sliders, Mac & Cheese pops, to the black angus fillet steak perfectly cooked that cut like butter. This American Brasserie, on the Las Vegas Strip, across the street from the Bellagio, was an incredible night out.To finish off dinner, I enjoyed several libations including the rootbeer float with rootbeer gummy bears & a large goblet of passion fruit liquor with slices of liquor infused oranges. Finally, I sampled desserts ranging from a chocolate and peanut butter milkshake to the radiated crepe with raspberry flavored gelato.I can't say enough good things about the service. Everything I had was tasty with a temperature that I liked. Sometimes it's hard to get hot food in a busy restaurant. Thanks to the Sugar Factory staff for inviting me to enjoy the evening, food and drinks. The view of the Bellagio fountains show elevated the evening to an entirely new level.
3	I'm a girly girl so I loved the ambiance and all the fun drinks i saw on Yelp so I made a reservation for 4 on a Sunday afternoon. Arrived and had to wait a couple minutes which was fine, the hostess asked if we'd prefer a booth or a table and we asked for a booth only to be seated at a table???....when we informed the seating hostess she just gave us a blank stare and we just took the table. Our server was very friendly and nice we started with drinks first, 2 bloody marys and a gigantic fishbowl white gummi bear drink complete with dry ice and gummi worms. The bloody marys were really good and the white gummi was decent,  for $36.00 its just a one time thing to try though.  We skipped on appetizers and ordered lunch one steak sandwich, chicken strips, roast beef dip, and a patty melt. While waiting ordered a blow pop martini, the hubba bubba martini, cinnamon toast crunch martini and a grape drink thing. the blow pop was my favorite but I had to sip water because it was soooo sweet as was the hubba bubba. The cinnamon toast was like an eggnog drink and the grape was eh. Service started to slow but I could see our server was dealing with alot of tables so it was fine and food didn't take too long. After trying the food I probably would only return to have drinks honestly or visit the candy store, for the prices I expected decent food but everything was blah. My patty melt the beef  looked like those burger patties you buy frozen from the store and looks like a hockey puck just weird. The fries were probably the worst I've ever had...boring and just exploding with grease, I love all fries and these were horrible. The steak sandwich was bland also, my husband added salt but it was a let down, which is funny since my sister said her chicken strips were super salty. Really disappointed with the food so we skipped dessert. Received the check $200.00 for 4 guests but on the check noticed a  $7 cnf charge which I've never seen before, apparently instead of raising prices on the menu the owners charge this extra fee. I don't understand this, the prices are already well over what they should be and with the table turnover rate in Vegas I don't see any reason for it, such a rip off. I'm really only giving three stars for ambiance, service and drinks.
4	I come to Vegas at least 3 to 4 times a year and I alway stop here. The food is good but I really go for the atmosphere and the DRINKS! I just threw a Bachelorette Party back in May in Vegas and this place was a hit for the Bride and her guests. If you're visiting Vegas I highly recommend going to this place. Fun for all!
1	I have to say I've heard endless things about Sugar Factory, usually about the cool drinks. Last night I went there for the first time ever and it will absolutely be the last time I go there. A friend of mine had complained about a food item he ordered which the menu clearly states is TWO veggie patties. Not only did it get served incorrectly, but then on top of it when my friend had vocalized his concern to our waiter, he then proceeded to get the manager. Now I have been a manager for a company for four + years, and I have to say the way this manager not only approached our table (which he had his hand on our empty chair and was slouching) and then instead of introducing himself and asking how our meal was he said "Whats wrong with your food?" REALLY? I honestly was dumb founded. After a few minutes of his bantering with my friend (who granted yes he was getting upset) But on top of it the manager said they had been changing their menus and and the menu did state that it came with TWO patties, but then when we asked to have what the menu stated he claimed his chef "would not allow that," which makes NO sense. Then he proceeds to tell my friend that sarcasm will get him nowhere.... I'm sorry, my friend was not being sarcastic, I then put my opinion on the table and reexplained what my friend had said he then stated all he could offer was 50% off the meal. Okay, so let me get this right... instead of just letting the two people who want an extra veggie patty like your menu clearly states (which is probably $2) you then instead say you will give them 50% off their meal? Makes no sense, they just want what they ordered. Then not only that, but religiously through our entire meal, the manager was gossiping to all the other waiters and waitress' who kept staring at us. Then our waiter also went to another waitress and started gossiping. This was BY FAR thee worst experiences I've ever had- being in management I am IMMENSELY disgusted by this managers behavior and I will do everything in my power to make sure it is known. All this manager had to do was approach our table and say, "I'm sorry, I heard you had inquiry about your menu choice, I've very sorry for the inconvenience, but we are in the middle of changing our menu, and I am aware it does say two patties, but at this time I cannot give you two patties, however we can make you a different meal if you like or you can pay the extra for another patty, and furthermore I am very sorry for the inconvenience." BUT no... he was the most rude, abrupt and inconsiderate manager I've ever met. My bill alone with my friend was $50 and that wasn't including my three other friends bill, we didn't tip the waiter and I will NEVER, EVER go back here again.
3	Better than expected.  Sugar Factory's brasserie is a lot like Cheesecake Factory and Grand Lux.  Huge menu, heaping portions and probably 4x your daily recommended calorie allowance.  My chinese chicken salad was pretty good, the outdoor patio had a great view of the Belagio water show, and service on a Sunday night was friendly, albeight slow. I went in with low expectations and came out satisfied.  Bonus points for being 24 hrs.
4	oh-em-geeeeeeee!!!!!!  Apple pie is super delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!but they don't know how to make root beer float(alcohol).  My friend ordered that, but it didn't taste good at all.  JUST FYI!Other than that, apple pie is still my first choice if I go again.
5	So good!!! Great selection and the food was amazing! I had the roasted turkey crepe and my kids had different selections of the waffles, all were amazing. I will be looking forward to my next vist!!
3	Tourist trap #2.Once again the decor is much more pleasant to stare in awe at than the actual food! It looks like you're in a glamorous room this time instead of a kid's play room like in Serendipity. My girls and I came here for our last meal in Vegas. Wasn't too hungry so we got the 2 appetizers and a main dish: Ahi Tuna Sliders, Mac & Cheese Balls, and the BLT Sandwich. The sliders were alright. The ahi tuna was not the greatest because it wasn't entirely fresh. The sliders were also super DINKY! 3 sliders for $20? rip off..... It sort of lacked a certain taste I was looking for. Almost too savory! The Mac & Cheese Balls were okay. Clever! Fried balls with mac & cheese in the middle? Once again it was like 3 balls for like $15. The sandwich was pretty good! Took a bite out of it and it was HUGE! Almost too hard to bite into. The fries were addicting! But then again you can't really mess up on fries. Their fancy goblet drinks are what makes this place known. If I had a bigger appetite that day, I probably would've opted for an actual meal with a drink! Like Serendipity 3, I think I even saw some frozen drinks! This place is cool because it is open 24/7! A nice classy place like this always open? Plus! Also it's sister stores Sugar Factory is next door selling baked sweets and other delightful goodies!
4	What's not to love other then prices. Seriously $25 for a sucker? My husbands addicted to the $9 shakes. I have to admit they are worth every penny. Love this place just hate that it's so pricey! !
4	Good food. Variety of options on the menu. Our server was very good and friendly. Great for groups! Open 24hrs!
4	After having such a terrible experience at Serendipity 3, Sugar Factory MORE than made up for it with their fun, sweet treats, their delicious drinks and their great service.We went right in the middle of the day and it wasn't packed, which was great for us.  They had some really fun drinks and I wish that I could have just sat there all day and tried every drink.  I think one day, once I get down to my goal weight, I will do that.  Just go and hang out all day trying their drinks.  The Lollipop Passion looked really fun for a group of people!  I want to try that next time.  Since I could only have one drink, I chose the Blowpop.  It was SO yummy.  It wasn't too alcoholic but it also wasn't too sweet!  It had pop rocks on the rim which I licked this way to Sunday and had a Blowpop in the drink.  I liked dipping the Blowpop in the drink and then licking it.  it had the perfect amount of sweetness and alcohol.  Sometimes a drink looks fun but when you get it, it's disappointing, not this place!  They are as delicious as they look.  Their mixologist did a GREAT job creating these drinks and their bar tenders execute the creations to a tee.The food was so delicious too!  We had the fried macaroni and cheese which was a hit  with our table.  It came with this sauce that everyone loved.  My husband said, "I don't know what this sauce is but I know I need to put it on everything!"  The spinach and artichoke dip was so creamy and seasoned perfectly.  Those two were definitely my favorites.This place is just really fun and great for a group of people.  I can't wait to go back and try all of their drinks.  I really want to try everything they have because I know that everything is going to be an orgasm in ma mouth!
4	IF you are thinking of going to Serendipity DO NOT, come here instead.If you like the Cheesecake factory you will like this place.With 3 major differences:  1) they have a wide selection of crepes which I suggest the ratatouille crepe as it's fab and priced right at $13 2) they have a plethora of sugary sweet stuff that are served in glasses and called one of my favorite words "martini"3) they have breakfast everyday of the week till like 1 or somethingIt's located on the strip, there's an outside dining option, and there's typically a small wait.Also, the Bloody Mary's are deliciously devine, so if you need a big girl cocktail that's my suggestion.  This place is also Kid approved in my book!  It's also very loud and the bar tends to get backed up, so it will take you longer than you would like for your cocktail, so order that right away!
1	Double charged for items. Stepped away from table to snap a few pictures, busser threw away drinks and removed everything from table. Completely unorganized and unprofessional!
2	Sandwich was good, but the fries were horrible! There are so many good places to get a quick bite to eat in Vegas, I would skip this as a meal place. Did not have dessert, but those looked pretty good.
2	I had come to Sugar Factory in October 2011 for my birthday lunch and had a great time! The goblets and food were delicious, and the service was exceptional - we had a large party of 20.Recently came back for a friend's birthday lunch and to much disappointment - the service was absolutely horrible. We had a party of 7 - didn't get our waters when we sat down, we go our appetizers and drinks in a timely manner. But, we weren't checked on or receive an update on our food for almost an hour. We had to flag down staff to find out what was going on, and even then we still had to wait an additional time for our food. We spent a total time of close to 3.5 hours in the restaurant. The goblets are still great tasting and the food was decent. One of our friend's later on in the night got really sick from the spaghetti marinara. My boyfriend and i were disappointed in the revisement of their menu - he really enjoyed the monte cristo sandwich & i enjoyed the turkey burger; both items had been taken off the menu. While the items we ordered this time around were just as good, we were extremely turned off by the lack of attentiveness and decrease in service quality. We had three servers in our party & all of them were very disappointed in the service. It's unfortunate because when we did see our server, she was pleasant, but didn't even acknowledge that we didn't see her for up to an hour. The service was so poor, we probably won't be visiting again. If there is a choice between Sugar Factory or Serendipty --- unless you really enjoy waiting, I'd go to Serendipity.
2	Okay, went back to Vegas this weekend and was so excited to take our little one specifically for the Mac n Cheese balls. She was excited, I was excited.Place and order for two because I figure the 3 wouldn't be enough. Got a red velvet milkshake and a blowpop drink for myself.Our order comes and I'm sadly dissapointed. Sitting in the basket were 6 triangle shaped cheese things. I bit into it and blah. No rich creamy orange goodness. It was white cheddar and very non creamy.  Apparently my boyfriend enjoyed the last time because he made the comment "the last ones didn't have noodles in it, did it?"Waste of money. If I would have known I would have just ordere one order, considering we had a big breakfast 3 hours before.The milkshake was good and so was the blow pop, but I noticed they cut down on the alcohol and rim decorations as well. My drink came out 10 mins later.They also seemed a bit pushy, my asking several times if we would like to order anything else, was this all for us. etc.. Even the manager came by to ask how everything was and commented if that was all we ordered.Sorry, unless I read better reviews on this before my next trip to Vegas, which is soon, I think I'll pass.I think this is a case of the celebrity endorsement, serve good food and service for a while and after the novelty has worn off, back to mediocre and cost cutting measures.
3	Service was really slow. Came here for lunch and they managed to sit us along a walkway where my husbands chair would be jostled every minute. The chicken and waffles were just okay. The waffle was standard but well made, the chicken was a tenderloin piece with a wet breading. However, the dish seemed under seasoned and was lacking the sweet salty combo.  My onion rings were the right amount of crispness and not too oily, however the parse amount of chipotle aioli gave the dish a very oily aftertaste. I wasn't thrilled.
4	DESSERT ONLY!SO MANY MOUTH WATERING DESSERTS TO CHOOSE FROM! Ended up with the Waffles topped with bananas, strawberries and vanilla ice cream with dark chocolate sauce and round graham crackers.  Minus one star for the waitress who never checked up on us, took a long time to get us water, and seemed indifferent to serve us after telling her we were only there for dessert.  No tip.  Saved money.
1	Third trip to this place all three time service was horrible even when not busy. Hostess sits you and nobody comes over walked out today after 15 mins with nobody even acknowledging we were there. I get the feeling they don't really care if they get repeat customers because so many new suckers visit Vegas daily. I'm done no more.
2	We were starving for some brunch, and our friend said we should eat here. the wait was around 40 mins for 4.....although when we sat down....there were plenty of empty tables!?!?food was kind of pricey, so we ordered light.french onion soup- pretty good, came out hot, oozing with cheese.friend had clam chowderbf had sandwich dip- dry no goodfriend had club sandwich.very simple order and it took another 40 mins! OMG -____-and after that, trying to get our check took forever.no thank you!
3	Our last night in Vegas so we were off to whatever came up. The outside seating at the Paris was almost a two hour wait, so we tripped around to see what else was available and walked up the strip to the Sugar Factory. Figured on a wait - had none for a window seat (no glass, just a straight shot view to the Bellagio fountains and all of the people that walk by on the strip!). At least five people tended to our culinary needs (including a truly handsome young man who delivered the birthday dessert to our 17 year old daughter!). We were allowed to taste four different wines before settling on a couple of delicious northern California flavors. The atmosphere there is very, well, Sugary. Too much volume in the overhead music while trying to eat, overbearing at times, a lot of chocolate in everything, much attention to detail and good food. Not the best Angus steak I've had - but a good portion and cooked to order the first time. The Mediterranean chicken pasta was very tasty. For dessert we had the white chocolate fondue....Words can not discribe... I would recommend to anyone heading to Las Vegas.
4	The Grilled Prime Steak sandwich is THE BEST! We went to have dinner and came back for lunch on another day to have the sandwich AGAIN! My husband and I got our own Goblet drink (I got the White Gummy Bear and I can't remember what my husband got). Although they were good and the smoky effect was cool, the $36 you pay for the drink is a bit excessive. I only bought it because it was our first time and we were on vacation but I wouldn't do it again.The second time we went, I surprised my husband with a cake to celebrate our 2nd anniversary. I asked the staff to receive the cake from the delivery person who would be bringing it, and to bring it out when we finished our lunch. My husband had no idea and was definitely surprised, HOWEVER, they charged a $25 cutting fee for a very small cake that was only serving me and my husband. I wasn't happy about it but it was the only way to surprise my husband with the cake. So food and service wise, it was a good time. But the price of the drinks and the cutting fee were a bit much so I'm giving them 4 stars.
2	This review is based on the restaurant at Paris, not any of the candy stores on the strip.  Unfortunately a disappointing experience, here's my breakdown.:Food: 3/5Atmosphere: 3/5Service: 1/5Would I eat here again? NO!Food:This restaurant has simple cafe food.  I had the club sandwich and my wife had the burger.  It's pretty hard to mess-up either of those.  My wife said the burger was good and my sandwich hit the spot.  Nothing to write home about.  For dessert we had the milk chocolate fondue.  It was a nice change of pace dessert.  It included things like gummy bears and marshmallows that you dip in chocolate.  Nice... but not spectacular.Atmosphere:The restaurant is modern and right on the strip.  There's a lot of noise, but I would have expected so.  It's good for all ages...kids, adult, seniors.  In fact there was a meeting of the Ladies of the Red Hat Society going on.Service:Absolutely horrendously dreadful!  We arrived at our scheduled reservation and were promptly seated...on the other side of the room away from any other guest, as if we were lepers.  It literally took 20 minutes for a waiter to show up to take our drink order.  We told her that we're ready to order appetizers and meal at this point.  After waiting another 20 minutes our meal shows up minus the appetizers, btw again no one has stopped to see how we're doing during this time.  The next time we see the waiter we mention that the appetizer never showed up and to be sure to remove it off the bill.  He came, apologized and said that he was able to remove it off the bill (as though this was a favor to us).  Later on the manage came by and asked how the food was.  When I replied fine, a bit angrily, he asked what was wrong.  I mentioned about the appetizer he acted like "hey, it's ok, we've taken it off the bill" unapologetically.I also noticed the staff were VERY young, no older than their mid 20's so it's clear they are not experienced with providing a high level of service.  There was also a group of teenagers that went barreling through the restaurant from the adjoining casino, creating noise and bumping into everything in their way.  A normal restaurant wouldn't stand for this.  But the leadership here had no issue.  I assume that much of the hospitality leaders are educated at UNLV in Vegas.  If this is the case for this restaurant, parents don't send your kids or your money to this school.
4	Sooooo Paris hit a delicious nail squarely on the head with Sugar Factory.The place is a fancy restaurant attached to a big candy shop. The food is essentially fancy, moderately high-priced, delicious fare of much European origin. The drinks are very good; we came here for the fiancee's 21st, and her first legal drink was their massive Passion Fruit Goblet (I think - XD) Huge and delicious! The Jolly Rancher martini is really really great also. Their happy hour is really awesome - two for one, I think?Chicken Fettucine Alfredo was great, as was the French Dip Sammich. We came back twice during the course of our stay. Most excellent. We'll be back next time.
4	When in Vegas...might as well spend $25 for a glittered lollipop. Last time I was in Vegas, I purchased a few sparkly lollipops with refills but haven't used it since. Fun but a waste of money. Going back a few days ago to see a restaurant in the Paris hotel was nice because it was 1 a.m. and not much was open in the hotel except for the restaurant. Walk into an ornate entrance with bar and then the main restaurant. Lots of fun chandeliers, and fancy mirrors, very Parisian. We ordered a $9 cup of chowder which was good, just not for $9. The burger was huge and the steak and eggs were cooked perfectly. Good service and crowd.
3	I LOVE Gummi everything and anything so when I saw they had cocktails with Heaven thrown in there (gummi worms in this case) I had to have one!  Their gummi goblet was giant-sized goodness...not too sweet and ultra refreshing - it'll leave you smiling from ear to ear :DFor lunch we had the Ham and Brie served with fries and Fried Mac and Cheese to start. The Fried Mac was to die for!  They've got a number of fancy, schmancy candy cocktails that were both visually, and taste-bud appealing.  You really gotta come here on an empty stomach if you want to down a few.  Service was meh, but that's okay, their food and drink made up for it all.
4	We go here all the time, open 24 hours, good food, great drunk food.
4	Great location in the Paris hotel, amazing view of the Bellageo fountains and trendy chic atmosphere. For an appetizer, my sister and I had the fried mac and cheese. It was heavenly. Unfortunately, they messed up and didn't put the order in so it came out with our entrees. ho hum.I had the ham and brie sandwich which was delicious. It had this amazing fig spread that paired so well with the brie.My sister had the Chicken and waffles. Good portion and very tasty as well!We could not leave without dessert, after all the restaurant is attached to a giant candy store. So we opted for the banana sundae. The sundae was good, although it's hard to mess up a sundae, and for $15, it better be good. Nothing fabulous about it though, just good. I'd skip getting it next time and just stop in for drinks and the fried mac and cheese.
4	Good good! This restaurant is good I love it that you could sit outside on the strip. The drinks are amazing and really really big 2 people can't even finish that when they brought the drink over it was smokin was the dry ice!! The drink was 26 dollars but it was worth it!!
5	This place is SO chic. I love the decor and the store attached.The restaurant itself is great. There are so many savory options with huge portions. The desserts are pretty delish, too. I came to Vegas for a week for my 21st birthday. I ate at this restaurant probably 70% of the time I was there. I had my first legal drink here, too. It was one of those giant goblet drinks (so grooood). I wish I'd remembered our bartender's name, but he was so great and personable. Most of the staff was pretty attentive, too. One of our servers (on my 21st) mentioned that people who get those goblet drinks usually change their demeanor by the end of the night! It's a pretty big drink.The menu art was very cute~Happy hour can be a life-saver for your wallet. The drinks are somewhat expensive (and super tasty). Drinks are B1G1 from 4-7pm. I highly recommend the lifesaver drink.There are reservations through opentable, unless you've got a large party (then you do it through their website) and they're open all of de time!
3	Ok. With an open mind (that means locals have to set aside their local criticism...) I think this place is fun. THIS PLACE IS GREAT FOR VEGAS VISITORS AND TOURISTS. Most people are looking for a fun experience and it could be in the most cliche way as possible. I think the main point here is the EXPERIENCE. The experience of an extensive dessert menu and the Charlie and the Chocolate Factory vibe. It's super fun, and such a cute interior. They've got a nice bar inside the restaurant, and right next door is the Sugar Factory dessert and souvenier shop that you can look around in.Ok so here's my food critique:SALMON AND ASPARAGUS- Honestly, it SCREAMS over priced. You get 7 pieces of asparagus and a like a 1/3 slab of salmon for $25.00. The salmon was TOO salty, but I must admit that I did like that nice outter crisp that it had, and the tender inside. The asparagus was on point as well. It had a nice smokey flavor with bacon bits, and it was really crunchy. Seriously though, the price versus quality and portion was just plain (ROBBERY). If price isn't your main concern I'd still recommend you try it AT LEAST once for the experience. FRIED MAC AND CHEESE- that was actually a good appetizer and it was tasty. Of course it had the nice crispy outter breading with the soft cheesy mac and cheese interior. It comes with five pieces and pairs their special sauce. I'd recommend this for an appetizer. The best part here are the goblets. YOU COME FOR THE GOBLETS AND THE DESSERT. I think. The goblets are $36 for a 32 ounce drink (you don't keep the cup but for $15 more you can). We got the WHITE GUMMY GOBLET and the BLUE OCEAN GOBLET. The WHITE GUMMY GOBLET was very fruity and tart so if you liek that type of flavor I'd suggest that one, and it comes with fun creey crawly gummy worms inside! I ordered the BLUE OCEAN it has that very strong HYPNOTIQ taste to it (duh...janel because it has Hypnotiq inside) It's not too strong, and not too sweet. It also has fun swimming shark gummies in there (Careful! They bite!)The fun part about that is, they pour your drink into the goblet when it reaches your table then a bunch of fog comes out of your goblet like a witches potion so you enjoy the thrill of others looking at your drink and saying "oooo...ah...I want what they have..." (because that's basically what you're buying.)They also have small martini concotions as well and I'd grab that chance during happy hour where it's buy one get one on drinks. And...that's it!
2	Fun maybe, but as far as food goes, not very good. If your party is just looking to get a laugh and wow as smoking fishbowls of brightly colored alcohol this is perfect but as far as the food is concerned, you can definitely find better and for less. my gf's pasta was too salty, and the pasta itself was dry and stiff. my steak salad was over dressed, though, the steak itself wasn't too bad. I think that if you stuck to a few things on the menu like the steak or the burger, you might do okay, but really, for the price, you can find a much nicer experience. a bit of a disappointment after the other meals I had in LV. perhaps I just wasn't quite in that kind of partying mood. service was okay, though a little confused at times.
4	I can't speak to the food, but the desserts were delicious!I took my niece that lives in Vegas here as a Christmas present during our recent visit. I told her to pick out any dessert she wanted and, luckily for me, she chose the fondue and a malt shake, perfect for splitting :)It's dessert, not something you can easily mess up, so it was good. Lots of goodies with the fondue -- gummi bears (which I thought would taste nasty dipped in chocolate but was surprisingly good), brownies, some type of fruit bread that was also delicious covered in chocolate, strawberries, banananas, marshmallows...it was good. The chocolate malt was also delicious, but turns out that I can't keep up with a 9 year old and her chocolate eating habits. A few sips of the malt and bites of the fondue and I was ready for a nap and some tums. I made a 9 year olds day, though, so Sugar Factory gets a high score from me.
1	Sub par service, sub par food, above par prices, and me and my wife both felt like we were going to vomit an hour after eating here. What more could one ask for?
4	This place was great! First of all, the location is perfect-try to get a table outside if the weather is nice. You'll get to see the fountains at the Bellagio, not to mention do a lot of people watching. The service is fabulous-staff is knowledgable about the menu and they are really fast. I had a pasta dish and it was really good. Their servings are pretty large-my friend & I ended up splitting the pasta. Their prices are extremely reasonable (especially for Las Vegas). I also got some gelato for dessert and it was really good. The atmosphere was really nice and again, the location made it somewhere I'd love to stop by again!
4	I have been to the candy store part of the Sugar Factory many times, but on our most recent visit to Las Vegas we decided to give their restaurant a try.  I didn't know what to expect, but the meal far exceeded my expectations.The menu had a lot of interesting options, but I went with the Grilled Prime Steak sandwich.  It was one of the better steak sandwiches I have ever had.  The meat tasted very high quality.  I also loved all of the toppings that came on it, especially the onions and peppers.  My mouth still salivates thinking about it!The fries that came with the sandwich were not that memorable.  However, my wife and I order a side of fried macaroni and cheese to share.  It was fantastic, and I could have easy ate two more orders of it.The final part of my meal was the Rootbeer Float that I ordered from the cocktail menu.  It was an alcoholic drink containing vodka and with a root beer flavor.  I loved it!  What made it even better was the root beer gummies that were included on top.  I am a huge fan of root beer and gummy candies, so it made for a superb combination.Sugar Factory was a great choice for lunch!  I can't believe that I had been to the candy store so many times without trying the restaurant.  I'm glad that I finally did.  I was not disappointed!
5	OMG I DIED & WENT TO HEAVEN!!!! I can't believe this place doesn't have 5 stars! First of all if you have a sweet tooth and I mean major sweet tooth then this is your place!!!! This location not only has a store but a restaurant as well. The store is quite large and carries a lot of fun stuff, starting with candy and chocolates(obviously), clothing, accessories, etc. compared to the mini versions of this store found around Vegas. Now for the real review which is for the drinks... They serve cocktails that tastes EXACTLY like the candy/chocolate. No joke. At first it was weird for me to digest in my head the fact that I'm drinking a liquid version of bubblegum watermelon pop, or an almond joy but its soooo good that its almosttttt as good as the real thing.As for the food: (this is what I remember having but I've tried more things) -Turkey burger wasn't bad, but too big to finish by myself-Mac & cheese balls were AMAZING-Steak sandwich, steak was prepared perfectly and sliced thin so it was easy to eatMy ONE & ONLY complaint... Outside seating is for 2 seaters only, I wish they could make room for a spot for larger tables. Other than that I MUST visit this place every time I'm in Vegas! :-))))
4	can't say much about the candy and sweets portion of this place, but the restaurant was good.the french onion soup was a little disappointing, but the appetizers and salads are great. i would return.awesome drinks too!
3	Disappointed.  The food was not bad but they nickel and dime you for every add on.  Not worth the money.  Cute candy store but very expensive. Had to keep telling the waitress we needed refills.
3	They are open SUPER late which is a PLUS for Vegas. I went here to eat around 3-4 in the morning and ordered the BBQ chicken pizza and a Caesar salad. The pizza was tasty and I would eat here again simply due to the fact that they are open into the wee hours of the morning/night, whatever! As for the salad it was less than mediocre and the waitress forgot half of our order (maybe why she was working the nocturnal shift instead of during the busy hours). I say give it a try.
4	I really didn't want to like this place because I really don't care for The kardashians.  We were staying at the Paris Hotel Casino.  After playing for awhile, we got hungry.  I have not liked any of the restaurants in Paris, not even Mon Ami Gabi.  My husband suggested trying Sugar Factory.  I hesitated but I was too hungry to care at this point.  I decided to just order a Greek Salad and he ordered the Signature Burger.  I took a bite of the burger and was so surprised how much I liked it.  Keep in mind, I am NOT a burger lover at all.  But I LOVE this burger!  We've been back here many times since then as we visit Vegas quite often.  For one reason - THE SIGNATURE BURGER!  The buns are made with white chocolate so it's a bit sweet.  The patty is perfectly cooked.  The savory patty with the slightly sweet buns are such a nice combo.  I am craving it as I write this review!  I wish they have one in LA or OC somewhere!  Service is always friendly.  It can get really crowded on weekends but I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes as I try to avoid going during peak time.  Prices are very reasonable by Vegas standard.  Most dishes are $15 - $20.  They have these insanely large Goblet drinks that a lot of people get.  I don't drink but I heard they are pretty SWEET, literally.  :D
2	Food is good... service is slow... prices are high... music is loud. Eh.
4	The more I visit Sugar Factory, the more I see why people love it. At first glance, it is decadence to the extreme. On second review, it still is, but that does not detract from the overall experience. As I always tell people that come into my work, "let yourself indulge a little. You are on vacation." From time to time, SF is my spot to satisfy my sweet tooth. It does not matter what you get, it is all very exorbitant. The drinks come in fish bowls or modeled after candy. The food has exponentially gotten better. I ended up getting the roasted chicken the last time I was there. It was moist, tender, and flavorful. The green beans on the bottom were cooked to perfection. It was not just tolerable so that I could continue to down drinks.The desserts come in overkill portions. It is safe to say that you can share most items. The sundaes are large and boast multiple scoops of ice cream, topped with almost anything, and could feed an army. Want to celebrate a birthday and make the individual feel overwhelmed? Sugar Factory is the place to go.
5	My experience may differ from a lot of others since my trip there was part of a wedding reception. The service was excellent and they handled the party VERY well.The food was fantastically amazing! The fried macaroni and cheese was something I wasn't expecting, but I enjoyed it thoroughly. The salmon I ordered was cooked wonderfully, as well.
5	As my first review for the 2013 year I would like to start by asking, WHY have I not been to Sugar Factory during the last four in a half years that I have been living here??  That is the question of the year so far!  Or WHY has no one ever taken me...until now? I was fortunate enough that someone invited me to go with them to this fine establishment. Who doesn't like a place where you can peruse through an assortment of sweet treats and candy, a bar with amazing drinks and  staff, a restaurant area that serves delicious food and MORE sweet delectable desserts? Anyone? Nope, did not think so. There is something for EVERYONE in this beautiful factory. I really enjoyed this place. Like I said the staff was friendly. Molly the bartender is down to earth. The drinks were nothing short of gratifying and scrumptious. One of the managers suggested a drink to me that had pineapple, but I hate pineapple, so he insisted that I trust him. He showed me up big time. I could not put that drink down for a second. The flavors blended very well. I bow down to you sir. :)  I had the french dip, which was delicious. I saved half of it for work the next day, because I wanted to savor it. The person I was with had this giant, and I mean GIANT burger that had white chocolate within its bun...what...yea. He devoured that thing. I was impressed. Then we had two of the dessert dishes, an ice cream castle of strawberry shortcake and shortcake bites and this TO DIE FOR chocolate crepe creation. I do not pay attention to names well, but I can describe that dangerously delicious dessert from each bite I took. I would say that I would most definitely be coming back. A place with great people, great service, great good, great drinks, great sweets, no doubt has my heart for sure.
2	2.5 stars20 minute wait for over-priced mediocre food.I ordered their steak sandwich medium rare and it was really tough to eat. The steak came out more rare (at least it wasn't over cooked) and was so chewy the whole slab came out of the sandwich. I had to use a fork and knife to eat this. To top it off, the steak had NO flavor. I guess at least it wasn't over salted? More like no salt at all lol. Oh, and I paid $20 for this almost inedible sandwich, but at least most of the fries were good.  Some were definitely soggy :/There are so many other good places in Vegas to eat. I would pass!
4	This place is so much fun! I love going with groups and sharing the goblet drinks. Prime location for people watching, call 10 minutes ahead to save a table on the patio and watch the bellagio fountains go off during dinner. Ive never had anything I didn't like. Service can be questionable and Im pretty sure the 16 year old seating me should have had a sweater on, but its Vegas. Great place, reasonable pricing, alright food, open 24 hours a day.
1	Service @ night wasn't ver good. For a party of 8 they only gave us 1 menu & said they RAN out of menus. They sat us in the back dining room which was dark & unwelcoming.  We just decided that this place wasn't for us & politely told the waitress we were leaving. The restaurant only looks good from the outside.
1	Overpriced garbage. A burger that would cost $5 at Carl's Jr. and taste better there costs $15 here and made me feel sick. The service was poor as well. I could have probably left without paying - the server was nowhere to be seen.
3	Went here for my birthday because my friend wanted to treat me. The desserts were too sweet and overdone. I wouldn't have minded the high price tags if they were more tastefully done instead of just monstrous in size and overwhelming in taste. I mostly went there to try the steak but apparently they ran out, so I got a bouillabaisse comped, which was pretty good but nothing special. Strange that the service was so slow even though there was a surplus of employees and a lack of customers.
1	worst Experience ever. My husband and I have been coming here since it has opened And keeps getting worse and worse! new policy every time. food is not all that great. Completely overpriced. The Only thing going for it is a beautiful strip view. New thing now they charge for "bottled" water. which is tap water in a bottle. supoosably its all you can drink water in a non sealed bottle which im sure that can't be legal. then a new charge "cns" fee which is added after taxes when asked what the heck that is i was told its a franchise somethin fee which meant they get charged for having a prime location so in return we as patrons have to pay a fee. also im sure that's not legal. but needless to say that was the last time i or my friends will ever go there.
1	I've been here numerous times and each time I am disappointed.  Not only are the menu items overpriced, but the service is awful.  The food is mediocre at best.  On one visit, my party of two did not have our waters refilled once.  On another instance, my party came in just for dessert, which I know can be annoying to do, but it seriously took us an entire hour to get our dessert.  I think the only reason this place is so popular is because of all the celebrities they get through here.  Don't come here if you are looking for decent food.
3	The food is good... When u finally get it. The service here sucks. I'm an employee of Caesars and it's really sad that they offer such poor customer service on one of our properties. And they charge $2/person  for water. WATER. really!!!! Wtf
3	I love candy and fun drinks and that's why I gave this three stars. The food wasn't great (I don't think anyone I was with was amazed by it). The goblet drinks were really fun and the main reason we went there. I like the decor and the service was average. I think if they stepped up their food game this place would be awesome!
2	Eh.   Ok.  The actual restaurant is very loud and service is mediocre at best.  I was looking forward to this place because of the great menu but once I was there it was underwhelming.  Skip it and eat somewhere else.
4	Love this place! It is one of the few restaurants opened 24/7 so whenever you are ready to eat this is the place to go! The desserts are great and so is the food. They recently re-did their menu from when they first opened it and its still great. The one thing that I miss is the ability to order breakfast 24/7. What is awesome about this restaurant are the variety of drinks you can order. My favorite is the jolly rancher martini. It tastes exactly like a cherry jolly rancher! The only downside to the drinks are the prices. The large goblet drinks are $36 and most of their martinis are $16. Since this is Vegas the prices are what you would think but it would be nice if it was a little cheaper. As far as food goes their burgers are great! Their pasta bolognese is also very good as well. If you are in the mood for desserts I would recommend their fondue. They have a variety of things to dip in their different chocolates. My favorite is dipping strawberries into milk chocolate! If you are a tourist I would say you should go here. If not for dinner at least for a drink or two. Try to sit outside because you have a great view of the Belliago fountains!
4	Dined here for lunch twice in the last two months. It is super cute and the food is fantastic. Be prepared to pay a bit more and wait a little longer, it is not a sit down eat and leave quickly type of place. Definitely split a goblet with two or three people since it is $36 each.
1	Quick review on this craphole...you'll notice we won't even talk about the food because we never got any.  Started out on a warm, sunny Vegas Tuesday around 3 pm.  We had been walking around for awhile and decided that some coffee on an outdoor patio would hit the spot.  We came upon the Sugar Factory, saw they had coffee, open tables, and a patio...perfect (or so we thought).  We go to the hostess station to get a table.  They tell us it will be a 10-15 minute wait...that's weird considering there are numerous open tables but whatever.  So we wait and eventually they buzz us and take us to a table outside.  The waitress comes up and asks for a drink order and we ask for water while we decide.  Well they don't have just regular tap water but they do have $6.95 bottled water...annoying but again whatever.  So we pass on the water and just get the coffee.  A minute later our waitress is back telling us that if we only want drinks then we have to sit at the bar.  REALLY??  So we said sure no problem then walked right out the front door and I can guarantee we will never be back.  I could have understood if it were lunch or dinner rush or even a weekend when you wouldn't want a table used just for drinks when you could have people dropping way more cash for a whole meal.  But it was a half full patio at an off hour on a weekday...they should have been fellating us for bringing our business there.  Instead they are busy enforcing arbitrary rules.  Use some common sense you morons.
1	My quest for good gelato on the Las Vegas strip continues. This place isn't cutting it. 5 bucks for a very small cup of so-so gelato.Service is depressing. I'm getting the feeling that people in these jobs just really hate their lives. Hmm let's see, I wait on line at the sign that says order here. Place order. Receive gelato. Proceed to end of counter where the register is at with a sign that says pay here. Then I wait. And wait some more. But wait, there's more! More waiting! Finally the same dud (yes I left the e off the end on purpose) comes over and mumbles that I can go pay at the middle kiosk if I want. I'm sorry I could not understand you; is it because your tongue is too big for your mouth or do you have a really hip tongue piercing in there?  My reply...I'd prefer to just walk out without paying. A quick scan of the ceiling...yep cameras, damn. So I goto the kiosk and guess what? I waited 5 minutes more to pay for this substandard gelato!Finally I'm on my merry way to the counter between the candy shop and the restaurant to have a sit down with my gelato. Decided to scan my receipt. Wouldn't you know it...a mystery charge titled CNF. Whats CNF you ask? Well here's what they do; they charge you the advertised 5 bucks for the gelato then tack on the mandatory 8.1% sales tax and then take that total and tack on 3.5% more and call it CNF. Yes the tax on food here is now 11.6%!?!?!  Such B.S. just increase your prices 3.5% so everyone knows what they are paying instead of tacking on mystery charges.Breakdown of your 1 star rating:- 1 star for substandard gelato- 1 star for bad service - 1 star for overpriced rubbish- 1 star for mystery feesOverall Sugar Factory: FAILThe quest continues...
4	The food here is amazing. I can't say the same for the desserts but I will explain that later.I ordered the steak and arugula salad. It was perfect for a summer day in Vegas. The steak was flavored just right, the artichokes were amazing, and the dressing was light enough to not overpower the other flavors.  My friend ordered a salad as well. She is a vegetarian so she substituted the meat for avocados. Unfortunately when she received her bill, they charged her $1 for each slice of avocados and she didn't  realize it until she received her bill. We all agreed that she should have been told about the extra charges. Later that night we returned for dessert. I ordered the banana pudding cup but I wasn't impressed by it. My friends went through the list of what they wanted and there were a number of things that they were out of. We ended up getting the peanut butter fondue which was great. I recommend getting the fondue if you are looking for dessert. It's a little pricey but can be shared easily between 4 people.
1	They charge for tap water.    Avoid this. You have so many choices on the strip.  Upon entering a patron pulled me aside and said avoid the Mediterranean Pasta and Mac n Roni.   How is itPossible to screw up Mac and cheese?
1	I completely take back my original 5 star review and apologize to anyone who wound up eating here recently due to it..As you can see from my previous review I really loved this place. We come to Vegas probably every two months at least and have made it a point to eat here at least half the trips and always recommend it to friends who ask for places to try. So fast forward to this weekend- we haven't been to Vegas since this summer due to a lot going on in our lives so felt a little "out of the loop" on some new stuff happening on the strip in between this time. I guess one thing we missed was this place getting new owners and chefs. I happened to browse yelp before we headed here for breakfast today and noticed how terrible the recent reviews were but shrugged it off because I had been here so many times I thought I knew what to expect.... How wrong I was!I really hope the new owners read and take all this recent negative feedback seriously- I cannot believe how much they are shunning and insulting their fans! First after being seated we were told about the new water policy ($2/person for basically tap water in a bottle- apparently to "save the environment and bla bla" but it screams desperate for as much money as they can take from customers and cheap). That kinda pissed off my boyfriend but we went whatever and tried to order- boyfriend asks if he can order the $20 steak and eggs but substitute the home fries for something else and we are told "sorry we have a new chef and no substitutions are allowed".... "Even if we pay extra?".... "No sorry". That was the final straw.We told our waitress (we had already been served coffee) we would finish our coffee and go somewhere else to eat. She wasn't surprised and was pretty honest about how upset so many customers have been due to the new policies and completely understood our feelings- so the 1 star is credited to her nice service/honesty. I have eaten at restaurants that don't offer substitutions but they are either extremely cheap or high end with quality ingredients and creative menu/dishes the chefs don't want the ingredients compromised on. The fact this place- which is basically a Cheesecake Factory with more flare-- has the nerve to act pretentious like their Denny's quality over priced steak and eggs dish is too good to have a substituted side dish is ridiculous and insulting to the customer who wants something healthier with their entree. So never again and definitely won't be recommending this place anymore to anyone- which is disappointing because we really did like coming here. However, there are SO MANY food options in this area it's unnecessary to frequent if not enjoyable. We paid ($18 after tip for two coffees and our water- ha) and went to Mon Ami Gabi and the experience there was so much better,classier, accommodating.... and cheaper (a few similar things on the menu and about $5 less than Sugar Factory was asking and I guarantee better quality food)! Get over yourselves new owners and cater to who puts $ in your wallet- your customers!!!
1	I don't even know where to begin on horrible this place!!!!! I have heard people rave about this place, which I think is due to the hype of celebrities going there....,I went for the first this past Friday night and my cousin and I had a 7:30pm reservation for 5!! Of course we had to wait an additional 20 minutes when we got there, while watching people who came after us with similar party sizes go before us! It was not until we asked again they said oh your next! (Of course) The hostess were rude and had the attitude they were above looking at anyone while speaking to them... After being seated it was 15 minutes before our, no personality server came to our table... She then explained that there is a $2 fee per glass of water (which is insane) it is tap water in a glass bottle!!!! Who does that?!?!?We ordered an appetizer (fried macaroni) which came out cold and besides this she gave us no plates or utensils (guess we should use our hands and lick our fingers)....I received the wrong drink (which I was still charged for when the bill came). We were finally able to order entrees, which again took forever. Ok I understand it is a Friday night, but being at a restaurant for over 2 hours just waiting for majority if the time is ridiculous. When the entrees came out the turkey burger I ordered had the red onion mayo on it which I had asked her to take off. When she came back to the table I asked her how long it would take to remake it (because the mayo was smothered on the top and bottom bun which made it impossible to wipe off). She said she would have it out within 5-10 , minutes. I agreed to have to remade but after 15 ,minutes I asked her how much longer, she said it was coming out. It took 25 minutes to get a remade turkey burger!!!! Really!!! That's not the worst part. This time it came out without the grilled onion (so wrong again)!! I called our server over I explained to her it came out without the onions (do you think she offered to bring some out) absolutely not she just looked at me like she had no clue what to say. She says don't worry I'll discount your bill (like I was just looking for this the entire time). I think not!! I don't need your discount, how about the right order and some decent service!!!! Remind you by the time I got the food everyone else was finished eating. Dessert was out of the question at this point, although it was never offered anyway!!!To finish the night our server brings the bill, wait for it!!!!!!! With a $3 discount of off my $16 burger. Hahahahaha. All I could do was laugh... I called the manager over (he never gave his name or acted like he was remotely interested in what I had to say... He was a middle eastern man if the management reads this or cares)He listens to what I have to say the says okay!?!?!?!?Okay what? I'll talk to her! I don't know what you want me to do!!! Absolutely nothing sir! Please let your server know her tip was the burger she brought out wrong twice and did not in anyway attempt to fix and the $3 discount she thought she was doing me a favor with.... I will make sure to never come back and advise my friends the same...I dine out regularly and never expect comps, free food or any special treatment. The only time I bring it to the attention of management is when  the restaurant is at fault and providing the type of service they say they provide. Especially with strip prices...Sugar factory get it together!!!!! What a joke! I have friends who I have shared this experience with and they said they have had similar experiences and no longer go here also!!! I'm sure sugar factory does not care because they rely on out of towners and not repeat business....0 stars
1	Such a dissapointing experience. I have been wanting to come here for the longest time and it was awful. My friend had a reservation for 7:15..they wouldn't seat us until all of our party was there..so we waited. When they arrived we still waited for over 15 minutes and the hostess was rude. We sit down and I know I'm not a cool 20 year old anymore but it was so loud !!  I couldn't here anything but music bumping in my ear. As I looked over the menu I was dissapointed..it was very small and very expensive. I ordered the cobb salad and it was the worst salad I ever had. How can you mess up a salad?? Wilted lettuce..huge strips of soggy bacon and no dressing..gross!!! And for $16...I was so annoyed at this point. Still hungry after the salad disaster, my friend orders the club which was no better. I had a bite and had enough.  So, onto dessert. I was looking forward to it since my dinner was so gross.  My friend and I split a triple chocolate sundae for $14, it was nothing special and certainly not something I would go back for. The only positive thing about my night was the server was friendly and he provided good service..other than that I will never go back.
4	Visited Sugar Factory late night (around 1 am) after spending some time at Chateau. If you come in through the Paris entrance, the place seems deserted, but if you continue through the restaurant to the bar/ seating area, you will find people I promise. There were a few tables of patrons upon entering the main seating area, but plenty of seating. This place is mostly booth/ table combos. Pretty large menu, reminded me of Grand Lux actually. I ordered a salad and a cookie jar shake. Both were really good! Salad included arugula and feta; lots of dressing options. Highly recommend sharing the shake- they come in these huge skinny steins. My friend got some kind of entree, an omelet I believe. Great late night eats!
4	Finally came in here to see what all the hoopla was about.  We first entered through the gift shop.  We were impressed with all the different candies they had for purchase and lots of Hello Kitty unique gifts.  We did see the $25 dollar sucker which is actually a holder for the sucker stick all beaded - gotta look cool.  We went for a trio of little burger appetizers to share and then my daughter ordered mint chip ice cream and my Mom and I shared a cookie sundae.  Our waitress was nice and really informative about the menu.  What I didn't like was that the person who delivered our ice cream to us didn't even bother to bring a spoon and then we are sitting there waiting for her to return with ice cream melting as she delivered food to other tables.  This kinda upset me a bit.  I will come back for a date night with my husband.  Glad I finally made it here.
2	I think I would have enjoyed my visit to Sugar Factory much more if I had either A. Been able to order off the breakfast menu (WHY do places stop serving breakfast at 11am in Vegas?! Makes no sense to me) or B. Grabbed some confections on my way out. I was tired, hungover and in desperate need of some carbs when my girl friend and I hit up SF on our way out of town, so I wasn't too pleased to wait 20 minutes for a table only to see so many open tables in my immediate vicinity. But whatever, moving on. Service was fine - nothing horrible but nothing to write home about. I ordered their signature burger for $17 which came on a scrumptious white chocolate bun. The burger itself was good but it arrived with tomatoes after I requested to have them left off, and cooked well done when I had kindly asked for medium rare. My friend ordered the French dip which she seemed to enjoy, and the spinach artichoke dip we had as a starter was good enough - not too chunky, not too runny - so all is not lost in the Sugar Factory kitchen. Lunch for us girls including an alcoholic beverage each, an appetizer and two sandwiches came to a little over $70. I wouldn't say no to a return visit if someone suggested it, but I'm in no hurry to rush back.
1	Sugar Factory offers over priced, bland and average American fare. For those who didn't know, now you know. We went down for the new After Hours night before heading to Chateau. We sat at the bar and  the bartender, one for the bar patrons and the other working the well, was swamped with only 6 people at the bar. Really? The menu was limited to one page front and back. I suppose they chose the easiest items to prepare to speed up service. The prices were out of control! $11 for chicken tenders- no fries, $15 for a burger and $10 for 3 sliders-no fries. A side of fries is $4 and the 4 salads to choose from were sad to even consider at $15, on average. A 24 hour restaurant with no late night specials to reel people in? Instead they choose dancers and a DJ.The food was tasteless. Four homemade chicken fingers came out in a basket. They were dusted with a flavorless flour, but good considering the technique. Id suggest they at least use panko breadcrumbs for the price. The sauces came in plastic ramekins. How f'ing cheap! The sliders and fries were worth all of $4 dollars. Bread, spread, "Angus" burger, burnt cheese, bread. No tomatoes, pickes or even lettuce. The whole thing was dry as hell! OMG why do kitchens insist on upc-harging for Angus in slider burgers? The fries didn't come on the side but in the same basket as my sliders as if that's how they always arrive.My friend had the burger, which looked good and costs the same as my flavorless and sad sliders.With a 24 hour cafe in every hotel on the Strip, I wouldn't go back to Sugar Factory  if you paid me.
5	I was there this past week for my birthday & it was great. The bartenders Molly, Kelly, Scott, & Frits (2 Chainz) were awesome. See you in July!!
3	I came here on Valentines' Day with my boyfriend. Unfortunately, I came around a bad time, I was participating in Lent so I couldn't have any meat on fridays. The menu was heavy choices of meat sadly. I ended up ordering the Sugar Factory burger, the one with the white chocolate bun. My burger was okay with the veggie patty, I can imagine the burger would be delicious with some beef on it.I want to come back again and hopefully my review will be more favorable.
4	Love the drinks here!!! Amazing desserts too! The service is not the best, but still a fun time especially when you sit outside!
1	If you could give zero stars, I would.  Seated on a Wednesday afternoon for a drink and sat, then sat, then sat some more.  Apparently no one was interested in taking our order as no one stopped by our table so we left after 10 minutes.
1	I am appalled by the customer service I experienced at this establishment on the morning of April 7, 2013, with a server by the name of Charlie.  This was my first experience eating at a restaurant on the Las Vegas "strip", and now I know why.  As a server myself for over 10 years, I am all too aware of the ins and outs of the job of a server.            My first complaint is how on Gods Green Earth can a restaurant located in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip not serve BREAKFAST after 11:00am!? You are aware that there is an abundance of alcohol served in Las Vegas. There is also the possibility that the patrons of your restaurant may be experiencing the after effects of said consumption of vast amounts of alcohol, such as sleeping in past 11:00am and all they want is a great breakfast and some strong coffee, and from your menu it appears that your establishment does in fact serve a great breakfast, but only till 11:00 am!  WHY THE HE LL  DO YOU STOP SERVIGN BREAKFAST AT  11:00?!?!?   That is just despicable!            My second complaint is the utter lack of care and concern taken with our table once our order was taken. When our food was delivered I just happened to be in the restroom with my daughter. There were two orders of Steak and eggs delivered to our table, the food runner neglected to ask who had the order of steak Medium Well with the eggs cooked over medium. When I returned to the table, I realized right away that I had been given the wrong order of a Rare steak and eggs cooked sunny side up, I am pregnant and can not eat my steak rare, nor can I stomach my eggs sunny side up, which is exactly what I had in front of me. My friend who had clearly been given my order of a Medium Well steak and eggs over medium was clearly disappointed with his (MY) order, which he had already eaten half of. I went ahead and just switched plates with my friend and ate the rest of my half eaten meal. I did not have the time to waif for a new order, nor did I see my server anywhere to even attempt to ask for a new order.  Had the food runner been aware of the two different orders of steak and eggs I would have been much happier with my meal, considering the amount of money I paid for my half eaten meal! Also, once we ordered our steaks, how does a server not bring steak sauce to the table? My friend got up and walked over to a group of servers just standing around and had to ask for steak sauce...a good while AFTER our food was delivered. We never had our sodas or coffees refilled by our servers' own free will, we had to ask him!!!! That is Server Responsibility 101!!! CHECK ON YOUR TABLES!!! "May I get you some more coffee....some more water...some more soda...some more tea, how does everything taste!!!"  I mean come on! That's was absolutely pathetic!!        My third complaint is the negligence on the part of the server when it came time to pay the bill.  We were a table of 10 people, we made it VERY, VERY, VERY easy for him to split the bill up. The three adults took the time to add up our meals, drinks and gratuity, Nevada tax, etc, etc for our server. We wrote the last 4 digits of each credit card and the total amount to be charged to the three separate credit cards. HOW HARD COULD IT BE?!?! WE LITERTALLY SPELLED IT OUT FOR HIM:       Credit Card # 1234- $85.00  Credit Card # 5678- $45.00  Credit Card # 9101- $90.00AND YET HE STILL MANAGED TO MESS THAT UP AND HE CHARGED MY CREDIT CARD TWICE!!!!!!!!!!  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!  THANK GOD WE CAUGHT HIS MISTAKE, HE DID FIX IT, BUT I WAS TOLD IT COULD TAKE UP TO 3 DAYS FOR THE EXTRA CHARGE TO BE TAKEN OFF MY CARD. BUT HOW MUCH EASIER COULD WE HAVE MADE IT FOR OUR SERVER?!?!? IN MY 10 YEARS AS A SERVER I NEVER HAD IT THAT SIMPLE, WHEN IT CAME TO SPLIT PAYMENTS ON ONE LARGE TABLE!!! Other than all that I will say this, the food was good. My daughter ordered the baked apple waffles and they were delicious.  Thank you for taking the time to hear me out.Alya  C.
5	I love Sugar Factory! I had the 36oz drink with the blue gummy sharks in it! I loved it. I want to go back as soon as possible.
3	This place was ok, the atmosphere was normal, the food tastes average.  Only the service people seems kindda pretentious...kindda ruined the meal.
3	I have been here twice, the first time I went (about a year ago) the service was great, and the most recent time I went (about a month ago) the service was awful, the bartenders seemed absolutely miserable and pissed off and it took 20 minutes just to get my drink order. The drinks are pretty tasty and they have an interesting selection of specialty drinks. (The White Gummi fish bowl and blow pop martini are good) This place is quite expensive though, when I was here a year ago they had a happy hour special 2 for 1 drinks so that makes those $36 fish bowls more worth it, but now they cut out happy hour so it's just back to expensive sugary drinks. I'd say it's worth in to come in and try out a drink or two but thats all.
3	I think I am getting old. The music was just way too loud and as the evening progressed, I swear the music was getting louder and louder.  If you are looking for a meal with great conversation- do not come eat here. You will spend more time shouting and saying "What?"I have been here a few times now, and for the desserts, drinks, Bellagio fountain view, and people watching-  I'll give it 4 stars.But, for the actual food- only 2.  My most recent visit was last night with some friends who were visiting.  We made reservations for a party of 8 (4 adults, 4 kids).  We had already perused the menu and so were ready to order right away.  But unfortunately, we just sat there for about 10 minutes waiting to order. When our waitress finally came, we were reading her lips to understand what she was saying, and unfortunately i couldn't lip-read her name.  So we place our orders, and then played the waiting game for another 30 minutes.  Finally our food came out- Rejoice! Wait, stop rejoicing.  Where are the fries I ordered? Didn't I ask for the salad dressing on the side? Are these the Chicken N Waffles? Note- they use chicken tenders in their "Chicken N Waffles".  So after finally getting everything corrected, we dug right in. My ham and brie sandwich was very tasty.  My husband's burger was OK, and the chicken tenders were a little dry and bland.  Because of the wait, the sub par service, it just was the opposite of my previous visits.  I won't come back for an actual meal.  But if I do return for fun expensive drinks and dessert, I will remember my ear plugs.*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 27/100*
1	I was here in the winter of 2012 and it was great.  I just recently visited again a year later and I was not impressed!  Visited on a Friday night and the music was so loud I couldn't even have a conversation.  Sadly, we left because it was over-priced and too noisy.  If I wanted to go to a night club, I would have.  Decided to return the following day for the real reason I wanted to return there in the first place - happy hour.  Stupidly, they got rid of their happy hour due to a change in management.  BIG MISTAKE!  Due to a lack of happy hour, I left for the second time and went somewhere else.  I think this place is over priced and way too loud.  Unless they decide to have a happy hour again, I will no longer recommend this place or return.  Save your money and go to Max Brenner at Caesar's, they have a terrific happy hour and a chocolate themed menu that is delicious!
2	Honestly, out of all the place we ate, this place seemed like a rip off. First off, their goblet drinks are $36. Granted, their huge and I would certainly end up on my butt if I finished one, but we ordered two appetizers, two drinks, and a side of tater tots and the bill was over $100. Our drinks were very good, but the entire meal for the price was a bit overboard. Also, their candy is $13 per pound. Yikes! Still, it's a very cute place but I recommend going here only for drinks, not food. Servers were just ok.
3	I made a dinner reservation here for my husband's birthday and our 10th Anniversary.  The drinks were fantastic, the view was gorgeous, the service was excellent...but the food came up a little short for me. I ordered the White Gummi Goblet (after inquiring if you could get the drink in non-fishbowl size--you cannot).  My husband had to point out that he thought it was supposed to be for like 4 people---I said, "Do you want an 11th Anniversary? Shut your face."  The drink was delicious.  It tasted like a citrus/peach Sprite with frozen gummy worms ice cubes. Yum.We started with the onion rings. They were fine--just a normal onion ring, nothing special. For my main dish, I had the fish and chips. They were boring and sad-no flavor at all. For dessert, we had the red velvet cake sundae (with a birthday candle). It was tasty. The view was amazing. We sat on the patio and were able to see the Bellagio fountains three times. Gorgeous.Overall, I would recommend having a goblet or two at the Sugar Factory before going out on the town and go elsewhere for dinner.
1	This place makes no sense at all.  Got here Sunday during brunch time, was seated right away, but did not get a drink order till 30 mins later and then after that it was too late to order anything with eggs unless it was the steak and eggs. Listen to the reviews, STAY AWAY unless you want to wait 30 mins for a coffee!
2	2.5"Meh. I've experienced better"Yep, that describes it. I think this was a bad experience because of the bartender.  I had a mere three gummy worms in my gauntlet. I was disappointed and the bartender told me she'd get me more. So I waited... and waited... and waited until the dry ice stopped working. My boyfriend had to ask her where were the rest of the gummy worms and she finally gave a whole bunch to me. I make a point with this because you pay a lot for this drink. It is not the cheapest drink in the world, so if I want a good amount of those gummy worms, it better be in there! Lucky for her, the drink was super yummy.
3	April 28, 2013 Monday - breakfast 8:45 AM4 adults Atmosphere - 4 starsFood - 3 starsService - 3 starsBackground - Wanted a big sit down breakfast before we hit the road home to Reno.Atmosphere - The restaurant was only a quarter filled when we sat down.  Nice contrast of color in the place.  Food  Appetizer - none.   My Main Course - Banana bread French toast covered in berries and banana slices.  I got to say it was not very French toasty.  You had to search for the egg wash on the bread.  The bread itself was at room temperature and tasted as if they just put fruit on top of it.    The fruit was very fresh and tasty, the best part.   Dessert - noneService - Okay 15 minute wait for a quarter full restaurant, fine I get that you are not staffed for a crowd.  But then take us to a table with three chairs for a group of four and not have all the place setting there.  Shame, you had plenty time to make sure that table was ready before taking us there.  How busy can two hostesses be?  Our waitress was good.  She had to explain to me that the picture on the menu in the breakfast section is actually a dessert, which the menu did not include a dessert selection.  Why would you put such a picture there, just because the dessert has a base of a Belgium waffle?Future - Plenty of choices in the area for a nice sit down breakfast.
4	Made a reservation here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner and  turned out great!  the goblets drinks  are really cool and everything was a pretty good portion and tasted good we were a pretty big group so I got to try the pizza, salads, steak and burgers all good!! I would definitely come back here again ! The customer service wasn't great  but  was good  for being a sat night during dinner time  they also have DJ on Fridays and sats  . I would recommend calling ahead to make a reservation if you're going on a weekend for dinner .
3	This place was just ok for me. Cute environment and sweet idea but the food looked and sounded a bit too funky for my taste. Shared a breakfast pizza containing bacon and cheese. It was good, but not great. I wish they weren't so stingy and added all the meat groups in one rather than sausage, bacon OR ham. I don't really like OR.
1	I used to come here a lot. The food was great and the service was always nice. Recently however they started charging you for water ... This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. They make enough money from the public from their expensive food that it is crazy to me that they would charge for water..!!! Needless to say I will not be going back.
3	Damn, those are some crazy Goblets!Maybe it was bad timing but I wasn't in the mood to get crazy drunk and ended up here for some vegas-style post-nuptual celebrations. The Goblets looked appealing but I knew I couldn't finish one on my own so the BF and I split a Lollipop Passion. The presentation is amazing! Large lollipops and candy necklaces sticking out of the fishbowl of a glass. They pour the liquid into the glass at your table so you get to see the dry ice fog out of the glass. Very cool! http://su.pr/1YG4xWI ordered a Sugar Factory Salad minus the bleu cheese and asked for candied apples on the side. It turns out, that evening they were out of candied apples anyway so I basically just had mixed greens, tomatoes, and cucumbers mixed in balsamic vinaigrette. It was large, it was good, but not worth $12. Perhaps the bleu cheese and candied apples makes up for how it's priced.I also ordered a side of of Roasted Mushrooms. At first I thought that $6 per side was kinda high up there but I really wanted to "beef" up my simple salad. The portion for this side was HUGE and maybe worth the $6 but I also wonder who would need such a crazy amount for a side dish? I'm not hating though, it was tasty and mixed well with my salad.Overall, my meal was mediocre but I'd probably come back for the drinks.
2	Not to be confused with the trendy club upstairs, the Sugar Factory is simply and average quality restaurant.  Few stars and the honest poor reviews speak volumes. A fun place with great desserts would be an a good addition to dining options in Las Vegas, but the Sugar Factory just doesn't cut it.  We came here late at night and had milkshakes.  Nothing special, though I must admit I'm not a big milkshake fan.  I thought it would be what I consider a malted but it was thicker and more like whipped ice cream you get out of one of those machines.  Not great.  The service was good and our server was helpful and even a bit apologetic about the quality of our milkshakes.  I limit sweets and so when I do indulge i want something that's a guilty pleasure.  Perhaps something here would fall into that category but I doubt I'll come back to find out. With so much to do and so many places to eat in Vegas it's easy to skip the Sugar Factory.
1	This place has no respect for their customers! The CHARGE $3 for water. What ASSHOLES. Charging for"Flat" water when it turns out they fill up water bottles in the back from a filtered tap, yes basic tap water . Pretty damm crummy  they are taking advantage of their customers this way. When you ask for water they should like you know that they are charging for it. As for the food we received lackluster, dry cheeseburgers overpriced at $15 each that took a good 30 minutes to arrive ina 1/4 full restaurant .  Over all:Service : Crap-tacularFood: Overpriced and sub standardA BIG FAT ZERO for the ridiculous nerve to charge for tap water.
5	I'm surprised this place doesn't have higher ratings! On the upside;-food is great! You almost can't go wrong with a menu like there's-from pasta to chicken and waffles!-service has been great on both occasions that I've been. The hostess staff is some of the friendliest -great and convenient location, I love that you can browse the candy store while you are waiting to be seated-it's open 24/7!!!!On the downside;-their full menu isn't available 24/7 which can be a bit disappointing if you want the waffles for dinner  Overall do recommend. They have some pretty crazy drinks you can't find anywhere else and it's awesome to finish your dinner and dessert(dessert here is a must!) and be able to browse the candy store and take some to go. They have some pretty creative desserts and candy!
1	My girlfriend and I like to have dinner dates together once a week and dinner dates with friends every other week, so its safe to say that we eat out quite often.  I'd have to say that our experience at the Sugar Factory within the Paris was very disappointing.  Our group of ten arrived with no expectations, just to have a good time (like most people) when we were quickly turned off by the service of our server.  We were a very polite and respectful bunch only to be treated terribly. The food was nothing special and we ordered an array of different items, from apps. to entrees and none of it was worth the price.  I also would like to mention that they apparently had a "buy one - get one free" promotion for their signature "goblet' drinks; however, it wasn't until we were wrapping up our dinner when we were told about it from a neighboring diner.  Our server exclaimed, "I forgot to mention that" =|I really wanted to like this place because it seemed like one of the "it" spots to try.  Unfortunately that wasn't the case.  And oh, Sharon H. (another Yelper) is right, they charge $2 maybe $3 for a small glass of water.  I work in the hospitality industry and trust me when I say that I will never recommend this restaurant to any of my guests.
1	Looks nice on the outside, but their food was not amazing at all.  Water is not free (I believe they charged $2 or $3 for filtered water).  I had their fetuccini alfredo which tasted like premade canned sauce from the grocery store.  The quality of the food was not worth the price.
3	I was walking on the strip at around 1 am and I yelped for a late night restaurant.. We walked into the sugar factory, tbr hostess was nice and we were seated after 5 minutes.. The reviews on yelp mentioned a lot about extra charges here and there when ordering and I was amazed at the system they had. They charge $2 per empty glass to fill water in. They also charge $3 to split a salad in tbe kitchen which they messed up 3 times. We ordered a ceasar salad with no chicken, and had to send the salad back 3 times because they kept putting chicken in it.. Their sugar factory club was very good, especially the use of raisin bread which had a good contrast with the bacon in the sandwich. The nutella crepe was also very tasty.. Overall, I would come back for the food, the only issue I had was their lack of detail and unattentive to the orders.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 76/1003.7. A four star would be quite an overstatement. The sugar factory is well, a sugar-coated bling-aroo located at the Paris Hotel and Casino. Think Kardashian and glam celebrity life, definitely different from the usual places I hang out at. Anywho, my girlfriends and I wanted to try something different for a birthday celebration. We landed a good window spot indoor that overlooked the strip. Order consisted of:- The Sugar Factory club sandwich and fries- Half chicken/shrimp pizza with mozzarella cheese and artichoke- The red velvet sundaeOverall, we liked the food. Although the club sandwich and pizzas were nothing more than ordinary, the red velvet sundae was a hit. Abundant and bursting with flavor, we were three impressed girls and yet, we were still unable to finish it. What we didn't find so impressive was the service. Waiters seemed a little lethargic and when I asked about special birthday treats, the hostess told me that they could add in candle sparklers to our red velvet sundae for the celebrant. But when the dessert arrived, the server had but one small candle on it, lit it up and shoved it on our table. My other friend and I raised our eyebrows a little and continued on to sing anyway. Other people joined in and we forgot about the candle sparkler promise. Also, pricing put a hole in our wallets. Only come here if you've got money to burn. I'm probably not going here any time soon - and temporarily disabled to visit other restaurants too for that matter.
1	I live here, went there when it first opened, it was terrible.  I had a friend intown, went back, thinking it would be better, even worse.  First off, the name Sugar factory is very misleading, we were there at 1:00 for lunch, I said I wanted something sweet, I was never offered a dessert menu and told I could only get the waffles.. Plus they charge you for water 2.00  The only place in VEGAS that charges for water, trust me, I have been to 100's of restaurants, from the Wynn to Denny's and no one charges for water. They said they dont have filtered water.. really, liars.. The food is always dry.. menu limited, no matter what time you go, no sweets even though the name Sugar factory would imply something sugary beside Drinks(alcohol).. Please if you want the best sweets on the strip, go to Ceasar's  and eat at MAX Brennars the bald chocolate guys place.. They have sweets, their menu is HUGE plus they do not charge for water.. They serve their food in very cute unique plates/dishes, YOU must go to Max's..  skip sugar factory, wait time is always toooooo long, you pay for WATER... menu is horrible.. hoping it will close, but if not, we are waiting for Hershey's to open later this year up near New York- New York.. maybe they will have an amazing place to eat... Trust me when I say us Locals no our food..
4	This is a sweet tooths dream. Just nuts, has so much to offer. There are candies, chocolates, ice cream and much more. Soooo good.
5	When in Vegas, you would be missing out on a jackpot if you didn't have breakfast here at least once.  Absolutely fantastic. We went three times for breakfast on a four day trip while staying across the street at the Bellagio.  I recommend: The Chocolate French Toast.  Simply divine.Red Velvet Pancakes.  The creamy topping is sinful.  And we stopped by for drinks one night.  They are known for large drinks and they pack a punch.  Service is outstanding, location is perfectly central, and the view of the strip is awesome.  Don't bother trying to save a dollar at Denny's.  Eat here and act like you are in Vegas!
3	This is Cheesecake Factory level tastiness. You know it's terribly bad for you and the portions are huge, but you eat it anyway. Basically, good hangover food.The standout for us during our three times here is their SUGAR FACTORY SIGNATURE BURGER * which is a:white chocolate bun, shredded lettuce, crispy fried onions, sliced tomatoes, american cheese, muenster cheese, sugar factory spreadIt's really such a great burger. I'm surprised more people aren't raving about it.My husband also loved their take on the eggs benedict with scalloped potatoes in place of the English muffin. The water thing is a little odd, but our waiter told us each time that it was unlimited after the initial $3 fee. I do believe we were not watching too closely the one day and she charged each of us the water fee. Oh well. When in Vegas.Their cherry Tootsie Pop drink was insanely spot on. I don't like them enough to eat them today but taking a sip took me back to my days in elementary school, for sure.Lastly, I loved their little spiked candies in the store section. Especially the s'mores treat.I'll be back next year and I'll fast the day before so i can indulge in that burger again.
3	After walking around the casino looking for a place to eat lunch, we ended up at Sugar Factory. I thought the bar and decor were nice, I was definitely picking up on a more posh vibe. It was that weird time between lunch and dinner when my bf and I ate here so it wasn't very busy at all. Funny enough, the best thing at this restaurant is their water! It's so darn good after you've been walking down the strip sweating your butt off. Anyways, I saw breakfast items and got excited only to realize they are not served all day. Ugh, WHY?!? Le cry.In a last-ditch effort to satisfy my craving for breakfast food I saw the chicken and waffles and went for that instead. Too bad my bf ordered the chicken strips because when my food arrived I wanted to face palm myself. Pardon me for having some basic expectations when it comes to my chicken and waffles but I was eagerly anticipating some bone-in deep fried chicken goodness! Not chicken strips nestled between a waffle cut into quarters. My chicken was literally the exact same thing my bf ordered. Oh Vegas, the sins restaurants get away with in this city...The chicken strips were surprisingly good though and the "signature" waffle tasted like your average Betty Crocker waffle.  For $20 the dish fell flat but I ate the whole thing anyway. Service was a-ok.
3	This place was a must stop on my trip to Vegas... I expected the prices since it was Vegas and the celebs that have been seen in the place but my complaint was the tables are really small for two ppl.. Me and my bf ordered a fondue plate, two martinis and a goblet drink and the table was stuffed and we had to miniver the table the whole time... The only other thing was the waiter came back to often, polite but to often... This was deff a one time thing for me.. But I am glad I can say I went...
4	4am at the blackjack tables at Paris and all I could think of was "Man, I could really go for some steak & eggs!" We asked one of the cocktail girls and she flagged down a pit boss to escort us through the casino floor over to Sugar Factory which, to be honest, looked like it was closed.Not only was it open, it's ALWAYS open. 24/7. Of course, I had to order the Sugar Factory Steak & Eggs ($18) -- grilled rib-eye steak accompanied by two eggs and a bearnaise sauce. Sunny side up eggs, tender and juicy rare steak... I was in heaven! All of the dishes in the Eggs & Omelets section are served with home fries and your choice of toast. White, wheat, or cranberry challah. Wait, what? Cranberry challah?! Yes, my friends, cranberry challah. It was pretty awesome, although suspiciously buttery like a brioche.. not very pareve.Our server Skip was very friendly. After a quick conversation over the pronunciation of "challah," we learned that he hailed from LA as well. :) I think it takes a certain personality to be able to serve obnoxious late-night drunk people with smiles, so mad props to him! (Can't say the same about the hostesses though... the ones we encountered were gave off an impression of snootiness...)A bit pricey but, at least in the case of Steak & Eggs, totally worth it. Perfect hot spot for satisfying those late-night munchies!
1	TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE does not cover the time we had. What a horrible start to what was to be a very special evening for my daughters 21st birthday. Never will I recommend this place.
1	OMG I'm so disappointed; this used to be one of my favorites! The milk shake was watery and they changed the fries; had the club sandwich and it was a major key down. I spoke with the server and he said, "yea it's the new owner.." Really? And they now charge for water! Will not be back.
3	I always enjoy going to the Sugar Factory whether it's for drinks with friends, or dinner. I also love their desserts. I find that their food and drinks are consistently made and you can count on getting something that you like. I also love the fact that they are always open. The only problem that I seem to encounter on every single visit is the service. Typically, I get seated right away, but the waiter/waitress takes forever to come by and the food takes a while as well. On my last visit this week, I came in for a drink and dessert with a friend. We chose to sit outside which was nice with the misters since it was so hot out. Fifteen minutes later, we still hadn't been able to order. Once we ordered, we got a Cotton Candy Cosmo, an Oreo cheesecake, cookie sundae, and a glass of white wine. We got our drinks pretty quickly, but we waited at least 30 minutes to get our desserts which seemed pretty ridiculous. The bottom line is, they rely heavily on getting people to come in based on their celebrity clientele, the food is good but not amazing, and they service is always really slow.
3	Co-worker recommended sugar factory since we were in town on business. I was game for any place that uses chocolate buns for burgers. They had a pretty cool looking menu of mixed drinks, in particular those with vodka. I'm a beer fan and stuck with the tried and true sculpin, a San Diego based beer that was on tap. They have indoor and outdoor seating along the strip, and while it was 100 degree hot during the day, our evening dinner hour resulted the weather to be nice enough to sit along the outside patio and people watch. Our server was fairly quick and attentive. Once we got the food he didn't come around too often though.  So service started out good but defintely took a hit as the night went on.Ordered the Mediterranean salad and the Sugar Factory burger. The salad was ok., nothing special that stood out. The burger on the other hand was delicious. Definitely would go back for it. That chocolate bread went perfect with everything else inside. Fries were ok too, almost slightly soggy. Whatever, it's all about the burger. Price are high of course ($12-18 avg), but if I am stumbling down the Vegas strip I would have no problem dropping $20 for a legit burger.
1	I gave this place a try because it looked like it was always packed, so I thought that it had to be good. Boy was I wrong. Not only was the food and value not very good, the service sucked big time. I asked for water and bread. I got them, but was shocked when I got the bill and saw that they charged me $3 per person for water and $5 for bread. When I asked the waitress about them, all she said was they don't give out tap water nor do they serve free bread. A little heads up when I asked for them would be nice. I'm not a cheap ass, but paying $11 for something most restaurants of this caliber give out for free is not cool in my book. I wouldn't come back here unless I was paid to do so.
1	Fun decor. Good food. But the positive ends there. The server would leave before getting everyone's orders, and then failed to deliver everyone's orders.  We went for a birthday celebration and they brought out a sundae with Candles in it and sang  to the birthday girls. Problem was after 7 of the 8 of us got our ordered desserts no more came. The 8th dessert was a sundae, which the server explained was the sundae he brought out with the candles for the birthday girls. Bigger problem, the sundae, which was not even ordered by a birthday girl was the wrong flavor ice cream! Unfortunately the service made this could-have-should-have-been festive celebration into a tragedy. Please don't support this establishment until they improve their customer service!
3	Here is a touristy place to go if you want to try modern food made with something sweet. The service is slow, the servers seem unhappy and the food is average and overpriced.I had the hamburger that has a bun with white chocolate baked into the dough. I was good but not worth $16+ I had to pay for it. We ate here during lunch time and it was surprisingly dead.On the candy side all the employees seem happier and friendlier. Lots of good option for after dinner sweets, lots of old school candy to choose from.I would go again for the sweets, as for food try it if your curious.
5	Came here again a few weeks ago and I still love it!!The wait was much longer this time because it was a Thursday night about 9:30pm.  For a party of four we waited about 35 minutes.  Not bad.  They take down your cell phone number and text you when the table is ready so you can leave and come back if you want.This time we got some goblets! I split mine due to the cost, and 11 shots of alcohol in it haha.  I ordered the Hawaiian Crush and it was good but I could really taste the alcohol.  I don't like when I can taste the alcohol.  My cousin ordered the Lollipop and hers was so much better!  Next time I may try the Gummy Bear goblet.After overlooking the menu, I couldn't stray away from the Mac & Cheese burger.  So I got that.  So good!  Deep fried mac & cheese patty, no beef patty, but there is bacon.  Everybody loves bacon.  I tore that burger and fries UP.  I regret nothing.I really want to try breakfast here one day. Everything sounds and looks so delicious.
4	Yummmmmy. We went here for breakfast on Saturday and it was so good. Their maple smoked bacon is the best thing ever, especially when you're starving from dancing all night! And because I was on vacation and didn't care about calorie count, I splurged and got the mini sliders for breakfast. And then added the bacon. Perfection! Could have used a little piece of tomato or lettuce, or maybe a pickle, but still so good! Loved our meal and the decor was super cute and trendy. Waitresses were friendly and attentive, and the cute little candy shop in the front is definitely a must-see! :)
4	I was in Las Vegas for a Stella and Dot conference, I wanted to see what new things have popped up in Vegas and came here.  The candy store section is what caught my eye first and that is what I am basing my 4 stars on.  The selection was wonderful and was able to bring back some cool novelty items home for the kids.  Monster University candies to The Avenger PEZ dispensers, this store is sweet and is the reason the Sugar Factory is cool.The restaurant was ok, I had their signature burger with the white chocolate baked buns.  Not bad, service was a little slow.  They are known for their mixed drinks that come in huge goblets!  I did not have one but the next time I am in town, I will come for the drinks and candy store.
3	Came here July 2013 because finally we had a chance to try one if their big goblet drinks. ..didnt dine but food at other tables looked good. The 2 of us shared a 'Lollipop Passion'....big and impressive lime green color with big lollie pops garnishing and dry ice. My partner said too sugary but I liked it...Midori Melon, Bacardi Coconut and Absolut Citroen... fun to drink and packs quite a buzz so use caution, lol . At $36 these are quite an extravagance. ..so maybe just share one, sit on the patio and enjoy the Bellagio fountains.
2	Spend your money elsewhere. The food is okay, not really worth the amount they charge. The best thing to order from here would be the drinks. I will not take that away from them. I believe that when we my food is served it should be hot and fresh. The fries were seasoned well but my food was lukewarm by the time it arrived. A very small amount of fries were put on the plate. I ordered the Double BLT Grilled Cheese and it definitely could have been better, nothing special. The only thing that is reasonably priced are the desserts. The red velvet sundae was good, not to overwhelming and not to small. Customer service is not welcoming and barely check up on you to see if you need another drink or anything. Must have just been the waiter. Be careful, they like to charge twice so just make sure you check your bank account. Instead of charging my tip and total together, they charged separately. I was charged once for my meal, and then charged again for my meal including tip. $40, the first time, $50 the second time. I like the candy store, but the restaurant should uphold their reputation and pricy foods by their performance and actions. Not worth the money or time....Go to Serendipity instead, although the food there is also pricy, it tastes MUCH better, & the desserts are excellent. They fill your plate and dessert with a great amount of food. The customer service is MUCH better and more personalized and comforting. Not too overly involved but you feel welcomed. I also did not get charged twice for my meal, which Sugar Factory has done nothing about. I will not be going to Sugar Factory again, don't waste your time & money.
2	Low quality ingredients, mediocre food, horrible powder hot chocolate, lukewarm coffee, but very good martinis and all overpriced. Don't expect the same Sugar Factory from three or four years ago.
5	Mmmmmm.......truly a treat a fun way to start the day, the breakfast & the candy store was absolutely delicious. Great service & great waffles.....yummy
1	While I'm writing this review, I'm still in sugar factory waiting for a table. I've been waiting for about an hour and not one hostess even bothered telling us how much longer. My girlfriend and I just sat looking at the bellhop hoping to get called.
3	They r no longer have the happy hour anymore, and they charge 2 dollars for water in the glass.
1	Worst customer service ever!  Ordered a cool dry ice goblet drink and waitress kept bugging us to pay right away instead of giving us time. There were plenty of tables, so it wasn't a case of us taking up space and we weren't even there for an hour. Supervisor came over and wasn't polite at all. He also told us to pay up and was extremely rude to the extent of him yelling at me. I will be sure never to set foot in this place. One star for the goblet dry ice drink but for $36 a pop, Not worth it at all. The dessert place at Aria is awesome! Go there! As for 24 hr food. Grand Lux in Venetian is way better.
1	I was so disappointed overall. I have been wanting to come here since the last time we  visited vegas.The food really is just horrible. I got a Cobb salad which was bland just a egg cut in half with 4 little pieces of bacon. Plus the dressing wasn't anything to remember. We also got the Mac and cheese appetizers. Very bland no seasoning just fried mush.I didn't try the drinks so can't rate those but they looked pretty good. Overall... Drink here... Don't eat here.
1	Wouldn't stay if we weren't in such a hurry. Give up the prime retail space if you don't really want to work. FYI: real Parisians are not bitches so stop trying to act the part.
3	Not impressed with sandwhiches or burgers here. Denny burgers n sandwhiches taste way better. their chicken and waffle may be the only great dish everything else other then the desert taster like anyother cafe or restaurant.
2	Okay so the only reason why they get 2 stars is because the server was nice. The food is overly salty and mediocre at best. There are plenty of better restaurants. We decided to order the white gummi drink. Basically you are paying $40 for candy and smoke. Didn't even get buzzed of this massive sized drink. I don't think there was an ounce of liquor in it. Totally not worth it. The place is super loud. It's had a feel of a night club.
4	I've been here on two separate Vegas trips. The first time I camehere, we had to wait over an hour for a table.  This time, we waitedabout 5 minutes.  The alcoholic drinks and desserts and unique.  Thedrinks, according to my friends, had a ton of sugar in them so theyhid the alcohol content very well.  The desserts were delicious!  Wegot a chocolate covered pizza which was really good!  I thought it washad too much chocolate on it, but I loved the dough (keep in mind, I'mnot a chocolate person, I prefer salty foods like chips).This was a fun place to try.  I'll come back here.
5	They have the best looking bartenders (female) on the strip. Hands down. Food is great. Staff is super friendly, drinks are strong and the beer is ice cold. What more can you ask for? The food is really good here and reasonably priced. You have to check this place out and try the outdoor seating before it gets too cold. Great atmosphere.
3	I was so sad to see the owner had changed :( the menu changed and it is no where near as good. The fried macaroni and cheese, which used to be to die for!! Sucked :(. I was so disappointed and sad cause this uses to be a must stop when we come to Vegas 3 times a year. Now it's okay we don't have to go stop.
2	Not impressed.  Our waiter was not personable, the food was overrated, and pricey.  I ordered Alfredo with chicken.  The noodles were undercooked, the chicken was cut into cubes (seriously??), and the Alfredo sauce was minimal.  The meal was less than "savory."
3	Sugar Factory has amazing Specialty Drinks! The Punch Goblet and Watermelon Jolly Rancher Martini were excellent. The food on the other hand was so-so. I was expecting the food to be more upscale then just burgers, pizza, salads and sandwiches.I will visit again, but for drinks only.
4	Came here for lunch on a Tuesday and only had to wait ten minutes! I really loved the decor and menu selections... Seemed a TAD overpriced, but when the food was brought out, the portions were very generous. I got the chicken strips and fries, and there was plenty leftover. I didn't get a chance to try any drinks or desserts, but I would definitely come back for it. They have these fishbowl/goblet sized drinks and they looked amazing. The service was very nice, and you can sit right on the patio and enjoy the view of the strip AND if you're lucky, the Bellagio water show!I would recommend going! There is something on the menu for anyone! I always judge a restaurant on a few things, and the decor/design is one of them. It's very cute, and the food was good! No complaints!
3	I have been here twice hoping it would get better sadly it hasn't just not that great I have had better for way cheaper if you want the goblet it's expensive but a nice experience personally I wont be eating there again
1	A very disappointing experience ... We just had breakfast at sugar factory and one of us ordered the eggs Benedict and found a long piece of plastic on the ham . We called our waiter who took the plate and didn't even apologize and asked if We'd like another dish without saying please accept our apology your dish is on the house .. This gets worse when the waiter talks to the manager who doesn't have the decency to come by to the table and apologize . We asked for check and left the restaurant but before leaving we talked to the manager who 1st didn't apologize , 2nd : he denied that the Waiter talked to him about our table and said " this wasn't the case even though we saw him talking to our waiter and that the Benedict was taken off the bill 3rd he doesn't deserve to be a manager in such an industry as he has no sense of hospitality , problem ownership and guest recovery.The attitude we got from him has definitely made us not wanting to step in that restaurant again ..
3	This place had ok prices on food - not super expensive which is good but it was just basic American type food.  If you are not going to buy one of their specialty candy themed drinks, I'd not bother coming here for the regular food because it is nothing special.  The view here is GREAT.  It is right across the fountains in the middle of the strip and it was a great atmosphere.   I wouldn't come here again though unless I was going to drink their special cocktails.
5	This is one of my favorite places to have a fun lunch on the Strip.  It's reasonably priced and the view is great (same as Mon Ami Gabi next door but without the wait or the white linen tablecloth vibe.) The wait staff is friendly and the vibe is upbeat. They have a wide variety of menu options which will please everyone (sandwiches, pizza, salads, burgers,) but definitely try the cobb salad.  It's far and away the best cobb salad I have ever had!  I take friends and co-workers here often and they have always left satisfied. Also did I mention it's open 24 hours?
5	Amazing food and drinks. I've been here multiple times and everything is delish. Sit outside for a great view of the Bellagio fountain show.
3	What actually disappointed me about this place is that the desserts weren't that good. The food is actually pretty on-point, but for a place called the Sugar Factory, you'd think they would have better dessert options. Anyway ... the sandwiches are pretty good here. They also have these giant cocktails that are like $30-$40 each. They will get you pretty good though. I like this place because it's 24 hours and has a premium location on the strip so you can people watch.
2	The only reason we went here was because everything else was closed and it could accommodate our group. Overall, disappointing in both the food and the drinks. A bit pricey for what you get. Service was good, wait was average.The food is typical American stuff, nothing to write home about. The drinks were a mess. I ordered a regular Cosmo, a drink every bar SHOULD know how to make. I had to send it back TWICE -  first it was way too sour, then it was warm and sour - the perky young chick at the bar had NO CLUE how to mix a drink. Did I mention I ordered Grey Goose in it? How do you make Grey Goose taste bad?! This place did.
1	Horrible breakfast.Came here cause I originally wanted a crepe. I asked to see the crepe menu and I was told only breakfast items were served at that time. Waitress wasn't helpful neither fast.We had the banana grilled toast. Grrrr banana bread was so dry and tasteless, topped with caramelized bananas that were hard to eat and a tiny bit of berries as the side. My friend order an extra side of sausage links awwww how cute 6 bucks just for 3 small sausage links that were also gross.Seating outside would be nice when its not peak season in Vegas otherwise you seat there and hear all the noise and crowds walking by, not enjoyable.Overall a mediocre breakfast for two for nearly 50 bucks, what a shame.
1	We have been here a lot throughout the years, and had literally supported it time and time again.Unfortunately in our most recent visit (this past July), we were sorely disappointed. A place that we had been raving about  to our friends have now changed. IT HAS DETERIORATED drastically.1) the hostesses at the front have no idea what customer service is. I'd be happy if they could just stop rolling their eyes and giving their customers attitude. Come on, who's paying for your paycheck?2) Our waitress (an African American woman) was extremely un attentive. I ordered water, and she "completely forgot!" really? Who takes the order and lies blatantly to your face saying "It'll be out soon, I'm making sure!" and then.......15 - 20 minutes go by and she walks by you like nothing happened? 3) HORRIBLE food this time. My ceasar salad was DRENCHED in sauce. Like literally. OMG it was just so thick it tasted very unhealthy. My beau's burger was forgettable. NEEDLESS to say we will NOT be back.
3	If you come to Vegas this is a must for drinks but I would pass on the food! Tried almost everything on the food menu and it's not impressive at all... The goblets on the other hand are amazing and a must try! My favorite was the gummy goblet so yummy & fun!
3	We came here while walking on the Strip and it started raining and we were like "eh, why not?" A good wait for around 15 minutes and we were seated in the back corner. Our waiter was prompt but sort of an ass when I asked where the bathroom was. They charge $6 extra for chicken in the pasta. Food was just okay, filling but definitely overpriced. The giant goblet was pretty good but a whopping $36 and its HUGE. It's good for like photos but other than that there was no extraordinary taste, service is subpar, and the price is definitely beyond the quality of the food which was good but I mean everything can be overpriced on the Strip anyways and they have a prime location to be.
2	Came here for breakfast.  Maybe we are spoiled from Mon Ami Gabi (they were packed) but it was very bland and overpriced for what you get.
1	Terrible food and terrible service......me and my fiancee only had the server at our table once and that was when we ordered our food. I wanted another beer but it never happened and the restaurant was dead so I know they were not too busy.
1	My father always gave me a pearl of wisdom as follows: "Son if you cannot  say something nice about someone in public, don't say anything at all." I shall make an exception in this case. This place looks inviting and with a reasonable price. At the end of the meal we got a ridiculous bill for over $75.00 for food and drink that were not great. I would describe this restaurant as "a tourist trap."
3	The place is infested with barbie dolls visiting from the mid west cackling with the rest of their female friends celebrating someone's upcoming nuptials. But other than that the food was pretty good. I had the salmon with asparagus and it was odd that they put such a tiny serving on a huge plate. It made my meal look so sad and small but it tasted good. I didn't have any of their signature drinks because i was extremely hung over from the night before BUT from what i can see they looked pretty good. The prices are very reasonable. nothing too crazy. Had the chocolate torte for dessert and it was very rich and dense. I shared the torte with my friend and together we couldn't finish it. But it tasted good. I just wish they had chocolate cake instead!Anyway, come here for a simple meal because they dont have anything out of the ordinary on the menu except for the drinks.
5	I thought this place was absolutely delicious and wonderful. I had a steak here.. Filet.. So delicious.. I had this at about 1 am and the waiter was very nice, the place was fancy and wine to accompany my meal was very good.Had a mountainous delicious brownie ice cream cake fudge situation for dessert and that was very rich but that's how I like it! It's a dessert duh! And you're at a place called sugar factory! Music was hip, people were friendly, love that the food is good no matter what time in a day or night! I love this place! No real complaints except the table I ate on wasnt big enough for all my food!
1	Don't go there!!!!Terrible service, food less than OK, and......they charge you a CNF (extra tax) fee on your bill. We ask for clarification, they told us Paris charges them a fee to be part of the hotel and so we have to pay an extra tax to them. Went to the Paris management, they didn't know this was happening at the restaurant.  We received THE WORST SERVICE OF OUR LIVES!!!!
1	Not so impressed with this place. I wasn't too hungry so I just got the crispy buffalo chicken appetizer. The description sounded good saying "blue cheese fondue, pickled celery". I expected this fondue to be like a dipping sauce but it was so sparingly drizzled on the chicken to where I couldn't even taste it was blue cheese. And the chicken itself was kind of gross. It was minced up inside inside a crispy shell - pretty much looked like fried cat food. Everyone else I was with got various items from salads to pizzas and they weren't all that impressed either. The only redeeming thing about this restaurant is the outdoor seating and view of the Bellagio Fountains. I wouldn't recommend this place for food, but drinks would probably be okay.
1	I've always wanted to eat here since it's very visible from the strip. I finally got a chance on an impromptu Vegas trip. Came here on a Saturday evening for dinner. The hostess I came up to decided she was going to ignore us and didnt make any eye contact at all. Now I have been to nice restaurants all over the world, so I can tell when people are being rude or not. As with rude help, wait staff, and sales people, it's a case of "noblesse oblige," and you just have to excuse them. The other hostess caught this behavior and quickly greeted my friend and I. Told us that the wait will be 10 mins and she will be texting me when our table is ready. 30 minutes have gone by, I finally received a text. Went to the rude hostess again to give her a chance to redeem herself. Again I was ignored, the hostess that helped us, once again, intervened. We were seated promptly. From this point on, it went very smoothly in terms of service. Our waiter was very obliging when I had to change my drink order. I had their root beer drink with an added liquid nitrogen for an additional cost. The drink was 20$ and was a total downer. It did not taste good. If you like milky medication taste then this drink is for you. But for me, it was just disgusting. I barely touched it. I had the chicken and waffles for my entree. Sorry to say it was pretty abysmal also. It was not flavorful but the chicken was very hard. It gave my jaw a workout. My friend and I decided not to finish our entrees as we both had the chicken and waffles. We both bursted out laughing when we found out that we had stopped eating it because we were actually too tired to chew. Grand total of this abysmal meal is 90 bucks for two people. So it was two drinks and two entrees for 90 bucks. lol
2	Terrible service...  Do you ever go somewhere and just want to end it all while you sit at the table waiting??  Quite unfortunate, however I really have nothing else to say about this experience.  We did eventually get to order food, however no drinks which was quite bizarre till it was worked out.  We also eventually saw some of the food...  Not 3/4's of it, given the service issues that I may have mentioned, but a few bites here and there.  Needless to say, we didn't actually eat the food, as it was time to take our business elsewhere.  Good luck with this place if you choice to waste your money here.  With so many other better options within a crawl, I don't understand how this place stays open... boo....
2	The Sugar Factory just does not cut it for me when it comes to quality desserts. And I am expecting quality because of the prices that you are paying. However, the Sugar Factory will stay as a nice gimmick to let people see on the strip. I have had 3 visits here and I can truthfully conclude that it is not my favorite place to be.1st- Just trying it out and had their pasta. It was overly cheesy and it left me feeling disappointed, but my friend enjoyed his French Dip. Frozen Chocolate however was delicious.2nd- Bought their "New Years Package" to ring in 2012 and this time was probably the best time out of the bunch. The manager was handled all of the booking and payment answered every email I had with inquiries very diligently and I appreciated that. For about $175 per person we were able to dine window-side inside and had a fantastic view of the strip. Our table was beautifully decorated with many fun adornments for us to use when it came time for the fireworks and also a complimentary glass of champagne for celebration time. Our server that night, however, was NONEXISTENT! The only things he did was bring us our drinks and took our food order. The busser was who came out to give us our food. This completely pissed me off because gratuity was already added on to take care of him. Of course there were times where we wanted to order more, needed refills, or something else and he was either on his phone near the back of the room or nonexistent. The food was seriously lacking with tasteless angus steak and the best thing was the crabcakes. Nonetheless, when it came time for the fireworks, we went right on outside and counted down with everyone else on the strip.3rd- We had a party of 8 and I attempted to get a table for us around 9 PM. Plenty of open seats and the rest of my party went to the "treats" section to look at everything since I had people visiting from out of town so this place intrigued them. I was told by the hostess to go round up my party again and we would be seated immediately. I rounded them up after they just started looking around only to be told it will take 5 minutes to seat us, but it ended up being about 10 minutes. I am not trying to be picky, but if you are going to tell me to do something then also follow up on your promise as well please. I was told from our server that they no longer had Frozen Hot Chocolate so I opted for the Cookies and Cream Shake which I honestly have to say was even better! Overall, if I can avoid going here again.. I would definitely avoid it. High prices for sucky food and desserts. Best things are their expensive shakes, lol.
2	As most of the reviews state overhyped & overpriced sadly. I was looking forward to this place but left with an icky feeling in my belly. Service was OK..Water was pricey. Cherry tootsie pop cocktail, if it were a little smoother I probably would've enjoyed it. Menu overall wasn't anything impressive. Mac n cheese burger - Ate half as it was reeeeeallll stodgy with not a lot else going on flavour-wise. Classic burger - really disappointing pattie. Chicken fingers - mediocre.It looks grand from the outside but the novelty wore off quick. The shop is cute enough though. I'll give it that.
2	I should've read the reviews before choosing here to eat. I know better. When there are so many negative reviews on the service that's a red flag I don't usually ignore.  My husband and I came in for lunch early afternoon and they had three hostesses and one other guy-manager maybe?- and the welcome was meh, and the young girl who sat us didn't seem to want to be there.  Plus, when you have a restaurant that's not even a 1/4 full why would you sit people right next to another table? Twenty-five other tables to choose from, even one over from an already seated one would be nice.  She just seemed to not care.  The waiter came and had the exact same attitude as the hostess.  If I'm paying $16 for a burger I expect excellent service. Long story short-he sucked, couldn't have been less apathetic and the managers need to read these reviews and talk to their staff. It seems to be the running theme.  The food was pretty good but not good enough to overshadow the service. Or lack there of. Not going back.
2	Entertained business guests for lunch here yesterday. Unique place with good service. The menu was an upscale version of American classics like burgers and grilled cheese. I ordered the chicken fingers appetizer and for a small portion. I was served like 6 chicken breasts. This place has mammoth portions. The menu was pricey for the type of fare and for lunch.This would be a great place to take kids if for some dumb reason you have children with you in Vegas. Candy store outside of restaurant was really cool. Much better than the M&M store.
1	Seated for 20 minutes. Restaurant was half empty.  No one came by to greet us. I turned my head trying to get someone 's attention, one waiter or buss boy saw me but decided to ignore the obvious message that I needed help. We walked out. We let the hostess know, they didn't care the fact that the customers were leaving because of lack of service. We ended up eating at the sugar factory bar. Only to find out all our favorite dishes (shrimp cocktails, clams with white sauce, etc) and drink (almond joy martini) were eliminated from the menu. We were told the restaurant has a new owner. The change is for the worse. We ended up ordering spicy jambalaya that was way too spicy - there was too much seasoning in it. I don't mind the heat, but the amount of spice on top of the heat was too overwhelming.  Rib eye steak was ok. Not impressed for the price. Artichoke dip and French onion soup were just ok. The bartenders were nice. They took care of us and apologized on behalf of the restaurant. But overall experience is horrible. I used to recommend everyone to go there. NOT ANYMORE!
1	We had an extremely disappointing experience at Sugar Factory.  We planned our Homecoming dinner for our group of 16.  Our once in a lifetime experience was ruined when we arrived a mere 10 minutes behind schedule for our reservation they gave our table away.  The hostess could care less.  We then had to wait one hour fifteen minutes for a table.  Our entire planned evening was ruined.  Then after waiting the food was so-so and over priced.  Fettachini Alfredo was not good.When in Vegas there are so many wonderful restaurants in Las Vegas unfortunately Sugar Factory is not one of them.
2	I was disappointed.  The food wasn't very good and everything was pretty expensive.  I had a steak sandwich and a beer and it came out to more than $40.  I felt like this place was designed more for tourists and not for locals.  My date had the chocolate drink and it was okay.
1	Don't eat or drink here! I don't believe the bartenders or the cooks taste anything! Watered down, bland, mediocre. There are better places for you to spend your time and calories! Example, the liquid nitro lemon drop was like drinking a raw lemon slush (no sugar, pure lemon juice, no creativity or thought), the Kettle One on the rocks I had was so watered down that one wouldn't have been able to tell the difference between a glass of water and the drink (bartender vehemently denied watering drink down so he's a liar or an idiot), the onion soup tasted out of the packet, the chicken and waffles were frozen and hard to decipher the one from the other in taste. Go someplace else because there are plenty of other options within a stones throw of this dump!
1	Worst restaurant that I've ever been to on the Strip. Gave away our table because 2 members of our party was 15 minutes late. Bartender said he could make any drink Virgin since my friend is pregnant; turns out he can't. Drinks are expensive and nothing special. Food is expensive and taste terrible. Wasn't allowed to use Groupon because was 2 dollars short from mandatory amount. Would not go back even if Jesus dined there. Should have went to Earl of Sandwich.
3	ok... just ok... what it has going for it is Location of course and if you can score an outside table for people watching even better...  we went in for an early dinner, we ordered a burger and a cuban sandwich... onion rings were really good but not sure they warrant the $4 upcharge?  Our service was ok nothing great or quick...  the menu boasted cocktails for $36, yeah they are fishbowl size and come with huge candy/suckers in them but still... wasn't wasting my $ on that!  Anyways the burger was very good and I would go again for the ambiance but next time I will share an item and enjoy the view.  like another review mentioned props to playing hip hop and the swanky setting...
2	My boyfriend thought we would kill 2 birds with 1 stone. I had just purchased a groupon for this place and we were going to see Jersey boys that's in the same hotel.  My boyfriend and I were seated and sat there for about 20-25minutes with no acknowledgement that we were seated. Other servers and bus persons walked around just looking at us. Finally a server came and apologized stating that no one knew their station mind you there was a group of 4 and a group of 2 next to us who all experienced the same wait. I ordered the club with fries and BF had chicken strips and fries. The sandwich was ok but the fries had clearly been cooked earlier, they were barely warm and hard. My BF said he'd had better strips at KFC. Thank god I had a groupon because I would of been pissed paying full price for food that is not worth it. I would not return to this place there are to many other good places on the strip. One positive thing is the group of 4 next to us shared a goblet it was big and looked good.
2	We went in knowing it would be expensive but I had no idea the quality would be so.... Well, shitty. We ordered the popcorn shrimp, Mediterranean pasta & cotton candy Cosmo, and sexual chocolate. The popcorn shrimp was greasy and the breading was flavorless and had a flour taste to it. The Mediterranean pasta was mediocre. It had feta, spinach, tomato, kalimata olives, in a lemon sauce... Oh and butter. I know this bc there was a spoonful of it unmelted that I took down because I thought it was cheese. I could have barfed. I also ordered garlic bread and it was charged and didn't come out with my meal. The drinks however were great. I'd go back for this and this alone. Maybe we chose the wrong thing on the menu but some simple things were overlooked like warming the Dish enough to have the ingredients melted and flavor??? For 90 bucks I'd rather have gone next door to gordan Ramsey's steak. I might give it another shot ..... But will likely be drinking only.
5	I visited this place on Thursday night with my husband and was really impressed. I had a purchased a Groupon and was not sure what to expect since the reviews left a lot to be desired but I am really glad I ended up trying it out anyway. First of all yes it is expensive but it is not outrageous either, you pay about $16 for a burger but hey if you want a cheaper place there are plenty of cheaper places to eat at in Vegas. I got their Signature burger and my husband got a Veggie Burger and for dessert we ordered the chocolate fondue. The food was great, the burgers were very tasty. I was a bit disappointed that the fondue was not an actual fondue like in the pictures but instead just a bowl with chocolate but it was not a big deal since the chocolate was still warm and it tasted heavenly! Definitely check this place out if you are in the area, you won't be disappointed. If you end up going request a seat either out in the patio or by the patio as these tables have the best view of the fountain show at the Bellagio!
4	Sugar Factory was the "official" dinner place for our bachelorette party- and a good choice as well. I loved the candy shop - it felt like a Japanese version of a toy store - but sweet and overtly sexual, even if there weren't toys of that kind, there definitely had that vibe, if you looked close enough. The restaurant itself...the first 17 pages (yes, 17) were drinks, and the remaining couple were food stuffs. I split a club sandwich and salad with Mrs. Jacobovitz, while we drank and then nursed and then drank more of our goblets. Because that's seriously what they were - and for me, a woman who loves sweet things and should've prepared better given the name, the drink itself was too sweet. The food was good for as expensive it was, and it was definitely a place I would return to (and did, only to the bar). Our server might have been slightly overwhelmed with the amount of cleavage and masks (yes masks), but he was an absolute wonder and always had a great smile on his face.
1	Let me start by saying that this is all based on our waiter, Sloan.My friend and I came here for lunch one day, at a time when the restaurant was not in any means full- maybe like four tables were occupied. Let's get the pros out of the way, since there were only a few:PROS- We both got the veggie burger, which was fantastic. It is made with real veggies and on a bun that is purple. PURPLE! And tastes great. For dessert we got the crepes (Nutella and Smores) and they too were very delicious. But, not even this great feast was enough to make up for crappy service and lackluster surroundings.CONS- Who came up with the idea to cover every inch in tables and chairs, and in such a way that even Janga would be shamed? Seriously, not only was there no room (and I cringe at the idea of how it really would have been with a lot of people in there) but our table was lopsided, and kept rocking back and forth. The hostess who sat us even knew it- she moved it around a bit and said it would be fine. No. It was not.Next up prices; yeah whatever, it's expensive. I get that. 100$ for lunch for two.Now for the main one star review: Sloan, our waiter. Yeah, I remember his name. He was that bad. The first sign was the fact that we waited 20 minutes for our food to come out, and when it did, the person (who was not our waiter but some random chick) just dropped them off and ran away. Literally ran away. That's ok. Not like I was going to ask for ketchup. Oh wait, I was. So I waited for our actual waiter to come over so I could ask for some sauce. Ten minutes later out of the hole of hell he came up and I started with "Could I get some ranch...." and he turned to walk away. My friend had to yell 'wait' for him to return since she too wanted sauce.Next up, after eating and ordering dessert we waited another 20 minutes, all the while our dinner plates were in front of us and never cleared. Not until the crepes came out did our waiter walk over and clear it off. Finally, the wait time for the check was ridiculous. Not only had we been there for an hour and half already, we had to wait even longer for Sloan to notice us.And where was Sloan this entire time? I shit you not, speaking to the bartender. THE ENTIRE TIME. Seriously? You only have like three tables to take care of and you stand around and talk with a bartender for the entire day? My friend had to wave him over to get a check, and even THEN we were forced to wait until he picked it up from the table- SINCE HE WAS RIGHT BACK WITH THE BARTENDER!Not one person who works here seems to care about anything but standing around and talking to one another- there were plenty of other workers there, but I never saw one, NOT ONE doing anything. Well, except for the only other waitress there, who was actually doing her job. But she was the only one.I don't ever expect to come back, at least not at the same time since that seems to be the shift where all the lazies are put on.
4	Great breakfast and dessert menu!I've been here on separate occasions for grub. This last time I had the steak and eggs. So delish and the rib eye was beautifully cooked to order! I had a banana split here a while back and it was very large and delish! Overall, the prices are steep (paid $70 for steak and eggs place, an omelet, a bloody Mary and two mimosas) , menu has a variety to keep you coming back and the portions are just right. The staff was friendly and I have yet to see it too crowded for a centrally located spot on the strip. Can't wait to come back!
2	We came here with a spontaneous groupon with a medium hunger and an open mind. I got the angus sliders and the tortilla soup. The sliders were pretty okay, I'd maybe order those again, it was 3/$10 or $11. I drank water and the water tasted fine, not bleachy or dirty. Our drinks were well attended to and the service was pretty quick, but then again, we were there at noon on a Monday and there were maybe 10 other tables to attend to. I liked the atmosphere. Dark wood, dark walls, white marblesque tables. The adjacent candy store was neat but skippable. BF got a Cuban that came on a french roll, I think and was loaded with peppers. I wasn't a fan but he liked it. People seemed to complain a lot about the service; that wasn't the issue here. This was a very basic, TGIF/Applebee's kind of dining experience. Everything tasted processed and prepackaged. For reference, the tortilla soup was a smooth bisque with cubes of colorless "chicken" and lacked seasoning. It was salty, yes but nothing interesting or complex about the flavor. The burgers came without ketchup or mustard. It was forgettable. Esp for how much it would have cost without the Groupon. After tax and tip, we didn't really save any money on our $20 for $40. We ended up at about $35. But it wasn't as bad most of the reviews were leading me to believe!
1	You pay $36 for a drink that's all ice because of the cool cup, and they don't let you keep it.  Total scam.  $100 for a lunch is ridiculous.
1	Really bad.  Changed ownership, new menu and this place sucks bad now.   My wife's pizza literally was soggy and tasted worse than a Celeste frozen pizza. I got the Steak Frites ordered medium.  It was cold on the inside and pretty much raw.  So, I sent it back.  Seems like they need a lot of work to get back in shape.  Was so much better when it first opened.
4	Went there for breakfast and the food was great. The service was very good and the full drink menu was available at 8am. Of the three places we went for breakfast this place had the best Bloody Mary. The menu had a lot of choices, and they give you large portions. Plus they have outside seating with heaters so you don't miss any of the amazing people watching. Will have to go back and try either lunch or dinner, the pictures look delicious.
1	Our experience, overall, was pretty bad. We stopped by The Sugar Factory midday to check out the menu and decide if we maybe wanted to come back later that night for drinks and dessert. We didn't see a menu posted, so we approached the hostess and asked her for a menu. After she scoffed and acted annoyed at us for asking to see a menu, she gave us a short, brunch menu (front and back piece) which didn't have the full amount of dinner items offered on it. So, we went back and asked a second hostess if we could look at the full menu. She practically shouted at us when she said, "We're only serving brunch right now!" We had to explain to her that we weren't there for brunch; we were trying to plan out where we would go that night. She rolled her eyes at us when she finally handed over the full menu.We decided, despite our hostess experience, to go back and get dessert and drinks with our friends. The service was great and the ambiance was cool. The only thing I would change about the ambiance is that we sat inside because it was a particularly cold night on Veteran's Day in Vegas and none of us had outerwear on. We came to find out that they had their screens to the outside down so it was as if we were sitting outside anyway. We were freezing by the time we left. Other than the service and the ambiance, the rest was only OK. The food we ordered was sub-par. The drinks were delicious and unique. However, everything was way too overpriced. I know Vegas can be expensive but for what the food was and the average service, it wasn't worth the money.
2	I went to sugar factory with my g/f on a Saturday night at 7 pm.we entered thru casino and we never were greeted.I never saw a hostess.so we walk in and both never being here wondering if it was seat yourselves or what..we walked past empty weird seats and a bar that looked closed..we finally were greeted by a male manager when we looked lost. He was nice and asked if we were going to dine w/ them and stated hostess was on the street entrance!! Weird cause most walk thru casino..we walk to the hostess and it was busy they said how many etc which was 2 and said 10 min then never asked name nothing.waitress brought us to table by casino entrance..I asked where the bathroom was and she looked like I was dumb and said in the casino...Ehh horrible sat for over 5 min no waitress.so we went back up to front and asked for a  seat in front .they looked pissed and put us outside after 15 min wait.we went to our seat which was good but loud because u basically are sitting at the inside diners table.they have heaters which some girl said she was hot so they turned em off which luckily was at the end of meal it was chilly 50 degrees.waitress was crazy busy but nice ordered chicken waffles which was awesome but 22 bucks wtf and gf got club sandwich pricey too. We had a groupon and they charge some weird 2.50 fee idk what its for service was good waited 5 min for condiments like ketchup and dirty plates sat at table for 10 min. Beers are outrageous ten bucks for keg beer nah..get pbr!! 3 bucks in can. Order two it takes forever to get it. U can kinda see bellagio fountains past all advertisement cars and foot traffic.all in all its the strip overpriced.but good food but staff seems overwhelmed.I did like tipping guidelines on receipt for tourists.prices are high.I would return only with a groupon.not worth the $$
1	If I could give it no stars I would. Worst experience ever. We had to wait for over and hour just for someone to take our order and then another 2 hours to get some boring overpriced burgers. So the manager was nice enough to comp us dessert which was great but it was one of their giant Sundays which saying nothing about them because it's all assembly ONLY. The dessert the made on site (chocolate cake) was boring and too sweet. The food life wise. It was such a waste of time and $$$
3	Was ok. Had a Groupon for 30 off dinner. If I didn't have that I wouldn't have gone. Food was ok but wasn't amazing. Id return though got a good deal. I give it a B.
3	Despite the HORRIBLE reviews, I had a perfectly fine experience.  I'll even go back for a cool drink/dessert.  The food was good. We had spinach dip and a sandwich, friend got pizza. We sat at the bar and the service was good. It wasn't great, but it wasn't an issue by any means. The place is busy, most of the time, so bar seating was the only thing available. Again, the drink menu is super fun and the desserts looked awesome. Good, not great, but if you're looking for a cheap, quick meal, stop by.  I'm not understanding people writing that it is overpriced... it is VEGAS.  Their fishbowl drinks are large enough for two people for the entire meal and its only $36. My sandwich was like.. 15? Unless you're going to go to McDonalds, you're not going to find cheaper than that in Vegas. Geez!
4	Had diiner here on a Saturday night.  Atmosphere was great. They had a DJ playing & there was a few bacherolette partys at surrounding tables. Sevice was quick & food was as expected.  They made some stiff cocktails. Will definately go back next time in Vegas!
5	This is my third or fourth time going there, I have to say I like it a lot. menu is goodprices are fairstaff has always been greatlocation location location. This place is so easy to get to, right out on the strip, I love that I don't have to walk 5 miles through a casino to get to it.  Wife had the ribs and she loved them, I had the French dip and it was good also.  Drinks are good, ice tea was great... Overall we stop there on each Vegas trip.LOVE the place
3	Got groupon lunch for $40Ambiance and server were really friendly.(Asian receptionist wasn't though)Food incl. Jambala and club sandwich were ok.If u can take a seat in terrace and enjoy Bellagio fountain show, it would be wicked assuming Mon Ami Gabi is always crowded.Still don't get it why $3 was charged under nfc(wth does it mean?)
3	My husband and I went here because we had a grouoon. While I don't really have any complaints,  I don't have anything fantastic to say about it. If it weren't for the groupon, I would be a little irked that we had to pay so much. However, the food was giid. Not great, goid. I felt that the drinks were very overpriced. $19 for a martini seems a bit much. Service was alright. Mediocre overall.
3	Went here on a whim with friends. We were interested in ordering some dessert and cocktails, but ended up only ordering cocktails. Loved the options on the drink menu and service was good. Their prices aren't that bad either, for the most part....My only complaint was the lame CNF tax they added to the bill, on top of sales tax. I've never seen this before in my life. I asked the server what the CNF tax was and she said it's an extra tax added to checks to help pay the Sugar Factory's rent. What a ridiculous concept. Hey Sugar Factory, if you can't afford to pay your rent, perhaps you should not be in business on the strip. At least include your absurd CNF tax in the price of the drinks, instead of surprising customers when they receive the bill. That way patrons will know what they are getting into prior to entering your establishment. Also, most reputable establishments put disclaimers on their menu regarding extra charges and whatnot. You had nothing mentioned about this anywhere. I won't be returning because of this.
4	Great place!! Great drinks, food and a good atmosphere. Date night type vibe. It's a little pricey tho. And don't fall into buying the $40 goblet drinks. There's dry Ice on the bottom so ur not getting as much drink as u think. The $16 cocktails are just as good and way more affordable.
3	The service is the absolute worse every time I've been here which is nearly a dozen times. I keep coming back though because they do know how to fix a sweet tooth craving!! The red velvet cake shake is to die for. Then again so are the price tags
4	This restaurant is cool! It is open 24/7 and you can eat inside or outside with a great view of the Bellagio fountains either way. We really enjoyed our food! I had the grilled cheese BLT and my husband had the French dip. They both came with fries and were very tasty!! They offer breakfast lunch and dinner and the prices are reasonable especially for being in such a prime spot center strip. They have a wide variety of fun candy and chocolate themed cocktails as well :) They have several options that come in a glass nearly the size of a fishbowl which would be great to share with a group! The table next to us ordered one of the fishbowl drinks and it came with some type of dry ice that made it look like it was smoking and had candy necklaces wrapped around it, very fun!!PROS: Great location, good food, reasonably priced, nice staffCONS: Their specialty drinks are a bit on the pricey side. The fishbowl sized drinks are $36, and the other sugar themed cocktails are $16. There is also a tax added on to your bill of 4.7%, not entirely sure why but it didn't make a huge difference to our bill.TIPS: They have a coupon for $5 off of a $25 purchase in most of the free Vegas magazines and flyers that are all over the strip. Also, you don't need to order one of the specialty cocktails here they have PBR beers for only $3 :)
4	My friends and I were in Vegas for the marathon and were on the hunt for a place to eat that we would all enjoy. We picked a winner with the Sugar Factory, not only was the food awesome, but the service was great.  I ordered and omelet while the hubby had chicken tenders. My friends wanted a souvenir goblet, but the drinks were a little pricey until you looked at the dessert menu and found the root beer float. Overall would definitely return to this place the next time we are in Vegas.
3	I've been here a few times but never for dessert which doesn't make sense since it's SUGAR Factory and dessert is one of my favorite things.  The first few times I've been here, I got steak frites. The most recent visit, I stepped out of my comfort zone to try something else.Steak Frites:NY strip with garlic herb butter and lemon aioli. The thin salty and buttery steak and the crispy fries were quite good especially after a night of clubbing and drinking. 4/5Fried Mac n Cheese:Breaded and fried mac n cheese served with spiced tomato sauce. The sauce tasted sweet to me and the mac n cheese lacked flavor. The crisp breading was light though. 3/5Artichoke and Spinach Dip:Comes with tiny tortilla chips. The texture of the chips was great since they were thin - so they're light and crunchy. The dip was good and thick. 3.5/5Pan-Roasted Salmon:Comes with asparagus and bacon on top. I love salmon but this was just ok. The asparagus spears were wrinkly and salty. Holy sweaty balls! 2/5The interior is nice and you have a nice view of the Bellagio Fountains. The problem is they're pretty inconsistent when it comes to service and using salt. Some nights the steak frites wasn't uber salty, some nights it was. They're open 24/7 so, the best time to go would probably after getting drunk when you're craving something salty. For the quality of food, the price is a bit high...which I have not noticed until my friend pulled out her Groupon.
5	I never really intended on coming here to Eat, But I looked at the Menu they had Displayed outside and I saw something on the Menu that interested me: The Fruit Loop Panna Cotta, so while waiting for my bus to take me to the other side of the Las Vegas Strip I decided to have some Breakfast. I was sat down Immediately, then the waiter came over and I instantly told him what I wanted then 5 to 8 Minutes later the Dish Came Out, (I've never had Cereal and Milk like this before get some nice crunch from the Fruit Loops the Sweet, Smooth and Creamy Custard acts as the Milk and when you dig down to the bottom of the dish you find a little surprise, a Strawberry Gelee, you get a little bit of Tartness from it). This was the only place in Las Vegas that I went to for breakfast and I'm glad that I chose to come here, I'll be sure to check this place out again and maybe get a little Sugar Crazy !!!
1	Went for brunch around 11, the hostess sat the two of us in the bar and we then waited 15 minutes for the waiter to acknowledge us and get our drink order. We both ordered the benedict and it came out fast on a very hot plate, which the runner didn't warn us about, so I burned myself. The food was cold, not enough hollandaise, asparagus was overcooked. I was so disappointed. The waiter never checked on us to see how it was or if we needed anything, which we did, but he proceeded to check on the table behind us 5 times. We finally got our check after flagging him down, grand total of 90 mins for us to get in and out, which is absurd.
4	I know there was a lot of complaints about the food but I thought it was pretty good. I got the buffalo crisp chicken appetizer and it was REALLY good. It wasn't what i was expecting. It was almost like a mozzarella stick but instead of cheese it had shredded buffalo chicken inside, yum! My husband had the blue cheese burger and we spilt his fries. He loved his as well.For dessert I ordered the cookie jar milkshake, no disappointment, it was huge and was the best shake I've ever had. My husband go the peach upside down cake and said its was good but nothing special.Over all the service was very slow but the food was great!
2	The upside of this place is that it is the only place open 24 hours in the Paris Casino and there's a large enough menu for everyone to find something that will generally fit their needs.  Outside of that, prices are high and service slow for meh mainstream food --- so-so burgers and fries, bland pizzas and salad.  There's better options in Paris if they are open.
3	If I didnt have a groupon last week I wouldnt have came here and avoided the strip at all cost. BUT I did have a groupon.  The food was good the service was good the prices we high but a groupon took care of that.  It was packed mostly because it was pouring rain outside. I can think of many other food places in the area that offers even better food for less money. I wouldnt go back to eat here. I would rather eat a dennys if that says anything.  Or even Bucca on Flamingo
3	Food was good. Nothing stunning or special. But service was meh. Granted our server had a table of 20 young adults to cater to, but we waited on drinks too long and check-ins were few in between. One of our orders was messed up but all in all an ok experience.
1	We decided to go last night, Sunday night.  The good - it has a great view of the Bellagio fountains at night.  All the rest - bad.1. specialty drinks were $16 each.  We're not opposed to paying more for drinks that are exceptional and potent.  As a matter of fact we will certainly return to the Cosmopolitan to have drinks - they are expensive, creative, very tasty, and quite  potent.  Here - not so much.  I had a pineapple martini.  It was quite weak.2. service - we ordered our drinks - it took over 10 minutes to get them.  I clearly looked perturbed, the servers response "I'm really busy."  Apparently not busy getting our drinks.3. CNF fee on the bill.  An additional 3.5% to the tab.  I asked the server what it was.  Her reply "it's a franchise fee, I'm just the messenger."  Actually it's not a franchise fee, and you're not really just the messenger.  You're the one I'll be tipping.  Sorry.4. the cookies suck - we each got a cookie in the candy store.  Snickerdoodle and S'mores - they were both very dry, smaller, and lacked taste.  So - for 2 weak drinks + tip + tax + fee = $40.  yep I know - my bad!  Last time we'll be going there.  I'm not looking for walmart prices on the strip - but we don't feel like getting hosed with lousy, overpriced, poor products and services.We thought about going with a groupon - but it wouldn't have made a difference.We'll be passing on Sugar Factory
4	I like this place! I was recently there for lunch. We had a Groupon that was for 40 dollars worth of food for 20 dollars. I admit I probably would not have picked this place otherwise, but since we were staying at Planet Hollywood and it was close we decided to try it out. I was pleasantly surprised. I had the Sugar Factory Burger, which was delicious! I dint usually order cheeseburgers when I go out to eat but the description said it had a white chocolate bun and I was sold. My boyfriend had the BLT and it was on cranberry bread it was delicious! (of course i had to try it lol). Then for desert we shared a Red Velvet milkshake, it had chunks of red velvet cake in it, it was delicious! I would definitely eat here again. Try to get a table by the the strip so you can people watch.
2	We got a white gummy goblet and it was delicious. On the downside is that the goblet looks so huge so four of us split it and it was not enough it had more ice than anything and very overpriced! Loved the waitress tho.
3	Had lunch here earlier today. Say at the bar area. Server/bartender @first seemed a bit rude or not really providing customer service. We ordered the artichoke spinach dip for an appetizer. That was excellent. My husband ordered the club sandwich and I ordered the classic burger. Food was really good. But also you really can't go wrong with a burger n sandwich. Overall rating was because of the lack in service.
3	I came here for a quick lunch and the food was decent. I ordered a BLT and it came with a side of fries.  It wasn't anything spectacular, but the portions were good.  They also have glass goblets that were filled with alcoholic beverages and candy, but with a 36 dollar price tag I decided to pass.  They have an attached candy store that you can buy bulk candy or chocolates and fill them in jars and tumblers.  I'm not sure if I would come back here again, but it's located on a prime spot on the strip that faces the Bellagio fountains.
1	I reviewed this place once before.  I gave it an excellent rating.  It was soooo good we wanted to go back.  We got a groupon and made a date night out of it.It's under new ownership. Half of the things on the menu that used to be there are GONE! The things remaining are changed and they are BAD.I had baked macaroni and cheese (cause I am really a 10 year old trapped in a 40 year old) and it was gooey and creamy and cheesy last time. What I had tonight was not something I'd bother to fight traffic on the strip for.  And hey throwing stale Ritz crackers on top of microwaved Mac and cheese isn't fooling me into thinking its baked! Disgusting.My handsome partner in crime had sliders and the buns were burnt and he had pork sliders(??) anyway they deep fry those and include sauerkraut inside them. More disgustingness.  He couldn't stomach the deep fried bun, I tried it, it's like a bland flavorless donut. Basically this place has diner food with swanky food prices. $18 for a pizza. $22 for meatloaf. $18.00 for a burger. $17.00 for Mac and cheese.  Dessert ranges from $10.00 to $50.00.  The service was not terrific. The bill comes with the math for you.  We left 20% because its Christmas time otherwise we'd have left 10%. And it was an empty Monday night...My advice is, if you've been here before treasure your memories don't go back. If you are thinking about coming here for a first time, keep on thinking and move along! TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY
3	The fam and I were using a Groupon for this place.  I had made a reservation, but it somehow got lost in the system, but they weren't too busy and we were seated right away.  The food was good, I had some pasta, the hubs had a cuban sandwich, and the kiddo had something off the appetizer menu (sliders) since there is no children's menu.For such a large area, there really isn't much space in between the tables, but they do the seating so that you're not bumping chairs with the table behind you (seating sides perpendicular to each other).  Our waitress was nice, different people brought our food by and cleared the table though.  It seems like everything is ordered a la carte, which adds up FAST.  So it was an expensive meal for the three of us.  You do get a coupon for the SugarFactory store on your receipt.  I probably wouldn't have eaten here without the Groupon.
3	Super overrated and super over priced. We were in Vegas for my boyfriend's sister birthday and this was her dinner spot. I can't deny I have been wanting to try the Sugar Factory here in the city, but I was so disappointed. I shouldn't be surprised because my bf kept telling me it was not worth the hype.We all sat down and we were ready to order right away since there aren't many selections in the menu. I was going to try one of those bubbly gassy drinks but stopped myself when I saw it was $36 bucks. My bf and I got pasta plates and everyone else got their infamous drink and dinner. The food was mediocre. It had more chicken than pasta and it looked as if it was frozen food reheated. Everyone complained their drink was 90% ice When the bill got to the table, everyone had an amount over $100. My bf and I just paid about 50 something. *wipes forehead* Saved ourselves 40 something bucks. That made my night.
2	Hubby and I decided to stop here to have a drink and share a dessert after having dinner somewhere else. I have really wanted to try this place for a while, but it was not what I had hoped. I ordered a "Banana Mango Margarita" priced at $16 and it came garnished with a few banana gummies. The drink tasted good and I liked the banana sugar that rimmed the drink, but the banana gummies were so rock hard that they couldn't be eaten. Bummer. Hubby ordered a "Reese's Martini" also priced at $16 and it was rimmed with peanut butter. I tried a couple drinks and thought it looked much better than it tasted. We ordered the "Sugar Factory Fondue" priced at $21.95 and was disappointed. You can choose white, milk or dark chocolate and we decided to go with the milk chocolate fondue. It came with gummy bears, homemade marshmallows, white chocolate bread, brownie bites, strawberries and bananas. The gummy bears were so hard like the banana gummies that we didn't bother with them. The homemade marshmallows and strawberries and bananas were actually good, but the bread and brownie bites were dry and bland. We sat near a window so the Bellagio water show made for a nice view. Our server was nice, but our total including tax was $60.86 and that is just way too much for 2 cocktails and 1 dessert that were nothing special. I came, I tried, I doubt I will be back if I am picking where to eat.
1	First let me just start off by saying, I do not write yelp reviews unless Im extremely disappointed. I've been to Sugar Factory several of times, but this last visit will have been my last. It use to be my favorite restaurant, when I lived in Las Vegas and then also when I was just a visitor from out of town. We got a Groupon $25 for $50, which was a great offer because its very overpriced. We made a reservation for 8:30pm but went over about 8:00pm to see if they could get us in sooner. We went through the entrance from inside Paris and the young kid at the front desk was just so rude. He walked us through to the front host and I noticed there was a table open in the bar area (which is open seating) and he gave us a hard time for that. We stood and waited for 5 minutes for him to talk to the front hostess when anyone could have just walked in and grabbed the table. Once we were seated, it took about 10 minutes to even be approached. The server clearly couldn't handle her section which was not even terribly busy. About 30 minutes after being there we finally got our WATERS. We ordered all of our food at once to help the server out since she looked overwhelmed. We got the food and let me just say, that was the first time Ive ever had such horrible food there! Sugar Factory is constantly changing the menu and its starting to get annoying. I ordered the crispy buffalo which was horrible, i was hoping for the buffalo wings they use to have. I also ordered the bbq chicken pizza which was dry, i had to drench it in ranch. The server didnt come over one time to check on us while we were there, I had to constantly keep asking the busser for the extra things we needed. The server finally stopped at our table when I flagged her down, and even then it took 10 minutes to get our check. She didnt offer us ANYTHING until it was time to pay and give her the tip. Ha.
3	Great atmosphere and design. Love the location because it's right on the strip. The goblet drinks were really good.The food on the other hand could have been way better. Nothing stood out; it was just average.I'd come back again just for the drinks and dessert, but skip dinner!
1	My husband and I had lunch at Sugar Factory Dec. 30 at 11:30am after our plane arrived and we checked in at our hotel.  So it was a perfect time to let our hair down and start the fun.  We usually head to Mon Ami but wanted to try this place.  We asked for a seat out in the patio to people watch.Drink ordered: Goblet gummy bear.  They can be shared.Plates ordered: Salmon with asparagus-fairAnd Bacon Blue Cheese Burger-fairOur server was nice. Here is why they get the 1 star. The burger came with a long hair on the bun.  Our server was very apologetic and immediately returned the plate which was awesome! But never once did the manager approach us to apologize for the lack of detail and unsatisfactory presentation. I'm sure they have a front and back of the restaurant manager, someone could have acknowledged this mistake beside the waitress and honestly comped the burger. It had a hair!   While we waited for the burger we both shared the Salmon.  Maybe a manager didn't feel the need to come out because we had a Groupon.  But really the Groupon was for $20=$40 and that meal was a lot more than that.
4	Love this place! The food is great and the drinks are fun. I am a Vegas local and my gf and I like to frequent this place when were in the mood for a date night.I have tried multiple things on the menu but the French onion soup and New York strip are fantastic! I also get a side of grilled asparagus and it is sooo good! Not only is the food good, but it is just an overall fun atmosphere and I think that's why we end up there a lot of times. The Passion Punch goblet is my favorite, not too sweet, more citrusy. But if you are looking to get a buzz I would recommend getting you're own. When we split one neither one of us feels buzzed at all by the end of it. For the most part we have had great service at the bar or a table. However, we did come across one bartender recently that was rather rude. I won't hold it against him though, we both work in the industry as well and know how tough it can be to put a smile on you're face when you're really just not feeling it that day. Def recommend!
1	So because Britney Spears licked one of their lollipops this place can tax the hell out of people? Everything on the menu is overpriced. We ordered a couple drinks both at $16 each and they were tiny. The fondue we had for dessert came out with very few things for the price and most of it was either dry, had no flavor or was stale tasting. Not worth $60 or purchasing a groupon. OH and I saw pretty Christmas lights of blue and red while here. Cops pulled up right along LV Blvd and their lights suddenly turned the inside of Sugar Factory into a night club. As long as it's an episode of COPS I'm not in we are good. I wanted to start playing "bad boys" from my phone. Once the po's took off the place turned back into what it was supposed to be. Overpriced and boring. On the plus side we were seated by a window where we could see the water show at Bellagio.
3	I have been wanting to try this restaurant ever since I saw it open up on the strip. I purchased the groupon for $25 for $50 (dinner for two) and was excited to use it during my most recent trip. My boyfriend and I arrived on a Monday night after 7pm and were seated right away outside with a view of the strip. It was awesome to see the Bellagio water fountain show while enjoying our meal. It was such a nice ambiance! Our server, Jennifer was really friendly and knew exactly what the groupon was. My boyfriend ordered the Pasta Carbonara (fettuccine with chicken, bacon and peas in a garlic parmesan cream sauce) and I had the Mediterranean pasta (pappardelle with chicken, sun-dried tomatoes, kalamata olives, feta cheese, artichoke hearts and spinach in an olive oil sauce). Both pastas were just okay - good portion sizes, and I found my pasta pretty salty and spicy (which wasn't described in the menu). We shared a side of garlic bread and my boyfriend had a house margarita - also just okay. We were thinking that we would be just a little bit over $50 with our total bill, however with gratuity, taxes and the CNF fee we ended up paying $23 out of pocket. For the experience of eating with a view of the strip, I'm glad that we ate here, however, everything was pretty average and I feel like it's a little too expensive for what you get.
1	I don't even have a fork!!!!  It was between courses and I started to yelp about just how down hill this place has gone when I looked up to see - they hadn't even given me a fork when they brought my entree.  OMG - terrible service, horrendous food, they were out of nitrogen for the special drinks they gave us a nitrogen drink menu for, out of garnish for the specialty drink I ordered, they were out of meatballs for the meatball pasta they offered my husband, the drinks finally arrived after the meal - our neighbors were incredibly disappointed too.  I used to love this place!!!   What the hell happened?   Such a disappointment.
1	Beware Tourist Trap !  5th time in Vegas and this place so far has been the worst experience in service & food quality! 1st star off: Unatentive "Pretty Princess" Waitress ( other reviewers seemed to have problems with the staff ), the "busboy" had a better attitude and was 10 times more attentive than her. 2nd star off: Do yourself a favor and save your money and don't order any of their "signature" 30+ dollars drink ( the daiquiries that they sell on every corner of any hotels are tastier and stronger ) We order the Passion Something & the Blue Something with gummy sharks in it... Such big disappointments !And now The Worst Food Experience In Vegas: 3rd star off: We were 5 of us (4 adults & a 3 years old) SURPRISE ! A place called The Sugar Factory does not have a Children's menu! Ok, order the  Chicken Fingers from the appetizer menu $11. Oh... they don't come with French Fries that's an extra $5 4th star off: The rest: bland food, cold food and just extremely bad quality food. The Ribeye was cooked properly but lack any seasonings ( no salt or pepper) the golden Yukon mashed potatoes could have come from an Idaho brand instant powder mashed potatoes packets and was just extremely cold.A $22 Alfredo Pasta with Chicken that a Chillis wouldn't even dare to serve you. Bland and soggy pasta, the chicken under cooked and still seemed to be frozen inside.$17 Pasta Carbonara that tasted only of heavy cream and nothing else ( barely you could taste the bacon on it ) The $22 Chicken and Waffles...  The $9.95 one from IHOP taste like one that Michael Mina or Joel Robuchon would make compare to that piece of garbage!Terrible just a big Terrible Experience stay away from this place at all cost
1	Expensive, glorified bar food and crappy server. The view was great though, right across the Bellagio fountains. Be fair warned, food is mediocre. They need to really fix this place up. How disappointing.
2	Called and made a reservation in advance, but when we got there we were seated in the back room.  We had expected to have a view of the Bellagio fountains.  Food wise- I ordered the chinese chicken salad and it was pretty good, worth what I paid.  However, my friends cucumber cocktail was mediocre and very pricey, my Riesling was decent, but served in a dirty wine glass. The service was mediocre at best.  Took a long time to get drinks, when I went to the bathroom I was rudely asked if I needed help, as if I wasnt paying to be there.  I wasnt happy with it overall, the sivlerwear and my glasswear was dirty, the service was mediocre, food was alright, and making a reservation didnt even get us a decent view of the fountains? With the view I likely would've rated it 3/5 stars.  Just wasnt worth getting over to the strip to eat here.
3	Hamburgers and Onion Rings - the bomb.  They are good.  Service - can't say much for that.  First time, service was not good at all.  Second visit, service was better, but they messed up our orders.  Tortillas soup - 10.00 - very brothy, not much else in it.  Perfect place for burgers and onion rings.
3	Visited Sugar Factory for my best friends birthday, we were soo excited as this place has become very.popular for social gatherings such as this. The ambiance was awesome, great vibe, very upbeat and super packed. Those are my 3 stars, besides that I was kind of disappointed. One, we made reservations, but we're led to this back area away from the fun. O! Did I mention their is an additional cost to sit in this area that we did not request? Um yea. The food was decent. Nothing more nothing less. I had a BLT to much.cheese (yes there is such a thing lol) the drinks were fun! Big $40 goblets of fun lol. I.think since I'm a local I find overpriced items like this ridiculous! Overall we had a decent nite! If I was visiting Las Vegas, yes I would try this place out. As long.as you stay in the front were all the action is! As a local not great enough.to deal with strip.traffic etc!
4	I really liked the atmosphere of this restaurant. It was right on the strip and you could watch the fountains of the bellagio. We had the spinach and artichoke dip and the chicken and Waffles. The spinach and artichoke dip was average. The chicken and Waffles were decent my husband liked them better. We had Waffles with an apple pie filling on top with ice cream it was delicious! In my opinion you come here for the desserts and drinks! The four stars are based on the dessert alone mainly!
4	Definitely get the chicken and bacon waffles, it's amazing. The granola crusted French toast, the mimosa and bloody Mary were just as amazing. Eat here, not terribly expensive, especially for the strip, but really good. Much better than places that charge way more, under the "guise" of gourmet food.
4	I took my family of 14 here while we were all in town on vacation. I LOVE the atmosphere and the cocktails are amazing! I had reserved a table online several months in advance and everything was ready for us once we arrived. We were all seated and served promptly. The service was excellent, I tipped 30% over the added gratuity as they just did that good of a job taking care of everyone.Would have been 4 stars had the food matched the amazing atmosphere and cocktails. We were all underwhelmed by the food, but will definitely be back again and again - even if it's just for cocktails!
3	I went here with friends for brunch on a Saturday.  We arrived around noon and had to wait over an hour for a table.  It was completely packed.  I would recommend a reservation or calling ahead if you are interested in eating in a timely fashion.  Their menu is pretty small with traditional treats.  You can find a basic eggs plate along with burgers and sandwiches.  The service is on the slow side.  I realize they were packed, but I would think they are packed regularly so their timeliness should be a little better.I would skip the restaurant and just enjoy the treats at the bar.
2	This is probably one of the best examples of strip pricing for mediocre food. While nothing we had was flat out bad, it wasn't really anywhere close to great.We basically went here because we tried the Groupon deal. But even with a 25 for 50 coupon, we ended up with an extra 30 dollars with tip to pay. And we didn't even have two entrees. The server made very sure that we would tip the full amount by circling clearly the tip chart and the total bill. Honestly the service wasn't that good. I could see our server in the reflection of a door just hanging out back in the kitchen while our water glasses were empty. But thanks, very tasteful.Their 16 dollar drinks, while somewhat unique and flavorful, were overly sweet and syrup-y. Well we knew it was Sugar Factory, but still, things should taste good at least.The ten dollar French Onion soup was ok, though it still a little bland. And the Jambalaya had a nice kick to it, but it wasn't anything to write home about. I wasn't a huge fan of the way I was treated as a customer either - they initially wanted to stick us in a very awkward two person table that was wedged the wrong way between two other tables. There's no way anyone would want to sit there, but they did allow us to choose a better table.
1	I used to like this place, and now I HATE this place! I would rather be starved instead of going back!I came here a year ago and the experience was good. This year I came again and it's totally worse than last year. The service was lacking. First of all, we made a reservation through Open Table, and we were very sure it's made because at first, the hostess was able to see it and be able to say my husband's name correctly. So after we got seated down, we notice that the points weren't added to our open table account yet, so my husband asked the hostess about it to see if they have checked us in. But then at that point the hostess said he didn't make any reservation, I guess they deleted it after we got seated, as we couldn't even see the record on our open table account either. The record was there before we got seated, and then disappeared after we were seated. So we didn't get to have out points on open table and it's definitely their fault, not ours.At the end, when we got our check, we forgot to show them the Total Reward card to get the 10% discount, and my credit card has been swiped but I haven't signed yet. So we asked if they can redo the bill for us. They said no because the credit card has been swiped. I got too upset that i didn't argue with them and just paid them and decided not going back. I know that it's not final as long as I don't sign the receipt, they could have voided the one that I haven't signed, and redo the bill with my total reward discount. I know other restaurants would do that as that happened to me in the past. They just needed to void the charge on my card especially I haven't signed. I still give them 15% tip at the end though I am totally dissatisfied with their laziness and wrong doing (including messing up our open table reservation). They don't deserve tip but I gave 15% anyway, as this is the last time they would see me setting foot at this particular restaurant.I want to note that the service at the one in Town Square is way way way better than this one in Paris Hotel. The Town Square doesn't offer Total Reward discount (of course as it's not in the casino) but their price is lower than the one in paris hotel. Unless you really really really want to look at Bellagio Fountain while eating, otherwise, there is no point to eat at this one at Paris Hotel. You don't really see much of the Bellagio Fountain anyway if you are not sitting at the outside patio.I am not going back to this Sugar Factory in Paris Hotel ever again. I think it's either the employees lacking training, or the management of this particular one is not doing their job well in training their staff, or maybe the management didn't treat the employees well making them staff not doing their job well. If you want to ask me about the food, the food is better at the one in Town Square as well. I always like their red velvet sundae but this time they have changed it to something that tasted so nasty in SF Paris Hotel. While the red velvet sundae at the one in Town Square is still good. I visited both within the same week, so the comparison is a fair one. And yes, I had red velvet sundae twice within the same week but at different location. The one in Town Square is much better than the one in paris hotel!!!!!! At the one in Town Square, the server and hostess are way better, they didn't mess up our open table reservation, greeted us nicely, always have smiley face. The staff (including the management, not just the staff on the floor) at SF Sugar Factory requires a lot of improvement.
1	I came here for my brother's 21st birthday and while I made a reservation, I had to really fight to get sat on time. After we got sat I told the server it was his birthday and he flat out refused to sing happy birthday. The manager was so rude as well. Just being extremely hostile the whole time. Every time I come here it's a terrible experience. I'm never coming back.
3	I love this place..don't know if its the ambience or the frosty drinks or what. We came for an ice cream sundae but left eating dinner and no dessert. It is a little pricey, but it has something for everyone.The basil tomato garlic with chicken was pretty good with a little spicy kick. We also had the BBQ chicken pizza which was delish as expected.Good for groups that have touchy needs, be ready to spend your winnings though.
3	Food and drinks where good but not great and definitely not memorable. ... The best thing about this place is if you get a seat where you are able to view the Bellagio fountains while you eat. For the $$ you'll spend you are better off finding somewhere.
1	Drinks are nostalgic and fun. But expensive.  But they charged a cmf fee that irritated me. If you want to charge more for a drink put the price on the menu.
2	This place is overrated. My burger was gross because it had a white chocolate bun. Probably my fault for ordering it but I figured since it was still on the menu and the place is crowded, everything on here is probably good. Um WRONG!Their seats were so uncomfortable, seats that you'd find at a hold in the wall place. I had a view of their patio that was under construction. Their prices were ridiculous for what they had to offer. I think I'll pass on this place from future visits to the strip.
2	Only giving 2 stars because service was terrible. The waitress had the most horrible attitude. Didn't smile, didn't come back to our table to find out of there were any needs. My friend called her to refill her coffee and she did which such and attitude, filling it to the top almost spilling over. The next thing she brings an egg dish almost 10 mins before the rest of the table was served, so my friend is just sitting there wondering if she can should eat or wait for us but risk that her dish gets cold. Never again! I love to tip my waiting staff accordingly but this chic didn't even deserve a quarter. The bill was $56 for breakfast, you would think they suggest their staff to be a little more cordial. Good food, nice decor, horrific service.
2	The food is good, portions are small, but the service is horrible. First time I came the full menu was not available because they had no cook. This time they held my card as hostage cause my friends Wells Fargo card was not working since the Wells Fargo system was down. They refused to take a hard copy and charge them later so they held my entire group for over 30 minutes!! We demanded a manager and he or she could not be found. I am done with this place and their terrible customer service.
4	My friend went in for just drinks, and I must say, if you're in Vegas you've got to try one (or two...or three) of the candy goblets. We had the green lollipop goblet and it tasted like some candy, juicy elixir. Don't waste money eating lunch here. Instead, grab a quick bite and splurge on drinks and then candy in the gift shop.
2	Poor hostess reception. Very slow seating when place nearly empty. Breakfast was ok but no offer to refill coffee cup.
4	Despite all the hate on the reviews, we had quite a lovely experience. The food was good and we were starving also. I ordered the farmers scramble and friend ordered the jambalaya pasta. She loved her pasta and i snuck a few bites here and there and found it quite appetizing. My omelette was filled with a good amount of veggies and chicken I ordered in it. They were pretty generous with the chicken in both the dishes which is pretty rare. The cinnamon toast on the side was pretty dry but everything else satisfied our hunger. P.s: you cant beat the porch view overseeing the Bellagio fountains and the wonderful weather in early Jan.
1	Yes, there's a lot of candy.  Great.  The drinks are pretty cool.  Good job.  But this is Las Vegas and I'm hungover and all I want are some freaking eggs.  Who stops serving breakfast at 11!?!  This is unforgivable.
4	Food was great. Service not superb.  Waitress didn't seem like she wanted to be there.  Place was busy but wouldn't expect anything less on a Saturday afternoon.  we were told the wait was 20 Mins. But ended up being 10 so that was great. Loved my burger. Bun was made from white chocolate.  Delicious.  Sit on the patio and you can view the water show from Bellagio and people watch.
5	5 stars for their drinks only since i have not tried any of their food.Their Goblets (the big round bowls) start off at $29. Presentation was nice, they set up everything right in front of you! The bubbles, the smoke, the sweet candies! The girls and i tried 3 different kinds of drinks they had and we ended up getting pretty buzzed by the end of the bowl! I guess it was worth it lol.
4	Great place and high energy. Walked up to the bar and was taken car of right away. Only had the French dip to eat but it was really good. The quality of the meet, cheese and bread was spot on. The decor of the dining room is beautiful and I would def bring a date here. Over great experience!
5	The Sugar Factory Signature Burger is to die for. It has a white chocolate bun and the cheese and onion rings all melt together and you'll be sure you've died & gone to heaven in the city of sin. Make sure to get reservations, it gets really busy at times. It's great for big parties. Dessert is amazing as well, but be sure to share.
4	Delicious. The double grilled cheese blt was awesome. The sliders were very good too. Great little place to have lunch outside on the strip. They also have a great dessert menu if you leave room.
2	We just returned from a bachelor/bachelorette party in Vegas (that I hosted). Sugar Factory was on our list due to requests. The drinks were amazing as always - the food this time was really bad, though. I ordered the skirt steak w/ fries. The skirt steak was not skirt steak - it was at best a sirloin and completely tasteless. The fries were COLD - not lukewarm but COLD. Two others had fries, just as cold as mine! We had two people order dishes with basil - there was no basil; just a substitute of some other greens (tasteless). Our waiter however, was fabulous! It wasn't his fault the food was awful - he gave great service and got a huge tip. This place should stick to drinks and candy - food isn't their thing at all!
2	I came here for my girlfriend's Bday dinner. It was just not up to expectations. Our party of 8 wasnt all there, but they seemed to want to keep us at the bar. Finally after 20 minutes, they finally gave in and let the 5 of us sit down since our other few weren't eating. I found this sort of annoying as the bar was pretty full (we were all in heels) and we asked to be seated a few times... But OOHH well. Server: Our server was pretty darn occupied with the hostesses. I am in the industry, so I understand how this works. But COMMONNN pay attention to us!! The people in our party had to go up to the bar after we were seated because he was so busy trying to meet the ladies!! Food Quality: Mine was decent. I had the filet. I felt the mashed potatoes were missing something, they were dying for truffle or something savory. My steak was a little over cooked. Issue: A girl at our table's steak was WAY undercooked. Our server didnt come around for awhile, so she watched us eat. They re-cooked the same steak to re-cook it. I think this is NASTY. I would expect this at an Applebees, but not here. EW! Dont but a steak that was on a persons germy fork back on the grill!!Prices: For the food quality... You must be joking! There are much much better places to eat for the same price. Drink Prices: $16-$40 for their drinks. Pretty pricey, but they are tasty. I dont think they are very strong, we had two BIG ones and we were still sober afterwards... $80 for two. They also didnt do ANYTHING for her Bday!! It was a little awkward. I wasn't expecting a song or dance, but a free shot or a comped dessert would have gone a LONG way. Each person in our party left with a $60+ tab. I probably wouldnt go back, its just too pricey for the quality in my opinion. I really wouldnt want to repeat that. I did meet a super nice club promoter for the club next door. He really hooked my group of friends up, you can message me for his info if you need it. He really saved the night since dinner was kinda Blah.
1	Service from Jessica was terrific!!!  She made the visit worth it.   She made suggestions, knew the menu backwards and forward.  However the food was truly no bueno.   Not up to par and very pricy.  Overrated Vegas strip crap.
2	Ah man, Sugar Factory - what happened to you?You were a great place to take friends when they're in town. The whole dry ice candied drinks was an awesome idea, then you ditch the happy hour menu. Then the last three times I went, there was barely any alcohol in it. If you're going to charge $36 for a single drink, at least put some alcohol in it. And let's not even start about that, what do you call it, a ~10% CNF Fee? That's just downright shady and I'm shocked that only a few people on here noticed it. But I'll give you 2 stars - the burger was pretty good... albeit after tax, tip, CNF fee and drinks we are talking about a $50 burger lol!
3	Date & Time:  Wednesday January 15, 2014 @ 10pmLocation:  Paris Dining Companion:  Mommy &  HusbandScene:  Couples & Groups in Slinky Tops, Jeans + Nude HeelsDecor:  Chic French Brasserie w/ Leather Banquettes & Checkered FloorsService:  Nice & EfficientImbibe:  Frozen Hot ChocolateMediocre:  Cupcakes, Chocolate Cake, Carrot CakeTotal:  $73
3	This place is cool.  It's fun, it's found a niche thanks to the help of damn lollipops they sell ha.  This palce is perfect for Las Vegas...it's fun to get a cool, different tasty drank at the bar.It was hard to get in, it was packed, as is a lot of touristy places are on the strip.  We got two seats at the bar and ordered one of those big chalice drinks. Between the too of us we got a huge sugar high and little buzz.   We had our own twisty lollipop to go with it..our mouth was turned a rainbow of colors but left smiling.
4	I went here for Brunch during Super Bowl weekend. We got there at 11am and were seated right away. There are lots of yummy options on the menu. I went with the pizza which I did not expect to be so delicious. My boyfriend got the Cuban which he said was just okay. His sister got a philly cheese-steak which looked awesome. The fries were pretty good. The main event was the drink we got which was the "White Gummy Goblet." They bring it out in this huge goblet with gummy bears in it and it looks as if it is smoking like a cauldron because they put dry ice in it. The drink was sweet but not to the point that it would make you feel bad like most sugary alcoholic drinks. However, the drink was $36 and that is what cost this place their final star. I'm not gonna lie, I will be going here next time I am in Vegas though and WILL get the $36 drink lol because it was that good.
4	By far one of the coolest menus I've seen in awhile! Love this place, love the crapes, love the atmosphere and love the presentation!
4	good food, good drinks, unique sweets, but expensive, long waits, and poor service.Come here expecting a cool, fun place with a decent bar. Get some cocktails *they lack alcohol, so don't come here expecting to leave trashed* and get a dessert or an entree. Walk around the inside of the Sugar Factory and try some of the sweets.
5	The food was amazing! I got the veggie burger and it was the best veggie burger I've ever had. I definitely recommend the tater tots. I got the ocean blue goblet and it was delicious plus it was very cool that smoke poured out of it. The weather was nice so we ate outside and had a great view of the Bellagio fountain show. I will definitely eat here again before the trip is over.
4	The sweet food is soooo good, but expensive. The sweet pizzas and crepes are to die for. The only things I don't like about this place are 1) it is extremely loud (you have to nearly scream across the table in order to hear your table mates and 2) the tables are so close together, you feel as if you are sitting with strangers. However, this is the norm for many popular restaurants on the strip.
2	The food is typical Cheesecake Factory stuff, tasted ok but more expensive.  My burger was overdone by a long shot but ok. The drinks are where they really get you. VERY expensive ($18 mixed drinks, $10 Coronas, etc.). If you happen to get a seat out on the patio, then eating here can be justified because it has a nice view of the Bellagio fountains and the great action on the strip, but otherwise you're just eating at a more expensive, more crowded Cheesecake Factory.
1	Horrible. Service is slow, drinks don't come close to the pic and food takes a long time.
3	I ate lunch here with some girlfriends on a Sunday. We waited about half an hour to get a table for a party of five, which was to be expected. They do take reservations but need at least two hours beforeThe food was ok. We split the white gummy goblet, which was really sweet. It was a cool concept, but I'm not sure whether it was worth the $30-something. I had the Sugar Factory burger, which was different. According to the waiter, it is served on a Hawaiian roll bun that has white chocolate in its ingredients.The service was horrible, which is why I took off two stars. First, I'm not sure our server grasped the concept of better service tends to mean better tips. We just asked for an extra plate and ketchup. After ten minutes, I got some ketchup from the bar. He never refilled our water cups even though we asked him to. Verdict: Don't come here expecting good service - plan for some extra time between this meal and your next stop. It's an interesting experience. Worst case, you can always grab a "quick" drink.
2	went with my daughter and her husband for a birthday dinner...we had 2 of the special goblet drinks...they were good but pricey...son in law had a beer $10  yikes!   Chicken and waffles were great....we also had a salad and a pasta dish...both were good.   What really annoyed me was the 5% surcharge that Ceasars adds on to the check.  The food and drinks were pricey enough...but you gotta gouge me for a few more dollars???  wont go back to this location
5	Best food, drinks and service. A must go to place. Ask for Mat he is the icing on the cake.
1	If you want a place with rude waitresses and hostesses then this place is definitely for you. We had a reservation for a 21st birthday party at 8:30, the table wasn't ready, they wouldn't sit the group until everyone arrived. After waiting for over an hour we had to skip dinner or risk losing the plans for the rest of the night. Bottom line, the food is alright, the drinks are overpriced but good, but the customer service is enough to ruin the experience. Disappointing to say the least.
3	Came here on a Saturday night, it was unbelievably crowded. While the food was good, it was nothing too amazing. We also got one of those massive goblet drinks that has 10 shots!  They were very forgiving on the reservation which was nice though because we had to move our reservation back an hour. Overall, it was a good restaurant but they are definitely known for there desserts more then that regular meals.
1	The short: Good dessert, convenience fee of about 5%, way overpriced!The long: Myself and another guest approached the host stand and declared we were there for dessert (at approximately 10pm). The hostess needed to ensure that we were both ordering dessert. I stated "maybe" and they seemed hesitant to seat us. We felt pressured to each get a dessert so we did. I had the smore's crepe with ice cream (14 dollars for the crepe and 3 for ice cream). The scoop of ice cream was about half the size of something you would get at Baskin Robbins. Dessert comes and it was good. The bill came and there was a 5% convenience fee. Basically a tax that is unavoidable. I have never seen this at a restaurant before. As a result I will not be returning. Do yourself a favor and enjoy the more reasonable/friendly Max Brenner's.
4	The hubby and I stopped in for a quick appetizer mostly because I liked the location and the patio seating on the strip. We ordered the large fishbowl drink with the gummy worms in it ( I can't remember the name) as our very awesome, friendly server recommended. It was really yummy and came with dry ice which was really cool. People on the strip were even stopping to look at it and ask us about it! For appetizers we ordered the crispy pork sliders and the spinach artichoke dip. The pork sliders were so good and different than I had expected. They seemed like little Hawaiian rolls that were stuffed and completely enclosed with the pulled pork, then fried and topped with this slaw that was also really excellent. I'm not really a slaw kind of person, but this one had me sold. The spinach artichoke dip however was lukewarm and tasted like something from Chili's that was reheated in the microwave. I wouldn't recommend it. But the sliders and drink was great, and our server was very knowledgable and friendly. Overall great experience. I'm sure we'll be back next time for some more buns!
3	Fried Mac and cheese was average and the dipping sauce was reminiscent of watery ketchup. Asparagus could have used seasoning. My boyfriend got the ribs and said the sweet chili flavor was a little too overpowering. Everyone at my table was pleased with the chicken and waffles, however. Drinks are pretty pricey. Love the attached candy shop though.
5	The Sugar Factory is a great place to get a totally crazy different drink than anywhere else. Are they expensive? Yes!! Of course they are expensive they have prime rel estate on the strip it's a tourist trap but a yummy one at that. Goblets are a must and my husband and I had the fondue for 2 we picked white chocolate it came with some weird bread, marshmallows, brownies, bananas, strawberries, rice krispy treats, and gummy bears it was extremely Delicious we had the white goblet which was too sweet for my taste and very peachy we also did the rootbeer float with rootbeer vodka and OMG it was amazing. You come for the experience and desserts which is what their biggest target market is. Definitely worth the trip.
1	We waited only ten minutes or so...not terrible. But then came the wait, you know that wait, when the service stinks, the waitress stinks, and nobody wants to meet your gaze because they're either understaffed or the waitress should finally move on to a job she can handle.Having a good time in Vegas and want to keep the buzz going? Run, don't walk, RUN the other way, this place sucks.
1	Stop here for breakfast. The food was awful and the service was horrible... we waited about 25 minutes for the server to come to the table and on top of that she was not friendly at all she took our order and did not see her again until she bought us our check. I will not be coming here again.
2	I had the SUGAR FACTORY for breakfast on my most recent visit to Sin City. I was in a hurry and ordered a simple dish - scrambled eggs, bacon and wheat toast. None of it was very good. The bacon was thin and rubbery, the potatoes had no flavor, and everything was pricy. With so many great options nearby, I wouldn't return.2 stars.
3	Bought a $40 Groupon for $20 before our trip to Las Vegas. Inside dining is bland but the outdoor seating is wonderful mainly because of its location across from the Bellagio fountains. My wife ordered $17 Sugar Factory Club sandwich with fries and I ordered a small Sugar Factory salad $6 and French Onion soup $10. We both ordered PBR's $3 each (I like PBR, don't judge). Food was good, sandwich was large and could easily be shared for lunch. Salad and soup was the right size, I ate it all. So all is good right? No, service was awful! Waiter plopped down two cans of beer with no glasses and didn't even ask (maybe because PBR's?). He was less than interested when we arrived, cared less when we were there and unapologetic when he entered the wrong order for my wife as she asked for wheat instead of white bread causing me to almost finish eating before hers arrived. Food/location Good, Service bad! Given the right conditions I MIGHT try The Sugar Factory again. By ScottyVegas.com
4	Nutella Crepes at 3am... it never fails! The crepes have little crispy/crunchy things (kind of like a rice krispies) that add the perfect texture to the crepes! They have great drinks that will definitely give you a sugar high! I like sitting outside and people watching while the fountain show of the bellagio is going off! They also have pretty good sandwiches and pizza surprisingly. They aren't anything TOO extravagant but they definitely balance all of the sugar specials they have!
4	The service is good, the food is good the drinks are good but honestly this place is over-priced. You definitely get a good buzz when you leave but for 36 bucks a drink it's hard to justify it
4	This is one of those instances that I wish half stars were available as I don't know that Sugar Factory quite deserves four stars but I think it's better than three stars.I've been here twice now on separate Vegas trips. My first visit was for brunch about a year and a half ago but I seem to have skipped the review that time. From what I can recall, the meal was good.I returned to the Sugar Factory for dinner on Friday night. My boyfriend and I were in Vegas for the weekend for a friend's birthday and we began our trip with a meal here. After finding out that there was a 30 minute wait for a table, we decided to keep our seats at the bar and order from there. The menu is quite extensive but the baked mac and cheese caught my eye. I love homemade mac and cheese (not Kraft) and I was hopeful that this dish would satisfy my carb craving. Plus, we had just driven six hours in the rain from San Diego and nothing sounds better on a rainy day than something hot from the oven. Thankfully, the dish's flavor did not disappoint. I dug into the edge of the bowl and everything was hot and delicious. But my boyfriend took a bite out of the middle and found that it was just lukewarm. He got the bartender's attention and she quickly took it back to the kitchen and brought us a fresh, piping hot mac and cheese within minutes. My only complaint is that $17 seems a little ridiculous for pasta and cheese, even in Vegas. We also upgraded to include two slices of garlic bread for $3 extra but I didn't think the bread was that good or very garlicky. We also got a couple drinks, a beer and a pink moscato, which were both $8. The moscato was perfectly sweet and bubbly!
2	My friend and I were walking the Strip waiting for lunch spots to open... and the candy store caught our eye so we browsed a little. Then we realized it was time for a drink. Sugar Factory American Brasserie is located right next to the candy shop... well played... well played.Drink menu consists of candy-themed cocktails. I'm not really a fan of a sugar overload when it comes to intoxicating myself so I asked our waiter for the least sweetest thing on the menu and then asked him to make it even less sweet. It was good, and the theme is cute........... but $18 for a cocktail. Not worth it.
4	Came here with my friend after eating at Grand Lux Cafe. It was late night and we wanted some desserts and alcohol. We got the Banana Split Waffles and each got a glass of wine. I'm not going to complain about the price because I live in Vegas and know that when you're on the strip... you should expect higher price. Overall I would say that I liked the Banana Split Waffles. There was a lot of chocolate with waffles though. If I ever decide to go back, I will ask for no chocolate syrup with waffles. Bananas were caramelized and there strawberries were sweet. The dessert went perfect with our wine. I was probably there for about 45 mins to 1 hour. I saw my waiter about twice I would say. The service was ok overall. They don't really give you much attention unless you call for them. The environment was really nice. We sat near the outside area. You can see the Bellagio show across the street. Since we went around midnight in January, the weather was perfect. I would say I had an overall great experience or at least that's how I remember it (the alcohol helped! :D). There is a parking garage here like most casinos.
3	My husband and I had lunch here yesterday.   I had the Reese's martini and he had a Bloody Mary. My martini was pretty delicious and tasted like a dessert. For lunch I had the Chinese chicken salad. This was very average and overall pretty bland. The portion was large, but I was just very unimpressed. The salad had mandarin oranges, chicken, wontons and carrots. I wouldn't recommend. My husband had the chicken and waffles. He said they were pretty good. The portion size was huge.
5	One of my favorite places to eat! The food is delicious, and their Raspberry Chocolate milkshake is amazing! The location is perfect, especially when the weather is nice and you're sitting on the patio watching the Bellagio fountains across the street. You gotta check it out!
2	We desperately wanted breakfast on a Sunday morning. We were looking for a patio venue & this was the only spot available. The wait was quoted 45 minutes but only ended up being about 25. We wasted some time & got ice cream floats (which were amazing) in the candy shop while we waited for our table. They seated us inside even though we specifically asked for the patio. We politely told the hostess & they quickly moved us outside. However, they're seemed to be some major drama/miscommunication at the hostess stand. I had the chicken and waffles & it wasn't good. The chicken was chewy & the waffle was just ok. I definitely wouldn't recommend the restaurant itself or go back. But, the candy store is great! It's overpriced but it is Vegas.
1	I went to the Sugar Factory located at Town Square and it was the worst experience I have ever had. I went there for my birthday and  we had a group of 16 people, which is understandably a lot for 1 waiter, however, our waiter took our orders at 8:30 and our food did not get there until 10:30pm and our waiter was very rude and even raised his voice at my party when they were ordering. After speaking with the manager we were properly compensated for the inconvenience, but I had a large number of plans for my birthday and the wait was absolutely unacceptable we had to rush eating so we could make our reservation at Blue Martini. I have never been treated like that before and I do not believe I will be going back.
3	I have given this place two attempts. The first time I should have just learned my lesson. They make pretty fruity drinks that taste like candy, but a half filled martini will cost you $16. I paid less EVERYWHERE ELSE. Also, the goblets they have are deceitful... as they are $40 in a logo glass but you cant keep the glass. BUT if you go to the sugar factory bar in Planet Hollywood, you CAN keep the goblet. Hmmm! Eating dessert is the ONLY reason to come here. It looks really alluring on the outside, but the pretty 20-something girls they hire are typically not too into having a job... mostly just talking at the front. The food is overall pretty flavorless and the service is absolutely awful, so if you are on any sort of time crunch, go elsewhere. The view from the patio (Ballagio water show), and the Froot Loop Pannacotta are what earned this place its 3rd star. That pannacotta is legendairy... see what I did there? They use froot loop infused milk to make it! Yum!But seriously. If you are looking for a place to have breakfast lunch or dinner... go elsewhere.  If its 3am and you just left The Bank? Come here! You wont taste it anyway.
3	Food was good, cocktails were yummy but the service was horrible and we went at 1pm so no excuse that it was busy. I believe it's over priced but for a one time gotta try kind of place it's worth the extra for the cocktails.
3	Very pricey, I paid $40 for half a goblet cocktail, chicken tenders and fries. They charged a Paris resort fee of $9 for our table. The chicken tenders were bland but the tropical punch was very tasty, not too sweet. Excellent service was a plus
5	First time here!!! And even though I was unable to get a drink I still loved the food. My two girlfriends got drinks and they were very interesting one looked like a strawberry smoothie and the other was a yellow drink with banana chewy candy. Other than that the food was good. I got a salad with shrimp. The salad leaves where very fresh and covered with the right amount of dressing. My other friends got a burger and the other got a club sandwich with fries. Everything was delicious and filling, just what we needed before going out on the town that night.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. Food was decent, but definitely over-priced. Didn't have any drinks, which seems to be the main appeal here. Dessert however was impressive; they make a mean panna cotta. The restaurant itself is very nice looking, it's pretty spacious and spread out with fancy black chandeliers and such to make it look very up-scale. Yet at the same time it seems to attract a very...different type of clientele! People who are looking to drink entire punch bowls of alcohol, to be exact. I mean, it's Vegas and everyone wants to get wasted, I get that. But what I don't understand about this place is how they can charge $40 for a drink and you don't even get to keep those gigantic goblets? That seems ridiculous to me.Anyway, as for the food, it was average but nothing too special. Our group of ladies came right around brunch time so a couple of us got breakfast and others got lunch. Another girl and I ordered the carbonara, two girls ordered pretty basic looking $13 omlettes and another had a "classic" $15 burger with decent fries.Everything was alright but one strange thing was that the two carbonara dishes we received looked totally different. The one I got seemed to be a bigger portion than the other and the top was covered with green peas while the other dish didn't have much green on it at all. I'm definitely a stickler for consistency and when our friend mentioned this discrepancy to the waitress, she just brushed it off with a "Oh, well yours is just tossed". That didn't really explain the size difference but clearly she didn't want to deal with us. Customer service here is obviously not their forte.While my dish did look better, it needed more salt/pepper since it was pretty bland. I ended up doctoring it myself to make it more palatable. For a $17 pasta dish though, it should have been better than it was. I will never understand how people can charge so much for probably one of the cheapest foods there is. C'est Las Vegas though, I guess! The fruit loop panna cotta was a redeeming dish, it had a great flavor and consistency but I still don't think I would return in the future. There are just so many other worthy restaurants in Vegas, even Mon Ami Gabi right next door would be a better choice in my opinion.And if you just really want those drinks, go into the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile. There's a counter that serves the Sugar Factory goblet drinks AND you get to keep the glass!!!Why you would ever come to the restaurant is beyond me...maybe people just want to sit on the same seats where celebrity asses have been? Meh.
3	We went here mostly out of convienience on our last day in Vegas. We were staying at the Paris so we went to the entrance that is attached to the casino. After standing at the hostess stand for several minutes a couple exited that way and said we needed to go to the front (street) entrance. I have no clue as to why they didn't have a sign stating this. Once we were sat (there was no wait, it was 10am on a Friday) our accomodations to be close to a TV and to change the station to the Gator game were met. Everyone was quite friendly.I got the Sugar Factory Eggs Benedict which had scalloped potatoes in lieu of th english muffin. It was really good. I also had a mimosa and that was good as well. Some girls at the bar split the very large sundae with their giant drinks and it all looked awesome. I would return here if staying at Paris.
1	Why this place is so busy and popular is beyond me. I guess people come for the wacky breakfasts and the huge cocktails but I hated my experience there.After being told it would be a 2 hour wait at Gordon Ramsay's Burgr, we went to Sugar Factory because we were so hungry, we couldn't wait any longer. So, after a 20 minute wait, the 4 of us got seated at a tiny table (and they're all squished together). I'm a small girl and I even had to squeeze to get to the table. Our waitress was very slow, and pretty much just took our order and brought our check at the end. That's how little we saw her. Other waiters/waitresses brought us our food and filled our beverages.I ordered the mediterranean salad, which was disgusting. wilted and overdressed lettuce, the most bitter olives ever, way too much feta, and quishy vegetables. The best thing on the plate was the pita. It was bad, and expensive, about $20. I was so unhappy with it, I took like 5 bites and just ate all the pita. It was that awful.My brother in law got a tiny cup of tortilla soup and that cost him $9 alone!Go elsewhere, don't even think about going there. Disgusting overpriced food .
1	Was starving after a very long night out and decided to have lunch here on a Saturday afternoon. After surveying the menu for a few minutes, we decided on ordering a burger and the pasta carbonara.  The burger was fine, nothing really that special.  The pasta was loaded with bacon and peas but sadly lacked much flavor and was left for the trash can.   Basically this place sucks.  It's over priced, the service is really slow, loud, and crowded.  So many other options.  Trust, don't eat here
1	Came here on Tuesday for lunch. The hostess at the front has a nasty attitude and was unhelpful. We asked for the address to a different location, but did not provide... Very rude. We ended up eating at this location. Our burger came out fist, but we waited for 25 mins for drink. Food deserves 3 stars...burger is just ok...Nothing special. Our waiter is super nice and pleasant.
1	We got the spinach dip, it was gross and thick, too much cream cheese I think. The pizza was really good! I was disappointed there was no kids menu, seeing as it's called sugar factory.... We had to pay extra for the two kids to split the pizza as well. There were flies flying around inside!!! And the windows and balconies were not open!!! I thought this would be a nicer place, but really wasn't, especially for the prices you pay. And the tables are tiny!...our food barely fit in the table. Won't go again! They're cocktails did look amazing though! Did not try one.
3	The big issue I have with the Paris Casino is the lack of good restaurants.  Everyone I tried were bad.  I wanted to go to Mon Ami, but the long line was too unbearable.  Plus Yelp reviews didn't give high marks to that place.  I decided to head to Planet Hollywood and walked outside and saw this place.  Sure, I saw it from the inside, but it looked like and sounded like a candy store.  Much to my surprise, it was a full fledged restaurant with a great view of the strip and the fountain show at the Bellagio.  The menu was mostly sandwiches with few entree selection.  But nonetheless, I was happy with the choices, even though it seem like family oriented selections.  I could see myself heading back here.
5	My wife & I ate here before a show , it was so good that later on the night after walking around & gambling we went back for a late night munchie!
4	I Loved this place and the service was good. My husband got the banana bread french toast and is still raving about it! I is really fun to sit on the patio and watch all the crazies go by... enjoy! To learn more about Las Vegas and where to go, eat, see, do, and stay check out You Can Sit With Us blog! www.sitwithusblog.com
2	My advice just go here for the drinks not the food. The drinks and desserts are the highlights of this place the food is mediocre.
5	Love the chicken buffalo crispy! Also the drink strawberry blonde! You enjoy your drink and food looking to the amazing Bellagio! I found it perfect!
1	Just waited twenty minutes with three bartenders for no service...sorry I got a guy with me! Never Again I understand the low rating
5	I love this place. If you are looking for nice lunch place it is the one. Breakfast is good also. I really like the cheeseburger on the chocolate bun...very interesting tasting.Drinks are huge so me and my daughter always split one. Service is iffy but nothing horrible.
4	I have been to this specific location twice & I truly enjoy their food & concept. I noticed the menu items aren't completely the same with the location at Town Square. This particular one at The Paris still has good eats. I've tried a burger, spinach artichoke chip, white gummy bowl, berry basil mojito, fondue for two dessert, & apple blue cheese crumble type salad. From what i've tried so far, I've really liked each dish & cocktail! Good sized portions & great flavor. Not too sweet or not too strong of drinks. The male server I had two nights ago could have been less awkward but he wasn't bad. The only thumbs downs are how they keep the doors towards the strip open. I understand it invites customers to walk in from LV BlVD, but each time I came, I was pretty freezing from the outside wind or weather. Please seat me farther away at least. Also the tables are too close together. It's a real pet peeve when restaurants try to fit too many tables together. I don't like forcing myself to not eavesdrop on the customers next to us that are less than a foot away. I'll still be back for the food, drinks, AND dessert though.
4	Yummy but pricey.  I had the Reese's drink, and it had a unique twist to a flavored rim by adding peanut butter.  Loved the drink and the atmosphere, but it did cost a pretty penny.
4	My hubby and myself headed to the bar to share one of their famous 36 oz drinks since we had already eaten.  The batrender was really nice and he even made a couple of frozen drink samples for us to try.  We tried the drink with the gummy worms.  Its definately a novelty drink with the dry ice.  I was tipsy after sharing one but I dont think they should vharge 36 bucks!
3	Had brunch here on Friday. Was really excited to try this place out. But was a disappointment. Everything was overpriced and it wasn't even that great. Cereal for like what $9? lame. Maybe I'll just go here next time for the goblet. That looks yummy.
2	I went to this Sugar Factory for a bachelorette party. The place was busy enough and the service suffered a bit due to high volume. Our waitress though was great, good personality and was holding things down through the busy atmosphere. FoodThe food was decent, my pizza was good. However it was not $15 good. I've had $15 pizzas and this does not hold water when it comes to quality and ingredients and personal touch of the chef. The price is jacked up on food that should cost $7-$11 to starting at $9-10 up to $15-$20 or more. So I know it's Vegas and since nothing is real prices are high. Because people are there to have a good time and burn holes in their wallets. ServiceOutside of the service from our waitress, we had a terrible experience with a rude hostess and the General manager, Earl I believe his name is, who has major difficulties with properly dealing with incidents that occur. We were called up by the not rude host who asked us for the name of our reservation and our party number. He asked 12? We corrected him only 9 or maybe we were 10 originally. We were then directed to our tables, given our menus and ordered our drinks. Good times! Then 25 or so minutes in the Rude Hostess comes and asks, "Is this your table? Are you a party of 12?" Of course since we were seated by a host we affirmed it was our table. She then asked us "What name is your reservation under?" My friend who is the bride to be told her the name. Then she walked away. First of all, this is not how you handle a situation. She obviously did not know what was going on. Maybe the host who sat us, gave us this other party's table wrongly. So she has to deal with that among her fellow co-workers, not attack us like we just walked ourselves in, stole a table and were served without prior incident to her interrogation. Maybe she was trying to impress the other customers who were supposed to have the table because she couldn't admit that they had a mix up? Either way she approached it all wrong and we were very offended. When my the bride to be then asked for a manager and explained to him the situation. She is a J.D. mind you with a sharp mind and one of the most accurate memories of anyone I know, and she repeated verbatim what this Rude Hostess said. The manager replied saying he was sorry and that he would go talk to the hostess to see what happened. Which of course made my friend ask if he didn't think that this incident was of any concern or happened. He repeated that he was going to ask the hostess and see what happened. This is not how you communicate to resolve problems. Sure there are those customers that come in and lie and make up things. He of course came back and gave her excuse that she was with the customer and just wanted to find out why we were sitting there when she thought or saw that there was a reservation for this other party. wtf?? We never questioned what she was doing, we said it was rude and disrespectful. He just apologized. My friend directly asked him how he could make our experience better since we had been mistreated. He responds "I have already said I'm sorry four times." Wow! this was all he had. I mean he should have comped something. Not because we want to fish for freebies, but because we don't come to a business establishment to pay and have the staff be rude to us. So he either practices this kind of rude behavior and or trains his staff to be that way, or he is just a poor manager, who has difficulty managing. So I gave one star for the one waitress, and 1/2 star for good decent food, but not a full star for over pricing. And another 1/2 star for service again since one host was not rude, and the other was. The rest of the stars are missing because the General Manager does not know how to deal with accountability and create a safe and fun experience for customers when things don't go smoothly.
1	Had Sunday brunch here yesterday for a birthday celebration.  One of the worst experiences I have had in a while.  You know how they say "If you have a good time, you will tell one person, but if you have a bad time you will tell 10," this is one of those instances.The main reason we came here was for the "bottomless" Mimosas.  The service was so slow that at any given time, half of our table did not have any drinks. Unacceptable.  They serve the Mimosas out of very tiny 3 oz. glasses. I mean come on... thats like three gulps.  The server could sense that we were semi-annoyed, and then gave us a little attitude.  In her defense, she was serving 5-7 other tables.  But still.. After the 3rd round, the "Mimosa" was 90% orange juice and 10% Champagne.  We had the busboy take the drinks away in hopes that the next round would be stronger.  10 minutes go by and we are still drink-less.  After asking three more times, from three different people, the busboy walks by and says "there was alcohol in those drinks."  What? Why are you even telling me this? I am pretty upset by now.  I watch restaurant impossible and mystery diners.  I must emphasize I do not think I'm better than anyone, but from a business stand point, why is the busboy telling me I am wrong?  I mean if you advertise "bottomless" Mimosas, thats what I expect.  So after exchanging words with this busboy. We spoke to the owner. Explained the situation, and he went to go figure everything out.  The review is purely on service.  I had the eggs and bacon, can't really mess that up. Actually now that I think about it, I asked for fruit instead of the home fries, and guess what? I got home fries.  I didn't want to deal with the situation, so I just gave my friends money and left.I will not be returning to this place.
3	As with anything in Las Vegas, if I'm paying the high prices along the strip, I expect to be pretty impressed.  But eating brunch at the Sugar Factory was just plain meh.  I will admit, we were kind of in a hurry so we didn't have time to really study the menu (or yelp reviews) to decide what would be really outstanding, we just picked the first thing on the menu that sounded good and ordered standard mimosas.  We did notice while waiting for our food that every single table around us had ordered these large fishbowl drinks with gummy candy on top and dry ice bubbling out of them, so we must have missed out on that experience because it was clear that was *the* thing to order.  The brunch food was simply unexceptional.  I felt like I could have gotten the same quality at a diner for 1/3 the price.  I might come back for just drinks or dessert since that seems to be their specialty, but not again for a full meal.
2	Poor service and terrible and expensive fondue. We had the normal fondue for dessert. What appeared was nothing like the depiction on the menu. A few pieces of stale bread, old marshmallows, and soggy strawberries with a tiny bowl of lukewarm chocolate. No fire, no nothing. We complained to the waiter, he agreed the pic was misleading and offered...nothing. Eventually he brought out literally a shot of additional tepid chocolate. Thanks for nothing.However, the view of the Bellagio fountain was great.Still not worth your time, find another spot.
2	Let's just say, I was not a fan!  We went here with a group in the middle of the week and we received absolutely terrible service. It took forever for us to even get greeted let alone water. Then our food came out at all different times which is always awkward because your food gets cold while you wait for everyone else to be served. Now let's get to the food. I ordered the mac & cheese and a side salad, it was blah! In fact it tasted like processed cheese not even fresh cheese. One of my coworkers ordered the fettuccine Alfredo, and he sent it back because he said it tasted like jarred Alfredo sauce. A few others ordered sandwiches that came with french fries, and they appeared to be happy. So if you stick with the typical diner style food you'll probably be somewhat satisfied.  This is probably a good spot to take children or people with a not-so sophisticated palate!
2	We went to Sugar Factory with a Groupon and I guess we shouldn't have told them we had it before ordering. The Groupon was for brunch for 2 with unlimited mimosas and bloody marys for 2 ppl. Before telling them we were offered an array of flavors for our mimosas, after, we were told there were only the regular flavors available. The mimosas were also very, very small so even in "unlimited" fashion you are lucky to have had 2 total. The food was OK, definitely not worth the $15/per plate (+) price and drinks?? You are looking at $15-30 per drink. Yes they are specialty drinks but still not that special! Our waitress came over to check on us what seemed like every 3 minutes-way too often. Overall, maybe a good place to go for specialty dessert but we won't be back for the food, especially with a discount.
4	Went here a couple times. The bleu bacon cheese burger is amazing. Best burger I have ever had. Cooked to perfection, crispy onions, bun toasted, and the flavor was impeccable.Also went for breakfast with bottomless mimosas. Had the manhattan eggs Benedict, YUM. The service is better at Town center but both locations are yummy.
4	Thought this was a great place. Loved that it was on the strip. We ate here late at night after leaving Chateau. I had chicken and waffles for the first time and it was so delicious I was seriously in heaven. Great choice for my first chicken and waffles experience. The prices were pretty normal for Vegas in my opinion. My dish was around $20. Simple menu, but what they make they make well. My cousin had the filet mignon and it was perfect. Melt in your mouth perfect. She paid about $32.
2	This place wasn't what I expected. I knew it would be overpriced because of the location, but I expected better. Menu was pretty basic, food was bland, burger was burnt, and the huge $36 drinks are mostly ice and sugar and not much alcohol. Service was marginal.You can do much better on the strip at similar prices.
1	simply put... I'll pass.  Copied food, copied menu, followed by less than average service.  No thanks.  SF Paris seeking new chef immediately
1	This is the second time I've eaten here. The first time was okay, and we decided to give this place a shot again but in disappointment. I ordered the salmon with asparagus and a side of mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes were okay but the salmon and asparagus was overly salty~! You could SEE the salt crystals on top.To think that was bad, when they gave us our check, we find out they charge a hidden fee called a "CNF" fee. It's a concession fee that I believe is 3.5% of your bill..? Either way, if you guys charge some sort of fee, it would be nice to be told about it beforehand or even when handing us the bill. But, no, we have to figure it out ourselves and walk over to someone and ask about it.Thanks, Sugar Factory, you won't see us next time~!
1	One of the worst service I've ever experienced. We were standing to be seated and even when it was not busy. The hostess didn't greet us or anything and when we talked to her to seat us she told us to wait. And just stood there. When we were seated, we didn't get any menus. Took over 30 minutes for them to come get our order after we told them we were ready. When we got our food, there was no silverware. We also asked for hot sauce, didn't get it. We had to ask for our check 3 times before we got it. They didn't give us a pen to sign our credit card. We asked several of times too. Food was mediocre. Never coming back.
3	This review is only for the Lollipop Passionfruit Gobblet.After a recommendation from a co-worker, I decided that I must try one of their gobblet drinks when I drop by Vegas.  My husband and I ordered the Lollipop Passionfruit Gobblet to share.  The drink was huge but it wasn't cold at all (even with so much ice in the glass).  The flavors were nice but it's not something that I would keep ordering in the future.  Our waitress was ok, but she forgot the water that I've asked for.  I had to ask her a couple times before I got my water.  Overall, it's a decent place for drinks but I would prefer my drink to be cold since I'm in a hot desert.
2	It was our first time to Las Vegas and I must say it is in a great place on the strip! Right where everyone walks by! However the staff is very very RUDE! Our waitress came to our table a max of 3 times. She never asked how our food was or refilled our waters or asked if we wanted another drink. One hostess sat us at a table and then another hostess came to us and said she saved the table for another couple and moved us!!! The food wasn't good. I recommend this place only for drinks and chill service. I wouldn't recommend going to have food served!
5	With great food and phenomenal service I love having a sugar factory next to us.  Last night we had and amazing dinner with friends.... Best dollar spend on dinner in a long time. Thank you to Sugar Factory staff for the memorable time.
1	If you're going to the movie or just tired of shopping, this is passable for a nice drink (although expensive drinks) but I've eaten food here twice and neither time was very impressive. Most recently, the wife and I had the patty melt and, frankly, I've had better at most other places. The bread was only toasted on one piece and the sandwich was  only warm. I barely saw any grilled onions and the meat was dry. It came with french fries and, while they were crispy, they were only lukewarm. Not really worth the effort. We left and went to another restaurant for dessert and coffee. We wouldn't likely bother to go there again even though we are in Town Center quite frequently.I will give credit to the very nice looking server. She was very sweet, attentive and had a great behind.
2	Picked this place for our group and it ended up being a bad choice. Though our server was great, our food wasn't.- blue cheese burger: 2 of 2 came out charred and well done even though they were requested medium. It only came with a dime-size dollop of sauce- steak frites: it came out very rare even though it was requested medium-rare- ribs: they were overcooked; mashed potatoes tasted like instant potatoes- luau pig pizza: most of the pizza was crust that extended a couple inches toward the center without topping- chicken and waffles: chicken was dry- pineapple express goblet: although it was a cool drink, it was just too sweet. All the goblet drinks seem really sweet
3	I'll start with the veggie burger.. BEST IVE HAD HANDS DOWN! Service was far better than expected!Decor was so much more than I would have imagined for such a place. In fact, the only reason I don't rate it higher is 1- a $36 dollar drink should at least give a buzz! 2- you shouldn't have to pay an ADDITIONAL 15 bux to keep that glass that the 36 dollar drink came in. Just saying... If you pay that much you should get a buzz or a souvenir cup
3	The food is okay although a bit pricey for a "casual" restaurant!  What is upsetting is when you get your bill and find a surprise extra charge tagged on your bill!  Yes, they have something called a CNF fee.  It"s some sort of a concession fee for the restaurant to be annexed to the Sugar Factory store so they sneak in an extra 3.5% of your total bill.  We asked the manager why this is not posted anywhere, on the menu or why couldn't the waiter have mentioned it before taking our order?!  The manager couldn't explain his way out of it - it was pathetic!  So if the waiter is looking for his tip - it was absorbed in the CNF fee that we had to pay.  Perhaps he should complain to his boss!   We do not recommend anyone to come here to eat unless you support paying extra BS fees!!!   :-((
1	First: the CNF charge on the bill, aka "Concession & Franchise Fee" which we couldn't seem to get a straight answer about what exactly we were paying for... appeared to be a 3.5% charged on the bill (which, for our large party was a substantial surprise), and is supposedly related to fees charged to venues by the casinos they're attached to, sort of a surcharge for a restaurant having a prime location. According to my research (and thank you Anthony Curtis), there are very few places in Vegas that do this, and Sugar Factory was one of, if not THE, first to do this. This fee was not disclosed to us and I did not even notice it on the bill until another person pointed it out. The waiter, who provided fair service, could not explain it to us so he asked an associate to try to explain. She couldn't explain it either so we asked for a manager. A very nonchalant 'manager' (at least I think he was a manager, as he didn't introduce himself or formally state his position) said the disclaimer didn't make it onto their new menus. He said the tax was 4.75% (huh? 3.5%, 4.75% which is it?) added on separately so they wouldn't have to raise the prices of their dishes. And that it was "normal" because Cabo Wabo down the street charges it too. Did we ask about Cabo Wabo? Is there value in what we're paying for? No and no. We asked if there was anything he could do for us, as this started as a happy family gathering but at the end of the dinner we all sat around talking about this BS fee and feeling very dissatisfied. He did not care about our level of dissatisfaction, would not credit anything, not even give us a coupon for a future visit, or a free dessert (which I can see why, as their sundae is $49.95).Sugar Factory at Paris, we hope you're listening to your customers, because not only have you made a party of 8 unhappy customers, each of us and ALL of our social media connections are hearing us too. Trip Advisor, Twitter, Facebook...All you had to do was make us happy customers when we were there. Why is that so hard for you to do?Second: the lighting kept going from blinding-bright, to dark-are-we-having-a-blackout.Third: the food? I don't even remember. We were so upset about the customer service. Oh yes, they brought with our bill a little dish of complimentary yogurt covered mini pretzels: 4... for a party of 8.
4	I ordered this cool looking drink called the "Ocean Blue Goblet", which is a mix of Hpnotiq, blueberry schnapps, Stoli blueberry Vodka and Bacardi Razz.  Also they put about 5 gummy sharks "swimming" on the top of the drink.  And to make it even cooler it has dry ice in it to to give it this wow factor.  So not only did it look cool but it was delicious.  My boyfriend  ordered the Sugar Factory signature burger.  Oh my goodness this was so good, I wish I would have ordered it too but I snuck in two bites before he wolfed it down.  It is a burger that is cooked to perfection and the differences of this burger compared to most other burgers are that it has munster cheese, crispy fried onions, their own spread, and the best part a white chocolate bun.  Which gave it just a hint of sweetness that was not overpowering but enhanced the burger.  In an attempt to be on the healthier side I order the Chinese chicken salad which was everything you would expect a Chinese chicken salad to taste like.  It was definitely a great choice.  Just I wanted that burger!  After we finished we went to the candy store part of the Sugar Factory (they are right next to each other) and had my sugar fix and got an assortment of gummy candy and sour belts.  I will definitely come back.
2	Too noisy for me, service polite but very slow.....fair price, food average., perhaps sitting outside , watching fountains at Bellagio would be worth it.
4	Walked down and had a nice breakfast,everything was great fast service,friendly,great location.smoothies were awesome.
1	Had the "Mediterranean Salad" it was soggy and the chicken was from a can. No flavor very dull. For $26 I expected a much better quality of food. At the least grilled chicken and fresh lettuce.
5	To begin, I first gave this place a bad rating due to bad service and the way my food was served. But I came back today and was given the best service and when I mean best service, I mean the "Vegas life" you would see in movies and on billboards. I made a reservation and was seated immediately after giving my name. Usually it takes a while to be seated even if you have made reservations. Other than that, out beverages were served immediately as well. Their Goblets are one of the greatest drinks I have tasted. The way it was served was pretty colorful and full of sweets! Other than serving beverages, our food was served quickly! It didn't take 15 nor 30 minutes. It took about 5-10 minutes. Also, our host kept checking back on us which was very kind. Next thing I would like to comment was the food. Their steak was amazing. It was chewy and tender. I had a side of mashed potatoes and it was the greatest mashed potatoes I have ever tasted. It was not too dry, it was mouth-watering. I also have to comment on their fondue. I'm in love with the milk chocolate and the sweets they provide on the side. Third, we chose to sit outside. I have to say, the scenery was beautiful. Which gave it more of a "Vegas life" feeling. A few people were amazed by our Goblet drinks and asked if they were able to take a picture. Eating outside made it more relaxing and enjoyable. We ended up staying for a good 2 hours. Overall, I now suggest to give this place a shot. It changed my whole perspective. Come check this place out! (: Thanks to the General Manager Errol Taylor btw & Tom for the spectacular service!
5	I have been here a time or two before, but wanted to yelp this time because my salmon and service was stellar!  I wasn't too hungry but I did want something to munch on that was of a healthier option! I opted for the salmon that was accompanied by asparagus and boy was I glad that I did!  My salmon was perfectly seasoned, moist and perfectly cooked!  We sat on the patio so we also got some great people watching and a great view of the Bellagio water show!  I will continue to frequent here!
4	We ended up here because the outdoor Parisian cafe was packed and the line was out onto the street to wait. This place was right next to it.We were told it would be a 20+ minute wait for a table outside. We sat at the bar and got a drink and coffee while we waited and it took about 15 minutes to get a table.The Bloody Mary was fantastic--they make their own spicy infused vodka (but then used a generic BM mix??) and while it tasted fantastic, they were super stingey on the alcohol. Zero buzz achieved (and I'm a lightweight).Their coffee is AMAZING. So amazing we asked what brand they use because we wanted to buy some. No one knew. So that was a bummer.The food was decent and middle of the road in cost. Not as expensive as other places but not cheap either. If you go, try and sit outside on the patio.
4	I still make a trip to Sugar Factory anytime Im in vegas.  Sadly, their happy hour is no more.  Considering how high priced their drinks are they'd probably be wise to bring it back.Ive tried several new drinks since then, including two goblets -- the gummi bear and the green one (forgot what it was called).  I had been dying to try these forever and boy were they a HUGE dissapointment! I didn't care for the flavor of either -- they were both WAY too tart for my taste.  On top of that there was zero alcohol in them.  Now I understand why they wouldnt load something like this up on alcohol, but their regular cocktails are much stronger than these are which is pretty ridiculous. And at $36, I'm expecting it to be somewhat stronger than that.  I drank the entire goblet by myself in about an hour and didn't leave with any type of a buzz.  Seriously?  Huge rip off all around.The last time I was in town I tried their Strawberry Blonde Martini and it was absurdly good! I definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys dessert cocktails.
2	Stay away.  Wait staff is horrible here.  They weren't busy and yet it took 15 minutes to get to us for our order.  Once the get busy... Forget about it.  Took 20 minutes to get our food.  Waitress never came back to check on us and someone else ended up getting us our check.  Pricey for the food you get.  We got the French dip... The baguette was hard... Don't waste tour money here.
3	The menu was much smaller than expected, which the food choices were not as fun or whimsical as the (limited) drink/dessert menu. They would be well served to expand the menu across the board- entrees, drinks, and desserts. Great service, okay food and atmosphere. I just feel like this place could be so much better with a few improvements.
2	We only stopped in here to grad an ice cream sundae, which I thought sounded delicious. We had to wait over 40 min for a table, which was fine since we had the beautiful Bellagio Fountain to watch. We ordered the Cookie Jar sundae that claimed to have Cookie Dough and Oreo ice cream and an assortment of cookies.  This was a shame. The ice cream was vanilla with 4 bits of Oreo and 3 pieces of cookie dough. Then the assortment of cookies was one chocolate chip cookie and 2 Oreos. This was NOT worth the $15 price tag!
5	My sister recommended this place for my one night stay in Vegas. I was impressed. The service was great and the drinks were amazing! I shared the Pineapple Express bowl with my girlfriend and loved it!
2	Sugar Factory was the closest restaurant that we found open after coming in from the airport to Bellagio at midnight.  It's set up with a really beautiful view of the fountains and a cute candy shop connected next to it. The crazy drink menu was their main thing.  They looked really cool when other people ordered it but 30-40$ a drink? Really? Steeeeeep. The food was also just as overpriced. The Mediterranean pasta was SO SALTY. We also had a salad with some vinaigrette sauce. Also not good.  The only thing that I could swallow was the chicken salad (asian?).  For the price, I could get more gourmet food at the Cheesecake Factory.  We also ordered the white chocolate strawberry and mango banana drinks. Both weren't too good but we're each 16$... again, way over priced.
2	I'm shocked celebrities find this a hot-spot, unless Sugar Factory uses celebrities in order to promote their name (which is most likely the case).Out of the whole experience, the best thing was the atmosphere. It's obvious that large parties accommodate seating, and you get a nice view of the water fountains from Bellagio across the street.I would suggest even the smartest of trendy tourists to avoid this place. Everything has a candy or sweet theme to it, which is unique in itself and interesting (a twinkle flavored alcoholic drink? What?), but this is obviously a classic tourist trap for overpriced food (and they go beyond what is overpriced!) I didn't see a single thing under $10 for food, and even the drinks were $7 and up. They have a good variety on the menu, almost every category you can think of (salads, soups, chicken, pasta, pizza, burgers, etc.)Our server told us drinks were half off for happy hour. Apparently drinks are half off at the *bar* area, not the restaurant area. The whole time we were under the impression that all the drinks on the menu were half off, so I ordered the root beer cocktail that was $14 (might I add it wasn't too bad either). When you think you're getting it for $7 because someone assured it was half off and see your bill at about $20 (including gratuity for our large group that night), you're definitely going to have an issue with it!The manager was very nice in making adjustments. Apparently it was buy one get one free, and even if it wasn't half off in the restaurant, I never got my second drink. Food was nothing special, you can have better elsewhere for over half the cost. The fries were ordinary, and my friend said the pasta wasn't anything exciting for the price he paid. One of the high selling points are the goblet drinks, but they're $35! Personally, I didn't see what the hype was all about. I guess if you have money to burn, this place seems like another fast-food restaurant to the rich.
4	Great views and people watching. .. Have dessert for breakfast.
3	Fun ambience especially if you can sit along the ledge on the patio! The food was ok, I wasn't impressed with the carbonara. Not really sure how you can mess that up, but whatever. The service was very slow, but Roman was very helpful, attentive and friendly and picked up the slack of our server who was busy and absent.
1	After spending a long holiday weekend in Vegas for our first time we tried numerous restaurants while there.  We only had one bad experience the entire trip and it was at the Sugar Factory.  While walking by from the strip we noticed there were several empty tables outside where people were relaxing and watching the strip and people going by.  We were staying at the Paris and had already tried the other places so the Sugar Factory was a perfect next choice.So we go up and ask how long for our party of four and were first asked if we planned to order food, which we were starving and happily agreed.  This was a bit odd, but I guess they have many people wanting to sit outside just to relax on the strip.  OK so we were escorted out to the outdoor area and were left standing near the empty uncleaned tables.  We were told to remain there and the hostess would find a busser to clean a table.So after 10 minutes we start to hear waiters going by complaining that we are standing there and that they don't have anyone to bus tables.  My wife goes to ask about what's going on and she was told rudely they can't help us as they have no one to bus tables.  So we continue waiting where we were told to wait. After a while at this point I go to ask a waiter nearby if they can ask about our table and the person made it very obvious that we were bothering him and he didn't want to help.  He basically storms off to the manager with me following.  He says something which I assume is he can't bus the table and then angrily leaves us. By now my wife was fed up and left.  So I explained to the manager what happened with their horrible service and we left.  We continued down the strip a bit, found Gordon Ramsay's Burgr restaurant who happily sat us nearly immediately and we enjoyed our best meal in Vegas with nice friendly staff and excellent service.  So lesson learned avoid this place like the plague, who wants to deal with horrible service and drama like this on vacation?  Sugar Factory needs to clean house on their staff (starting from the top).Ron
3	Food was ok. Service was ehh.Drinks were great!I ordered the steak and eggs for brunch and my bf ordered a burger.  My steak was cooked ok, it was a little on the chewy side.  Would return for the drinks, food and service not so much.
3	The food here is definitely tasty, but not tasty in a fine-dining, high-quality sense.  The reason this food is so great, in my opinion, is because sugar is a main ingredient in EVERYTHING!  I ordered the Signature Burger, which has a white chocolate bun.  When I bit into this burger,  I could taste the sugar in the bun.  Like I said, it was delicious.  But when I actually took a look at the burger I was eating, I could tell it was low-quality.  I would compare it to the cheap, frozen hamburger patties at the grocery store.  The alcoholic beverages on the menu are really interesting and unique, but they are extremely expensive.  I couldn't bring myself to indulge in one, so I can't comment further.I was really looking forward to dessert, because I love sweets.  I ordered the Chocolate Torte and, to my complete surprise, I did not love it. Flourless chocolate cake is my absolute favorite, but this one was extremely thick, sticky, and sweet to a fault.  I actually felt like my teeth started to hurt and I couldn't finish it.  The other diners in my party had the Milk Chocolate Mousse Bar and the hot fudge sundae.  I had a bite of the Mousse Bar, and it seemed to be less sickly sweet than my Chocolate Torte, but not by much.All in all, definitely not a place to go for a healthy meal... but you could probably figure that out by the name of the restaurant.  Decent but obstructed view of the Bellagio fountain, mist to keep you cool while eating outside, upbeat and youthful music played throughout, and inventive, unique (if expensive) alcoholic drinks.   I feel this establishment is too pricey for the quality of food it serves, but it can get away with these prices due to the unique experience it offers customers.If you were looking for a better quality alternative in Paris, I would recommend Le Cafe Ile Saint Louis.  In the same price range, but higher quality food.
5	Love this place. They have unique desserts here considering they have a candy shop within the restaurant as well. Candy bakes pizza to amazing milkshakes. Defiantly a spot to hit up.
4	Food is average and reasonably priced.  Portions are not small but not huge as well. If you come to the Sugar Factory you come for the drinks, deserts and the ambiance. It's a younger crowd sprinkled with bachelorettes, B-day girls and jam packed with baby giraffes (young girls learning to walk in super high heels).Onto the drinks or what they call goblets. They are $36 but they are huge! I'm not a cocktail guy but the vodka watermelon was UH-mazing!!! If you can finish one of these yourself and walk out sober, you need to seek help because you are officially a alcoholic. If you want to hang out and have fun, come to the sugar factory and don't count the calories. On a warm summer night call ahead and ask for a table on the patio and catch the fountain show at the Bellagio from your seat.
2	Came here for a friend's birthday party. I was really excited to come here, but left with disappointment. The food was just okay and the service was not really good. The Drink I ordered was way over priced and didn't taste right. And to boot, the chocolate fondue was horrible. Such a waste of money. Our server was polite, but couldn't find him for most of the time and took forever to get the check. I give it two stars because the restaurant decor was pretty.
4	Anytime we are in town we make sure to hit the sugar factory - open 24 hours and the good is really good.  Drinks are awesome and if u can handle it try the Bloody Mary (spicy).  I usually have a sandwich and is always fresh and loaded with meat.  Make sure you give it a try...will not disappoint
4	This place is a must go when you're in Vegas! I come here every time! I always get the carrot cake pancakes! I've tried the white gummy goblet and the lollipop passion goblet and they're both amazing! They're definitely big enough to share between a good sized group!
1	worst Experience ever. My husband and I have been coming here since it has opened And keeps getting worse and worse! new policy every time. food is not all that great. Completely overpriced. The Only thing going for it is a beautiful strip view. New thing now they charge for "bottled" water. which is tap water in a bottle. supoosably its all you can drink water in a non sealed bottle which im sure that can't be legal. then a new charge "cns" fee which is added after taxes when asked what the heck that is i was told its a franchise somethin fee which meant they get charged for having a prime location so in return we as patrons have to pay a fee. also im sure that's not legal. but needless to say that was the last time i or my friends will ever go there.
1	Expensive and the food sucks? Not the business my friends. The ambiance is nice and fun, but the food didn't deliver. It was bland and nothing I expected, plus I'm paying an arm and leg for it. No thanks, but get one of those giant cocktails - they're pretty neat.
1	Their employees are the rudest human beings alive... The host are rude and act like they own the joint and the manager Errol is the biggest jerk ever. Whatever happened to customer service and pleasing guest. They clearly have no mission they are following at this Sugar Factory in particular, the one in Town Square is def. better!
4	Loved it!!!!!! Had my 21st bday here on June 12th at 12am. I had the ocean blue goblet plus the Reese's and strawberry blonde martini! They were all to die for! A must try if you're in Vegas. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is cause i made reservations ahead of time for a patio seat to have my first legal drink with the strip view n when we got there they said we couldn't unless we ordered entrees...dumb i think we spent enough money with the drinks alone to where it added up to multiple entrees but owell!
2	I ordered the Cool as a Cucumber drink and it was awful. It was really salty. The waitress was kind enough to have it remixed but it wasn't any better. I tried to drink it but just couldn't, so the waitress kindly removed it from our bill when we asked. I also ordered the Tomato, Basil and Garlic pasta and it was spicy yet there is no indication on the description it would be spicy. It is listed as "spaghetti, fresh tomatoes, sliced garlic,fresh basil, parmesan cheese". There was nothing fresh about it. The sauce was canned and there was no basil or garlic. The side order of garlic bread to go with it was a flavorless piece of bread.  Ambiance is nice but the food is nothing to brag about. Sadly I had better food from the food court at the Flamingo.
2	I came here again in the afternoon around 1 expecting to order the carrot cake pancakes as I usually do. Our waiter had informed us that the chef decided to stop serving breakfast? Even though the menu said that brunch was served until 4?I'm giving two stars for the service. The waiters here are very slow and don't really check up on you. Our waiter was pretty rude when he told us breakfast was over as well. The food gets 4 stars though!
2	Went here tonight. I bought an ocean blue goblet. It was decent definitely not worth the $36 dollars. Decent place, just extremely pricey.
3	I heard a lot of hype about this burger so I bought the groupon to share with my good friend when we came out to Vegas to celebrate my birthday.The location is cute. I liked it immediately. Since it's named Sugar Factory, it has lots of sugary/candy like items on the menu which will satisfy any sweet tooth. Service is quick and professional. We were seated immediately even though it appeared to be busy and even got a booth with a nice view of the strip and the fountains. Very pleasant for lunch. For lunch, we both decided on the signature burger and even though the drinks looked and sounded good, we passed on those because of their high sugar content. I love sugar but don't like anything overly sweet. The signature burger is pretty standard except it comes on a white chocolate bun with breaded onion strings and American cheese. I had high expectations and didn't make any substitutions even though I really wanted to switch out the cheese. Who puts American cheese on a burger? McDonalds?Much to my dismay, the burger was just OK. Fries were good but the burger didn't really impress. The bun was sweet but I couldn't really taste the white chocolate and it didn't really make or break the burger. Since we had to use up the whole value of the groupon, we decided to split a dessert to make up for what was left and opted on the adult milk and cookies. The "milk" was actually a liqueur and the cookies, sadly, weren't all that great. Once again, another let down. Overall, service is really good and this is a fun place to hang out. I would maybe come here for a drink, something that isn't sugary and maybe another menu item.
4	We had lunch here on Saturday ( a group if 3)! The concept is cute...... Food and candy!!! I loved the atmosphere here....... You find cute stuff at the dandy store while your waiting for your table( be prepared, the wait can be anytime from 5 to 25 min)!Their cocktails are so good looking , next time I will order one for sure! Their signature cocktail is good for 2 people! I had Bloody Mary which was very good!We ordered  hamburger and chicken salad!!! Very tasty!!!!!I will for sure plan my lunch here next time I'm in Vegas!
4	I went in March, 2014 and discovered the best drink ever -- the Strawberry Blonde Martini. It had Pop Rocks around the rim!We were seated quickly, but we waited a long time before the server found his way to our table. Once he did, he was very attentive and knowledgeable. I had questions about what items were gluten-free and anything he didn't know, he asked. Couldn't help but come back the next night for dessert and drinks. Once again, we were seated right away. The server was a young guy -- entertaining and very friendly. I will definitely go back the next time I'm in Vegas.The server from the first night gave me good menu advice -- I did not get sick the entire time I was in Vegas. :)
2	4 people and the bill came out to $141.00. We had 2 drinks (were good but over priced, as expected in Vegas) and 4 meals. The food was average. I would not return. The resturant charged a cnf tax of 3.5% - whatever that is! Next time I will go to Walgreens, buy booze and candy instead of going to this place. Lesson learned!
4	Great place to have a large party.  It's like a future Farrell's from back in the day.  So loud and so much going on.  Get the fondue for sharing it's awesome.  Never had a bad dessert. They are large and enough to share.
3	This place is fun! The concept is cute! Food is average and reasonably priced. Gift shop is full of fun goodies and clothes!Fun gimmick-y place- maybe overall a lil overrated- but worth a visit!
2	Went to Sugar Factory for late night drink and dessert. Ordered the Peach Upside Down cake which was ok. Not very much quantity. The rip-off occurred when the charge for 2 Baileys and coffee came...$32.00!!! They give you the Baileys in a separate glass that doesnt amount to a shot. So, lesson learned. If an item isnt on the menu, ask how much before ordering. Even if its a known item like Baileys and coffee you dont expect to pay $32 for 2. We wont be back.
4	Stayed for 4th if July weekend in Vegas. I have heard so many good things about the Sugar Factory breakfast. We booked our reservation on OpenTable and we were seated immediately. Service was great. Our waiter Kevin is the BEST. Ask to sit in his section unless it's his day off. I ordered the French Toast which were very tasty. Could have used more powdered sugar (hence sugar factory) but overall it was good. My friends has the blueberry pancakes and said it was really good. My husband ordered the build your own omelet and said it was amazing. :)Over all the experience was great. The restuarant was nice, comfy and a great atmosphere. I will definitely come back next time in Vegas.
2	Food is tasty, view is great, otherwise I would give one star (or less) because the service was really frustrating. And expensive, but then most places in that area are expensive.The chicken tortilla soup was really tasty, but awfully small for the 10 dollars price (one small cup, and that was the regular size, no larger option available). One tiny soup, one decent salad, one mixed drink, total check $ 67.50.We asked for a table outside. When I mentioned I wanted to seat by the railing (note: it was late and the restaurant wasn't crowded at all), the attendant seemed annoyed but led us to a table by the railing anyway. The boy that took our orders didn't understand what the drink was (Rob Roy) and somehow related it to the bar tender in a slightly different way. He later took the drink back to the bar tender, only to come back saying the bar tender did just what was requested. We kept the drink. We had a hard time chasing someone for a spoon (while the soup was getting colder) until I finally got up and found a spoon. We were smiling and not giving an attitude at all about it, but the people working there seemed to be in a bad day or something. Ah, yes the view of the crowd on the strip is interesting (not really a good view of the buildings, but still great people watching), but the annoying/annoyed service was not worth my time.
4	I actually really liked this place.  My friend and I shared a 36 Oz white gummy fishbowl drink.  I really liked it.  A lot of the previous reviews say not to waste too much time or money here but if you think about it is $1=1 oz.  A lot of these martinis in Vegas are like $7 for 6-8 ounces of alcohol, plus ice so it's a good deal.  I also read that they can't taste the alcohol.  Which is bull. I definitely tasted the alcohol - on the first sip. I rambled about the alcohol because... well... Vegas.But the foods good too! Club sandwich had 3 slices of bread, which is a bit excessive in my opinion, but once I removed it I liked the sandwich.The service is nothing to brag about but it's not BAD.
3	Goblets: 5/5. totally expensive but can't argue with the cool factor. very dramatic, sweet, delicious goblets.Food: 2/5: food's disappointing. about on par with say...TGIF or chili's. Definitely not worth the money. even the pizza was disappointing. just a hair better than cafeteria pizza. I would strongly advise against going to sugar factory for food. go for dessert and drinks. ok, just kidding. just go for the drinks. the desserts are not very good either.
5	Really fun restaurant! Came here for my best friend's birthday and had a great time! Food is good and on Mondays goblets are half price. Yum!
5	Omg! Great food..awesome bowl drinks. Great waitress..christi..gave us great options for food selection.
5	This place is awesome! Located at the strip right under the Eiffel tower, cool atmosphere great food, great service the food arrived very fast and it was very good.I really enjoyed the experience.
4	We came here REALLY late after 4AM and we all had pizza and grilled cheese. I have to say it was pretty good. The pizza has a nice little thin crust on it and not to oily. the grilled cheese was yummy as well.Overall great place to go late at night.
5	This place is tons of fun!  Grab some ice cream and sit outside watching the Bellagio fountain across the street, great way to leisurely spend some down time!  The candy store has tons and tons of unique items to keep you entertained!
4	If I could give 4.5 stars I would.  Came here for breakfast and had a really good meal. Got seated outside right away at 10am and had the ham & cheese croissant and the eggs Benedict.  They were both very good. The croissant was made in house and the eggs Benedict was unique in that it was on scalloped potatoes rather than a muffin.  Potatoes were also really good.  Staff was super friendly and on top of our coffee and water refills.  The hostess even gave us to-go coffee cups.  Excellent choice for breakfast!
4	Headed to Sugar Factory for one of their famous drinks to celebrate my 30tg birthday. Decided on the Lollipop Goblet and I couldn't even tell you what alcohol was in it but it was strong and delicious. The dry ice and candy made it even cooler. Quite pricey though $36 but when in Rome...
1	I was here in May for breakfast. It took 30 mins for them to pour a coffee. Our friends we joined had already been there for a few minutes. They hadn't gotten coffee either. 30 mins after that the food came. The "carrot cake" pancakes were nothing like carrot cake. They were burnt carrots thrown into a dry, flavorless pancake. This place is absolutely disgusting. I would opt for a muffin from 7eleven before returning here.
5	The sugar factory now holds the title "The best restaurant in 2014" in my eyes.  The food here is amazing!!!!!! everytime I visit vegas you can best believe this will b on my list as well as the peppermill.  I ordered the chicken waffles.  The waffles were so fluffy and btw they are cooked with bacon inside ....thts right I said bacon.  The chicken was crispy and still juicy and u get 3 pieces of chicken.  someone in my group ordered the french dip sandwich and surprisingly tht was A-1 as well.  the cbef really knows what he/she is doing with this menu.  All in all the sugar factory is a very cool place, atmosphere was fun and loud with great music.  I will definitely be back.
5	This place is pricey but what isn't in Vegas?  My boyfriend and I were strolling (drunkenly lurching) around the strip and decided to stop in for a bite to eat.  We shared fried mac and cheese (amazing and not greasy at all) and the club sandwich (fresh veggies, high-end bacon, and yummy cranberry bread).  The perfect meal to fuel an evening of heavy drinking, foolishness, and depraved shenanigans!
5	Great service.  Quick and good food.  Our drinks were great as well.  Chicken and waffles was delicious.  Our server Javier did a great job.
3	It has gone down a bit since it first opened a couple years ago. They expanded their patio seating, which is good, but the prices seemed to climb quite a bit.
4	I look forward to coming here when in Vegas! The spicy bloody Mary's are delicious and if you have a sweet tooth, even in the mornings, you have to try it out! Great service too, which I always value!
4	we ordered the chicken fingers, club and Caesar salad and everything was good.  The chicken fingers were really well made, nothing pre made out of a freezing bag like you usually get.  Service was great.Reason why they are not getting 5 stars? Appetizers menu is limited.
4	Was excited to eat here leading up to my trip to Vegas, and it definitely did not disappoint. Their drink menu was phenomenal, and the selection of food was great too. I only wish that I had the opportunity to try more in a single visit! I ended up getting the Sexual Chocolate (chocolate-strawberry martini), which was one of the most amazing drinks I've ever had. I also sampled the Root Beer Float, which was equally delicious. Beautiful atmosphere, and great service even when they were packed to the teeth. Will definitely come here during my next Vegas trip in November!
1	If I could I give no star, I would! Service was really really bad and racist! Food was overpriced and didn't taste good. This is one of the worst restaurant I have been too. Stay away!
1	frozen burger meat, frozen bun, frozen french fries.  what could go wrong?  plus, everything has sugar on it (even the broccolini).  top it off with a 15 oz mediocre draft beer for 10 bucks.  just another reason to avoid the strip at all costs.
3	The hostess at Sugar Factory are very friendly and welcoming. The service is hit or miss usually miss. Today we sat for close to 25 minutes before we were offered water. Then it to 15 mins to get our water. I guess when you are sitting for so long you are more observative like how our server had 3 tables in close proximity and the table with 3 woman was served faster than a table with an older couple. The only thing that brings us back is the food not the service.
5	Max was super friendly and attentive! I've dined at Sugar Factory at Paris, but this one is meant for the locals. The decor is super cute and the music is all old school Frank and Nat. Menu options are fantastic and delicious. We found our new favorite restaurant in Town Square!
4	A group of 7 girls went here for ice cream sundaes.  We ordered 3 to share and there was no way we were going to finish those, even given our best effort!  And that was really sad, because they were to die for.  Red velvet.....I dream of you.  No charge for tap water, but they did have a convenience fee, but who cares.  Vegas will nickel and dime you, get over it. Price was fair for what you got, which was a sh** ton of delicious ice cream for about twelve or thirteen bucks (depending what you order).  I will get me another red velvet sundae, count on that.
1	It's so overpriced considering the quality of the food. It definitely is not worth $18.00 to $25.00 a plate. The dinner menu is also very limited. I definitely wouldn't recommend it.
3	I've been here 3 times now and it's always packed, maybe because it's in the heart of the Strip but I hate how it's always full at night. I went here for my birthday and we got like a VIP booth in the back of the restaurant since it was a party of 8 so I guess they want you to feel cool & fancy so I was okay I like it because you don't have to be in the main room where it's so crowed and you bump into the other tables & it's so loud you have to scream (specially if it's a Sat night or Fri night) it's so so packed. Anyway I was content about the table. The food was over priced I paid $95 for 2 chicken Alfredo's, 1 lasagna, 1 crepe with ice cream & 4 sodas. Which I mean I didn't care since it was my birthday but it was expensive for me. The server was nice she was really helpful with the menu. It's good if you're from like Europe or somewhere not from the US since it's all American/Italian cousine so if you're from LA or NYC it's very basic from what have you eat in your city. There's nothing special or something that you've never tried really. It's a nice pale to have fun with friends or family. They have cool drinks but they're really over priced too $36+ medium size.
4	Very good service great food the baby back and the salmon were great the flour less brownie with fresh raspberry and banana shake were great desserts portions are large and so are the portions split items you can't eat it all anyway
5	Love this place! The atmosphere is awesome and our server was really nice. She came and checked on our table throughout the night and even stayed and chatted with us which was really nice. She felt like an old friend. Drinks were delicious and the food was really good. I love this location in Town Square and the fact that we didn't have to deal with a lot of tourists and congestion of the strip. I can't wait to go back again!
1	Visited Saturday 8/9/14 8:30 pm. Had been here 2 years ago and had a wonderful time...not so lucky this time. 1. The host was so rude, she told me we were over 10 minutes late for our reservation and that they gave our table away at which point I pulled my phone out and showed her the time was 8:38, yes we were 8 minutes late...not 10!2. Why does a salad take 30 minutes to get to the table? 3. The food was HORRIBLE! They have changed the menu since I made the reservation (they should notify you). All four in our party ordered pastas, they came out and looked dry as all get out! Like they had sat under a heat lamp for 40 minutes. I had added chicken to mine, there was no chicken, but I was grateful because the others who added chicken said it was dry and gross. 4. The table buser and young men (looked 15) who being the food to the table could really use more training! They brought us a salad to share and no plates, then brought us the wrong tables food 2 times. When they finally brought our food they didn't take away the salad bowl or plates we had to ask for...never cleared cups...Saturday night probably isn't the best for their first shift...5. Our witness ignored us, she could tell (I saw you looking) that the food was just nasty but not a single question about how our meal was...6. I know where she gets it from the manager walked back to our area and saw us all just flopping noodles around and not eating and of course did not come over to see how it was...He knows how it is, GROSS!There's more but I'm tired of recounting this horrible experience!DONT GO HERE!!! WAS GOOD TWO YEARS A GO BUT IS NOT ANYMORE.One star for the drinks.Ps. We all got sick. Old pasta left out WILL give you food poisoning!
3	Everything looks amazing on yelp, unfortunately their food menu has been drastically minimized!  The drinks looked amazing, but I'm preggers so I will have to go back to get my drink on.  My husband and I enjoyed the fried macaroni appetizer, I also enjoyed my carbonara even though it was made with bacon and not pancetta and my husband's steak was tender, juicy, and prepared properly.  Nothing was absolutely amazing, but it was a cute place to go with an excellent view of the strip, which is basically what you are paying for.  Our server was nice and attentive.
2	We had dinner here. Pretty loud. Staff lack common sense (advising us of how extremely hot a plate was as they were placing it in front of my 2yo to touch!) The place lacks customer service. Then food was just below mediocre. Long wait time. They do have absolutely gorgeous goblets!  Management didn't seem to be concerned w our complaints.
3	The food was disappointing but I guess they are really known for their Signature Goblets.We ordered appetizers and were looking forward to the fried mac and cheese.  What a let down!  What ever cheese they use gave it a weird flavor.  We couldn't even finish them.  That's how bad they are!  The fries and onion rings were average.We did get the "New" Special Goblet.  The Fuzzy Peach.  Presentation was cool and tasted pretty good!  Watermelon and Peach.  Yummy!  That would be my recommendation.  My husband also ordered the Chocoberry.  Tasted exactly like a chocolate covered strawberry.Stick to the drinks at Sugar Factory!
1	Horrible.  The food was small portion for high price and the service that I had was uninviting.  Would never go back there again.
2	Came here for food and everything was pretty disappointing. Nothing exciting And nothing tasty. Wouldn't come back for food but the desserts and goblet drinks looked pretty cool and elaborate!! May come back for drinks only next time.
1	We came here with high hopes however, they changed the menu completely and it is nothing like it used to be. I will not be back to eat. The food quality has gone very far down hill.
3	This review is strictly for the store side-- I didn't get a chance to get a drink there, as much as I wanted to. The candy store part is attractive and full of neat stuff-- the lip tattoos are especially unique, and they also have very cool ankle socks with photographic designs on them of cupcakes, donuts, etc. I paid $8.95 per pair for these (bought two pairs), which didn't seem that bad for the Strip. But when I got up to the ITSUGAR store at the Venetian Grand Canal shops a short while later, I saw they have the exact same socks for about $5 per pair. And ITSUGAR isn't exactly a discount shop. The staff were very cheerful and nice, but they packed up my purchases in a somewhat soiled, nondescript blue gift bag, like the kind you get at Dollar Tree. For a markup this extravagant, they should at least package your purchase nicely, like in a bag that doesn't have splotches of crusty stuff all over it. I wouldn't say it's a bad shop, but if you're planning to visit one upscale candy store on the Strip, I recommend you hold onto your money until you get to ITSUGAR (and no, I'm not affiliated with them in any way). It's pretty much the same place but you get a little more for your money there.
1	Not worth the money!!!!!!!! Worst restaurant experience in Vegas I think and I'm a local.... Waitress was wearing her long hair down! Really my sister is a GM in a restaurant and she never ever wears her hair like that, waitress even told us to grab something quick because her hair was going to get burn with the candle on the table..... Really? She forgot to bring out stuff that we ordered as well. Just not worth it
2	Terrible food and service. I wish I had read the reviews first, but we were in a hurry. We stopped in because we liked the outdoor seating. In retrospect, I guess the waiter didn't like us because we didn't order the giant fancy drinks. My husband and I both remarked that it was the worst service we had ever experienced. Aside from the bad waiter, the food was overpriced and disappointing. There were no kid menu items, and the milks for them were $3.50 each and must have been 24 oz. My bad. I should have planned better and picked a more accommodating place for us.
2	So, this is the 4th time I've been to Sucky Factory, er... sugar factory. I don't get here often being that it's on the strip, but when I go here it's usually for some occasion. In this case, for a birthday.  The place was pretty crowded and we sat outside on the patio which we all enjoyed, great view of the bellagio fountains. Our waiter Isaac, came to order our drinks within 5 mins or less, good speedy service I thought. Than we were giving time to order our entrees. I order the TBG pasta, spaghetti, tomato, basil, Garlic and Parmesan, I added shrimp. Sounds amazing right? So I thought. I get my pasta and it looks like straight up spaghetti with marinara sauce and the shrimps still had their tails. I was really disappointed with the dish and when Isaac came back to ask how our food was I let him know I did not like pasta dish and would like to order something else. Instead of being gracious about it, he actually got offended and asked me "why don't you like it?" I was pretty surprised I explained to him nicely that there was no, basil, garlic, very little Parmesan and that the shrimps still have their tales, his response back was "oh yea, we keep the tails on our shrimp" I think to my self AND I'M suppose to know this how? As a waiter if it's not common to have something in a dish, it's his job to inform me that --hey, our shrimps still have tails on them, just letting you know... But he didn't and got offended when I didn't like that. Hellooooo it's a pasta dish. When I'm paying $22 I don't want to have to go digging around for the shrimp in my pasta and having to take their tails off! After that, he gave me the menu to reorder something else and than decided he was going to take a long time to come back to take my order. What Great customer service... After putting in my simple fried Mac & cheese order it took about another 15 mins to get to the table. When it did and I started eating he purposely went to the table behind us and asked how their meals were. I made a comment to my friend saying how nice of him to ignore us and ask the other table about their food, thinking he might of heard that he came around to our table and ask how my Mac & cheese was... Like really dude? C'mon you totally suck. And this is why sugar factory is getting a sucky rating. Sucky waiter and sucky pasta. I'm truly disappointed. Should be called Sucky Factory.
4	Stopped for drinks after walking the strip on  a rare cool & breezy evening and had the Peanut Butter Martini.  It was a toss between that or the Root Beer Float Martini but I love PB.  The drink was about $17.00 & very watered down, but I sorta expected that so I'm not going to whine too much about it.  I ended up ordering a Meat Lover's pizza and beer so I was a happy boy.  I suggest sitting in the patio if weather permits because the evening view of the Bellagio is nice
4	This place makes extremely fun cocktail drinks!I ordered the gummi worm dry ice drink and it was so cool and delicious!  Each bowl is an equivalent to 3 drinks so I suggest sharing unless you want to get hammered. The atmosphere is so cute and fun and the candy store connected to the bar smells like cotton candy. Yummm. Can't wait to come back to try another drink!
1	Had a reservation and got seated right away. Our server took ten minutes to come to the table, asked if we wanted water then vanished. After waiting 20 more minutes in this claustrophobic restaurant we ended up walking out before ever even getting our water.
4	I wouldn't call the Sugar Factory fine dining, but the food is really good and reasonably priced. Especially when you are in Las Vegas. I would really recommend going there for Breakfast or Lunch. Everything is really tasty and fairly inexpensive. I liked the Strawberry Brioche French Toast and I have also had their Chicken and Waffles and Steak and Eggs before. I have never left feeling like the food was bad. The service is a little spotty, but not bad. I wouldn't go there for dinner probably, but I would go there for lunch or breakfast while on vacation for sure!
5	Yummy!  Love their specialty fishbowl drinks, dinners, and deserts!  Their service is amazing and great attitudes.  I like telling my friends to check this place out and enjoy!!!
3	Service and food was not bad. I really enjoyed the egg benedict and loved the goblet drinks. However the only turn off is the 5% resort fee that is added to your bill. Wouldn't Come Back Due To that.
3	Outdoor eating directly across from the Bellagio!  It is difficult to find, open outdoor seating in "indoor focused" Las Vegas.  Sugar Factory was a pleasant find.  There is both outdoor and indoor seating and there is a mister fan for the outdoor tables to cool off the desert heat.  It is wonderful to sit with one of their signature fishbowl drinks steaming away and people watching as the crowds go by.  Service was excellent and handed out with a sense of humor. The food is average Americana, but interesting.  We ordered tapas style to try several different items and all 3 of us came away very full!  do ask about dish portions as there are extreme variances in the size of items ordered which depending on the size of your crowd could make a difference.  Fun change of pace for Vegas!  With good timing you could see the Bellagio fountains as well.  A fun stop!
1	Bad:Wait time is like 30 mins...After that until food arrives 1 hour.Multiple servers taking care of 1 table so you can see they bring your food to someone else.Side of fries on dishes were dry and dreadful.Doesn't worth the money and waitGood:They are flexible to change the ingredients on menu.Staff friendly.Good view if you sit outside.
1	I was really excited about trying this place out. I've heard great things and was highly disappointed. The drink we ordered was really watered down. It tasted like we were drinking melted Popsicles. We ordered some chicken fingers and the chicken was pink. Waste of time and money spent here.
2	I came on a Saturday at noontime and brunch was not offered. I repeat: NO BRUNCH. My brunch-or-die mentality told me to walk out on the spot, but I stayed per request of the rest of our group. I had some clogging, quadruple-bread grill cheese sandwich for lunch. It was decent enough but nothing to go back for. I'm cool with getting murdered by strip overpricing if it's unique, but I wouldn't recommend splurging for a basic sandwich/fry combo. Server hated her job too which really took the cake.  My personal preference is to take the extra time to go to Town Square location.
1	One of the worst restaurants I've been to on the vegas strip... hands down. I went with 14 girls for a bach party and regret it. The drinks are expensive but its the menu options that were poor to say the least. $15 soups chicken strips or some pasta dish. When I told my friends I went there and the food was overpriced and gross they said "oooh I could of told you that!!".... get some candy but no food!!!
4	We sat at the bar and the bartender was really attentive! We ordered the Lollipop Passion Goblet! The drink was amazing and so cool! For $36, it was worth the experience. The ice is dry ice, so once the bartender poured the drink over the dry ice, it created the fog effect. The drink tastes like a Midori Sour; it also comes with lollipops and a candy necklace. We also ordered some fries and fried mac n cheese! The fries were mediocre but the fried mac n cheese was really good!I'll be back to try more goblets and entrees!
2	The food is pretty good, but the service is always slow. As a Vegas local we come here often, but for the price, the service could be ALOT better.
4	Definitely a come back for every time I am in Vegas!The pros; the drinks are amazing, ( yet somewhat expensive), lots of cool drinks to choose from, (and they're all made out of candy) A MUST TRY if you just turned 21.There was no wait time ( and we came during LABOR DAY WEEKEND)Very classy place- good for lunch (before you get too slammed XD)Cons; the food plates are small, not worth the price- just go there to drink!Avoid getting smashed there--- it has a classy ambiance, it seems almost unacceptable to get TOO drunk here.
4	Was there for a cocktail party and it was well laid out. Service was great and the appetizers were very good. Need a place to host a small to midsize event, worth the call.
1	Arrogant, poor service, and overpriced.  Went for burger, was told $3 extra for any cheese other than American.  $20 Burger came out after 40 min with cheddar and no bacon as ordered.  Waited another 30 min and burger came out overcooked with bacon but no fries.  Manager tried to argue fries did not come with meal.  If you come for view and to people watch, good choice. For any food related activity, there are many other better choices.
3	Good food and service. The chocolate bun burger was great. Chicken fingers just ok. Stick with beer. Speciality drinks just ok.
5	A kid in the candy store... literally... and it's such a cute store!! Like a modern day, contemporary, chic mini-Willy Wonka factory. The space itself is not humongous but the selection of items are unique... Anything you could ever imagine is here. Marshmallow shooter? Check. 80's style lunchbox with 80's candies? Check.Sea Salt Caramel Gelato? Check.Tutu's for little girls? Check.Lip tattoo's? Check.Mugs, lunchboxes, and other souvenirs? Check.Snazzy swanky cute clean contemporary decor? Check.
4	The ambiance is nice, but the food is way over-priced (more like $$$). The menu is limited. Service was nice. Ask to sit outside so you can have a decent view of the strip.
4	Came here for dinner on a Sunday night with my family and fiance. At 6pm, it wasn't nearly as packed as I expected it to be. We were seated outside in front of the Bellagio fountains...such a nice view! I love dining al fresco, especially on a cool fall night. I started off with the peanut butter cup martini. It looked really cute, but I wasn't a huge fan of the taste. The alcohol was a little overpowering and the chocolate tasted very bitter. I ended up ordering the chicken and waffles, which was delicious! I love how their waffles contained bits of bacon...so much YUM. In fact, my fiance ordered the same thing and he loved it as well. We ended with a turtle sundae. Their sundaes are HUGE so I definitely recommend sharing with multiple people. Our waitress was nice and attentive; we never had any issues with service. The only downside about this place is that the food is overpriced, much like the majority of restaurants on the Strip. But if you can get over that fact, then it's great! Nice ambiance, good service, and yummy food. Would definitely come back again.
4	Sat on outside patio for breakfast  and started with mimosa and bloody Mary's.  The carrot cake pancakes were absolutely  amazing. Omelettes were standard. We had a great view and great people watching. Restaurant is full and staff is very busy. The hot chocolate was amazing. And some of the drinks people were having looked amazing and were huge!
5	I love this place the food is amazing its staffed with just enough people ! Drinks are good you will love this place
4	I came here twice mostly for the novelty drinks which I love since I've always been a candy girl.  The food is nothing to write home about but wasn't the worst I've ever had either.  Both times I came was able to sit out on the patio which is great for people watching and views of the bellagio fountains come early though as it gets quite busy come 7pm.
1	After a 4-star worthy dinner at a restaurant in the Bellagio hotel, my party of four was looking forward to a delicious dessert and some prime people watching across the street at the Sugar Factory, located in the Paris hotel. We asked the hostess how long we'd have to wait for a table on the large patio overlooking the Las Vegas Strip and musical fountains of the Bellagio. We were told 30 minutes, provided a cell phone number, and proceeded to explore Paris until our name was called. Within 10 minutes we were called, headed back to the restaurant, and taken to a great table with fantastic people-watching potential. When I asked if we could have dessert menus, we were told the patio was for dinner dining only. When we explained that we were not asked or told that when we submitted our name, the lead hostess was summoned and we were informed that, since it was their mistake for not informing us, we would be granted an exception and be allowed to stay at the table. We promised to order lots of dessert! Unfortunately, that was when it all went downhill. The staff handled our seating situation appropriately, but the dessert we ordered fell woefully short of our expectations for, what appeared to be, the best place in town for a late-night sugar fix. Indeed, the dessert was so bad, we each took a couple of bites and couldn't go further. Two in our party ordered coffee/decaf, which  impressively arrived with warmed half-and-half on the side. This classy touch was not indicative of good things to come. The other two in our party ordered cocktails and they enjoyed them. Much of the cocktail menu was comprised of huge sugar-laden drinks, which, although not for our taste, seemed appropriately Vegas and well-suited for a restaurant claiming to showcase sugar. We thought it would be fun to share one outrageous dessert rather than order four smaller ones and the dark chocolate fondue fit the bill. It came with brownie bites, cake pops, strawberries, bananas, rice crispy treats, two kinds of cookies, and (oddly), pretzel bread bites for dipping. The platter arrived in a most unappetizing display. The chocolate was not particularly high quality and was not served in a fondue pot or other warming bowl.  The fondue forks provided were actually short wooden skewers.  Whipped cream was not provided as one would expect with dessert fondue. Moreover, the rice crispy treats and pretzel bread was stale, the brownies and cookies were cloyingly sweet, but otherwise tasteless, and the cake bites looked horrible and tasted worse: like raw sugar dough balls covered in smashed sprinkles. The entire platter looked and tasted like leftovers or day-old scrapes that never sold (and clearly should have been discarded). We pondered whether we were being singled out for "taking" a prime table with a dessert-only order, but the consistently bad taste of every item on the plate and the hideous way in which the food on the platter was displayed led us to conclude that the Sugar Factory likely (shockingly!) cannot deliver high-quality dessert items.  We got the impression this is one of the places in a great location with a super view that feels it can skimp on quality and charge a lot for inferior food just because it can. We paid nearly 30 dollars for a plate of dessert that left a bad taste in our mouthes.  Fortunately the pink-faced street performers and endless Vegas tourists provided just enough distraction to sweeten an otherwise disappointing experience. There's absolutely no way to sugar coat it: The Sugar Factory is not the place to go for a high-quality dessert.
5	Had lunch and dessert.  The food was great. The service was really good. We sat on the patio and people  watching was also fun.  I recommend  this spot.
3	Well this place is obviously a fun 'try it once' kind of place. Our server was great, I wish I remembered her name.  They took us right at our reservation time.  The pasta was good..not amazing.. the goblet drinks are awesome because they smoke from the dry ice when they pour it foe you. Very sweet drinks obviously, I don't think worth $36.Now until leaving we had a good experience overall, everyone was happy with their food and drinks. Afyer we walked out, I realized I left my shopping bag under the table. I ran back inside as they were seating a new group at our table. I talled to the manager and explained, he told me to hold on and kept talking to the hostess.. he then aske dme.to point to where I was sitting but would not let me look myself. He went and talked to the buser but never went to the table..he came back and said "the buser says they didn't see it'.. I get he did not want to disturb the new group but really? So he had me leave.. luckily my friend in the group marched right up the table,said 'excuse me'and got my bag which was right there.  What a joke of a manager.. he could have cared less.
3	The three stars are only because of how delicious the goblets were and how much of a buzz I had that I surely wasn't expecting.  Other than that, the restaurant is a glorified sandwich shop.  Overpriced menu items (which, duh, it's on the strip) with little to no seasoning is just sad.  Go for the drinks & view of Bellagio fountains!
1	Average at best. Came here with my friend for what we thought was brunch, but apparently we missed it but a few minutes. I started with a bloody mary, which was good, spicy and tasty and for lunch I ordered the french dip. Average taste, pretty salty just ok. Why the 1 start review? Our server was less than desirable. I ordered my bloody mary and a table who sat down 5 mins after us got their drinks before. After I hailed him down asking him the cancel the drink order, he told me, "there was a mix up, it's coming right out". Ummm ok. 5 mins later it did. Terrible service and average food. Meh. I'd defiantly look for a new place to eat.
4	They always have deals. Make sure to find them before coming in! Food wise, the sugar factory burger is my personal favorite. They use a white chocolate bun for the burger and it's B-O-M-B!!! They also have a chocolate pizza. That's right! Chocolateee! Try at your own risk.
3	This place was good but not great. We had the steak and eggs. We sat for 5 minutes before our server greeted us and it took over 20 minutes to get our food and it wasn't that busy. The meal was good, steak over cooked though. The patio was beautiful and had a good view of the Bellagio fountains. It was good, but I probably wouldn't return.
4	Super fun place with good food and awesome drinks!I had the watermelon martini and it was delicious! Love the watermelon candi-stick that came with it - yummy!We ate her twice - once for dinner and once for breakfast.For dinner we split  some appetizers: a flatbread, grilled mac n cheese, and some bread appetizer that was very good.  The food was all declious!For breakfast we had french toast, the chocolate pancakes with bannanas, fruit, bacon, and sausage.  It was all very good as well!Make sure to check out the candi storeIMPORTANT TIP TO SAVE $20Buy the groupon: $30 for $50 on the bill.Super easy way to save $20.
2	We had group dinner reservations to celebrate here during my friend's bachelorette weekend this past Saturday night. The restaurant was crowded and we were late for our reservation but the hostess was accommodating. We were all super excited to dine here, but we were really unimpressed with the menu. The menu was not very extensive and options were somewhat limited...some of the items ordered were: Spinach & Artichoke Dip w/ Tortilla Chips - Average, not greatCrispy Broccolini - Tasty & FlavorfulVeggie Burger - Dry Patty & not well seasonedTortilla Soup - Not goodFried Mac & Cheese - Meh...just OKJambalaya - AverageSimple Pasta w/ tomatoes (I forgot the name) - BlandCocktails were pretty good but not worth the $36 for the Goblets.
1	I was just here yesterday. The prices are way unfair for the quality of the food. The club sandwich, meh....I've had waaaaay better for a good $7 cheaper elsewhere. The BBQ chicken pizza...that was disappointing...it was a cheese pizza with plain shredded chicken sprinkled on top and bbq sauce drizzled over the top, LAME! But I guess they can charge a butt load for crummy food and get away with it because they are on the strip.
5	Really enjoyed this place outside Paris Las Vegas.   Great great drinks and Chinese Chicken salad!   Nice outdoor section is great for people watching.  And a great view of the Bellagio fountain show.  Attached candy store is cool too.   We would go back there next trip.
2	I would have given this place 4-5 stars a couple of years ago when I first went here, but after my latest dining experience they barely get 2. It was only the fun, yummy lollipop drink and delicious red velvet sundae that bumped it to two. Our waiter was totally disinterested, things took longer than they should have, and all of the meals for my party of four were cafeteria quality but cost $20+ each. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll try something different.
3	This is one of those places that exude the "gotta try it at least once" vibe.  And so, when in Vegas...We happened upon this restaurant for dinner one Saturday night, and at around 6:30 PM were able to score a table near the sidewalk, perfect for people watching and observing the Bellagio fountain show.  Score! Based on the food and drink menus, this place walks the fine line of being a bar that happens to serve food as opposed to a restaurant that serves alcohol.  It's all about perspective.  The food menu is surprisingly limited, some appetizers, salads, burgers, pasta, pizza -  nothing that stands out.  - Chicken and Waffles (I am a total sucker for 'em).  Their take on it includes signature bacon waffles, buttermilk fried chicken, whipped butter, and cinnamon bourbon maple syrup. I said, bourbon maple syrup!  I was disappointed to be served chicken tenders, rather than whole pieces of chicken, but otherwise the dish was okay.  The presentation was great, but the dish was priced a little more than its worth.  - Side order of Tater Tots - I know, I know... tater tots??  Seems so elementary, right?  But that's exactly why I love 'em.  They're a personal fave of mine and so rarely do I seem them on the menu that I order them nearly every time I see it offered.  The tots here are perfect.  Well seasoned and perfectly cooked, providing just the right amount of crunch and tenderness.  -  Pizza - Good amount of toppings, not overly cheesy.  Crust was perfectly cooked and overall tasty eats.  It wasn't extraordinary, but a solid dish nonetheless.  Can't vouch for the drinks, though they look and sound delicious.  And at $16 for a martini and $36 for a goblet, they better damn well be.  I do appreciate the creative mixology going on.
1	While the food is good, the service is average to poor and they tack on a "CNF" fee with no explaination.  Our check was $74.65 pre tax with an extra $3.51 CNF charge.  Additionally, we booked out table with Open Table (for the points) and they cancelled my reservation after we arrived and said the reservation never existed when I called later.  Overall very pricey and average experience but good people watching.
2	Wait staff was very attentive to our group.  The downfall of the visit there was all of the food that was ordered by our group was super salty.  To the point where you could taste each grain of salt in each bite.
1	Skip this place!  The service sucked and the food was only so-so and definitely not worth the price.  The decor is simple, the chandeliers are the main decoration.  We were there for over 2.5 hours and I don't get why.  The place was only about 1/3 full if that and there was staff everywhere sauntering around less than busy. It took forever to get our drinks, then it took forever to get our food, it took forever to get our check....and so on.  Then what made it worse is that when we did get our check it was WRONG.  Ugh!  I got the chicken and waffles which was okay but not worth the $22 price. I also had one of there specialty drinks called the Lollipop Explosion or something like that for $36 bucks.  It was disgusting but I didn't want to waste it so we choked it down anyways.  We also ordered the onion rings which I will say were the best onion rings I've ever tasted.  Our waiter was just plain rude, he walked around with this dogged look on his face and never smiled or asked how our food was or anything.  Just a bad experience all around.
4	Oh man! This place will have a bit of a wait but it is SO worth it!!!The ambience is perfect; the drink menu is super creative and their boutique drinks will never disappoint. The food menu is TO DIE FOR! We ended up for fitting our reservation and eating at the bar. We had cinnaroll waffles and banana nut French toast. Both dishes were absolutely gorgeous in presentation and tasted so great. Our friend had chicken and waffles for lunch and he loved them, said they were some of the best he ever had. Huge bits of bacon in the waffles! I would totally come back!
2	I agree with other reviewers quality vs price isn't there. Had the eggs Benedict wAs sub-par and & $14 bucks.had a side of bacon which was over cooked and dry.dont get caught up in the hype of this place. Lots of better places to go.
4	Note: Review for restaurant only,  no desserts or candy or alcohol.I came here with my friend for a girl's lunch during the middle of the week. It's late autumn, so of course it's chilly, but the sun was peeking out. We sat outside to enjoy the awesome people watching from the patio.The first thing I noticed was  the tiny, itty bitty, little outdoor tables. Yes, It was a disaster waiting to happen!  More about that later...Our server Kevin, was really  fun, a bit snarky, and he made us laugh quite often. One of the food runners (a female) walked around with a scowl on her face like she hated her job more than life itself, but overall everyone was quite pleasant and affable.We decided to share all of our food items, and we started off with the broccolini appetizer. It was delicious and cooked exquisitely, but the sauce was a bit cloying with its sweetness. Next, we had the Asian Chicken Salad and a BBQ Chicken Pizza. These items were right on, but the pizza needed more bbq sauce, which the was presented to me ice cold :(. For beverages we had the unsweetened tropical iced tea.With all of the dishes on the tiny little table it happened: CRASH!!My plate went flying out onto Las Vegas Blvd and i pelted an unsuspecting stranger with a mandarin orange upside the head. Oops!I TOLD YOU THE TABLES WERE TOO SMALL!Kevin teased that I hadn't even been drinking, and everyone  was really nice about helping to clean up the mess and bring me new dishes. A  nice  gentleman on the Strip  even walked by and picked up my fork and handed it to me as well. My bad!Anyway, we didn't try any of the deserts or candy, but I am in love with the fact that they have a Jelly Belly vending machine in the attached candy shoppe. As a card carrying member of the Jelly Belly fan club this detail is not lost on me.Of course the prices were a bit lofty, but it's high dollar real estate in a tourist trap, so what do you expect? Thank goodness for Groupon to make things more accessible!I will definitely be back, and I want to sit in Kevin's section again. This time, I promise not to break anything!
1	Terrible breakfast. Under no circumstances should you come here for breakfast. I ordered the farm eggs. When they arrived they were cold and bland.  The whole thing tasted like it had been taken out of a packet and microwaved. The "country sausages" are particularly unpalatable. Unless you are interested in eating airplane food, give this place a miss. Service was good.
2	Years ago, I had an AMAZING meal here, so I was eager to eat here again. Unfortunately, this place went downhill in a hurry, and that's a shame!I ordered the 8oz Filet Mignon. It was WAY over seasoned with salt and pepper, undercooked (I asked for medium and it came out closer to rare), and having had this same dish before it was a huge letdown. And what's up with them not letting you substitute sides?!The Sugar Factory Fondue was another huge fail, with awful tasting chocolate and mediocre treats to dip in it. I could tell that the bananas were frozen, the brownies were gross, it was just bad overall.How things have gotten so bad is beyond me, but needless to say, I won't be coming back.
1	Please spare yourself the time and DO NOT go here for neither drinks, food, or tap water. Sugarfactory's atmosphere is very loud, and does not fit for dining nor drinks. The service was acceptable, but pretty slow. Our waitress seemed to care for at least a couple of tables to many. If you anyhow end up here after this review, have fun and don't be sad because you mad a terrible decision, and end up with an extremely expensive bill. #ripoff
4	NOTE: One really good piece of info: The ice cream sandwich that is 10.95$ in the restaurant is only 4.95$ next door in their candy/ice cream store. AND the guy behind the ice cream counter said the one in the store is much bigger! So save your money and go in the store and you also get many more choices of which ice cream and which cookie!!The location in and of itself makes it worth eating or having drinks here! it is literally across from the Bellagio Fountains! The view of Bellagio is amazing and then when the fountains start up, it is awesome! You get some of the best photo ops from the tables in Sugar Factory of them!The place itself is nice as well- good atmosphere. We had a very nice server who was honest about things on the menu she liked more than others. She was able to steer us in a good direction and what we had was pretty good! The pizzas were very good- high quality cheese and a good crust! And there was some very good sea salt on top as well which I really liked.The drinks were excellent. We ordered off the menu and got much better prices as well. I ordered a margarita and it was definitely made with fresh lime and OJ and was $8 cheaper than their signature drinks. The signature ones looked fine, just maybe a bit too sweet for my taste.
2	Service by Sherri was fine, but food was underwhelming and expensive. Fried Mac & Cheese was bland and the mini-burgers were mostly bun. Highlight was the signature burger with slightly sweet, white chocolate bun -- good with Tobasco.
3	Finally had the chance to dine here and really liked the vibe. The food was okay but nothing special. I ordered the burger and it was delicious! The grilled onions and burger were cooked to perfection. I did try the Caesars chicken salad and it was just OKAY. Portion was a bit too small. I mean if ur ordering salad as a meal, they can at least chop up a few more pieces of lettuce. I was really looking forward to trying their drinks here but as soon as found out they are charging $36 a drink, I got grossed out!I would never in a million years pay 36 for a cup of liquor. I can get a bottle of alcohol for a fraction of that price. I feel bad that ppl are getting fooled by these fancy drinks! Anywho restaurants was cute and fun but nothing special. Been to better spots Hopefully my friends don't drag me back here.
3	This is one of the places you HAVE to go if you are in Vegas. With that being said, Sugar Factory is famous for their specialty drinks where you could get a goblet size that includes 7 shots for 32 dollars I believe? The drinks are well presented...you just have to see it for yourself, it is the most magnificent thing ever with smoke coming out of it. However, this review is not for the drinks, it's for the dining itself. The food is just alright, nothing special. The restaurant being on the strip, I guess I could see why they would charge the price that they do for the "alright" food. Nothing on the menu stood out or have the "try me" screaming at you because it really is just your typical everyday pizza or pasta that you could perhaps get at The Rock at your local neighborhood. Would I come back to eat, no. Would we come back just to order drinks for Instagram pictures, that is a possibility. Ahahaha.
2	We came on my birthday( a Tuesday) for breakfast.  The restaurant was really not busy, however, they refused to seat my cousin until we arrived.  Yeah, whatever.  Not impressed.  Really, really overpriced and to top it off, you'll pay a special "fee" or tax because the restaurant is not part of the casino.  WTF?  Never heard of that before.  Ok, so I had a groupon for 50.00.  You'd think that 3 people would have a problem spending  50.00 for breakfast, especially since we're not big eaters.  Well, you'd be wrong I had the "eggs benedict" with scrambled eggs.  I asked for the hollandaise on the side.  Their version doesn't have an English muffin, if you want one on the side, it will cost you 3.95( wow).  The eggs benedict was 15.95 or 17.95, I cant remember.  It also came with 4 stalks of really tough asparagus.  The hollandaise was served in a tiny cup.  This version also contains scalloped potatoes.  Very weird and those were not cooked thru. My cousin had banana bread French toast which was just that.  A really thick, hard piece of banana bread that was made into French toast.  It was hard to eat and crumbled with every forkful she took.  My wife had 3 tiny little waffles( I'm sure they were frozen) that were supposed to taste like a cinnamon roll.  They didn't.  It was not worth the price. My cousin also had a 5.00 hot chocolate that they charged me 6.50 for and called it chocolate milk.  I told the waiter it was hot chocolate and he said yes, that's what we charge and I had to show him the menu where it says " Hot chocolate", 4.95.  Jeez. So,with that, we still had to pay another 18.00 for tax, tip and the fee.  Crazy crazy expensive.
4	I got a groupon for $30 for $50 which was really good being that sugar factory is really expensive. I've been trying to go to sugar factory for a long time because the drinks looked so good and they were. I purchased the lollipop passion it was $35. It tasted like lemon lime soda. At first I was disappointed about it but it slowly creeped up on me. I tried the chips and dip which was basically over sized ruffle chip sour cream dip. It was alright but not worth $8. I also had the spicy jambalaya. It was tastey but I couldn't eat a bite without taking a sip of drink. It was to hot for my taste. I couldn't even enjoy it. I loved the ambiance. It was sexy and fun. I could see the Bellagio water show from my table. Our waiter was awesome. He didn't mind us taking pics and video recording him make our drinks. I would go again and try something else to eat
5	I think people are way too rough on them. Tbis is my 2nd time in Vegas visiting them...the food is spot on...yes its overpriced but not crazy..a burger is 14 bucks  not mcdonalds cheap but not  wildly expensive either. The real deal here is get appetizers..we got hummus and flat bread for 6 bucks, split the chinese chicken salad and a mega dessert bill under 50 total. Thata not bad. The hummus was fresh and salad while not amazing hit the spot. Id go back. Btw...their breakfast is superb
2	I don't take eating out lightly and I tend to be the kind of person that pays a premium  for service. I feel that sugar factory is a thing that has to be done by tourists when they visit town. That being said, I am a local and I found  the experience to be disappointing. The ambiance was not comfortable. It reminds you of the design features of a McDonald's with uncomfortable furniture and tables packed closely together to subconsciously increase turnover. The waitress was not attentive or personable. I have mixed feelings about the food. It had a lot of potential and there was creativity in the way it was  presented which I give credit for. I was served the chicken and  waffles and I was unhappy with it overall. The waffles were original with bacon cooked in, but the chicken was dry and flavorless. The syrup was supposed to be a bourbon reduction maple syrup and I can say without question that it was as flavorless as corn syrup from the supermarket. I do not believe that you get what you pay for here.
5	The Sugar Factory is really good.  I was initially hesitant because I thought it was going to be a ton of sugary food, but it is actually a great restaurant with delicious food.  The people with me had Cheeseburgers which tasted amazing and I had the French Dip Sandwich, also which was really good.  It is beautiful at night because you can see the water show at the Bellagio across the street. They have these amazing, and giant drinks which are colorful and sugary and full of alcohol.  I didn't try one, but if they taste as good as they look, I would say that it is a must do while in Vegas.  I also love the dark atmosphere of the restaurant. It is attached to the actual candy store which was fun to look through afterwards, they have a lot of hard to find candy and vintage stuff.  Pretty cool place.  I wouldn't write it off if you aren't into sugar, as I am not, but it was still worth going to.  I will definitely be going back at some point.
3	Went here as we bought a groupon and never ate here the last two times we visited Vegas. Open 24 hours so stopped in after 8pm and got seated right away. Great view across the street at the Bellagio fountains and saw the show happen 3-4 times we were eating. Tried the broccolini shared plate with lemon juice and it was so tasty wish there was more than 4-5 stalks. The tortilla soup was OK and good for the cooler fall night. Shrimp jambalaya is spicy! No joke and wish there was more rice considering it was an entree and the portion was small They have pretty good food but for the price they charge compared to the portion size may not be worth it. Next time though will come back for the goblet drinks couldn't do it this time as we have already drank two yard size drinks beforehand.
1	I would give them zero but it's not possible. Never coming back to this location. Again hostess are royal cu##s
2	We had the prime rib sandwich and chicken ceasar salad. Everything was greasy and overpriced. Would not recommend.
5	BEST BURGER. I was hesitant about the white chocolate bun but it turn out to be one of the best burgers I have ever had. I got the groupon and it was definitely worth it.
2	It's a unique bar/restaurant. I came here for drinks with my gf, but we didn't enjoy any of the drinks. Most of the drinks are overly sweet (hence the restaurant name). You can't enjoy the other flavors. I probably won't be back unless if I want diabetes. On a plus side the service wasn't that bad.
3	Love this place for the atmosphere and the fun trendiness. The food they have are awesome choices just not the best food I've ever had. I've eaten at both location numerous times and every time it's been inconsistence and not amazing as it sound or looks. So kindda disappointed on that end other wise it's a cool trendy place with lots of fun hip options.You can easily spend up to $100 a person but you do get your bang for your buck. Watch out when dealing with the host on NYE some of the girls there can be a truly unprofessional and can really turn you off from going to dine there. For that I rate them 1 star. That kind of employee should just be sent home....for GOOD!
2	Came here on a whim while walking the strip because we had heard of the goblet drinks. The night was still young, maybe 10p or so, so it wasn't horribly crowded. We sat at a high table at the bar and already had an idea of what we were going to order. We sat for a while and had waitresses pass us a fair amount of times, but got no service. We actually had to stop one of them and say we needed to order something. After ordering it was maybe another 10 minutes or so before we got our drinks. I think there was only one bartender making everything, so I'll let that wait time slide a bit.There were 3 of us, so we decided to share the drink. It was alright. They pour it out at your table so you can watch it fog up, but it wasn't too extraordinary. Taste wise, it was too sweet for my taste, but what can you expect from a place that sells candy haha. However, the price didn't quite fit the experience. $40 for a drink (it's about the size of 2.5 normal drinks mind you), but still a bit steep in my opinion.Overall, I probably wouldn't go again, but might be worth the experience if you've never got to try.
4	The food was well done. Great flavor and cooked well. The drinks make this place. Had a blow pop martini. .so good and the pop rocks on the rim are fun! Also has a berry basil drink. Spendy but fun and enough to share.
5	Maybe I don't get out enough (more than likely this is the case) but i thought this place was awesome. I ordered the 8 ox filet and it was freaking delicious. I wanted to regurgitate it so that I could eat it again, it was that good. My wife is gorgeous, but I am horrid looking and yet they still let us dine out on the balcony strip in full view of the gawking pedestrians. My only complaint would be that a beer cost me $9 which is more than the six pack cost me that I drank before I got this fine establishment. Ask for balcony seating for full Vegas Experience.
2	The food was pretty bad. My soup was too watery. My ice cream sandwich tasted funky. Everything was priced extremely poorly for the quality in my opinion. I paid $30 for a bowl of soup and two slices of ice cream sandwich. Wtf. At least everything was edible?If you're in the right seats, you have a great view of the Bellagio fountains though. Only other plus side, it's open 24/7.Go to Earl's.
1	This review is for the LATE NIGHT eater. We headed here specifically because it advertised a late night menu - which is limited for those seeking good food after a late night out in Vegas. THIS is not the place to go. I can't say if the food quality is better during the day - I hope so, since I've seen this location brimming with patrons during regular hours. However, I can say that the quality of food was below any food expectations anyone can have when we visited. Everything from the apps, pizza and Caesar salad felt like it was either reheated from a pre prepared version in the kitchen or put together with the lowest of standards. I can only hope that the lack of taste and presentation is due to the restaurant's assumption that patrons at 4 am are either too drunk or too desperate to care about good food. The only reason I even give this a 1 star is because our waiter was nice, helpful and accommodating to our needs. He - not the food - get the star.
2	As stupid as this may sound, I went back to this place the following day for breakfast after a mediocre dinner.  I have to say that this location will not substitute anything.  They do not want to be bothered with any variations in their menu. I ordered the egg white scramble with crispy fries.  Unfortunately, the fries were not crispy.  The bacon was very average and did not taste like the applewood smoked bacon they claimed it was.  I ordered a banana but French toast. It was actually a slice of banana nut bread topped with some fruit and whipped cream (about $15).  I tried a few bites and pushed it aside. On a good note, they do serve Peet's Coffee and it was delicious. This place could be so much better, but they really don't care, IMHO.  I wanted to try it for myself and now I have. Too many other places to spend your dollars without all the heartache and grief.
3	The seating outside gives you majestic view of Bellagio and fountains which lured us in for breakfast. They had interesting options on the menu. I wasn't too hungry so I went straight for coffee and fruit cup but my husband ordered for potato waffles which  were delicious and the most flavorful breakfast potatoes ever. Its a must have, the indulgence is worth it. The service some how I felt was not unto the mark, server seemed more interested in talking amongst each other and had to be reminded to refill water and coffees.
2	I was going to give this place 3 stars but when I sat down to write my review, "Meh" was the first that came to mind, so it gets 2 stars since that is the literal description Yelp give a 2 star rating.  Anyway... I came here 3 time during a trip to Vegas.  Once just for shakes and candy with the kids.  The shakes were prety good but definitely not worth $10 each.  Then we came for brunch with a groupon.  Again, nothing special.  Food was mediocre and priced too high.  Service was ok, not teriffic. It's a crowded place so that could affect attentiveness of the staff. We were underwhelmed but I forgot to use the groupon so we had to go back again before heading home.  Once again, nothing was special, nothing was delicious, nothing was terrible.  Still, $10 for a shake, $30 for a coctail (albeit huge) and $25 for chicken and waffles (obviously not homemade) isn't worth it.  There are many more quality places to eat in Vegas at those prices.
4	So I spent 4 days in Vegas to celebrate my 40th birthday this past week and was trying to find a good place to eat so when I finally decided on a restaurant I made  a reservation for this place.  Prices of course were on the high side but that's to be expected with that said the waitress that was tending to me and my bf was super sweet and very attentive. She gave us a few suggestions and I finally decided on the turkey pot pie and my bf had the chicken and waffles. The pot pie was really good and nice and boiling hot but the chicken and waffles with the bourbon syrup was amazing. Me and my bf were happy with are choices but I was sad that they didn't have that syrup bottled and for sale because I would of bought a couple bottles. The waitress bought me a birthday shot. So overall we were pretty happy with the decision we made to eat here. I will definitely try again. Thanks again to waitress sorry forgot your name but you are the shit..
5	The Cesar salad is one of the beat I've ever eaten.  Didn't have anything other than a lollipop passion drink which was very fruity and bubbly. Great atmosphere, service and great place for an afternoon cocktail.
