4	This is a great place.  All the steaks are really good.  They have some seafood there as well and a huge list of wines.  You have to order the sides separate from the steaks.  It's on the high end scale and expensive, but what do you expect in Scottsdale?  They have a great choice of drinks and a great atmosphere.  The only downside is that it's kind of dark and loud.  I was sitting at a table and I could barely here the person across from me.  All around fantastic steakhouse!
5	This was a great steak.  I got their signature bone-in filet and it was fabulous.  Cooked perfectly, monstrously thick cut.  Excellent.  We had a nice bottle of wine and split salads and sides between the group.  It was pricey, about $100 per person, I think.  We also had several beers, as this was a bachelor party dinner, just to give you an idea of what we got for the money.  We were all full and satisfied at the end.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a top end steakhouse.  They have a nice bar area too with tons of beautiful women.  Not a bad place to hang out while you're waiting for your table.
5	Hands down easily one of the best steakhouse's Ive ever been to. Every year when I am in Scottsdale, I HAVE to go to this place! Service is great and the steaks are even better. Be ready to drop a few extra pennies, but its well worth it! They have this seafood appetizer tower that starts off the meal perfectly! Great assortment of food!!! Great bar as well- you really don't even need to sit down at a table- the place is very entertaining and it seems like they only allow gorgeous women into the place- CANT COMPLAIN ONE BIT!
5	Great service, better food.
5	I say best steak in Arizona until someone can demonstrate otherwise.Bone-in filet is the best steak there. Trust me, we ordered all of them.
5	This is the best restaurant in the state of Arizona, the food, the staff, the decor, this is the total package! The best also comes with a price you can expect from the best, but you dont eat here every night. Treat yourself, whether its boys night out, a special occasion, or you just so happen to be in town and need a darn good meal this is the place. The bone in filet is my suggestion as rarely in life does one come across a bone in fliet. I dont know how you can save room for dessert, so just force it down, its all great!
4	Ladies if you're looking for a sugar daddy, you're bound to find him at this Scottsdale steakhouse. While there's no denying that the steaks are tops. I'm more of a fan of the bar atmosphere. My friend and I cruised into the see-and-be-seen restaurant for a drink recently and within in a matter of minutes, we were approached by a group of  sharply-dressed guys in their late 40s. We politely declined their invitation for dinner and drinks, but their next target group -- three buxom blondes who appeared to be in their early 20s -- took them up on the offer. If you're planning to come for simply cocktails, be sure to bring some extra cash because drinks are pricey. And if you order a martini, try the fruity flirtini, it's my favorite.
5	We LOOOOOOVE this steakhouse. The service isn't over the top like I'd expect, but I really do love the steaks. It's so tender and wonderful, and absolutely the most fabulous presentation... the plates are pre-warmed, and OH! the bread and ohmygodit'sjustsoeffinggood...I just exploded a little. You get the picture.
5	(This is copied and pasted over from the old "Drinkwater's City Hall", as they're now under operation by Mastro's City Hall)We LOOOOOOVE this steakhouse. The service isn't over the top like I'd expect, but I really do love the steaks. It's so tender and wonderful, and absolutely the most fabulous presentation... the plates are pre-warmed, and OH! the bread and ohmygodit'sjustsoeffinggood...I just exploded a little. You get the picture.
5	This is hands down my favorite steakhouse.  Great service, great atmosphere.  I was a regular customer of this place, at least once a month until I moved away.  I always requested to be in Allan's section.  He is a great server.Seating can be tight, especially during peak hours.  Everything on the menu is a la carte, but the serving size is generous.  There are so many things on the menu (and not on the menu) that I would recommend......splurge on the lobster mashed potato dish....the shrimp cocktail is always a favorite....(their atomic horseradish is ridiculous, but I can't stay away from it).....and they have a great Riesling by Kuhl.  (Jacked up price as always but difficult to find in stores).If you've been to Morton's or Flemings, try this place.  It's waaaay better.
2	Went here for a girlfriends birthday on Saturday with a large group.  Need to preface this with that statement because it is difficult to get a large group all on the same page.  Some of the group was more interested in the football game in the bar, people having conversations etc.  Our waiter came by initially to take drink orders and let us know that he would be taking care of our table.  When he came back to the table we let him know that they could break down our table because two people were not going to show up.  He displayed visible irritation.  There must have been some kind of confusion because the waiter must have been waiting for the rest of our group to return from watching the football game at the bar before taking our appetizer or dinner order.  We could see that he was getting very irritated with our table so we ordered about 4 or 5 appetizers and more drinks.  And I do recall telling him that the people at the bar will probably not come back till the game is over.  My girlfriend then said to the waiter that we were very sorry and to please not be irritated with us because we had been there a hour and not ordered dinner yet.   He looked at her and said in a very nasty voice that this was how he made his money.... We were stunned that he said that to us.  There was a dead silence at our table.  We were aware of what was going on with our table and would have treated him very well.  Once he said that I had no interest in increasing our tab for his benefit.  I was already full from all the appetizers so I decided not to order a entree and neither did the rest of the table.  I have been here before and have had a enjoyable time... I don't know if the waiter was having a bad day or what.  Not acceptable customer service!
5	On a Saturday night, grab 6-8 of your closest friends, roll up early and park yourself in the bar for the evening.  Park yourself because the martinis are endless and well maybe that's why everything is so fun at City Hall!   They literally come with a shaker.  Great Lemondrop Martinis (they make the lemon flavored vodka themselves) and one of the best petite filets I've had around town.  There is always a Michael Bublee/Sinatra guy singing the night away and plenty of seats for your beau or date for the evening to watch the game while the girls people watch.  The service can be iffy if you get too into cocktails and neglect to order much food, but generally such a great spot. So put on your favorite dress and sip martinis at city hall this Saturday night!
5	The steak was so good I started having heart palpitations.  Oh my god, I don't even know where to begin.  The dining room is beautiful.  The service was flawless.  And the food was out of this world.  Really tremendous.  The ahi tuna tartar?  Amazing.  The bone-in-fillet? Amazing.  Lobster mashed potatoes?  Are you kidding me?  Ridiculous.  By far, the best steak I have ever had.  Better than Flemings, Capital Grill, Morton's, Ruth Chris, Durant's, El Chorro...  Seriously.  You are looking at about $100/head including drinks (not wine) and it is worth every penny.  I'm going to go pass out now.
3	Not really impressed with the service but the food was great.  I went there with my boyfriend expecting one of the best meals of our life.  Our reservation was later, we were sat at a bad table and before we could tell the waitress we weren't satisfied she was gone.  The food was exceptional!  Tuna tar tar was great, not that much tuna a lot of avo and crunchy things.  Beefsteak tomato, fab as always.  The fillet was amazing...BUT it comes with melted butter on it (Ruth's Chris like) and doesn't say that on the menu and the plates are at 400 degrees, I was almost sweating.  The baked potato was okay...we were treated different because we weren't 40, the waiter screwed up our drinks and rushed us.  Like I said the food was good a couple of surprises we would have liked to know about but the service and experience was marginal.  Don't get yourself to psyched up about it.
4	Steak=astounding. I always order the filet. It's shockingly good. Be careful, though, the plates will give you a 2nd degree burn if you aren't careful. I had a scar for months from my run-in with one--apparently I have a pretty high pain threshold. The bread basket? If you aren't stuffed after being in the vicinity of one, I'm disappointed in you. The sides? Don't make me describe the macaroni and cheese, I start drooling uncontrollably and we both know that isn't attractive. The desserts? Three words: warm butter cake. Delish. But, did I mention the steaks? Oh mama....The bar area is well-stocked with assorted older ladies who are looking for their freshly-pressed Hawaiian shirt wearing meal tickets, complete with a live band that sings "hits" from the 70s. Try to get a seat so you can watch the action on the dance floor from your table (or sit in one of the small tables that face the bar if you can't get enough Elton John or Barry Manilow in your life.) Super-entertaining. You can order the full-menu from the bar, if you decide to camp out there. It's pricey, but in my opinion, a lot better than many steakhouse options out there. Enjoy.
4	This place was packed on a Tuesday night. Granted it was during Spring Training, but I don't think they have a problem filling the joint. It's got a great atmosphere. The bar seemed fun with live music playing and lots of people enjoying themselves. The food... If you love enormous portion sizes, then this is your place. I had the petite fillet and couldn't finish it, which I was very sad about because it was one of the best steaks I've ever had. My husband had the bone in fillet, which was terrific as well. For sides we just ordered one because we knew we wouldn't be able to finish more than that. We had the crab gnocchi, which was great, but a little too rich for me -- not the restaurant's fault - bad ordering on our part. We didn't have room for dessert. Oh, one of the reasons we didn't have room for dessert is because we ate too much of the amazing bread basket they bring you. Pretzel bread, olive bread, amazing sourdough rolls - all worth trying. The service was OK. Definitely some room for improvement. Overall though, the experience was good and you can't dock them for the service because the food shines. This place would be great on an expense account.
4	For fans of Flemings and Ruth's Chris, this is the place.  The menus are all pretty much interchangeable.  They make a very tasty steak.  But I, personally, find steaks, spinach salads, baked potatoes, and steamed veggies boring.  No creativity involved.  Their desserts are wonderful and totally interesting.   This may be a place to see-and-be-seen (ho hum), but it's another upscale steakhouse.   Excellent steaks, to be sure, but a steakhouse.  Third visit and this was the first time that service wasn't up to par.  No one bothered to refill coffee, took quite awhile for plates to be cleared, etc.  Maybe one of the busboys called in sick?
3	This is a review of the bar only..I have eaten here and it is hit or miss don't get the stone crabs very weak, over priced..We show up to the bar and get a seat..Service is very spotty..Wine by the glass expensive and not worth while.  how about some good half bottle choices?  The band that night, a nice 3 piece outfit very good..but then we are treated to a very drunk, strange bald guy who takes the mike.  I only point out that he is bald in case you see him there..he is a regular and "Clean" as he was known in college does not disappoint.  He comes and makes a fool of himself, and the staff accept it as he tips everyone so they let this drunk slide.  In the meantime he is whopping and all over the place..Nice! If you are over 40 this is a good spot for sure.  If all this is not enough the worst kept secret here is that the bar after 10pm has hookers..It is fun to watch old guys(I'm 38) 50+ make time with the bevy of women for hire..Again the staff accept this as it does bring in their demographic of wealthy older gentlemen and just so you know I am not complaining just pointing it out for the viewer.  I accept everyone ad if this is how you make a living fine by me.  I just think it odd in a semi-classy place they would allow it that's all.  I guess with all the competition now you gotta have a hook(or hooker!)
5	Best food ever.  EVER!!!  We had enormous cocktails that are poured at your table and they give you the shaker too so you basically have 2 drinks in one go.  Then we ordered shrimp cocktail and these shrimp were so large I think they might have been baby lobsters, not shrimp.  They come out in a big glass dish with dry ice fog wafting out in a very dramatic fashion.  We went ahead and ordered the garlic mashed potatoes with LOBSTER mixed in.  It's ridiculous.  If you are ever on death row or given just a few days left to live, drop everything and order those lobster mashed potatoes.  I still fantasize about them when I have a hard time getting to sleep and need to go to my happy place.  We had the bone-in filet which is pretty unbeatable.  We are on a quest to find the best steak in the country, and after sampling Mastros we have a contender for the shortlist.  Definitely check this place out!
5	Ok so us 5 hot chix got all dolled up for dinner at City Hall it was about 7 when we arrived on Saturday. The service was top notch from the get go starting with the valet. We were seated by a pleasant hostess in the large main room. Our waiter was an entertaining gentleman, that's one huge plus I have to say about Mastro's is they "usually" have seasoned wait staff they really know their product.They brought us the great basket of warm breads, we ordered bottled water for all and a bottle of some 06 Sauv Blanc that was mighty tasty. It was impossible to have an empty glass this night!Everyone had fillet's but me of course, I mainly had apps, side's, wine and desert ;) I did try the seared ahi tuna it was ok I wasn't too impressed with it though. Beefsteak tomato & mozz (see pics) very yummy! The creamed corn, sauteed asparagus and mash were all very good!! I couldn't talk anyone into the lobster mash or any caviar boohoo me. =(  Everyone loved their meal!!My g/f was coming back from the bathroom and missed a step or something somehow she lost her shoe but there was a busser or someone right behind her he picked it up for her and even put it back on for her! Now that is what I call 5 Star Service!!We had creme brle they served it with various fresh berries and a huge bowl of their fresh made whip cream yum-gasm's were had all around. While Mastro's is not my top choice since I am not a "Steakhouse kinda girl" it was all good stuff. They always play some  Michael Bubl and who doesn't just love him!?! It was about 3 bills total and we went home with doggy bags and full tummy's.P.S.  I had their sweet potato fries they were good but I like the ones at Fez better....just sayin. (O_o)
5	I would put this up against the best steak in NY.  Wolfgang's in NY still gets my top place but Mastro's City Hall is great.  Incredible steak and sides.  I had the bone in ribeye which was cooked perfectly.  Great cut of meat.  Also had a tremendous bowl of delicious lobster mashed potatos.  Beware of all the butter though...there is plenty of it!Entertainment in the lounge area is great too.  Not your typical lounge singer but a guy playing the guitar along with a pianist will entertain you all night with Top 40 hits in a lounge singer fashion.
5	I'm with Matthew R. I'd put City Hall up against any Steakhouse in town! The service is consistent I always feel special. The couple times I have had a problem, management/waitstaff are extremely responsive and accommodating. I frequent CH sometimes upwards of 3x a month, so a problem here or there is nothing. I will say this for the calorie conscious eater, nothing is low-cal! Ok maybe the steamed asparagus and broccoli. But if you want less butter in your sauteed spinach...or cheese in your cauliflower gratin.... just ask! Bon Appetite!Natalie's F*#! the Recession Tips:Since the portions are so large anyway...split it!!Sometimes I go alone or with a friend after work and sit at the bar.  When I'm not in the mood for a big meal, I just order off the appetizer menu. The Steak Sashimi ($12) is delicious and quite filling actually. This app is soy marinated steak sliced and served over wasabi mashed potatoes. Sometimes I'll add an app-sized salad and I'm gooooood!!
4	Great steaks at a great location.  Sides are just OK.  Sometimes the service seems hurried and not too personal but overall a great place to get your steak on.
5	Easily one of the best steaks I've ever had.  We started with the seared scallops, which were delicious.  They come out in a bowl soaked in a butter/wine/garlic sauce along with bread to dip.  Ordering was a tough decision.  We each ordered the filet (no brainer), but deciding on sides was tough.  Initially I had planned on the Gorgonzola mac and cheese based on the other reviews here (and the two girls who sat next to us salivating over their side dish), but they had a special side...Lobster Mashed Potatoes.  Basically a half pound of lobster meat in butter soaked mashed potatoes.  Holy crap was it good.  But now we have to go back again to try the mac and cheese.Excellent food and service.
5	Wow, this place is AWESOME!!!! This is another place you'll go and feel like you're in one of the great Steak houses of New York or Chicago. There is enough variety of seafood and meat dishes on the mwnu to satisfy even the most particular palate. This all comes at a price, as Mastro's takes the a la carte concept to a new level. You will pay additional for any side-unless a sizzling hot dish (DON'T TOUCH-YOU WILL BURN YOURSELF) of meat, with NOTHING else is all you crave. That being said, the sides are more than generous with each side being plenty for up to three or four people. You would be hard pressed to find a more tender or succulent piece of filey anywhere in town. The service is good, the atmosphere nice and fancy. There is a decent three person band providing entertainment, and more than one Scottsdale Cougar was cutting a rug. This is really a fancy, top-dining spot. Classy atmosphere, great food good service. You could not go wrong here if you're in the mood to splurge on dinner. You will want to undo your belt a knotch or two though before you leave as you will be full!
4	Love to come, without the kids of course.  Great steaks and sides.  Good wine and desserts.  Yummy.  Yes the lobster mash. Music is good.  I will say that Camelback Mountain is more like a hill.  Fun town to come too. Nice folks.
5	I am "dragged" to this place at least once every 2 weeks by my "dining partner" who loves their steaks. Being the vegetarian that I am, I have never had one but I can find plenty on the menu to eat. ( I do eat fish). First of all they have the best bread in town. I especially love the pretzel bread. Its hard to keep my hands out of that basket! Since I am from Michigan, I was surprised to find Lake Superior Whitefish on the menu! My favorite fish! Just because of that they get 5 starts. I love the way they prepare it with the white wine, capers and butter! Yum yum! Basically all of their fish is fantastic but I do have to say for such a quality place, why do they have farm raised Salmon on the menu?? They often do have a "special" of Wild Alaskan though. As far as the sides,I loved gnocchi and crab until I ate so much of it. Now my fav is the lobster mashed potato's....so decadent!They also have my "favoritest" dessert in town, the warm vanilla cake thing with strawberries. It is a must have and is tooooo die for! Well worth the calories! Cheers!
4	Sitting outside on the patio was the best decision we made. They have a nice modern fireplace and heat lamps when it gets cold. It's fully walled off and intimate. They had a great live band too. The decor of the place is great, I especially liked the bar with reddish glass all around. It's one of the first things you notice about the restaurant and I do have to say, they've done it right. Our party shared the gigantic seafood tower with oysters, prawns, king crab legs, crab claws, and lobster as an appetizer. It was a 3-tiered UFO looking thing that landed on our table, complete with dry ice smoking at the top. I'm not the hugest fan of lobster or crab but my dining partners thought it was excellent. I enjoyed the prawns and oysters immensely.The Swordfish I ordered left something to be desired (don't know what I was thinking ordering fish at a steakhouse) but I didn't like it very much, it was bland and a bit too firm for my liking. I also was disappointed to see farmed salmon on the menu, and it wasn't cheap either! I wouldn't expect farmed fish at any restaurant this expensive.However the sides we got were TO DIE FOR! The lobster mashed potatoes and crab gnocchi made up for the fish. They were so decadent and insanely tasty, each bite was like a piece of heaven, and I don't even like crab or lobster by themselves so that's saying a lot!! Our server recommended the butter cake with ice cream on top. It came with a vat of homemade whipped cream, larger than the size of the cake to dip it in. You could have given me a spoon and I would have just eaten the whipped cream alone! Also had the creme brule. I've had better but it was still good.  It was definitely spendy. Don't know if all the food is necesarally worth the price but I would go back just for the sides and also to do it proper and get a steak!
5	Drinkwaters is the best steak ever.   Ive been here a few times and im always impressed.  The service is always great, food is always fantastic, and wine list is very impressive.  If you go, you will not leave unimpressed.  Also make sure to get the lobster mashed potatoes if they have them.
5	To celebrate our anniversary, the boyfriend and I ventured out to Mastro's City Hall for dinner.  Do not let the businesslike exterior fool you...this is a beautiful, fine dining restaurant.  Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted by the hostess and escorted to our table.  Didn't have a chance to check out the patio or bar, but I will say the dining room is gorgeous.  Low, but not dark, lighting.  Music piped in from the piano in the lounge, I believe??  Tables that seem packed in the room but have plenty of room between to allow you to move around.  We were seated at a two top, which I usually do not like, especially when there are fours available.  I understand why restaurants do this, but the tables are usually so small that we run out of room quickly.  This table, however, had more than enough space.  As the hostess seated us, she asked us what color napkin we'd prefer, black or white.  Never experienced that before.  I'm sure there is some sort of fancy-schmancy etiquette rule about which napkin is better, but we aren't really fancy-schmancy people.  We stuck with the white napkins that were already on the table.  Next we were given menus and greeted by the server who asked about a drink order.  I asked for water while I perused the wine list and the bf had a jack and coke.  What the waiter returned with was a water and a glass of jack (nearly full) and a bottle of coke.  A jack with a splash of coke just like he likes them.  The bf was happy.  Let me cover the service aspect of our evening.  Our server was awesome.  Very professional, educated and willing to educate us first timers on the menu and specials.  He made an excellent wine recommendation and helped us choose the apps for our seafood tower.  Additionally, it was also election night and we debated even going out as opposed to staying in and watching the returns.  But, the server kept us updated with results on a regular basis from the bar tv.  Yay!  Back up staff was generally good about filling water, clearing tables, etc.  But sometimes it felt like we were being rushed.  Staff approached the table to see if we were finished when we were obviously still eating.  Like actually chewing with food still on the plate.  Nothing too major, but I would expect better here.Ok, food...We had the seafood tower (shrimp, oysters, lobster), filets, asparagus and....wait for it, wait for it....the lobster mashed potatoes!  The seafood tower made a dramatic entrance complete with dry ice.  Again the server was very accommodating and helpful.  He made great recommendations and basically was able to create this dish as we wanted it.  Everything was delicious and the creamy mustard sauce was phenomenal.  I would choose that over cocktail sauce anytime.  I had the petite filet and the bf had the regular.  Both were cooked perfectly and melted in our mouths.  Also, the bf's steak seemed much larger than 12 oz.  Asparagus was bright green, firm but tender.  If you read the reviews here, people are raving about the potatoes.  With good reason...they are delectable.  Ridiculously good.  Seriously, my mouth is watering right now.  Do not fret if you don't see them on the menu.  They are a special item that they almost always have.  We paired a bottle of Cab with our entree which was very nice as well.  After dinner was cleared, we gladly boxed up our leftover mashers (seriously it could serve 4 easily).  I thought we were ready to go, but out came a slice of delicious chocolate cake as a treat for our anniversary.  We didn't order this, they just brought it out.  Regardless of what kind of restaurant you are at, this is always a nice touch.  Even with our best efforts there was no way we were going to finish the cake so after a few bites that went in a box as well.  In spite of the earlier rushed feeling, once we finished our meal we were left alone to finish our drinks.  This was easily one of the best meals I've ever had.  It is spendy, so we won't be back often.  But we will be back again and be recommending it to all our friends.  ps...the bf paid so I can't really complain, but those take home boxes??  They made it home, but I've never seen them again. :)
5	Three words: Lobster Mashed Potatos!I love this place ! (When someone else picks up the tab!)
5	After many moons I a fellow yelper has settled in Scottsdale, AZ. So for your own good please hide the cake and cookies. Mastro's City Hall was the first place I have had the pleasure of visiting I was SHOCKED, do you hear me SHOCKED, that this place was living up to the hyped that I read and was told. Host: Very friendly and knowledgeable about the place, a party of five of us walked in on a Thursday night around seven (with Reservations). This is where I'm going to have to nick pick a little though, I hate when restaurants have a computer system that they have to pull up your name and want to know what your first pet was and how many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie roll lollipop. I gave you my name on the phone and I gave it to you when I enter the place....That is all that's needed, now please sit me and feed me. But she was doing her job with a smile so I played along and gave her my life story and even after the part when i told her about this one time in band camp.......nevermind. We got sat and was told to enjoy. Service: The service was what i would expect from a steakhouse with the rep it has. Pretentious, snotty, but very professional. We had a wonderful female server who suggested wine and appetizers and specials, the perfect server, until we order the wine. My party weren't big drinkers so we ordered a simply bottle of wine 65.00, nothing fancy(two of us weren't drinking) she seemed a little put off that we didn't order from the "Upscale" wine list. Since I love looking around and seeing what everyone one else was doing I notice are server dealing with her other table of 6 gentleman who did order a 200.00 dollar bottle of wine and the 100.00 dollar appetizer giving a little special attention and a lot bigger smile. But those be the brinks I guess. But in the long run she got our food right and had it to us in the proper order and keep my tea full! Food: The food was great from the scallions to the fillet, even to my rare rib-eye, everything was hot and cooked to the way we wanted. We ordered 3 sides dishes, the scallion potatoes, mushrooms and asparagus was great. I'm normally able to talk someones ear off, but when it comes to the food here you just have to try it cause its so good. Valet: Maybe I'm just being picky here and if I am, please forgive me but... are you serious about the valets!! For a place like this they should act more professional. One spent the whole time flirting with some girl even as we were getting out of the car, two guys were just standing there and didn't even open the doors, that was just dropping it off. leaving the place we had to try to see if the guy talking on the phone could take his time away from talking to get our car. I'm just saying with the price and service I just received I expect the valets to be a little more attentive. Overall: Park your own car, make reservations and be prepared to have a great meal with great service(Superior service if you order a 200.00 dollar bottle of wine). In fact i already have reservations for next Saturday!!!
5	I really love steak.  I really love prime rib.  I really wish I could form coherent thoughts about how good this steak was.I can't.  You really have to try it out for yourself.Now if you will excuse me, my drool is going to ruin my keyboard.
4	Always great food. Good location, plenty of parking. The staff is generally friendly and knowledgeable. I did have a bad experience at the one in Beverly Hills, but never in AZ.  Pretty pricey but I think well worth it. Enjoy!
5	Took the ladies here to celebrate a belated birthday and grad school acceptance. Made reservations online with notes stating such occasions. Lovely place, very modern with the music of Frank Sinatra playing in the background. From start to finish, service was wonderful! Our waiter was very funny & charming. We started w/the bread - 4 varieties to choose from Appetizer - Tuna Tartare - perfect blend of tuna, wonton pieces, spices & avocado. Entrees - Rib-eye: melt in your mouth, perfectly seasoned bites of perfection! If you prefer medium rare, order it rare. The plates are 400 degrees and will continue to cook your meat throughout the meal. Petit filet - tender, soft, delish but not as good as the rib-eye. Sides - sauteed asparagus - sweet & crisp Lobster mashed potatoes - I was drooling when our waiter described the dish however, a little on the salty side. Next time, I'll go for the garlic mash. Once we asked for the dessert menu, our waiter overheard me say I wanted the creme brulee..a few minutes later, out came the 2 desserts: my first choice and chocolate cake with "Happy Birthday and Congratulations" respectively written at the top of each plate. I appreciated the fact that they took the time to read my notes on OpenTable - not to mention comping the desserts. Cherry on top? Having the Tampa Bay Lightning Hockey team join our table. Definitely a memorable experience!
4	Is this place fancy? yes. Is this place expensive? yes... Is it worth it? yes, well at least once. The ambiance is unlike olther steakhouses. It is very modern and upscale, yet does not have that dark steakhouse feel. The service is perfect. While I dined there i felt like a king. The waiter was very helpful and professional, yet also friendly.The only drawback was the food. While it was very good, it wasn't great, and for the prices I expected greatness. My steak, which was the New York Strip was good, and cooked to perfection but lacked flavor. In other words I have had a better cut of meat. My girl on the other hand had the Filet, which was outstanding. It also was cooked to perfection and had the flavor my steak was missing. The best parts of the meal though were the Calamari appetizer and the Lobster Mashed potatoes. If you go there and just get one thing get the lobster mashed...They are worth it. Would I go back here, yes, would I get the New York Strip no, but the sides and service and general feel of the place makes it worth the four star rating. Just keep in mind you will spend lots of money, but you will feel like royalty and get your moneys worth.
3	I would love to give City Hall five stars.  However, it is not "as good as it gets."  In fact, I wouldn't even say "I'm a fan."  So three stars it is, because, yes, it's A-OK.Why the low rating?  Because when you go to a restaurant like this your standards should be high.  What you should not experience is a steak that is undercooked (ridiculously so.  and this is coming from a guy who will eat rare if it's on his plate.) and a waiter who gets pissy when you mention it.  My sister in law had this happen to her and when we told the server, he used a fork to stab the steak and pick it up to put in on another plate and take it back to recook it.  Ghetto.The next time we went there we were stuck in some whack back room that must be where they keep the meat during the off-peak because it was freezing.  So I haven't had the best experiences with City Hall.  But, if money is no object, they do generally serve a tasty steak--that is, if they don't screw it up.
5	THIS IS THE BEST STEAKHOUSE -- I am in love. Everything is AMAZING. We started off with the ahi tuna tartare and it was delicious! I absolutely enjoyed every bite. And the bone-in fillet is a MUST. There is nothing quite like it. The marrow juice glazes the cut giving it a unique flavorful juice. Next was the lobster mashed potato and that was HUGE - mixed with butter and garlic with real chunks of lobster. We had sauteed mushrooms for sides. The amount of food for two people was overwhelming. AND for someone, like myself, who does not like to take leftovers back -- we attempted to devour everything and still managed to save enough room for the chocolate raspberry cake. Thick dark chocolate cake topped with chocolate syrup and a couple strawberries. DELICIOUS.
5	I like this place much better than Ruth Chris's, Flemings, or Mortons. Cool dining room, great steaks, and creamed spinach- my favorite! Good location, excellent service, been here about 5 times and its been a while, so I need to get back here! Nice place to take out of towners because its not a chain and its very, very good!
5	This is the best restaurant in Scottsdale.  The food is always excellent and the service timely and friendly.  Prices are reasonable considering the quality, but some may disagree.  I absolutely love this place.
3	The Beautiful Carin and I ventured out for steak a couple of nights ago and ended up walking over to Drinkwater's.We hadn't been there for several months, but I love the fact that it's walking distance (so I can have a couple of single malts and not have to worry about the drive home).We sat out on the patio and the fire was going and the weather was cool, but not cold, really pleasant (although I would like for things to get a touch warmer...but, that's a quibble). The ambiance is nice both inside the restaurant and out on the patio (nice fireplace!).We started with scotch and martini's and they do pour a nice drink! I was pleasantly buzzing by the time we got our salads. The steaks were very good, and we always stick to the simple steak and salad formula when we go to Drinkwater's (BTW, is there really any other cut besides a bone in Rib-eye? Honestly, I was born and raised on a cattle ranch and there just isn't a better cut for steak, IMHO:).The service was very good, as always, and the drinks, salads, steaks and sides arrived hot (or cold as necessary), and on time.Drinkwater's ( I know, it's Mastro's now, but old habits are hard to break) is good place for a simple steak and salad. The do it very well. A little on the expensive side (approx. $250 for the 2 of us), and as always, for that kind of dough, I need to be thinking "foodgasm" for 4-5 stars, but a very credible steakhouse.
5	Fantastic.You must order your steak one grade more rare to accommodate the 400 degree serving plates.With a party of ten, some of whom came late, others had to leave early, it was flawless.  Thanks Maestro's.  MUCH less pretentious than the Beverly Hills location.
5	Very high quality.  Had the lobster mashed potatoes, some greens, and the bone-in filet.  All were incredibly delicious.  I've eaten at some of the nice places in town, but so far I think this one is the best.
4	I think I had really high expectations because this place was rated #1 on Yelp and I read in magazines that this was the best steakhouse in AZ.  The place is kind of located on the outskirts of Old Scottsdale where all the bars and stores are located but as I walked in, it was packed with people.  There is a huge bar area and live music playing all night long.  I ordered the bone in filet medium rare but it was cooked almost medium which I was a little unhappy about but the steak was very flavorful, soft and tasted really good.  The plate comes out extremely hot and I didn't want my steak to be cooked too much so the waiter put it on a cold plate.  I also ordered the lobster mashed potatoes because I was told it was extremely good but no one told me it would cost as much as my steak...  Most sides costs around $10 but this side cost me $35 which I didn't know because it was the special and not listed on the menu.  For that price, I was really disappointed with it because it was good but not that good.  I also got the sugar snap peas which cost me $10 and I thought it was better than the lobster mashed potatoes.  I also tried some of my friend's rack of lambs and it was pretty good too.  The service was really good and our waiter kept checking on us.  They even gave us a complimentary dessert which was their butter cake with vanilla icecream and it was really good.  Overall, I thought it was a good steakhouse but I think I expected better.
2	Good steak place. Nothing special. A bit pricey. Hard to find parking. Good wine selection tho.
3	Alright, I went there on an evening after a 5 hour flight from Miami and just had dinner on the plane (yeah, some airlines still do that in less than Taco Bell quality).Somebody took me there as she was super hungry, talked me into ordering a steak and promised me the band was playing cool music. Well, besides the band who was probably a bit miss guided in ther music taste, I have to admit, the food was good, and hey, the bread basket is awesome.But, boy, is that place loud. Must be the architecture or something, but I had a hard time to entertain a normal conversation in the dining area. Please, owners, enhance this place acoustically and I will come back.Oh, and one of the major value proposition of modern steakhouses is actually their biggest drawback. The steak is served on a freakishly hot plate, and once you applied the emergency kit band aids to your fingers, the medium rare piece of meat turned into medium well. Not good.
5	All I have to say is Med Rare bone in filet!!!!! Scotch selection is not bad as well.
5	Mastros consistently delivers exemplary food and service at all their restaurants. The sommelier was not as helpful or patient at this location as I am used to at Mastros and suggested I decant a Bordeaux  I know as being perfectly balanced right out of the bottle with no need of decanting and while it didnt ruin the wine, it took away from it. Regardless, it is a fantastic restaurant and next time I go in, I will give the sommelier another chance to impress me, maybe then I will edit my review. Also, the wine mark-up at Mastros is above the "standard", but that is made up for by their provision of a sommelier...
5	Best steak money can buy within the 20-Mile radius of its location.  Been there multiple times and the quality and the taste have been excellent each and every time.  Since ocean club is also in town, providing good quality and fresh sea food has always been one of their top qualities. I do recommend a sea food tower,  and a lobster mashed potatoes for every dine.It's well decorated and the lighting has been set for the atmosphere and the crowd.  If you sit at the bar area, holding a conversation can become challenging at times.Service has plenty of room for improvement;  Warmer staff will definitely help this manner; I do understand a few minutes of wait before getting seated, but every time has been at least 15-25minutes which  becomes very slightly annoying at times, but it will give you an excellent opportunity to have a drink or two at the bar and try one or couple of their Mojitos which are excellent while waiting;Staff members  are very knowledgable.Overall, when you desire a good steak for dinner, or a place to start off your night, this place could be an option.This place will get 5 stars for where it's located;
5	This may be a superfluous review, as there were lots with high marks already, but I can't resist adding my two cents...My parents, my husband and I ate here as a celebration for my graduation from my doctoral program back in March.  We were still on East-coast time, so we ate earlier than many - probably around 6 or so.  We parked ourselves - which even in high heels wasn't too far.  There were a few other tables seated ahead of us, but we certainly didn't have to wait to be seated.Our server was friendly and polite the whole evening, even as it got quite busy.  The martini I had was the biggest martini I have ever been served at a restaurant.  The server brought the shaker over and left it at the table - it was enough to fill two very large martini glasses.  Woah!I am lucky enough to have had many an excellent steak, and the filet at Mastro's was at least as good as the best I've ever had - if not better.  (And I'm inclined to go with the latter.)  All the food at the table was delicious, and we all enjoyed our meals tremendously.  Although, I must say, after two huge martinis, and wine with dinner, I don't remember what anyone had for dessert.  *blushes* Anyway,  my experience was absolutely fantastic and I would clearly dine there again if I had the chance.
4	Each time we travel it seems that we always need to hit up a steakhouse (in the States of course, international travel is a total different story). So it was no exception when we came to Phoenix last month. I ended up ordering a steak and it was huge! Gave 3/4 of it to my boss's boss. The lobster mash was to die for... yums!The drinks here were pretty good but pretty expensive. I think one of the cocktails we had was $16 each. Yikes! The service was exceptional of course. They consistently refilled our drinks and folded our napkins each time we got up to use the restroom. The ambiance was pretty hip and romantic and perfect to take someone on a date. The price is pretty high tho - so be prepared to break  your wallet quite a bit.
5	This is where it's at.  Guys... the definition of "wine and dine"... yes go here!  I believe it is now called "Drinkwaters"... but it's still one of the mastro's so I don't care what they call it, this place is awesome!!!  The steak comes sizzling on the plate, you can smell it from across the room.  Fancy, classy, but still laid back... you can wear your cutest pair of jeans :)  Cool atmosphere with some live music, a busy bar, fireplace, and then a white tablecloth, service at it's best, low-light dining room.  Perfect date spot if you want to spend a penny or two and really impress her.   The seafood tower is TO DIE FOR.  You have to order a steak for your main course and the warm butter cake is the perfect finale.  Oh City Hall... I dream of you often..........
5	This isn't the type of place that I could afford to eat at once a week, but there can't be a better place to go for a celebratory meal or special occasion. A group of friends and family and I went here, and I gotta say it lived up to it's reputation. I expected a snooty server, but the one that came to the table was actually really cool. We started with an amazing tower of seafood appetizer complete with fist sized shrimp and lobster claws. Then there was the steak. Every single cut sounded delicious, but one stood out for me... the twelve ounce bone-in Filet Mignon. It was like a little slice of heaven. Perfectly prepared and excellently presented, it could've been cut with a spoon. The sides were served family style and were also very good (asparagus and lobster mashed potatoes). The server explained the cooking process and everything about how they obtain and prepare the meat, which was very cool. This was one of the classiest restaurants I've ever been to and I hope I get to go back soon...
5	My dad is amazing. You know how guys always fear girls with "Daddy Issues" because they're usually extremely effed up after being utterly neglected by their father throughout their formative childhood and therefore seek the approval of men via ridiculous drama-filled dating antics for the rest of their life? Yeah, I'm not one of those people. My dad is one of my best friends. I even started giving him the fist bomb, complete with the added explosion, to celebrate our comradery. My dad comes into Phoenix to visit me about twice a year. Clearly, I bookmark the most expensive places that I could never go but would really like to visit for times when I know he will be in town. Mastro's was one of those places. He took me and about 8 of my closest friends out to dinner here and it ranks as one of the greatest meals of my life.  We started with a the seafood tower that came with unbelievably fresh seafood (even for non-arizona standards) complete with a dry ice presentation that made us the center of attention for at least 15 seconds.  Heellllls yeah.  The food was amazing, but at $50 a plate, it should be, so I won't elaborate too much. What was surprisingly awesome was our server. He wasn't at all stuffy or condescending, looking at our table of many twenty somethings accompanied by one somewhat obnoxious 50 year old (my dad).  He even politely played along with my dad's joke of leaving a Giant Eagle "Frequent Shopper" card as payment for our bill of well over $500.  One of the best nights of my life, period. If I can ever afford it again, I wouldn't hesitate to come back.
5	Delicious!!!  Everything we had was absolutely amazing ... best New York steak I've ever had - very juicy and flavorful.  We also ordered 3 sides - sauteed broccoli, garlic mash and mac and cheese, all of which were also excellent!  Our server suggested adding a jalapeno into the mac and cheese to give it some kick, but some people in our group don't eat spicy food, so we didn't.  But I imagine that would have made it even better.  Service was outstanding and I also love the ambiance.  We went on a Saturday night and they had live music in the bar area.  I'd definitely save this for a special occasion though as it was quite pricey.
5	First and for-most... Thank You Georgeann's dad! Probably collest guy ever! He took us all out to the most amazing dinner ever here! Everything we had was amazing! We first started off with the seafood tower that was insane! Oysters, crab, shrimp oh my! We then all ordered what cut of steak we wanted, and the most delicious sides ever. Crab stuffed mashed potatoes, need I say more? I finally understand the meaning of "melt in your mouth good!" My mouth is watering as I write this. I may never have the opportunity to go back, but I want to make sure to recommend City Hall, to anyone and everyone that is looking for a fantastic meal that is gonna cost you a bit. More than worth it!
5	What an unbelievable night we had at Mastro's City Hall Steakhouse. Everything we ate was top notch, the atmosphere is fun, and the service is spectacular. How many steakhouses play Jim Croce, Beatles, and Beach Boys? It's a very welcome change.It's dark, it's sexy, and it's probably the best steakhouse in Arizona. The seafood tower featured totally fresh and delicious oysters, crab legs, claws, and huge shrimp. My Kansas City Strip was out of this world and probably the best piece of meat I've had all year. Gorgonzola mac & cheese and sauteed mushrooms were real winners as well. I'm not a dessert person, but the warm butter cake should be illegal it's so good. I was stuffed already when it came to the table, and then I ate all of it. The only hiccup all night was our seafood tower was short a shrimp, and when I told the waiter don't worry about it he said ok, and then proceeded to bring us a fourth shrimp on it's own bed of ice. It was a really top notch recovery. This place is absolutely amazing.
5	The boyfriend took me to Mastro's City Hall for my birthday last night and I have to say this place may become a birthday tradition. I couldn't have asked for a better place to celebrate.First, they brought out a huge bread basket. The rolls were so fresh and delicious. The pretzel rolls are amazing. The perfect way to start. Then, we each got a petite filet and the mac and cheese and sweet potato fries for our sides. Everything was so good. The steak was done perfectly, very very tender and every bite was delicious. I usually add salt to my steak but this one was so flavorful I didn't need it. It comes on a hot plate, similar to Ruth's Chris but without the butter. The sides were tasty as well. The sweet potato fries were probably the best I've ever had and the mac and cheese was very decadent.  When my boyfriend made reservations he had mentioned it was my birthday. It was such a surprise when they came to the table with a huge slice of chocolate cake with "Happy Birthday Holly" written on the plate in chocolate. It really made the evening extra special.And the service was outstanding. Our water glasses were never less than half-full, the food was paced perfectly and our waiter was friendly and attentive. They even called today to make sure we had a good experience. You don't see that kind of follow up very often.I can't wait to visit Mastro's City Hall again. I may need to figure out an excuse to celebrate before my next birthday!
5	We travel quite a bit throughout the US and we both agree this is the BEST steakhouse we have ever enjoyed.  Seriously, they serve the best STEAK, the best gorgonzola mac and cheese, the best spicy caesar salad and the list goes on.  Amazing wine list and service.  Not a budget friendly place by any means but worth every penny if you can afford it.  We cannot recommend this place highly enough for entertaining customers or celebrating a special occasion.  YUM!
5	Best Bone-In Filet Mignon ever. I've been to the one in Scottsdale a few times and the one in Beverly hills, excellent every time.
5	Mmmm, Mastro's. It was my first time dining here (for a birthday celebration)  and it was amazing. The staff were excellent and put up with all of our shenanigans; after a day at the Oktoberfest festival, there were plenty of shenanigans to be had.I decided to start off with some oysters, which were quite fresh and hit the spot. But for the main course, I decided to take it to the turf and ordered the 12oz Bone in Filet. Un-fu@#ing-believable. So tender and juicy, this filet just melts in your mouth. As side dishes we ordered the lobster mashed potatoes and gorgonzola mac & cheese. I was expecting the potatoes to have a few chunks of lobster here and there, but in fact there was a ton of lobster. I even found an entirely intact piece of lobster claw-meat! And the mac & cheese was equally delicious.I highly recommend Mastro's if you are in the mood for a great steak (not to say their seafood isn't just as tasty). The ambiance is a little stuffy, but the staff did an excellent job of making everyone feel comfortable.
5	Went to City Hall for the first time last night....it was a GREAT time. Good experience, good service, beautiful facility, live music, and the food....oh - the yummy food! It was so good, someone stole a friend's leftovers from the patio when they walked away for a minute.  - I would definitely go back :)
5	I looooove steak... actually filet!!  This is hands down the best steak I've had. I grew up eating steaks at some of the best places in England but this topped the the best of them.  My former boss (very rich man) took myself and several co-workers to this place for a company meeting.  He was definitely a regular since he pretty much ordered for us.  Can't remember the name of the Cabernet he ordered but it was f*#king good!!!  We had the shrimp cocktail which was phenomenal made with King Prawns... let's just say massive!!!  You only get three in a glass but well worth it.  He suggested the bone in filet... Hmmm, bones? I am not fond of bones attached to my food but I didn't want to look stupid in front of my boss so I ordered it medium.  He ordered some sides, asparagus, mushroom, potatoes au gratin all very good but let's talk about the steak.... Only served with butter on a 400 degree pewter plate, the knife cut through it like butter and bite after bite it was juicy, tender and amazingly tasty!  Just try it...FYI-Service was impeccable.I don't remember dessert but I still have dreams about this steak.  Thanks Paul for introducing me to bones...I hear there is a location here in LA somewhere so I shall be going very soon... I can't wait!
3	The restaurant is beautiful and the service is excellent but for me when you spend this much money for steak you really wanted to be wowed, and my expectations fell short.  I even ordered their filet with bone-in which is what everyone tells you to get here. The meat quality was great, it just missed some seasoning or something to take it to the next level.Actually, I enjoyed the side dishes and desert better than the steak. This place was just ok, not great.
2	This is a $250 review, so bear with me, Brent. ;)Three stars.. but I like the "Meh" description that two stars invokes.Our server was not around as much as we would have liked him to be. After we were seated at our table it was quite a few minutes before he came around to take our drink orders. Then another few minutes (normal wait time plus a few extra minutes) before he came back with the drinks.The menu merely lists each dish with a price. There are no descriptions.Our server didn't suggest any of the more popular cuts of meat, didn't show us the raw tray. Didn't tell us if the beef is corn- or grass-fed. Didn't suggest any particular salads or sides. He just showed up ready to take the order. In his defense, however, I did have a few questions about the cut of beef I chose and how I might like to have it cooked, and he did seem knowledgable about that, but in my experience with a restaurant with this kind of reputation, he should be offering us recommendations and telling us a little bit about the aging process (dry or wet?) and the cooking methods.We started with salads. The chopped salad was just that: chopped lettuce, chopped cabbage, shredded cheese, tossed in a bland dressing with light consistency. I had four bites and was done. I would have had more but it was so dark in there I couldn't see well enough to pick out the cheese. The Caesar salad didn't have any actual anchovies on it but had a very strong fishy flavor. Almost too strong.The bread basket was freaking awesome. Pretzel bread, crisp parmesan crouton bread, and olive bread with huge pieces of olives baked in. I had a hard time putting that down.The bone-in filet was the best part of my date's meal and my bone-in veal (I know, I know, save me a seat in hell) was amazing. This is a steakhouse, they really know how to cook up a cut of cow. The meat was rich, tender, juicy, and had light crisp carmelization around the edges. It was perfection.However... everyone on this board has a hard-on over these lobster mashers. The lobster mashed potatoes: I do not know what the big deal is. Here we've got about three cups' worth of mashed potatoes which were heavy on the cream and butter. But on top of that rests a pile of lobster chunks. Maybe 3/4 of a cup worth. Yes, they were good 1 1/2-inch chunks, but even if I mixed up the bowl myself (which I would have to do, as the dish is obviously served this way so you can SEE the quality of the meat you're getting), there is no way I would EVER describe this as "chunks of lobster THROUGHOUT." It could have used some salt or other seasoning. And no, this is not on the menu; I expected it to be about $30, and I was about right.The lobster mashed potatoes, like the rest of the experience in the restaurant, wasn't bad. I would not describe it as bad. But the constant raving and drooling that many of the reviewers are going on and on about created an expectation for me that this restaurant did not live up to. At these prices (and in some cases LOWER than these prices), you can get more personalized service and better flavor in all of your plates in actual famous restaurants in Los Angeles and New York. I'm not trying to sound all bitched-out and bougie about it, I just feel that I was misled into thinking that things were going to be of a certain caliber in this particular restaurant, and it wasn't. I mean, the bathroom was dirty! There were wads of dirty toilet tissue thrown in the corners of the stall like in the bathroom at a Mexican beach. And the attendant in the bathroom sat in the chair with her friend who was hanging out in there with her and I could hear her proclaim very loudly that she wasn't going to hand out any more towels tonight. What the hell...?You know who did do an awesome job - the bussers and the servers. Not our table server, who merely takes the order and occasionally brings you a drink... but the actual men who are serving the food itself. There is a grip of people who work at the restaurant who actually bring out the plates of food you ordered and clean them up when you are finished and I doubt they are getting an equal split of the tips from the "main" servers. Those guys were very attentive and working hard.We did not order dessert. Our disappearing server came by and dropped the dessert menu on the table and walked off, with no mention of even coffee. The dessert menu, by the way, is a small section on a page inside the drink menu. And there are no descriptions of any of the desserts, just names and prices. If I had a question about what one or two of the desserts were, it was irrelevant because our server was nowhere to be found. And being that the salads and side were nothing to write home about, we decided against ordering dessert.So... overall, I won't be suggesting this spot nor will I be bringing guests of my own here.
4	Lovely place to have a nice dinner.  We were here for the Christmas Eve dinner.  The place was packed with people enjoying themselves.  We were seated right away but the waitress did not come over for at least 5 min.  We didn't think it was a big deal but as the night progressed, it got worse...it's understandable though I guess...you know, with tons of customers that night.We started off with glasses of wine, calamari and french onion soup.  The calamari was very fluff and tasteful with huge portions enough for 2,3 people.  My fiance loved his french onion soup so much that he didn't share enough with me haha.  Then we had the ribeye and filet with sauteed asparagus and Mastro's mashed potatoes.  The ribeye was very tasteful and tender with right amount of fat.  The filet was seasoned very well and also tender.  I must say though that we still prefer Ruth Chris's filet over Mastro's.  The size of the meats were HUGE that we couldn't even finish half of them.  *Location = very nice, right next to Scottsdale Fashion Square*Food = amazing but be ready to bring back half of your dinner with you home.*Service = not so good that night but I think she still did her best. We thought it was interesting how Ruth Chris's waiters in comparison are much  more professional.*Ambiance = very chic but not so romantic
4	Just visited this location for the first time and was very impressed throughout the dinner.  As stated by other reviewers our server was fine but seemed to disappear for longer periods of time as our meal progressed.  That wasn't a big deal as there were plenty of other staffers that were very attentive.  The entire meal was outstanding!  And of course we had to try the butter cake since this had been recommended to us by a friend.  I'm so glad we did.  Wonderful!The only thing that I find a bit irritating is the long row of tables along the wall that seems to be your fate if you're a party of 2.  All in all, a great restaurant for a special night out.
5	we went here our last night in Scottsdale and the other reviews are right, this place rocks.  Everything we ordered was perfect and delicious and the service was awesome.  Our waiter even bought us dessert.  Coming from Chicago we had high expectations as we have a ton of good steakhouses here, however this was really a fantastic meal!!  The best part is they are opening in Chicago this summer...woo hoo!!
3	You may be surprised by my 3...and I'll tell you why...Dinner was great.  In there with a large group - and I do a lot of planning, so was impressed with the quality of food for our size.The bartenders were ok - probably very irritated with the size of our group.  Delicious Ahi app - heard the beef was fab.  Dinner was a choice of meats and one salmon dish.  All were massive in size - and the mashed potatoes?  Oh - fugget about it!  It was so YUM!!!  Then dinner...our order must have not made it in because our table is still sitting there, while the other tables are getting up to leave.  Finally had to remind them that we did not get our dessert.We all took one bite and then left - couldn't even have coffee.In the course of the rush - I left something behind.  Always double check - because the couldn't care less that you left something behind.  we were the last table...how could they not see something that is not a cup, plate or utensils?  Bummed.  I know it's in some garbage dump...and I now have a record - less than 10 days and I no longer have a BB cover...  so bummer on the service, but food is awesome.  I wouldn't take a group larger than 100.
5	First let me start by saying, I rarely rate a restaurant with 5 stars! But Mastros is always top notch, and this time we went was no different.Last night it was my husband's birthday and his choice was mastros. Now why city hall v. mastros, thats simple we live in Tempe! City Hall is closer and it allowed us to stop by Nordstroms before so he could pick out his gift.Well we arrived a little early before the rest of our party  so we could enjoy some cocktails in the lounge. Yes the drinks are over priced, but I understand where I am so it is ok. My husband got a vodka martini with blue cheese olives. Now you have to understand not eveywhere has blue cheese olives, so this was huge. I took the bartender's recommendation as to a glass of pinot noir, it was delicious!Once the rest of our party arrived we were seated. As soon as we are seated, the bread arrives. Now most restaurants bring bread to the table, but not all restaurants have warm pretzel bread. My husband and my brother requested a extra basket of pretzel bread!For starters we had the oysters and shrimp. Ok this is why I LOVE this place, they have the biggest shrimp anywhere. I have been to many steakhouses all over the valley but none have this size shrimp, and none have atomic horseradish. Aww atomic horseradish is the best thing EVER! I hate when you get mild horseradish. Not sure what mastros does to the horseradish,but having my sinuses cleared is truly an amazing experience!My brother opted for a ceasar salad, which he enjoyed. It was a nice size and definetly could be shared. Not too long ago we ate at Capital Grille and found their salads very small, so this was good.Everyone at the table got the filet. I actually split the filet with my sister,and later found out that there was not split charge, another plus. Anyways, the filet was juicy and well flavored. Excellent!For sides, my brother has the twice baked, which is one of his favorites. The rest of us shared the steamed asaparagus and wasabi mashed potatoes. The wasabi mashed were amazing. I was surprised! But they had a nice hint of wasabi, very good.For desert, since it was my husband's birthday he got a complimentary butter cake with creme fraiche (mastro's signature desert). Well lets just say I had to be separated from the cake!!
4	The food and ambiance certainly deserve 5 stars and while this place is known for being spendy, I ordered a tasty bone-in filet (small one) and it was priced a little better than other steakhouses.  They also have a wine list with options at many different price points with selection in each.  I took a group of 7 and everyone was very, very satisfied with their meals.  All of the sides were good sized and disappeared quickly.  The martinis were served with the shaker so you get a little extra.The only reason I gave 4 stars . . .our waiter.  If we had a real professional waiter, 5 stars for sure.  This punk was full of himself and still has shades of his chain      (fill in the blank with applebees, TGI Fri, Chilis or your choice) training.  As can happen with any group, after ordering we realized we ordered to many "potato" sides.  Within 5 minutes (may have been less) we tracked him down and asked to cancel one of them, he said it was too late (it was mashed potatoes!!!)  First, I know that they do not make separate batches of mashed potatoes to order; second, in a place like this, just cancel it as your customers requested.  Sorry Jeff, the price of the side was taken out of your tip!
3	Underwhelming. First of all, the ambiance of this place is terrible. It feels like a steak cafeteria with a giant, open floor that's very noisy. It's not intimate at all so it pretty much rules out ever going on a date here. They also had some cheesy music playing.The food was decent. In particular, I thought the complimentary warm pretzels and the mac and cheese were outstanding. For my steak I decided to go with the ribeye. I feel that a ribeye is the best test of a steakhouse because it can be amazing if it's a good cut and prepared well but it's generally harder to deliver a great ribeye than a great filet. The ribeye was disappointing. Although it was cooked to order (medium rare) and had good flavor, it was a lot tougher than I would expect for a $40+ steak.The lack of ambiance combined with uninspiring steak means I'll probably avoid this place (and the numerous other Mastro's locations). I wish I had taken my friend's recommendation and gone to Bourbon Steak instead.
4	This is going to have to be one of those "break it down" reviews.  Here we go...Wine List : 5 stars, awesome awesome awesome list guys.  06 Justin Isosceles was the pick of the night.  Waiter brought it out, decanted it for us and poured us a glass each after it had some time to breathe.Appetizers and bread : 5 stars, the pretzel bread was amazing and we had a shrimp cocktail that was great.Steak & Sides : 4 stars.   I had the 12oz bone in filet and it was very good.  Not knock my socks off great, but a decent cut of meat cooked to my liking and with a good taste.   The mac and cheese was phenomenal, great recipe!Ambiance : 2 stars.  It felt like a Chevy's with white tablecloths.   Not my scene, at all.   The music was really, really bad.  As Aaron V. mentioned, this place is 100% out of the question for intimate date nights, don't even think about bringing a chick here that you are trying to be close to.I really want to give it a 3 star rating, but the meal and wine was so good overall that ill be nice.
4	We ate dinner here on the night of the Super Bowl. We were one of 4 parties dining in the dining room and we were all seated next to each other along one wall, which was a little weird. There was no live piano music, but the music was enjoyable none the less. I had the tomato mozzarella appetizer which was excellent. Tomatoes were perfectly ripe. Cheese was soft and delicious. Balsamic vinegar perfect addition. Husband had the "wedge" salad. Huge chunk of iceberg lettuce (about 3/4 of a head) with a sprinkling of bacon and blue cheese. Proportions of toppings to lettuce was off, but otherwise tasted good. For dinner, I had the 12 oz bone in filet.... most tender filet I have had. Flavor was pretty good, but I honestly prefer Houston's filet. Husband had bone-in ribeye that was well marbled, perfectly cooked and delicious. Sweet potato fries were excellent and a HUGE portion for two. Gorgonzola mac and cheese was OK, but somewhat bland and the pasta was a little past the al dente stage. For our anniversary, we were given a complimentary slice of the chocolate layer cake. This cake was so flavorful, moist and absolutely delicious. Great way to end the dinner.
5	It feels oh so fitting to be writing my first Yelp review for my favorite restaurant in town. Seriously, if you're thinking about going here, don't hesitate for a second. From the atmosphere to the food and drinks to the crowd, City Hall is what they call, "doing it right."I noticed a few of the negative reviews had to do with ambiance and the noise levels in the restaurant. I can understand that if one is referring to the bar area, but if you're looking to have a romantic dinner, plan ahead and ask for a quieter table. This place has an outstanding level of service, and I'm sure they'd do everything in their power to accommodate you.Now, back to last night. We rolled in about 9:15 to grab a late dinner before heading out for the evening. It was spur of the moment, so a friend and I swooped up a couple bar seats with a prime view of what was going down. Within seconds, we had a couple heavily poured 7&7's and the night was off and running (yes, cocktails are $12 here, and while I frown at that most times, they literally fill your glass with liquor, and then splash it with a mixer. So just sip and enjoy, you'll probably only order 2 at most unless you're a lush).The bartender asked if we needed menus and I replied, "Nah, I'm good, make it the Bone In Filet, Rare plus, side of mushrooms." If you've never been, I highly recommend doing it the same. These guys are such masters, you can even be the guy who orders his steak at a certain temperature (yes, my friend Scott is THAT guy), and they'll nail it on the head every time. There's very little seasoning and spices if any, just perfectly prepared meat that melts in your mouth, not in your hands. I usually have a tough time paying $25-$30 for a steak, but this one, even at $50, is well worth it in my opinion. Just wish I could enjoy it on a weekly basis ;-)Before visiting City Hall, I had never experienced a Filet with the Bone in. Even my father who has 30+ years experience in the meat industry had never heard of such a thing. I assure you, if you think it's odd, get over it and sink your teeth into the most amazing piece of meat ever.Another nice cherry on top is the fact the plate comes out at 1 million degrees. While it's a small struggle to not burn the sides of your hands after a few cocktails, it keeps every bite of your meal HOT until the very last bite. A most excellent touch in my opinion.While I've ranted and raved about the food, the scene at the bar certainly never sucks. You'll see anything and everything in there. From the guy playing the same Elton John tunes on the piano, to the rowdy group of ladies out for their bachelorette party, to the group of golfers who came over from the Phoenician fired up and ready to rack up a $1000 tab, to the young ladies working the older guys for drinks. It's like a 2-4-1 deal with great food and entertainment ;-) and definitely a must stop the next time you have a craving for the BEST STEAK you've ever had.Seriously, I want to break into their office and steal an invoice from their meat supplier. They're either getting it from some top secret meat farm, or they're injecting it with crack. I just can't get enough.
5	BONE IN!  Hands down, the best steak around.  Get an order of sauteed mushrooms to go with it, you won't be sorry.  The bar high tops are a great place to eat if you're not looking for the sit down experience.  The dining area is very nice, but I have a hard time being sat back there when I'm with my buddy looking for a stellar piece of meat and a stiff cocktail.  The service is great and Thurs - Sat evenings will host a good crowd in the bar.  The live music is a great touch too.  Two words...Bone In.  Make it happen.  Period.
4	Sorry, folks. No Malibu Rum here. I stay sober and enjoy the food when heading to City Hall. Filet? Yes, please :) Oh, and the joy of the lobster mashed potatoes, the chocolate cake and bread basket with pretzel bread. Can you say carb overload?? You'll definitely need a good workout after dining here :)  Bar wait staff is okay at best but restaurant staff is excellent. And live music at the piano bar is nice. Although it can get a bit too loud at times in the bar and you can't hear the person next to you. Also, watch out for the Trouts, gals. Some can be pretty creepy!!!
3	I'm really teeter toddling where to go with this review...Do I review the restaurant?Do I review the service?Do I review the atmosphere?Or do I simply review the entire experience?This is a hard pressed 3 star review, because although our entire experience here was incredible (AKA Fiance's Parents took us here  for our engagement celebration) in all actuality that's really the best this location is REALLY worth. First off Mastro's, your food is literally crack, and I mean literally. Your Lobster mashed potatoes, your steaks and your "Why Thank you I'll be a fatass and order the butter cake" dessert are AMAZING. Here's why I'm taking two stars off you...1. Your decor, although glowing neon red was cool in the 80's, having the bar illuminated with it reminds some of us of the movie "Cocktail" and that's not in a good way. 2. I shouldn't have to say this but, Scottsdale, you haven't changed. So minus a star for all the backwards baseball hat wearing, rude, shouting, 30,000 dollar millionaires that jammed the dining room, also minus heavy points in my book for the guy wearing the cubic zirconium encrusted "VERSCE" sunglasses inside, (and yes, they were spelled that way too). Learn some class people...Jesus. Although Mastro's is a fail safe, avoid this location and stick to Pinnacle Peak unless you want to be embarrassed by the locals in front of out of town guests.
5	I love the ambience, food and the service.  Best steak house bar none! I've traveled around the world and this restaurant tops all....
4	Went to Scottsdale on the annual Gentleman's Golf Extravaganza and found this place through Yelp, so big shout out to all of you in AZ for hooking it up!  The thing that cracks me up most about this place is that the girls were all my age, and all the men were my father's age - second wife's club to the fullest.Started off at the bar knocking down some Maker's on the rocks - great steakhouse pours here.  Two drinks was probably about 5-6 shots in total.Great bread basket - the pretzel bread kicks ass.  Shrimp cocktail was great, especially with about 4 tablespoons of horseradish in the cocktail sauce.  The steaks were better than I expected, being from NYC (hate me).  We had the chef's ribeye, porterhouse, strip, and filet.  All expertly cooked and great tasting.  Had the lobster mashed potatoes, which were good, but not mind blowing in my personal opinion.   Great wine list to boot.  Also - they will grab you a car service at the check in podium to get you home... very important to my group being that we never have a designated driver since we are used to taking cabs everywhere.After 3 bottles of a nice spicy pinot we were toasted and headed back to the hotel for a chipping contest off our balcony into the hotel pool below.  I still owe Christian C. fifty bucks for his off the lobby roof-onto the patio-into the jacuzzi shot.  Let's see Tiger try that ish out.
5	Seriously one of my all time favorites in Scottsdale. Consistently good steak (please tell me you'll never go to grain fed bland beef) and equally great people watching in the bar. If you get some time or are hanging with friends, grab dinner in the bar while the piano man sings. And you must simply get the mashed potatoes - they are amazing. Additionally, they have a great price on Caymus Conundrum.
5	Three words... bone-in-filet or is that really two? I'll leave it to the more talented wordsmiths to do the math. Last Friday I had one of the better filets of my life. Cooked to medium-rare perfection you can't really get a better steak. Also watch out.. their pretzel bread is insanely addictive, just say no (actually say yes, eat a couple, then have them take the rest away). I'm a steak purist and it's worth noting they do add some butter to the steaks after they're cooked, if you're like me just ask to opt out. Service was good, but know the ambiance is a little old school. The musical act in lounge reminded me of that two person band in the movie Swingers... cheesy, but you don't really hear it in the main dining room.
2	I have been to this place several times through the years on my visits to Scottsdale and usually had decent luck - but no more. The food is generally good, albeit a bit overpriced -but you expect that to some degree when you walk through the door given the top level service you expect to receive. I have had experiences with having to send steaks back some times, but they usually do the right thing and everyone is happy at the end of the evening. Then there was the last time I visited. Started innocently by making a reservation for 2 via OpenTable for 845 on a Saturday night. Was out all day playing golf and got a voice message confirming my reservation "for the bar." Quickly call them and tell them the reason I made the reservation 2 weeks in advance was to avoid getting stuck in a noisy bar. Told that the online form was clear it was for the bar (later verified completely false). After some back and forth told they would take care of it. Show up on time and meet the Barbie Dolls they have working the front desk. Attitude is an understatement. I am informed they are ready to seat me at the bar - go through the same song and dance. Then told I have to wait 45-60 minutes if we want to sit in the restaurant (and hear ourselves talk). I am pretty hot at this point and my African- American friend decides to try to play peacemaker and talks to the "hostess" personally. She eventually starts crying and tells her manager he spit in her face. A complete fabrication - I am standing literally 2 feet from this conversation - he was the calm one. It is sobering to see such racism up close and in person (and I am no bleeding heart liberal). To their credit the manager (the second one we asked for) diagnoses the situation and steps in and magically a table in the dining room is available within 5 minutes. Why can't people do the right thing the first time? The steaks were good, not great. The waiter was very attentive. The wine good as well (the previous time they were out of the first three wines I ordered). Dinner for 2 and dessert with tip about $500 (I don't take things out on the wait staff) - but somehow the whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth, particularly with that tab). I think we will find a new steak place the next time we are in town.
5	Oh Yeah!!! Thank you Yelpers for helping me find this gem. Definitely a home run in many ways. It sits at the head of an executive office complex. Attending a Research Chefs convention and needed to find the best of the best. Since I was with the"meat group" I needed to find a good steakhouse that didn't let me down. This is it. Three of us had the bone in filet which is excellent. The bone in NY Strip and KC Strip are the same and my guest was somewhat disappointed. Had the seafood tower which they created for the 6 of us. Everyone had oysters, lobster tail, crab claws, king crab and jumbo shrimp. That would have been enough for dinner. Our top meathead had the bone in ribeye which is a hard to find item in many restaurants. Even for a guy from Kansas City. For sides we ordered the sauteed mushrooms and lobster mashed potatoes. Served family style. Dessert was amazing as well. Huge pieces of chocolate cake, 3 large scoops of ice cream and I had my usually Mexican coffee served with fresh whipped cream. And to top things off, at the bar we ran into some ball players there for spring training. My customer and I got a pic with Rickey Henderson which capped off the night. They drove us back to our downtown Phoenix hotel in their Escalade.
3	I went here recently with a party of about 15 for a work-related dinner.  The service was mediocre, the dining area is always very loud, and the food was not the quality I have had there in the past.  There were multiple people serving our table but they still couldn't manage to follow through with drink orders or clear the table of dishes and unused wine glasses.  They over-cooked my steak and my colleague's steak.  I asked the server to just box up the steak since we would be onto dessert by the time it would be ready.  The funny thing is that my boss also asked for his steak to be boxed up but when he got home all he found was mashed potatoes, ha!  Maybe it was just a bad night?  I've been there before and always had a good experience.
5	We were told their house specialty is the bone-in fillet. We ordered the 12 oz. version, and it surely lived up to its reputation! As with most true steakhouses, it was served alone on a 400 degree plate. The sides are family style, every one we say looked great. We had the Au Gratin potatoes, and while they were drenched in cheese, they still accompanied the steak very well. Wine selection is decent, though overpriced. Good feel to the dining room, and service was good at 8PM on a Friday night.  We'll be back the next time we're in Scottsdale.
5	Of all the Mastro's restaurants, this is our favorite. Not that we don't like them all, but the staff just seems extra special at City Hall. Of course, you just have to have a few drinks at the bar with Christian before getting your table. Great drinks, great scene.Once you sit down, let the experience begin. From your first pretzel roll through your last bite of dessert, it's just as good as it gets. The wine list is one of the best and we think these are bar-none the best steaks in town. If you haven't had them and feel like splurging, the lobster mashed potatoes are so good it doesn't even make sense.
4	this is a fantastic restaurant. food and service are excellent. I am not such a huge fan of atmosphere. too old for me. Food was simple and good. little pricey but worth it.
5	Best pork chop I've ever had! Rib eye is still amazing. Wasabi mashed potatoes are great and you can't go wrong w/sauteed mushrooms. Once again, service was impeccable!
5	Omg Delicious! I had the twin lobster tail and had to split the side dishes because they are huge portions! (this is coming from a girl who lives to eat!) For desert you have to try the cream and berries!! omg!!!! The cream is exquisite!
5	First time to this restaurant.  I think the "steak house" thing was over done, but I'm happy I went here.   I actually split the 8oz petite filet (mignon), it was probably one of the best steaks I've ever had.  The sides come family style, and we shared the sauteed mushrooms, asparagus and spinach, all were very good (and I'm sure loaded with butter!).   Great place, be prepared to valet.
4	Had another really good meal at Mastro's.   Again, the steak was very good, just as I remember it being last time.   A few notes:- Music was better, no terrible live band.- The sides both had an excessive amount of cheese.   For me to say that, it had to really be excessive.   (Mac & Cheese and Potato Au Gratin).   I didn't think it was possible, but you actually CAN put too much cheese in Mac and Cheese.  Don't ask me to explain it, I cant, but it really happened. - Wait staff was excellent.  Our waiter oozed professionalism.
5	City Hall kind of blends in with the surrounding buildings, but once you get closer you are greeted by two massive, opaque glass doors. They also have complimentary valet parking, which is a rarity in Scottsdale. The interior has a nice feel to it: classy, modern, yet understated enough so you know you're in a special restaurant.When you walk in, the bar and lounge is to your left and is a nice size. The area above the bar is lit up with red LED inset lighting. Trust me when I say it works and I could easily see myself sitting at that bar enjoying a nice drink and some chilled oysters. Live music is a plus, too.The main dining area is separated by several glass panels from the lounge. Our server, Alicia, was promptly at our table and when she saw we had darker pants on, she swapped out the white napkins for black ones to avoid white lint on us. I truly appreciate things like that. Noise levels in the dining area seemed pretty subdued as we could easily carry on a conversation. We all wanted some wine to get us ready for steak. The wine list is decent size and overall quality is solid. Prices were pretty consistent at 2.0 - 2.5x retail. We started with a bottle of Robert Craig 'Affinity' Cabernet Sauvignon ($85). What a stellar wine. Robert Craig always delivers and this was just a great mix of dark fruit, cocoa, and mild tobacco all rolled into one. We enjoyed it so much that we needed more wine before our entrees arrived. We agreed on a Franciscan Cab Sav ($54) based upon a recommendation from the manager. It was a nice wine, but a little tight on its own. It needed food to really shine and shine it did when paired with red meat.The menu has the meats front and center (nice!). Most of the serving sizes are very large and are priced from $25 - $45 (a couple are Fred Flintstone sized if you're really hungry). The seafood selection is very nice with lots of appetizer and entree choices. There are plenty of salads as well, which they'll do as half portions if you request it (nice touch). The entrees are a la carte, so you have to purchase sides separately. Here's a rundown of what was ordered at our table that I actually tried:    * Chilled Seafood Tower - Mastro's owns Ocean Club, so I knew the seafood would rock here and I was not disappointed. The Fannie Bay oysters were crazy good. Creamy, meaty, and succulent - I could have eaten 12 of them. The shrimp were huge and easily 3 bites each. We also got a few awesome snow crab claws, too.    *  Bone-in Filet Mignon -  OK, I had never seen a 'bone-in' filet, so I had to order it (12oz). It was served on a plate hot enough to melt lead that's coated with an herbed butter. I think my cholesterol count jumped 10 points just by being in proximity to it. The steak was so tender and juicy, I was loving every bite until I got full. The only negative I could find was that the steak was actually a tad bland. Not sure if it was too much butter or if the seasonings put on it just were a little dull (or both). I got Potatoes Lyonaisse on the side and they were very good.     * Rack of Lamb -This is a serious rack at 22oz and was easily shared. I counted about 8 ribs on the plate and it was presented nicely. The lamb was very tender, well seasoned overall, but a tad on the salty side for my taste. It paired very well with the Franciscan Cab. Side dish was sauteed asparagus and it was perfect crisp-tender.     * Warm Butter Cake - The dessert menu is large and has many appealing choices. The manager said that if you have one dessert, it must be the Butter Cake. All I could think of was "great, more butter....", but this is so not what I expected. Think of the best pound cake you've ever had crossed with a fresh shortcake, served warm, with killer good vanilla bean ice cream and fresh berries. After the first bite, I knew why it was their signature dessert. I wasn't alone in my thinking because we destroyed it. No questions when you go, just order it...Final Take 'Wow!' to the service and attention to detail. The manager, Justin, personally checked on us twice and gave us solid ordering advice as well as chatting for a bit. Our server also was top notch and professional. I always appreciate service that is there when you need it, but not in your face. City Hall delivers very well in that regard. Add in some amazing food along with great wine and bar choices and you have the makings for a very special evening. Next time you need to celebrate, consider doing it here. Just be sure to order the Butter Cake first...Overall Grade = A- (Excellent)The EV Foodie
4	A solid 3.75 stars (rounded to 4?) for my first visit of Mastro's.The Good:-Oyster on half shell--- OMG, they were so fresh! I definitely was not expecting this fresh even I was told they have seafood fly-in everyday. I'd give a five-star just for this. So fresh and so delish!! Reminds me of the blue shells in Boston every time I go.-Bone-in Filet--- first time to have bones in my filet, very juicy and tender, the meat were seriously melted in my mouth.-Great service-A big bread bowl with a few good selections-Complimentary valet parkingThe Not So Good:-Lobster Mashed Potato--- regular garlic mashed potato added chunks of lobster (6 or 7 bites?), not only tripled the price, but tripled the salt. I do not like salty food, the extra salt they added to the lobster totally killed the flavor, and the plate was oily, don't ask me why. -Ambience--- kinda odd to me. The bar, the open floor dinning tables, then private rooms. With everybody squeezed in the edges and booths, I don't know how they managed to do that.-the Live music--- meh...a-okay...***All plates are A La Carte, meaning big portions to share!**
4	After a long weekend of work, this was a nice way to finish it all off.I ordered a 24oz Porterhouse, ceaser salad and we all got the family style au gratin potaoes and mac and cheese. Lets start with the bread that was offered up when we sat down. Excellent! The pretzel bread was very different and unexpected. The ceaser was next which also was excellent, I know its hard to make a bad ceaser, but I've seen it done. Next was the porterhouse, medium rare plus (they have inbetweens of the normal cooked selections). Wow is all I can say. It was the best steak I've had in a while. Cooked perfectly and the filet side was melt in your mouth. The 2 cheesy sides were very good as well, but if I had to complain about something I'd have to say too much cheese. After they had cooled down a bit, the cheese just kind of formed into a great big mass and was pretty unappetizing.I also need to mention the waiter. He knew the menu like he had written it himself and could tell us the ingredients of every dish we asked about. He was pretty amazing. The 2nd waiter who came by to scrape the crumbs off the table was pretty cool too.
5	One of the best steak houses i've been to hands down. Very nice and classy place.
4	great martinis
4	I went here for a company Christmas party and was pleasantly surprised. The food was great and so was the service. Everyone orders their own protein and then each table orders the sides family style. This could be great unless, like me, you are sitting at a table with people who want to order sides like creamed corn. WTF? I would love to go back and order a normal side dish like mashed potatoes with my meal...
5	Outstanding.City Hall is discreetly tucked away in a non-descript office building but once you walk in, you are in a classic and very attractive East Coast style steakhouse.  You can choose to sit in the very lively bar area or in the more formal dining room.  We opted for the bar.Service is fast and attentive by white-jacketed waiters.  An excellent pricey wine list, as you would expect.  We ordered the ahi tuna tartare as a starter.  It came in a three layer tower: puffed rice, avocado and the tuna on top.  Delicious.My wife had the pepper steak and I ordered the bone-in ribeye, rare.  The food came out very quickly and the steaks were exactly how we wanted them.  The meat was superb.  When you put aside the booming Sinatra, the New York affectations, the white-jacketed waiters and the over-sized portions, what you're left with is the meat, which is the reason you came here in the first place.  This was perfectly aged and cooked meat. We ordered a potatoes au gratin on the side and I have to agree with the other reviewer here - there was really a bit too much cheese.  I mean, I'm all for excess - especially in a steakhouse - but enough with the cheese already guys.  A very minor quibble, however.We were unable to eat more than half the meal and the leftovers were professionally packaged up to take home in a giant over-sized Maestro's bag.  Pretty much everyone leaves here with one of these.All in all, a perfect dinner on every score.  Get your paper out though because all this bombast and cholesterol doesn't come cheap.  Recommended when you're in the mood for this sort of thing.
5	I'm salivating just thinking about the lobster mash, oh yea the steak is pretty fabulous too. There is not bad to say about this place, go with a big group and indulge in the seafood tower, its a must. The service is amazing, one time my good friend Adam tried to see if he could get his glass filled with ice since the waiter was on top of his water and never let it reach half full. He didn't succeed but also didn't have enough room for the butter cake for dessert! I've eaten at many great restaurants around the world and this one hold a place close to my stomach.
5	Wow!  Yes a great yet the best Ribeye!  GO for the beef.  You won't be asking where's the beef here.  Really really good.  So if your having a special occasion, this is your place.   THe service is the best.  I really recommend the beef here.  It is  little hard to find.  But worth it.  you won't be disappointed.  I have been here several times and love it every time. I highly recommend this place.  I will be back!
5	This may be my favorite place to go, for a couple of reasons.First off, we've been for after dinner cocktails/appetizers a couple times.  Fantastic.  The drinks, for the most part - are pricy (up to $18 for a martini) but what you should be aware of, is that they pour you a full drink, and leave the shaker with you.  So for $18 you're really getting 2 very high quality drinks.  It is absolutely worth it.  I usually order 1 and call it good.  Couple times we've gotten 2 and I've definitely felt it.  I had a 3rd once and almost didn't make it home.  The alcohol is top-shelf quality and smooth as can be.  Wife loves the cantaloupe martini (sweet and smooth).  I've tried a few different.  The CEO martini is a great, fantastically smooth martini (love the blue cheese stuffed olives that come with it - i always ask for extra).  The Manhattan is strong and tasty as well.We've also gone for dinner.  It's pricey, sure, but really worth it.  The seafood tower appetizer can really add up on your bill, but the quality is as good as it gets in Arizona.  Very cold, very fresh, just perfect.  The bone-in filet is probably my favorite...always cooked just right.  For the side dish, you CANNOT pass up the lobster mashed potatoes.  It is absolutely decadent and swimming in butter, but it is soo freaking good.  Love the pretzel bread that they put out on the table as well.  Service is always fantastic, as you should expect from a place like this.  The place is nice, and you would fit right in wearing a suit.  Although truth be told, I've gone dressed much more casually than I should have and no one has given me a hard time.
4	I started a tradition that every year for my bf's birthday we celebrate by hitting up a swanky steak house. Last year we hit up Del Frisco's in NYC, and while Mastro's cannot even come close to any NYC Steakhouse, it's definitely the best I've tasted in AZ so far... as it should be for a place with a pricey menu. My boyfriend ordered the 8oz Petite Fillet (that was far from petite if you ask me), and I ordered the 12oz Farm Raised Salmon (absolutely the biggest piece of fish ever placed in front of me). Needless to say, the portions here are large. My salmon was cooked to perfection. Flakey, a little rare and oh so yummy. The bf devoured his fillet, he thoroughly enjoyed every bite. Then for our sides we got the steamed broccoli & asparagus as well as the creamed spinach. All 3 sides I would recommend. Fresh veggies and hats off to the chef for the creamed spinach, all of it was fabulous. I must take a moment to also highlight their Mojito. Being the Mojito feen that I am, this one was just awesome... and SO strong! I downed one and could already feel it. They also brought out some of their buttercake for my bf's birthday on the house. It was superb, and I could tell it probably had 5+ sticks of butter in it because it was so richly decadent. I definitely recommend this desert, WOW! As far as atmosphere goes, I like what Mastro's has done with their interior decor. Not stuffy at all, and it has an elegant steakhouse vibe. Our server wasn't over bearing and gave us just enough service to where we felt as though our every need was catered too. Great customer service in my book.While I'm don't think I'll be back for dinner anytime soon (my wallet won't allow it), I must say that I might venture back for drinks in the very near future. That Mojito was tasty... I'm still thinking about it!!
5	This was undeniably one of the best steaks I have ever had in my life. Almost every element of this meal was pure heaven. The Strip Steak was so thick each bite must be masterfully cut (beware your eyes and stomach will betray you, eat slow), fresh garlic and butter dripping from every perfectly cooked inch onto a sizzling hot plate that their dapper and attentive waiters place before you. The steak was so juicy and so tender you need only use a butter knife. Paired with a nice full bodied Cabernet, which the waiter recommended...I couldn't have asked for more. O wait but I did, I had a side of mashed potatoes (regular not the lobster) that was forgettable. It was not cheap, but honestly I cannot remember how much I paid...what I do remember is that amazing meal. Indulge and savor the steak at this Mastro's.
5	I have always liked the Mastro's restaurants - but this was my first visit to City Hall. The location is convenient and they offer car service if you have too many martini's and need to be taken home (or on to more drinks) after wards. The martini list alone is worth a visit to this place! Our service was fantastic - never had to wait for a drink, food came out quickly and correct. The bar scene was lively, and they had live music too! We started with the seafood tower (there were 4 of us) but there was sooo much yummy goodness that we could have gone without even ordering dinner! It had huge shrimp, oysters, King Crab legs, and lobster too! Yum! And the presentation was impressive as well with a giant tower and dry ice.... The steaks are good, and they have nice options for chicken and fish eaters too! Great place for a work dinner or a night out with friends. My friends and I will be back :)
4	Boss took me out to Mastro's for a celebration dinner and we had a great time from start to finish. Great cocktails and truly delicious food. Started with a seafood tower that literally made me smile from ear to ear! We devoured the whole thing and also each had an order of scallops that were melt in your mouth tender. Feeling pretty full from the tower and scallops i decided to take it easy (yeah right!) and went for the 24 ounce bone in ribeye. AMAZING piece of meat...just way too big to enjoy completely. Took it home, but made for pretty dissappointing left-overs. I guess having it presented on a sizzling platter is far better than rewarming on a paper plate. Mastro's is exactly what it supposed to be...an over the top Steak house with good drinks and decadent food. Boss can take me there anytime! I suggest the King Crab Gnocchi...not quite as rich as the lobster mash.
5	Situated next the Scottsdale Fashion Square, you'd expect it would be a classy ritzy place.  And indeed it is.  It's dark ambiance creates a romantic atmosphere great for a date or just a fancy night out with friends.  Though I would say they could've had a brighter candle just so I can get a better look at the great tasting food.Sure enough I was served with a great bone-in filet, creamed spinach, and an awesome butter cake.  The steak had the bone in which created a succulent flavor.  It was also covered in butter before cooked in very hot temperature which helped to seal in the moisture making the steak very juicy.  The large plate was coated with butter and parsley and probably baked.  As warned by the server, "don't the plate."  It actually sizzled when it was brought out.  The medium rare steak was cooked perfectly.  So moist that it tasted more like butter.  I could almost cut like it was fish.  The meat was so tender and flavorful.  Adding any sort of sauce would have hid the wonderful taste of the steak.  It was also the thickest piece of meat I'd ever seen.  It's rare that I can find a thick steak that's cooked well.  The creamy spinach was also wonderful.  It was a light cream mixed with the spinach that actually complimented the steak.  I'm usually a chocolate person, but I thought I'd try their signature butter cake this time.  Once you get the cake, start from the center and work your way out.  The moist and fluffy center mixed with the vanilla gelato was superb.  The real heavy whipped cream added to the flavor as well.  The cake was caramelized on top created a crunchy contrast.  All three dishes were signature dishes of the restaurant.  It's no wonder why they are the signature dishes.  You may also try their signature cream corn which I will try the next time.  It may be pricey for some, but well worth its price.  And hey.  It's good to splurge once in a while. :-)
5	#1 in AZ.  Anytime I want to go out for a special occasion, no question where we are going.   Classy atmosphere, good service and the food is off the charts. Bone-in filet & lobster mash are divine.  Definitely my favorite of the Mastro's line.  This place is a keeper.
4	I'll start off by saying that the meal itself was 5 star all the way. I mean hello!?! Butter poached, bone in Filet Mignon!?!  Need I say more?Indeed...Based on the previous few experiences I've had at City Hall I would have happily given both the experience and the food 5 stars. This time however I cannot, but I can give 4. We had a 8:00(pm) reservation on a considerably busy night. Upon arrival, we were sat immediately at a booth in the bar. Normally, this wouldn't bother me at all except that when the reservation was taken, we specifically requested the dining room. We were looking for a  level of ambiance that is difficult to obtain surrounded by fairly raucous bar goers on a Friday night. Clearly we were squeezed in at the last minute. There was no room for us in the dining area so we say screw it, we'll just eat some amazing food, drink way too much and join the 'party' in the bar area. We're not pretentious assholes, we're flexible, we know how to get the fuck dowwwwn, no big deal right...wrong. While being seated I notice the rather close proximity of the patio door. I take my coat off and within minutes I'm frozen. I know what you're thinking...'well, maybe you shouldn't have been dressed like a $3 hooker Kristi', but you would be wrong. I pulled out all the stops for this one. Needless to say, we notified the server and were promptly moved to another booth. Annoying, but certainly not night altering. Our server seemed a bit distracted and it all felt a bit rushed at first but  seemed to mellow out when we made it clear that we were indeed camping out for the next 3 hours. There is not much that can be said about the food other than 'it's amazing'. I had a perfectly mixed dry Kettle martini to start of with. (Must get buzz going before food consumption) We shared a bottle of Cab with our meals which consisted of the Petite Filet, (MR) the NY Strip, (R) the out of this world Lobster Mashed Potatoes,  and steamed asparagus. Perfection! This is what a steak should taste like. The Lobster Mashed was divine and trust me, I don't throw the word 'divine' around EVER. We shared the Creme Brulee for dessert as well as a chocolate martini. I was sufficiently liquored up at this point not to mention fat and happy. Don't ask me what happened after dessert because I don't remember. There was some champagne involved, maybe a creepy cab driver....the details are fuzzy. All I know there was enough food left over to make a delicious breakfast of steak and eggs in the morning, which paired well with the Advil, Alka-Seltzer and gray face of death I was wearing. Whoo-Haa Mastro's! I am no match for your sexiness. U.N.C.L.E.
4	Mastro's is the best of times and the worst of times:The Best:Food - Probably the best steak I have ever had, cooked to perfection, and somehow is different than every other Bone-In Filet.  Gratin potatoes were great too.  Portion size on appetizers is a bit much for two people, not complaining, it just seems odd to have so much left over when it comes to a starter salad, etc.Service - Waiter was terrific, super informed, over  all friendly, not pushy and did not rush us at all, especially considering the restaurant was packed.The Worst:Hostess - Nothing kills the first vibe of a restaurant more than a 19 year old big timing the customers.  No one needs to be saluted entering the restaurant, but being dismissive is unacceptable for a restaurant as good and high priced as City Hall.The Music - In one weekend I experienced two Mastro restaurants (ocean club being the other) and I can't figure out what the live music is all about.  Both restaurants are decorated super classy, but then the live music is WAY TOO LOUD and completely detracts from the experience.  City Hall has the loud music in the lounge area, so if you are seated in that area, prepare to scream at the people you dine with.  To make matters worse, the restaurant pipes this live music in to the main dining room.  Be prepared to spend $200 on a steak dinner while listening to Huey Lewis Karaoke type performances.  PLEASE STOP THE MUSIC !!  One last word of advice.  Call for your reservations !!  If you book online, the restaurant automatically seats you in the "lounge", if you do not know better you will end up next to the keyboard.
5	Fabulous experience! Wonderful ambiance, great staff, beyond delicious food (I had the filet mignon). Top notch! I truly enjoyed this place immensely. Could not ask for anything more.
4	I love the fact that this place is less than 5 minutes from my house which is also another reason to hate it.  The parking at this place is so bad but it hasnt stopped me from coming and it wont.  It always seems to be busy for the times I have dined here which is by no mistake or chance at all...this is as good as it gets in Old Town...If you have been to Mastros in North, North Scottsdale and Ocean Club then you will have a fair comparison although it doesnt quite have the best opportunity to people watch in the lounge like Ocean Club.  A bit too dark in terms of lighting in the dining room and if music is playing in the lounge then it is hard to talk over it...same for Ocean Club....the bathrooms are very impressive in terms of attention to detail...As always, the filets are perfect with bearnaise sauce, any side can feed easily 3 people (lobster or wasabi mashed potatoes), wedge or ceasar salad, and any dessert will please....Thank you Mark Levy and the Mastro Group....bravo again!!
5	If you are looking for a special night out to dinner that wil cost you a pretty penny, this is definitely the place to do it.  Started off the evening in the circular bar at the front with live music - great way to enjoy a cocktail before dinner.  Then we made our way toward the dark, chic, modern yet classic dining room.  The service was impecable and the food was amazing.  Be careful how much you order because the portions are humungous!   I had a blackened salmon that literally melted in my mouth, others enjoyed steak and tuna - both delish!  We made the mistake of ordering two shrimp appetizers - man these things were the size of Chihuahuas!! We also made the mistake of ordering the sweet potato fries and they brought us enough to feed a small army.  Don't get me wrong, the food was spectacular, but man it was a lot of food!
5	One word for this place...baller...food is a bit pricey but u get what ya pay for! The filet mignon bone in steak is to die for as well as the delicious sides (esp. the lobster mashed potatoes!)! We went as a group of 6 and the bill was off the roof! BALLER!
5	One doesn't need a long review for this place. If you're out to get the best steak and seafood in the valley, and price is no factor. you will not do better than this place. We frequent it several times a year when we bring clients in, and they are money every time! Meats are cooked to absolute perfection, and they have an extensive wine list. Always 5 stars!
5	Best steak I've had in the valley.  Absolutely amazing!  It is super expensive, but the food is delicious, and the ambeince is nice.  A special occasion kind of place, if you have the cash.
5	Amazing place to go to in Scottsdale. Mastro's never seems to let me down. I am also a big fan of Oceans Club but City Hall is closer to my house. The atmosphere is fun and inviting. But be sure to dress up.Now to the food. Everything was prepared flawlessly. I had the Tuna which was delicious and my man had the bone in filet. If you had to choose just one side to order hands down it would have to be the lobster mashed potatoes! Yummy!!
5	Yes! This is what every fancy restaurant should be like. The service was AMAZING! From the waiter's sexy voice to the side dishes arriving at the same time, and hand served by the staff. Impressed! Now that's getting what you pay for. The food was delish, I had the bone in steak, the chef special, "rubbed with 27 different spices" and yes he/she rubbed it well. LOLFor desert we shared "Mastro's Signature Warm Butter Cake" this cake was pure insanity, it came with hand whipped cream and fresh strawberries.I can't comment on price because my boss treated his staff to this glorious dinner. I'm sure he would say it was well worth it :)
5	Everyone from Nebraska thinks they're an expert on beef, and I'm no exception.  City Hall is as good as it gets.  I've eaten at every over-hyped NY steakhouse from Peter Luger's to the 837 Palm, and every douchehole joint in LA and LV, and the only place that MIGHT be better is Gibson's in Chicago - and that's just a maybe.  Filet - top notch.  Porterhouse - the best.  KC Strip - unrivaled anywhere.  The only way to get a better steak is to fly to Omaha, go to Stoysich, grab a slab and cook that sumbitch yourself.  Sides - you can't miss with any, but the creamed corn brings out the corn-fed in me.  Awesome.  And the butter cake... manna from heaven, kids.  Excellent selection of booze and wine.  Always top service.  Quite frankly, I'm amazed at how long this place has stayed awesome - gotta be at least 7 or 8 years now?  The best.
5	Bone in fillet and all 18 of those ounces of that juicy cow made my evening at Mastro's.  It came in two separate medium cooked pieces (pink on the inside and perfectly prepared) and the bone there were probably a good 15-16 oz of meat.  If you're going to enjoy a $45-$50 steak, this is the way to go.We paired the steaks with a 2007 Baileyana Grand Firepeak Cuvee, Edna Valley which went down really well and had an excellent flavor.  Two appetizers also were ordered: sauteed asparagus & lobster gnocchi.    Nothing too special about the sauteed asparagus but it was really fresh and well seasoned.  I guess the only way you can mess up asparagus is if you overcook it and that certainly wasn't the case.  Another highlight of the night, almost as special as the bone in fillet, was the lobster gnocchi.  It may give me a heart attack earlier in life but it was that darn good.  The small stringy pieces of lobster was a nice addition to a doughy gnocchi entree.  But this gnocchi restored my faith in the dish because all other gnocchi's I've had have been "bland" and very doughy.  It's hard to explain what made this one sooo great but it had a crusty flaky breadcrumb type top to it along with great flavor.Mastro's...you lived up to the expectations and then some, and you better have because it was $260 for the two of us!!!   If it was anything less than stellar, you would gotten ONLY 4 stars on Yelp!!
5	After reading reviews of steak houses in the Scottsdale area where my wife and I were planning a vacation, I decided to go with Maestro's City Hall due to the abundance of positive reviews of lack of negative reviews.Yelpers definitely steered me in the right direction as this was one fantastic all around experience! I have eaten at many high end steak houses in major cities, such as Charlies in Orlando, Del Friscos and W Steakhouse in Vegas, and The Palm in Dallas.  I have no qualms in saying that the Bone In Ribeye (my staple!) at Maestro's was the best out of all of them!  The steak literally could have doubled as a dessert - it almost had a brown sugar taste to the outer crust while the perfectly cooked medium rare center oozed out delicious juices to mix with my Maestro's Potatos (a highly recommended side that is much more affordable then the Lobster mashed potatoes which I decided to pass on after reading yelp reviews)The wife had a filet which was cooked to her liking (but not mine since it was medium well, lol) which she also enjoyed.Last but not least, I didnt see much about this on Yelp, but do NOT pass up the warm butter cake for dessert.  I am not even a dessert fan and rarely even order it - but the wife was in the mood for something sweet and the waitress recommended this one, which was one of their specialities.  Not only was the warm butter cake delectable, but the bowl of home made whipped cream that came in a HUGE bowl could have stood alone as a worthy entry on the dessert menu. It was like eating ice cream. I shudder to think how many calories were in that dessert but it was totally worth it!I also give the service 5 stars.  I made a reservation for 7:30pm on a Friday night two days in advance via OpenTable. I did take the Yelp advice and call afterwards to ensure that we were seated in the main dining area (good advice as the bar when you first entered was slightly loud, although not as loud as some reviewers seem to make it out to be).  We were seated within 5 minutes of showing up and dined in the Main dining area as requested.  Our server was extremely attentive without being overbearing, made good wine pairing suggestions, and really made the experience worthwhile.Our bill (1 cocktail, Two steaks, 1 side, 2 glasses of wine, 1 dessert, 2 dessert apertifs plus 25% tip) came out to $230 ... about what I expected and well worth every penny! Lastly, this is a nice establishment and we dressed up - but there were people coming in with shorts, baseball jerseys, etc ...
4	I was fortunate enough to be treated to an amazing meal at Maestro's City Hall this week.  It is certainly a classy place (still trendy and cool inside) and while the restaurant can be a bit stuffy, eating in the bar area (full service and tables) is much more lively and has a better ambiance.  The entire experience was fantastic, from the pours on the drinks, the service, to the amazing food.  I ordered the 18oz. Bone In Filet and it was amazing.  It cut like butter off the knife and the sides were awesome as well.  We had creamed spinach, lobster mashed potatoes, and an spectacular mac and cheese with a cheese I can't remember.  YUM!  Traditionally, saving the best for last, we one of the best desserts I have ever had.  It was a butter cake that I could have licked the plate on if it would have been appropriate.  Great for a romantic special dinner or an upscale business dinner.  Very cool and hip!
3	This is a review just for the bar area. I eat at the Mastro's in Bev Hills about once a year and love the food, top notch food always.  I have eaten at this location once and the food was great, I wasn't a huge fan of the bar area for after dinner drinks, however, the crowd skewed much older than my preference and I am no spring chicken, the service was very good and extremely  friendly, though, so no complaints there, great wine list despite the fact that the mark up for booze there is nothing short of highway robbery,
4	Great steaks and love the pretzel bread. Steaks range from $40-$55 and sides are large and range from $7-$15.
5	Probably the BEST restaurant I have EVER been to in my LIFE! The place is phenomenal!! You walk into a very classy atmosphere and everyone is dressed to the 9. We were having a company dinner here, so we were escorted to a lovely private dining room with sliding glass doors to enter and red velvet curtains lining the room. Who ever had the idea of Lobster Mashed Potatoes... is brilliant! I loved those chunks of lobster in my potatoes, it was probably one of the best side dishes I've ever tried. We also got sides of the Gorgonzola mac and cheese and the sauteed mushrooms, amongst other things, all which were amazing. But the steak, .... it was probably the BEST steak I've had in my life. Perfect cut, perfectly cooked, tender and juicy as ever, truly the best filet I've ever ate. Order the chocolate covered strawberries as a dessert because those are a must!!!! The staff - all very pleasant and polite. Sue, who helped coordinate my company dinner there was fabulous to work with. She even worked with my hotel to coordinate car service for us. Be prepared to empty your pockets, but its worth every last penny.
5	I am so loyal to Durant's that I feel like a heel...but City Hall was divine.  Steaks, sides, drinks...the only thing we didn't have was dessert...but $1100 later, who could afford it?
4	The service is really good and the people watching is quite interesting! We ordered the crab stuffed mushrooms and we didn't care for them at all! They were undercooked and mealy!  Thgood thing is that they took them of the bill. The sauteed shrimp were outstanding!
4	Amazing food, ambience, and wine selection. There was a point knocked off because we had to sit almost an hour before we were sat at the table we had a reservation for at the bar instead.
5	Bone-in ribeye was everything that I dreamed of and more. Everything was so superb, that I'm drooling at the memory of it. Yes, I dined here over 2 months ago and am just now getting to the review but damn...that was a memorable steak. Medium-rare mouthwatering insanity in my mouth!!!! Probably could have done without the sides -- too much food and didn't hold a candle to the steak (mac n cheese was overkill and the spinach was too salty). Just stick with the steak folks and you won't be disappointed. Loved the al fresco seating...I don't think I've ever been to a fine-dining steakhouse with outdoor seating, so that was a really nice change. Oh and best bread tray ever.
5	This is our go-to place when we have business folks in from out of town. Most our guests are from back East and they say they know a thing or two about steak until they come here. Now we have one client that won't go anywhere else (not even the other Mastro affiliates like Ocean Club).  I'm not disappointed either - this is by far the best of the best. The atmosphere is tasteful, subdued and classy - although a bit dark in the main area - sometimes too dark to see your menu - we all got our glasses on and one guy even pulled out a mini flash light on his key chain. But - if you've been here enough times (guilty) then you don't need the menu - you know what you want and it's always the bone in Kansas City for me. Bone in makes all the difference - I tried the sirloin and while still amazing, just can't beat the sizzle of the bone in. The seafood tower is a testament to overindulgence and splurge - you pick what you want on there from shrimp to oysters, crab claws, etc. and it comes out on 1-3 iced trays all stacked and ready to devour. The wine list is top notch with the classics as well as new ones to try and don't forget to order some port after dinner! The sides are amazing as well, the crab gnocchi is deceiving - for our table of 5 they brought out a tiny skillet of this side and we thought we were being cheated - oh was I wrong - you put a small spoonful on your plate and it is so dense and rich that you swear it expanded to 4 times its size when it hit your gut. The lobster mashed potatoes are to die for and even the veggies have some sort of magical power that make you go mmmmm....spinach!For desert you cannot beat the butter cake - hey - you're splurging so go for broke! It is warm, with a bit of crunch outside and velvet inside. The key lime pie is also a hit and a perfect way to cool off after such a heavy meal. The service - well I've never seen its equal. There when you need them and never overbearing. Drinks are always full, plates are taken when the moment they need to be, crumbs wiped and napkin folded when you return from the restroom. Then you get to take your leftovers home (there will be plenty) and enjoy it all over again in your sweats the next day.
5	If you have money to spend and want the best steak dinner ever, come to Mastro's. It's the perfect place for a special dinner out or a great place to enjoy a drink and fresh shellfish in the bar/ lounge area. Other yelpers have done a great job describing the restaurant so I'll skip that and make some food recommendations. The shrimp cocktail has 3 of the biggest, most delicious shrimp you could ever find and go great with any of their signature martinis. I love the margarita martini which is strong, perfectly chilled, and is worth the $18 because there are 2 servings in the shaker. The wine list is very impressive as well. They have so many amazing bone in steaks that it is hard to choose but my favorite steak is the bone in KC strip . Perfect combination of tenderness and flavor . It can easily serve 2 especially if you enjoy some of the amazing side dishes like potatoes au gratin, grilled asparagus, and the most amazing, legendary Alaskan king crab gnocchi. You will die! Try to save room for any of their desserts, especially the butter cake or chocolate dipped strawberries. The service is supreme and the food even better. Mastro's is the perfect place to indulge and is a true destination for steak lovers.
5	top notch
4	If you don't have a lot of money for an amazing super romantic all-out steak dinner, at least call them for some lobster mashed potatoes to go...I PROMISE it will be the best $23 on mashed potatoes EVER!Tucked away in what looks like a business strip across from Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom, City Hall doesn't look like a steakhouse and the entrance can be hard to find (keep going down Camelback West and turn in across from Neiman).  You walk into a cozy, upscale venue that doesn't demand you be dressed to the nines.  It's equally a great place for the date of a lifetime or an upscale hangout with friends (there is a loungy area by the bar with live music).This is the place where waiters replace dropped forks before you've reached to grab it, where they are talkative but make the best recommendations ever, and where you will stop talking because the food is just too good to slow down for conversation.The steak speaks for itself--just order it.  I still have other favorites in the valley, but their steak is definitely in the top tier of quality.  It is the sides that totally make this place.I never thought I would like creamed corn--this place makes it southern style and I basically ended up stealing it from my husband.LOBSTER MASHED POTATOES.  These changed my world.  Seriously.  I can't even make this.  It was creamy and meaty and flavorful and enough to eat for lunch for the next two days!  I took this to go and thanked the Mastro's staff while I reheated it the next day.  This place isn't cheap, mind you.  It'll set  you back just like any high end steakhouse dinner.  So make sure you are hungry and you are ready to appreciate it.Anytime husband wants to meet me after I'm done shopping, this is my go to place.  I absolutely love it.So much food we took enough home to feed us both for lunch the next day and part of dinner!They also separated all the components for me so that everything could be reheated separately.
4	Another 4-5 star steakhouse.  My co-worker and I were out in AZ and I had asked for a one off style place to eat and the valet suggested this place.Food was good, not great.  I had the Ahi-Tuna Sashimi style.  It's really hard to screw that up so I can't really judge based on that meal.  However I did have the brussell sprouts as a side dish and was not impressed.  The service was very, very slow at the beginning with a solid 5-7 minute wait before anyone even came to our table.  The place was not busy either.  Once to the table the service seemed to get better though.The atmosphere was filled with rich warm woods and a collection of etched glass paneling so it was very nice.  Light fixture were really cool and the bar area had a really cool red ambient lighting to it.  The only problem.....the lighting was too low!  I mean it's ok to dim it down a bit but not to the point I feel like I'm in a cave.All in all I would recommend this place but probably sit in the bar next time just to make sure I had ample lighting even if it is red :)
5	Got into a conversation today at work about best steak houses.....I know everyone has their favorite so this discussion can really end up being a long one...but it reminded me that I have never reviewed City Hall. I've been here 4 times now. (In a group of 14 for a work function, on a date, with a friend from out of town and with my mom who came in from out of town) The group function visit was the only different experience I had as they setup a Pre Fixe menu for us as opposed to opening up the whole menu. The other times it was full menu. Now...as I said earlier, people will argue to the death about steakhouse greatness but I am really a huge believer that most amazing steakhouses are equal in flavor but are only separated by finer points like service quality, atmosphere, drink choices and sides. for example...I dont think you can go to a better fancy steakhouse in AZ then City Hall. Their steaks are dry aged and cooked perfectly, the atmosphere is great for a steakhouse, it feels alive yet intimate at the same time. The service staff has been friendly and knowledgeable everytime i've been there. I've had the NY Strip, Ribeye, Rack of Lamb and Grouper there. I've also had their Creamed Spinach, Lobster Gnochii (sp?), Mashed Potatoes, 5 Cheese Mac & Cheese, Sauteed Onions, and Grilled Asparagus. Honestly? there hasn't been anything in that list I didn't like....I think I would pick the ribeye over the lamb and NY Strip...but there was nothing wrong with either if that is your preference. Honestly if you are in the mood for fancy steakhouse.....I dont think you will find a better place in AZ then City Hall. However if you are in Vegas....go try the Chili Rubbed Ribeye at SW SteakHouse inside the Wynn Resort.....best steak i've had in my life hands down.
5	You get what you pay for!!! We celebrated our anniversary at this wonderful place on June 30th. The service was outstanding, extremely knowledgeable server with very helpful suggestions. They had excellent entertainment at their piano bar. While the music was great, I also appreciated the fact that I could hear it AND carry on a conversation with my husband!! We started with drinks that were superb...one drink will take care of you at this place! We both had steaks which were to die for....the best I've ever had. Better than Flemmings, Ruth's Crisp etc. I wish we had shared a steak as we ate until we were nearly sick!!! We saw people leaving with shopping bags of leftovers. We were traveling and didn't have that luxury... Or we would have had a shopping bag too! They even surprised us with a HUGE piece of chocolate cake and divine whipped cream and wrote Happy Anniversary on the plate.....did I mention how stuffed we were??? Yes, it's expensive, but for a special meal....you can't go wrong!
5	I discovered this place on the first occasion for lunch but now will probably be the place I have my wedding rehearsal dinner!  All I can say is top notch!  Well, I can say a few things more but I havent been all the wya through the menu yet! Excellent service, great bar, friendly servers and wait staff and oh so beautifully romantic atmosphere!  Thank you for impression my mother and father in law to be!  I will be back every change I get!
4	Deeeelish! Great steaks, one of the best I've had. I split the 50-something oz. bone-in rib eye Australian beef special of the evening and it was just divine. It was well marbled, cooked rare-medium plus just the way I like it, and full of flavor. I obviously couldn't eat my share and I wish there was a homeless person nearby that we could've packed our leftovers for. He or she would've had a feast! Everything was great..you definitely get what you pay for!
3	Normally I would give this place a 5 star - but the food and service lacked in my opinion.Maybe the have entered their comfort zone, or maybe I caught them on a bad night - but some things were great and some were not so good. Start off - they had a Salmon special - but only one piece left. They had other kinds of salmon, but not this one. How that happens when you just opened for the night - is beyond my understanding. But just one and I asked for that - blackened. For some reason I am a huge fan of blackening seafood - and I just imagined it would be awesome. So Salmon arrived - beautiful and cooked to perfection - except is was not blackened. Not really a way you can fix that - the fish would have been overdone and dry when they 'blackened' it - so I ate it plain. The fish was outstanding in flavor - but there was no way I could be overly excited because it was not to my liking. Nonetheless - I would go back again - hopefully I can have fish the way I want and hopefully they don't have only one piece for the night.
4	Overall, just this shy of an utter delight. The shrimp cocktail made a great impression with the oxymoronic jumbo shrimp suspended in cocktail sauce above a boiling cauldron of dry-ice steam. The horseradish and sauce combo was something close to ambrosial.I ordered the bone-in filet done "rare-plus" and believe it to be some of the best prime beef I've experienced. My friend had the porkchop which also was done just right. The sides were the gorgonzola mac and cheese and a dish I almost refuse to believe were brussels sprouts: they were THAT tasty. We left with 5 boxes of leftovers, and neither of us could be called dainty eaters.The atmosphere spoke of swank in a way that a high-dollar steakhouse should, with friezes in glass panels and blood-red lighting throughout. So what holds me back from 5 stars in this case? Well, at this level of pricing ($47 for the filet a la carte) in a place like this on a Friday night, no customer should need to remind the server twice to bring water. And we did.So, not quite perfect. Would I go back? I think so.
5	Holy Mother of God
5	Great food, but Huge Bill!
5	The wait staff was excellent, the food very good, the atmosphere was calm and soothing.  I really enjoyed it.
5	The best steak in AZ !!! WE love seating at the bar. Great bartenders, strong drinks, good ,usic, great people watching and amazing steak !You just can't go wrong .
5	I have eaten steak on 4 continents - the filet (bone-in or not) is the best in the world. This place is not cheap, especially if you add a glass of vino, BUT, for special occasions, impress a date, seal a deal or to enjoy the best steak in north america, this is the place to go. Ask for Alan as your waiter. You will not be dissapointed.The sides are amazing - creamed corn (light on the cream), the gorgonzola mac-n-cheese and their house pinot (or reisling if its summer) won't let you down.
5	Just stepping inside, you get an immediate feeling that this is going to be really REALLY good. I clutched my wallet several times to make sure I had not forgotten it. It would take a hell of a lot of dish washing to pay this bill! I had not even sat down yet! On this visit I was with out my niece, my brother and his friend. We sat in the lounge where live music provided jazzy energy to the room. It seemed like the ceilings were low and the glass partitions between the dining room and lounge were just illusions. There was a flurry of activity from the various servers and other guests. The place was jumping! one by one, our white napkins were immediately replaced with black ones as if to signify we were an active table. We selected sparkling and still water for the table although all of us ended up drinking the sparkling. It seemed to be the perfect rinse for our palettes. Our Martini's, however, were the best rinse of all our woes. a bread basket that featured a variety of crusty temptations arrived next. We ordered the standard steamed spinach and garlic mashed potatoes as our sides. Just because, we added snap peas and sweet potato fries too! My niece had just the Cesar salad which she said was amazing. That did not stop the rest of us from ordering the fillet. Once everything began arriving, it was very difficult to keep up. there seemed to be a dozen hands replacing silverware, collecting old plates moving and refilling glasses and shaking the last drops of poison from the martini carafes.Finally the meal was perfectly in place.  It was a sight to behold- everything was steaming hot and vibrant with color.  I don't have to tell you that it all tasted even better than it looked.Our server check in frequently.  the music continued to thrill and the meal settled in our bellies with satisfaction.Even though we were completely filled, it did not stop us from diving in to the drmy Butter cake with freshly whipped cream on the side.
4	Always enjoy my time spent at City Hall. My first stop is at the bar to indulge in there wonderful martinis and if you are lucky Tammy will be working. She is the most friendly and professional bartender and always remembers your name. The food is consistantly good. The only reason I give City Hall 4 stars is because they need a new lounge singer and updated decor.  I would spend more time at this establishment if the talent was better.  My husband and I will see you soon Tammy, with out earplugs in :)
5	bone in filet with creamed corn and mac n cheese....orgasmic
3	Missed opportunity. During restaurant week you have a chance to grow your business. Why not collect comment cards and ask for e mail s?Why not give a little more and at the end of the meal offer to book the next visit?  The managers in this town have no idea how to drive business. They missed every opportunity. The waiters act like your crappola if you order of the featured menu. We didn't even know that this restaurant was participating. We came in blind.  The minute we decided to order from the restaurant week menu we never saw our server again he was not interested. We spend a fortune wining and dining. Nice work.
5	Me and my girls made reservation to eat here on a Saturday night during Restaurant Week. The place was full of energy and people when I walked in, I was amazed at all of the platters of sizzling food as we waited to be seated at our table.As we were seated the waiter noticed I was wearing a black skirt and immediately switched my white napkin to a black one...A++++ on that alone! I started with a glass of Cabernet and they brought out the bread basket..man that thing is dangerous. I must have had a least 2 pieces of the pretzel bread with butter before we even ordered. We all decided to order from the Restaurant Week menu it came with salad, filet, garlic mashed potatoes, creamed spinach and a choice of dessert. The presentation was awesome, several servers came out to our table and presented our steaks at the same time and served our sides to us as well. Mmmmmmm the steak was cooked just like I asked and it had this delish crust on the outside but then it was moist and juicy on the inside. And the garlic mashed potatoes were so rich, buttery, creamy and yummy I could have made a meal off of those alone. My friend's steak was undercooked and after not getting it quite right the 3rd time the manager came out and said he would take care of it for her. Great service!!! For dessert I went for the 5 layer chocolate cake, it was good not the best I've ever had but rich and chocolaty :-) There was a rowdy bachelor party in our section that night, they even invited us over to take a shot and to congratulate the groom! Since I don't have it like that yet this is definitely a special occasion place since it's pretty pricey. I will definitely be back to try the lobster mashed potatoes I saw on the menu!
5	Yes, it's true that I would have been happy eating anywhere on the night of my birthday while getting wined and dined by my bf, but it just so happened that I was taken to City Hall, so it was a delightfully tasty night!The minute I stepped into City Hall, it felt like I had left Old Town Scottsdale and entered a city steakhouse in a Chicago or SF. It was cozy, dark and smelled absolutely delectable. We began the night with some cocktails at the bar. I ordered a delicious fruity beverage and enjoyed it as as the evening air blew through the open doors of the patio. Following our cocktails, we were seated in the dining room and the birthday feast began! We enjoyed delicious pretzel bread, crunchy Cesar salad, filet, macaroni and cheese and Lobster mashed potatoes. That's right. Lobster mashed potatoes! Every bite was bliss and I ate until I couldn't psychically take another bite. The mac and cheese has got to have about five different cheeses in it and each bite is filled with gooey cheese that melts in the mouth. The Lobster mashed potatoes are just as delicious as they sound and are filled with butter garlic and plenty of Lobster meat. The portions are hefty and we luckily had leftovers to enjoy tonight! The food is delicious, the atmosphere is cozy and the staff is friendly and helpful. I'm not sure there's much more than I can add, but if you're in the mood for delicious steak and complimentary sides, I suggest keeping a Mastro's in mind.
5	Have been multiple times on business dinners.  Seafood tower rocks and, I've said it 3-4 different times now, BEST STEAK I'VE EVER HAD.  Be sure to get it "Oscar Style" if you go!  If you like anything more cooked than medium, go to Golden Corral and eat that crap.  This place is reserved for the true steak lovers.  (Pretty good eye candy as well.)  Pricey though so be prepared.
5	This is the best steak in the valley, period. I've been here quite a few times and every single time it pushes the bar even higher for me. The bone-in filet is the probably the best thing I've ever ate. The lobster mash potatoes are phenomenal, as is the gorgonzola mac n cheese. There really isn't anything bad to say about this place.
2	Only had drinks there on my birthday, but the experience was pretty bleh.  Inattentive and condescending service.  I realize this is part of a small chain of jerkish, faux-high end restaurants catering to cougars, the douches who are their prey, and the creepy, lecherous old guys who are their alimony meal ticket, but you'd think they could muster a smile for a guy paying their prices.As to food, I'm plenty happy with the steaks at Ruth's Chris to risk suffering through their uninviting dining room and elitist service again.  I realize I'll have to find my condescending bleached blond hookup for that night somewhere else, but so be it.UPDATE: Got an email from the manager in regards to this post; it was total form email with no sincerity to it.
5	Everything was perfect including the band and service was impeccable.   Lobster mashed potatoes were orgasmic.   I had a double cut pork chop w warm spinach salad.....
2	I've been to many mastro's and typically leave happy.  I had the bone in filet which was mediocre/good and for the price charged that just isnt acceptable.  Crab cakes were tasty but not as good as another restaurant in town that were amazing (eddie v's)!
5	Great Atmosphere, Food is great, as well as the service. Go early and have a drink and peoplewatch at the bar
3	As we were leaving Mastro's, I told my husband to take a look around because I didn't think we'd be coming back soon. The vibe is nice but the food and service leave a lot to be desired. To their credit, the lobster bisque may well be the best I've had. After that, it all went downhill. I ordered medium rare and my waiter said that would be cold and red, and that if I wanted it warm and red, I should order medium. I took his advice and my filet was cooked through on the edges, pink in the center, and very dry. I should have stuck with my instincts. I don't think that would have done anything for the flavor, however. It was very under-seasoned. Same thing with the creamed spinach. No flavor. My husband had the porterhouse with the same experience. Also, the lounge act is ridiculous. It might be different when you are sitting in the  main dining room, but we were stuck in a "cozy" back room where the music was piped in and it was like listening to a wedding singer they paid with a groupon. For $50+ a plate, I think we can do much better.
3	I went here for a friend's birthday. We wanted to hang out in the bar area to have drinks, appetizers, and listen to the live music.  It seemed like no one wanted to serve us, but by the time we had a table and started to order our service got better... It just took a while.  We were there after the dinner rush so I don't know why they were being so difficult.  Our drinks and food were very good and ended up being a fun night.  I just don't know if I would come back.
3	I went here for a holiday work party and thought it was okay. My biggest problem was that it smelled bad, like smelly fish bad. It's hard to shake that smell. The decor seemed a little dated but most steakhouses kind of end up looking like that. I ate a bunch of side dishes (as a vegetarian) and thought the mushrooms and garlic mashed potatoes were the best. The cuts of meat looked huge and everyone I was with really enjoyed them. The flourless chocolate cake was very yummy but also very rich and thick and I doubt a single person could finish the entire dessert after a big steak, so order dessert to share.
4	I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner around New Years, and we had an excellent experience. Good service and amazing food. I'm not usually a huge oyster fan but since it was J's birthday, we ordered oysters as an appetizer. Let me tell you. Best decision EVER. These were, by far, the most amazing oysters I've ever eaten. Order them, it will be the best decision you'll make that day.I had the bone-in filet which was, of course, delicious and perfect. The bf ordered Chilean Sea Bass because it was recommended by our server over his other choice of rack of lamb. I personally would always choose a steak because this is a steakhouse but he wanted something different. The sea bass was good, but not as amazing as he wanted it to be. But like I said, it's a steakhouse, you should order steak. Nonetheless, I'm fairly certain he enjoyed his meal. We also had the Lobster Mashed Potatoes which is definitely worth ordering - buttery, with large chunks of lobster, and just melt in your mouth goodness. Note that the side serving is generous, so one side is probably more than plenty for 2 people, especially if you've ordered an appetizer; between the two of us, we had a good amount of leftovers for snacking on another day. (The mashed potatoes were a lovely pre-dinner snack on New Years Day while we were recovering.)The one negative I have to say is that I have eaten at other Maestro's that I feel have a bit of a nicer ambience - or maybe we just came on a particularly busy evening - it was loud and felt very crowded. Even though our table had plenty of room, I still felt fairly squashed. Don't get me wrong, I still enjoyed the food, and would return here for another special occasion. I just don't expect a super intimate setting - cozy and dark, yes, but with the addition of lots of chatter from the bar, which to me, changes the ambience.Tip: Reservations are a must for busy nights - and try to be as punctual as possible. We were running late and they said they would only hold our table for an additional 15 minutes.
5	There is not one bad thing to say about Mastro's. From the service, to the beverages, to the menu - everything is top notch and classy. They say it is an "unparalleled dining experience" and they are not lying. The ambiance in the place is wonderful. I've been there a few times and have tried a few things. I always get the Filet because it is as close to perfection as is humanly possible. The steaks come out on scorching hot 400 degree plates and are placed in front of you with sheer decadence. The mashed potatoes are incredible. The Lobster mashed are the greatest thing ever. The mac and cheese is to die for. It is the perfect blend of cheeses and creaminess. The asparagus is perfectly scorched (in a great way). You will not regret your choice.
4	Great service, great food and great atmosphere. My ribeye came out over cooked and they comped it. Ordered it medium and it came out well.  Price is high to eat here but check it out and you will see why. I'll be back next time I feel for great steak and seafood.
2	I was here years ago and my memory of the night was of great food and company (Jason K I hope you read this), so it was with high hopes at my visit 2 weeks ago.  The steak was real good...which is to say it was about what I would make on my grill with supermarket ribeye. Very disappointing.  And my party was given the bum's rush as we were finishing our drinks after dinner (if my dining companions ever read this my pseudonym is blown)...."we have another party that would like this table....drinks are on us if you want to move to the bar". I'll chalk that insult up to a rookie waiter, but no excuse on the pedestrian steak at what purports to be a top quality steak joint.
5	We just got back from a fabulous meal at Mastro's City Hall.  I've never written a review about them before, but I thought it was time. Everything about the meal was exceptional from the service, ambiance to the food. We had the Dungeness crab cocktail and shrimp cocktail which were both super fresh. Then the steaks and king crab legs along with scalloped potatoes and sugar snap beans. I forgot to mention the excellent vodka martini's. Our server brought us two different vodkas that we had never tried and they were both excellent.  I might just switch from Belvedere!There are many choices for a great meal in Scottsdale, but Mastro's City Hall is at the top of the list.
2	I was only going to give it 1 star but the bread (especially the pretzel bread and the olive bread) and wine were at least good!  My friend and I are on a quest to find the best tuna tartar in the valley....why?  Well, why not, I guess!  She'd googled something like "best tuna tartar" and City Hall came up in her search.  So sad it did because I wish I had my time and money back.  They need to send someone over to The Mint to see how tuna tartar should be made!  The price for the tuna tartar was $18 which I'd HAPPILY pay if it was GOOD but it was awful!  Instead of a nice bowl of tender delicious tuna like we had at The Mint, we got a tri-level blob on our plate.  The bottom layer was what I believe were crushed up chow mein noodles of some sort....bland and boring!  The next layer, which was about 3/4 of the blob, was guacamole....WEIRD!  And it wasn't even a nice bold flavorful guac!  Like the chow mein noodles, it was bland and boring.  Then in a VERY thin layer smeared on the top were some small pieces of raw tuna.  And guess what?  It was bland and boring too!  No surprise there, huh?  So we very disappointed to say the least.  We also opted to try the seared ahi tuna.  Another mistake!  I've eaten a LOT of ahi in my life (Salt Cellar always has beautiful ahi!!) and when I order seared ahi, I expect it to be put on a very hot grill for just a moment and then turned over for another moment and then off so that the inside is still nice and raw.  Everywhere I've had seared ahi from one side of the US to the other has been prepared that way.  At City Hall it was cooked all the way through and it really ruined it for me.  It almost seemed as if we were eating canned tuna.  Not impressed!  We would have complained to our server if we ever saw her!  I was finally able to flag her down and get our bill but by then, we didn't have time to say anything as we needed to leave.  Kudos to the valet at least! I couldn't find my ticket and was searching my purse for it when all of a sudden my friend said "hey, he's got your car already!"   The place was pretty full so I was pretty impressed that he remember what car we were driving.....Onward and upward to our next stop on our tuna tartar tasting tour.....
2	Hate to say it.  Sometimes it just comes down to the meat.  At these prices I expected way better in terms of preparation.  The people were great.  Our waiter was very attentive, keeping my bottle of beer off the table and refrigerated, then coming back to refill my glass every third sip or so.  That's a bit over the top to me but it seemed to make him happy.  Ambiance?  Well, the lighting is very nice, but really it's a big rectangular floor.  What are you gonna do with that?  Well, they put table after table after table.  Not much imagination but lots of room to bring in the business.  As I said, sometimes it comes down to the food and Wednesday night was no exception.  My medium rare rib-eye was at best medium-well and WAY over-salted.  When will these places learn that a few non-nonchalant flicks of the wrist in the kitchen with the salt shaker can quickly equate to the immediate destruction of what was once a very nice piece of meat?  I was at a business dinner so I just wasn't going to spin the cycles to send it back.   GUYS in the kitch!  Listen! (hands on your shoulders and shake, shake, shake)--lay off the salt and medium-rare means I need to see blood!  This isn't Wendy's.3/2 addendum:  Only fair that I make note of the fact that less than a week after I posted my review someone at Mastro's reached out to me over email.  If nothing else they seem to be concerned for their image and as such they would like me to come back in and give them another chance.  Fair enough, except I only budgeted for one Mastro's visit in this lifetime.  I don't know if I am willing to gamble the price of a Mastro's dinner check on something that has so far been sub-standard, but I thought I should pass along that fact that they reached out to me.  When I am back in Scottsdale I will give the idea some consideration.
3	We absolutely loved the assorted breads that were brought out at the beginning and we also raved about the oysters we had for appetizer. Delicious! Thanks yelpers for that appetizer tip!I had the petite filet and it was pretty bland. I've had much, much better. My husband had the fish that was a special and highly recommended by the waiter. The presentation was terrible and it just tasted ok. We had mac & cheese and mushrooms for sides and they were good.The restaurant has a nice atmosphere and a big bar area that was fun to wait at and have a drink before our table was ready. The waiter/service was ok, but nothing like you would expect at a nice steak restaurant. One other thing, I can't stand having someone in the restroom "assisting you" with the soap and towels and feeling obligated to tip. I think it is cheesy and irrating.I probably would not go back to this restaurant.
5	I was in Phoenix last week and our group went here for dinner.  It was fantastic.  This is a very good steakhouse.  My only problem is that Arizona does not allow corkage in their restaurants.  Arizona state law.  I had brought with me as luggage a case of mixed California killer cabernets and showed up at the restaurant with 6 of them.  Well that got shot down pretty quick but very professionally.  I ended up ordering off their wine list which was not bad.  Food and service are top notch here.  Highly recommend this place.
5	Mastro's hardly needs another review since most people know this restaurant is five stars all the way. Last night my girlfriend and I spent our three year anniversary at the City Hall location. We sat in the bustling bar area with the band playing nearby. It was the perfect location for people watching and not too close to the band so we could hear each other.  I usually go to Mastro's Ocean Club about once a year and this was my first time to the City Hall location and I think I like this one better now. We started with the calamari as an appetizer. It was deliciously breaded and came with an excellent dipping sauce. For the main course we shared the Chilean Sea Bass and a 12oz Filet Mignon. The Sea Bass melts in your mouth and the filet was cooked to medium rare perfection. Our side dishes were creamed spinach, gorgonzola macaroni and cheese, and scalloped potatoes. Each were phenomenal. Nothing wrong with this meal. Our $51 bottle of Charles Krup Cabernet was a great choice to accompany our meal. It reminded me of an even better J. Lohr.I forgot I mentioned that we were celebrating an anniversary to the hostess when making the reservation about a month before. So when we were greeted with a chocolate cake at the end of our meal it was a very nice surprise. It was delicious and a perfect way to end an outstanding night. (check out the pic I posted)For a more relaxed atmosphere, sit in the dinning room area. For a more fun and active nightlife type of scene, I recommend sitting in the bar area. There is also nice outdoor seating by a fireplace.
5	Best Steakhouse in Scottsdale!! Our waiter Bobby from Thousand Oaks was flawless and treated us like family. The Porterhouse melted in my mouth. My wife loved her bone in filet. The desert white cake was divine. Excellent experience!!
5	As good a steakhouse as there is! Proof that money does buy you the finer things in life. This place is on the steep end of the price scale. But you know that coming into it. The food and service is prime...Note: Place is very dark and the noise level can be tremendously loud!
5	The best steakhouse. Fantastic food. Great atmosphere. Very fun. Perfect for a group. It is loud in the bar area, but we were with a group on a Friday night so it was exactly what we were looking for. It is very expensive, but worth the money
4	Came in near closing time just for a butter cake dessert. Service was a bit concerned by our arrival but happy to know it was just for dessert.It was fabulous as expected and we ate it all. The location in downtown is great.
5	I loved this place. My husband and I shared the porterhouse which was perfectly prepared medium rare and split for us at no charge. We also splurged on the lobster mashed potatoes which, at $34, seemed over the top...and they were! We only wish the bread hadn't been so good so we could have eaten all of our meal and maybe shared a desert. Oh well, we will just have to go back.
5	Warm butter cake! It is the signature dessert of the restaurant that is sweet and fluffy in a round cake that can feed 2 or 3 easily. I really don't have the words to describe it but suffice it to say you need to get it. And do what we did...have your dessert first! That suggestion got the server an extra tip!As for the rest of the meal, it was heavenly. The steaks and the sides were huge. I had the prime rib and my companion had the ribeye. Both were delicious. There wasn't anything bad about the meal. We were there two weeks ago and the restaurant was full particularly the bar. The dining room is dimly lit and intimate. For those who are visually challenged in dim light, bring your readers!
5	I love this place! My husband and I go about twice a month for date night. Sometimes we sit at the bar to get the entertainment factor. You'll know what I mean when you go and I ain't talking about the live music. For a more romantic cozy dinner we sit in the dining room. The lobster mashed potatoes are a delight to the senses!  Anything on the menu is delicious. I love the 12 oz filet, it only cost a few bucks more than the 6 oz so it is a better "deal". The place is not cheap, But it is by far the most delicious steak and seafood you will ever eat!  The butter cake with fresh berries and made to order whipped cream is a heavenly dream. What are you waiting for!  Get in your car and go!!!!!
4	If you want to know about the food, there is not doubt that the steak here is out of this world!! I really can't remember what parts of the cow I ate, since I had a little of this and that, but I do know it was all buttery and delicious, cooked perfectly.  The butter cake at the end was a fabulous, but as rich as it was, I really only needed a few bites.  The gnocchi was delicious.  All complimented well by the Layer Cake Shiraz.    Now for everything else, the ambience is amazing.  It's very modern and romantic.  Nice bathrooms, nice decor, the bar has a fabulous live band that actually sounds like a CD if you're not paying attention.  If you come here on a Saturday night, you probably won't be paying attention...First of all, I've heard of these steakhouses where a girl can put on a dress and heels, and come away with her meal paid for by some rich bastard. This is that place.Ladies and gents, just an FYI, this place is 90% men.  If you are a female hanging out at the bar, expect to be swimming through testosterone.  This can be good or bad...I write this review wondering if I should be ashamed of writing about taking a free meal, or ashamed to be bragging about it a little...what the heck, none of the above... let me brag.  I'll just call it "helping a sister out".   Lots of large tables of sausage parties here, I'm just saying...definite entertainment value here...Oh, and the service was pretty good, a little lackluster at their busiest time, but it was really really packed that night.  Note, it was almost impossible to find the entrance to the valet.  I circled twice around. I think there might have been some construction around the entrance.  I will come back the next time I'm in Scottsdale!
3	I've been here several times and the food/service is always phenomenal just like all the other Mastro's locations.  However, on my last trip here last week for my father's 69th birthday, I came to a realization.  I realized that this location is geared toward younger, club-going people.  Between the very dim lighting, loudness and type of music playing over the speakers in the main dining area it became clear that this was "Club Mastro's".  I know the music is meant to quicken the pace of your meal and get you the heck out of there so the next group of suckers can sit, but I don't want to spend that type of money on a dining experience if I am rushed; directly or indirectly.  Plus I don't like to yell to others at my table and then strain to hear what they are saying.  Keep in mind was 6:00pm on a Saturday.Anyway, I must say again that the food and service were excellent.  Every bit of food that I put in my mouth from the bread, to the salad, to the steak and sides, to the dessert were all top notch.However, at my old age of 31 I think I'm going to stick to the other regular Mastro's locations and dine with the older folk.
5	Love the atmosphere and professionalism by staff. The food is to die for... Great place for apps,dinner or dessert. Have the pound cake (:
3	In a sentence: Liked, didn't love.In a novel...Came here for my wife's birthday in February (this review is long overdue), and had a reservation noting the occasion. The host staff was great about it, at least 3 different people wished her a happy birthday. It was a nice touch. We were walked back to the dining room and seated in a booth/table combo at the back of the restaurant. Ambiance was nice, I like the decor. VERY dark, but well lit in the right places so you could read a menu or see your dining partner. The tables are relatively close together, and we were pretty close to the other diners around us, but it wasn't too bad. The dining room is actually really loud, since they pack a lot of tables in there, the conversations work together to create a lot of sound.Service was very good and attentive, we never wanted for anything. I started with a glass of wine, which was great, and the bread course. I thought the bread was OK, I'd heard the pretzel bread was amazing but I thought it was so so. We ordered salads, a Caesar for me and an heirloom tomato salad for my wife. My salad was good, my wife thought her tomatoes were a tad mealy...Not ideal for a $16 salad. We each ordered bone in filets, with a side of scalloped potatoes and a twice baked potato. Filets were both cooked perfectly, medium-rare and were tender and flavorful. I didn't think the bone in was any better than the best bone out filets I've had, and it adds a fair amount to the price. If/when I go back, I'll stick to the bone out filets. Sides were just OK. The scalloped potatoes were a bit too cheesy (weird to say, but it was true), and the twice baked potato was so smoky from the bacon that it overwhelmed the flavor of everything else.The dinner overall had been going pretty well, and we were really looking forward to the City Hall signature dessert, their butter cake. A few minutes after our main dishes were cleared, our server said "your dessert will be right out". The only issue is, we hadn't ordered dessert...We figured if they're making a decision on our behalf, they will serve the butter cake. Our dessert came, and it was a piece of their chocolate cake. I love chocolate cake, but it's not my wife's favorite and we were there for her birthday...The dessert was on the house, so I know it's petty to complain about it, but when all we'd heard about was the butter cake, we were disappointed that we weren't able to try it. Overall, the dinner was pretty good. The steaks were the highlight, but everything else fell a little flat. The issue is, for the price, you expect more than "pretty good". I would gladly come to City Hall again and give them a second chance, and now that I know my way around a little bit, I might be able to navigate my way to a better overall meal.
5	Great patio for dinner. A hidden gem of maestro's.
1	There are far better options for price and quality.
5	My boyfriend and  I went there while we were vacationing. The atmosphere is great, the food was amazing and our server Jenn was excellent! It was a great combination and just made the night even more memorable. I definitively would go back, worth every penny!
5	WOW! I love steakhouse. This  is by far my favorite.  Not sure if it was because of the food or the awesome service. Jenn was one of the best servers we have ever had, she made our experience exceed all expectations.  Steaks melted in our mouth.  Can't wait to go back.
5	great restaurant...just ate here Sunday night...Good bar atmosphere, and great food and service. Corell was an awesome server and the food could have not been better. The pork chop was great!
3	The butter cake was the best part. Food was good but not great... Its expensive so be  prepared to drop a hundred bucks per person.
5	I have business associates from Germany that visit annually.  I brought them to City Hall a few years back and now I think they make the trip just for the steak and seafood tower at City Hall.  We dined here again this past Friday and it was another spectacular meal.  The bone-in filet (Oscar style) cannot be beat.  Save a tiny bit of room for the butter cake...quite a nice way to wrap up such a great dinner.  See you again soon CH.
5	Now this place knows what a steak should taste like steaks were absolutely awesome,juicy, and cooked to perfection, there side dishes were also very tasty if you have a few bucks to spend this would be the place to go.
5	Hands down, best steak of my life. We split a bunch of side dishes and they were all excellent, I especially loved the crab & truffle gnocchi and the lobster mashed potatoes (I know, that might have been a little too much). The service was fantastic. One thing to note is that it's very loud, we had a party of 6 and had trouble hearing each other. Don't let this stop you from eating at Mastro's though!Take this advice: no matter how full you are, order the butter cake for dessert. I promise you won't regret it. I can't wait to come back here - hopefully sooner rather than later.
4	Best steak in phoenix.Yes this place will set you back quite a bit, but if your in the mood for something that will clog your arteries then get ready. I had the 12oz filet medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. It was served on a sizzling plate. My wife and I shared the lobster mashed potatoes which was ridiculous. It was swimming in a sea of butter by the way, a little overkill but nonetheless delicious.Desert is a no brainer. Order the butter cake, best thing on the menu i promise you. Overall I dropped about 175 bucks for 2 people without drinks, but well worth it..
5	Let me start off by saying, this place is awesome!!!!I had the filet medium rare and it was one of the best filets I've had. The Lobster Mashed Potatoes are a must. It was my favorite part of the meal. Huge chunks of lobster and creamy mashed potatoes. The creme corn was good as well, but I would go there just for the lobster mashed potatoes. If you don't try the lobster mashed potatoes, you are missing out on the entire experience of Mastro's.As for dessert, the warm butter cake is amazing. I would recommend this or the creme brulee. Warning, you will most likely feel like your stomach is about to explode when leaving there.On a last note, get the lobster mashed potatoes.
5	BEST steak in town hands down!  Great crowd, live music, professional servers, wonderful menu.  The LOBSTER mashed potatoes are a MUST TRY on the menu!! I had one martini and couldn't finish the second because the first one did enough damage :)  housemade whipped cream with dessert literally made me dance in my chair.  Fantastic, fun place to go on a date~!!
5	All I have to say is wow! This place is amazing! Our server was sweet and was very helpful when it came to the wine section of the menu and also helping us find a juicy steak, I wish I could afford to come here more often!
5	Everything was fabulous.  It was our anniversary dinner and it was off the charts.Mark was our waiter and if we thought about it he took care of it.  We loved the lobster mashed potatos!  Everyone should go here for a dinner they will not forget!
5	A group of four came here for dessert and drinks on a Saturday night after dinner elsewhere. This bar is one of the best place for people watching. The butter cake is the most amazing dessert ever. Our tab for 4 cocktails and 4 desserts was about $120, not including tip.  Little pricy, but worth doing once a quarter.On a side note, I have been to this location multiple times.  The food and service have never disappointed.  The filet and lobster mash are my favorite.  They do a nice presentation if you tell them it is your birthday.
5	City Hall is what I call my 'last meal' - I always eat here before I leave out of the country. It's also a great place to celebrate! Specifically, I come here for THE BEST SHRIMP COCKTAIL I've ever had in my entire life. The shrimp are gigantic and the raw horseradish served with it - allows me to make my cocktail sauce sooo HOT! It's the best horseradish I've ever had, hands down.It's great to have bartenders who know how to serve up their cocktails and wine. The red wine is served at it's proper temperature (THANK YOU!) and there is no hesitation when you ask for a classic cocktail like a French 75. Not to mention, they are perfectly balanced. Kudos to knowing your wine & spirits in additional to great food!We'll usually split some dishes, the filet sliced, chopped salad and maybe some creamed spinach and you're set. From service to ambiance, City Hall has everything covered!
5	We came here tonight because we had heard such great things about the food and environment, and based on our experience we were able to see why. Immediately upon sitting at the bar our bartender served us, which was nice.  Having just had dinner, we weren't too hungry but decided to try the Creamed Corn followed by the  Warm Butter Cake. A very polite server brought us our corn in minutes. The corn was excellent! It was sweet, but not too sweet.Finally it came time for dessert. The famous Warm Butter Cake! The cake was topped with ice cream, strawberries and oranges paired with the biggest bowl of whipped cream I've ever seen. This dessert is to die for! It was warm, moist, cold and so good that we honestly felt like we were in heaven. It was definitely worth making the trip for.A glass of champagne, a side, and dessert came out to about ~$30. Service was  excellent! I'll definitely have to come back here on an empty stomach one day to try their full menu because the food that kept passing under our noses looked amazing!
5	We stayed at a local hotel and asked for a steakhouse recommendation and am so glad we got got Mastro's City Hall Steakhouse as the place to go.  The steak was definitely the best steak I've ever had in my life (i had the porterhouse).  Also had a dessert, lemonchello sorbet, which was great.  The service was as great as you'd expect.  The price is up there, but we got more than we paid for.  Final note is this place has a hefty military discount.  Even if you are not military, it is worth patronizing a place that has such respect for our service men and women.  If there was a heavenly form of meat, this is it.
4	What a great steakhouse and seafood! Bone on filet and sea bass was amazing. Also they offer a great seafood platter that is a must!!! And you should try their roasted Brussels sprouts! Highly recommend this restaurant
5	In my opinion, one of the best steakhouses in town.  My husband and I go here for all our special occasions and have never had one bad meal.  The service is the best just like their steaks.  I recommend the Caesar salad, fillet, creamed spinach, cream corn, garlic and lobster mashed potatoes.  We will continue our tradition and keep coming back here.
5	A perfect 5 star in my book! The best steaks you can get in az, mushrooms to die for, and butter cake for dessert that just melts in your mouth! impeccable service and stiff cocktails! Comes with a price but as it should! Great place for a special occasion or a business dinner. You can't lose!
5	Impeccable food, great vibe, and quality service. I went on a recommendation during my last vacation, and couldn't have been happier. It rates up there with the best steakhouses at which I've eaten. While it is pricey, anyone going in should know what they're getting into. A really great place!
5	I love the food, service and will be back soon!!! The Prime Rib melts in your mouth!
5	yum great service and great food!!!!
5	Went here yesterday with the family to celebrate a birthday and it was amazing. This is my second time to City Hall and we will definitely be back! The service is outstanding and they do a great job accommodating and helping you make your way around the menu, etc. We started with cocktails and our server recommended a drink not listed on the menu; a cherry lemon drop. It was delicious and the presentation was great, too. It comes out similar to the seafood tower and is so cold the drink bubbles when they put it in the glass. Very cool. We got the seafood tower where they will give you almost any number you like for each option, which is certainly helpful when you have a table of people who can't decide! For the meal we got a variety of their steaks: ribeye, porterhouse, KC strip and all were perfectly cooked and seasoned. Absolutely delicious! Our family is in the meat business and my dad said it was one of the best steaks he had ever had. We shared the lobster mashed potatoes (amazing!) and some mushrooms. All in all it was a great place to have a celebration!
5	Very very good Chop house. Great wine list - loud fun atmosphere.
5	AMAZING! Delicious food and great atmosphere! Very Pricy but  WORTH it!  This place is a great treat and has a fabulous atmosphere. The lobster mash potatoes were mouth watering as were the steaks!
5	You spent the afternoon day drinking when you should have stayed home and done your laundry. Now you're going to pay the price.Mastro's offers a unique dining experience rivaled by few restaurants with its over the top food, ambiance, and service. In fact, I doubt few can take exception with any aspect of this fine establishment. It's simply that good.If what you're seeking is a place where you can dress to the nines, be seen by Scottsdale's elite, frittering the night away in elegant surroundings, Mastro's is the place for you.A steak is around fifty bucks, a potato eleven, but in its defense, it is a one-pound spud that'll feed the entire table. Other notables were the lobster bisque, chopped salad, grilled buttered brussels sprouts, and scalloped potatoes. Steaks are normal sized and easy to wolf. The ahi is thinly sliced and layered, presented in the size and shape of the entire fish. In a word, huge. This entree will feed two adults handily. As mentioned, all of us were burnt crispy from an afternoon of prodigious day-drinking, making cocktails, wine, and aperitifs forbidden.The portions of starters were big enough to feed the Cardinal's front line, making dessert out of the question too.In fact, now that I think about it, I have no idea why we came here. Everyone was tired, grumpy, and ready for bed before the server even introduced herself.And, since I didn't stay home to do my laundry like I should have, I found myself wearing an old pair of ill-fitting jeans (tight would be an understatement) that squeezed my guts so badly, I could have leveled the entire scene with a lone weapons-grade fart sortie. Four hundred bucks for an elegant evening of food I wasn't in the mood for, people watching I could have done without, and a drive home that'd make Jack Kerouac's journey seem like a jaunt out to the mailbox; this as I squeezed back a stomach full  of angry heaters the entire ride. I'll be back, but next time it won't be because it was the only place we could locate  with early enough reservations to insure none of us passed out in our salads.
4	A fine establishment.  I think I have eaten in every Mastro's from the Ocean Club in Dana Point to the Ocean Club in Vegas to every steakhouse in between.  I can't tell you anything you don't know.  Everyone loves the bone-in filet, lobster mash, and butter cake.  Really what is better is a bone in ribeye, the truffle crab gnocchi thing...and anything chocolate.  They have a recipe on line for the butter cake it's actually pretty simple to make.  Took a date here.  Regretted it not because of the high unjustifiable prices but becaue of the people watching.  Couldn't keep my eye on my date and was checking out the crowd.  Saw an old guy (70+) white guy think a Dick Cheney look alike with a pretty attractive 20-25 year old chick who was not his daughter.  Obviously a paid situation.  I got drunk and my mouth started flapping.  I guess I yelled at the restaurant at the end of the meal "Look at the old guy with the escort."  I'm a mess but it's a good spot.  Food's good, drinks are expensive, crowd watching is awesome.  I wish they sold popcorn and $2.50 Bud Lights I'd be here every night.
5	My husband surprised me with a very nice dinner at Mastro's City Hall last night. We sat in the bar area at one of the side tables. We enjoyed a bottle of sparkling wine with our dinner. The beef carpaccio was delicious and it was a very large portion. Great to share.  I loved my  half portion of the Mastro's salad (with lots of shrimp). Its great that they offer half sizes on salads and sides.The server (Andrew) was very attentive and friendly. We will definitely be back!
5	Super expensive but worth the money best steaks in the valley!!
5	What's not to like! Mastro's is in a class by itself. Period.Look good, dress up and enjoy a fabulous evening without unexpected surprises. Service, ambiance and quality can be expected and delivered without compromise. If you are visiting or celebrating a special occasion this restaurant is the place. Yes you can compare it to St Elmo's Indy, Mo's Milwaukee, Gibsons Chicago, Hyde Park Cleveland and several other of my favorites but down here away from my Midwest home there is but one true Steakhouse. OK now the inside info: the bar is skilled, order your way, coldest martini in town. Everything is ala carte so I suggest splitting two sides (they can feed 4) one must always be the mac and cheese. A crab cake appetizer will be enough for two and is as fresh as in Maryland. You can order any of the others as well and I can say they are all worthy. Order any steak take your pick, they are also in varying oz so you judge. When you ask for medium rare it will be medium rare so order exactly as you want it. In my 10yrs going here they have never missed. Yes you have to order the warm butter cake but take it home (they gladly bag everything for home) and have it next morning with coffee, it truly is worth its hype.One note, if you are here for a quiet dinner and a relaxed setting be seated in the dining area. The lounge is what they say, loud, active and "available" not a bad thing but just a heads up.You will not forget your dining experience here and will feel the expense was worth the evening.
5	Best Steak Ever. That is all.  Everything on the menu is amazing. Go now.
4	Went there for a business dinner during a trip to Phoenix. Was highly recommended by the local hosts. Wasn't disappointed.The place is great, nice ambience, elaborate menu and elegant service...The drinks and the desserts were great too. Ordered the pork chops for the entree...Alas, it was overdone and dry. The only disappointment in an otherwise great evening.
5	This is my first 5 star review on yelp, enough said....
4	Mastro's does not need me to write a review for them.  They are just EXCEPTIONAL period.  We went there on 9/27 for hubby's birthday. Drinks were a bloody mary and a Brandy Alexander.  He wanted his bloody mary spicy but upon arrival it lacked horseradish. Lauren, our server, quickly took it  and brought it back with ample horseradish.  He tasted it and said something was missing.  I volunteered that it was Tabasco.  After all, that is essential for a good bloody mary.  Lauren brought some Tabasco and after he added it, the Bloody Mary was perfect (I have to deduct one star for not getting birthday boy's drink right).  My brandy alexander was made with ice cream.  In the east they use cream, here ice cream. OMG.  Amazing drink.  Readers, you have to try it.  The assortment of breads was great.  Hubby only eats bread out because he is watching his girlish figure but this bread basket was his demise.  Ciabatta breads, olive bread, garlic flavored breads, pretzel breads.  Shall I go on like Forrest Gump?  His appetizer of smoked salmon was delicious although not as good as the smoked salmon they sell in Paris in a common supermarket.  (I don't know how the french do it.  Their food is so above the mark.)  Anyway, his smoked salmon came with capers, chopped red onion, baby cucumbers and many pieces of toast.  I was wondering if after all that he could eat his meal.  I ordered the french onion soup made with Gruyere cheese (that's the cheese it's supposed to have, not mozzarella or swiss) It came piping hot in what I thought a metal jar that was really too big for me.  The broth was not too salty as happens often.  I finished it off and I think the french onion soup finished me.  Now for the entrees:   I foolishly fed hubby some fine steak at home the night before we went (DAAAH...) so he was not up to steak.  He ordered a 16 oz veal chop and sweet potato fries.  I had ordered one crabcake from the appetizer section as my entree and it came accompanied by some micro-greens, a lemon, tartar sauce, all nice and fresh, but I couldn't touch any else since I had had that sinful brandy alexander, assorted breads and that delicious french onion soup. ( I had it the next morning and the crab cake was delicious: almost no breading and all crab! Micro-greens were slightly spicy and dressed in a very, very light dressing: wonderful)  By the way, the take-out containers are beautiful, black boxes that could be used to wrap the finest of gifts.  Just saying.  These people go all the way on quality.  Hubby ooo-ed and ahhhhed over his veal chop but he didn't believe it to be 16 0z as indicated on the menu.  I think that's the pre-cooked weight.  The sweet potato fries were not to be believed.  Firstly, the portion.  They were in a basket that was overflowing when they arrived at the table.  It could easily feed 5 people so if you are ordering them, remember that.  I am not a sweet potato fries fan but they looked so light and airy that I sampled them.  They were absolutely delicious.  Birthday boy was at his finest with all this good stuff around him.   When I thought that he couldn't enjoy himself more,  he ordered his birthday cake:  Chocolate Sin Cake.  It arrived on a creme anglais on the bottom of the plate with his name and happy birthday written in chocolate sauce, AND a separate bowl FULL of whipped cream.  I tasted the whipped cream and that was home-made stuff!  Yum.  The Chocolate Sin cake was slightly warm and hubby's eyes began to twirl in his head from the deliciousness of it all.  I am so glad I chose Mastro's City Hall for his birthday.Many thanks to our server, Lauren, and to the staff who made it all possible.
5	Incredible service. Exactly what you would expect from a Mastro's venue.Everything was perfect, and to add a cherry on top, they brought out a beautifully designed desert for my wife and mine's anniversary on the house.Had an amazing evening. Can't wait to go back
5	There's nothing not to L-O-V-E about this place (well, maybe the bill but that's out of the subject :)It has been hard for me to fall in love with a restaurant here in AZ, but City Hall has never let me down.The shrimp cocktail is awesome. The size of the shrimp is kind of scary, I wouldn't want to cross paths with them while swimming in the sea!The shrimps are super clean, meaty, tasteful and the sauce and horse radish is awesome. Great starter.I had the Argyle pinot noir which was pretty good.I also ordered the bone-in filet which was delicious, tender, cooked to perfection (which is hard to find).If I had to criticize anything, I would like to have a little more of light (just a notch).
5	Fantastic service and food!  I have been here twice and would go again.
5	Greta place to be on a Friday night. We sat in the lounge area, next to the bar, and danced to the sounds provided by the live band. The food was top notch however, I did order the house special ( Ono Fish) that came out way under cooked. The waiter claimed he put on the ticked that I had asked for it to be cooked medium, but he took the blame and said he wrote it in error.  I have ordered fish many times and have never ever order it medium.  Non the less the manager came out and took it off our bill. The rest of the food was AMAZING!Crab mash potatoesRack of LambMac & CheeseThe butter cake with ice cream was to die for!!  We are already planning our next visit.
4	Iv been to all of Mastros restaurants now, and none have ever left me dissatisfied. Its what you would expect, nothing more, nothing less. Although the loud music can be a tad overpowering at times, you can always request seating away from the noise if your coming for a more intimate date. The bar is nice for a more casual setting. Drinks are always delicious, as is the food (no matter what you order). This may be a steak house but all of the options on the menu are equally impressive. Never tried their desserts (far too much of an indulgence for me)...but, rumor has it they'll just melt in your mouth. Personally, i would recommend the fish special.
5	Had dinner in the piano bar area.  Seafood tower, mack & cheese, and butter cake - Everything was delicious. Well dressed crowd. Great atmosphere.  Great martinis.  Great end to my trip to Phonix.  Pretty loud but that's what I expected.
5	I finally got a yelp account so I decided to write reviews for all my favorite restaurants and Mastro's City Hall Steakhouse is definitely on my list. I have gone there for my friend's bday (and because it was so good) went back for my bday and my husband's bday. The restaurant has both a quiet dining room and a loud fun bar / lounge area with a live band. Each time I've gone, I sat in the bar and had Johnny as my server. He has made our dining experience even better by giving great recommendations on both food & drinks (and wine)...it was like he could read us perfectly. I highly recommend City Hall and if you go ask for Johnny, you won't be disappointed.
2	Is it a steakhouse or a singles bar?  With the music blasting out of the bar area, it is difficult to tell.  There are steak options every few blocks here in the Valley of the Sun, so skip this one and go to any of the other fine options.
4	came here the other day to celebrate my birthday and had another great experience, at another Mastro's Steakhouse.having had my birthday dinner at the Vegas Mastro's the year before, i knew the bar was set high, and Scottsdale did not let down!first off...wine selection...one of the best...period.steaks. amazing. the kansas cut...perfectly charred on the outside...bleeding red and juicy on the inside...chewy but still tender...tasting of meat and butter...my favorite cut of steak to grub on...also had the stone crab claws for the first time...i had an inkling that these bad boys were overpriced (15 bucks for 1 is insane) but damnit, it tasted amazing...served up with a nose clearing horseradish and some other creamy sauce...it was a sweet flaky piece of seafood that i thoroughly enjoyed...ordered up a iceberg wedge salad with plenty of chunky blue cheese and bacon AND also ordered up the lobster bisque...creamy, rich, lobster flavored bisque with heavy chunks of lobster sitting at the bottom of the bowl...amazing.last but not least. truffle gnocchi. by the time this came out with my steak, i was completely stuffed...and BOY is the truffle gnocchi rich...bursting with black truffle flavor, this dish is borderline "too much" for my palate...it didnt help that i was already at capacity when i started eating this as well...next time...no appetizers and no bread before the meal!!!service was very good.cost...expensive BUT well worth it...not to mention i got a "HIGH ROLLER" badge from Yelp with my check in there!!!
4	Great place to have an intimate dinner, fantastic food and music. Wife and I have been 3 times she gets the chicken,me the steak...oh so perfectly cooked and seasoned it melts in your mouth. Can't plan our next trip back soon enough!
5	Looking for an incredible steakhouse in AZ and not concerned about the damage you'll do to your wallet?  City Hall is the way to go!I've been to City Hall more than a handful of times through the years as well as it's sister concepts: Ocean Club and Mastro's in North Scottsdale.  You cannot go wrong with any of them.  I just happen to prefer City Hall because of the convenient location to where I live and work!I've been to meet a friend or two for happy hour at the bar, I've been for a bachelorette party, and I often go for celebratory date nights with my husband... as we did on this past Wednesday evening to celebrate my birthday!  If you're up for a bit of a scene, some live music and great people watching, I highly recommend sitting in the bar.Let me reiterate: this is a high end steakhouse.  Expect to valet your car and bring cash for the bathroom attendant as well.  But you get what you pay for.  Service is top notch and the food is the best quality I've found in the state and beyond.Starting with drinks, there are plenty to choose from.  I am a dirty martini girl and they make a mean one here.  It's actually two for the price of one, since they bring you the entire shaker and refill it when necessary.  Awesome wine list as well.In addition to the complimentary bread bowl which comes with my favorite pretzel rolls in town, my fave appetizers are their oysters, calamari, and seafood tower if you're with a group.Next up, I am a huge proponent of the Mastro's House Salad.  Tip: it's large, so my recommendation is to share it with someone.  If not, you could easily make a meal of the salad, the bread bowl, and a drink!And for the main course, if you're going with steak, go for the Bone-In Ribeye, and if you're more in the mood for fish, I say Chilean Seabass all the way... you can split either of these also.  Both arrive on Mastro's signature hot plates, and they've always been cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Pair 'em with your favorite sides - you really can't go wrong here although my top picks would be sweet potato fries, creamed spinach, steamed broccoli, and grilled asparagus.  I've never heard anyone complain about the signature lobster mashed potatoes either.By now, you're definitely full, but keep drinking or hanging out digesting until you make room for dessert.  Don't miss the Mastro's Signature Warm Butter Cake.  Thank me later!  You can't go wrong with the Key Lime Pie or Cheesecake either, but again, that butter cake is to die for!On my recent birthday visit, I enjoyed many of the items mentioned above except for the dirty martini and oysters... I'm prego at the moment, so sadly, I had to pass on both.  But after this baby comes, I can't wait to go back for another incredible meal.  Who wants to join me?!
5	The food is always phenomenal  and the service doesn't miss a beat. While some might find the enviroment a little loud and dark, I think it makes it less stuffy and more accessible to a not over-the-hill crowd. get there a little early ahead of your reservation time- lots of scottsdale bimbos trying to cut in line.
3	It kills me to give such a low rating to a Mastro's Steakhouse...I've been to most of the Mastro's around the country, and the food at the Scottsdale location does not disappoint. The factor that DID disappoint was their hostess staff. Here's a quick summery of what occured:I called early in the day to make reservations, was informed that 9:30pm was the earliest for that evening. No problem, it was a last minute reservation, I could understand. We show up around 8:45 to try and grab drinks at the bar (was overcrowded so decided against that), I checked in with the hostess just to inform her that we were there. She rudely snapped at me saying that they were behind, and that they might be caught up by my reservation time. Again, no problem, I wasn't expecting to be seated early. We waited patiently in the front lobby, along with other groups of guests...9:30 came and went....10:00 came and went. At 10:15pm, I begin to notice that there were groups who arrived after us who were being seated. I approach the hostess and ask when we might be able to get our 9:30 reservation, and she starts yelling saying that they were busy. By 10:30, we are the only people left standing in the lobby. So I again ask if we were going to be seated, especially since everyone who arrived after us was already seated at this point. She starts yelling, again, saying that it is impossible that they would seat anyone who arrived after us. I turned around and pointed out that there was no one left in the lobby...except us...where did they all go if they weren't seated? Surely we were not the last people to arrive on a Saturday night...since we arrived 1hr 45min ago. She proceeded to rudely call another hostess over and said "fine, seat them," and rolls her eyes at me. Thanks Alexis...for a night I will never forget. Low and behold, once we were seated, there were plenty of empty tables. Anyways, that was the end of the horrible part of the evening. Many thanks to our wonderful server, Bobby, who picked up on the vibe that we were upset and really made our dining experience enjoyable. Gratitude to the GM as well, who personally came to apologize for the long wait. Those two individuals were the reason I gave this Mastro's 3-stars...one star for each of them and one for the ever-delicious food. (Recommendations: Shrimp cocktail appetizer, bone-in ribeye, butter cake desert)I really hope that the hostess staff was just having a bad day and that they don't normally treat their patrons like the way they did that evening. Will I eat at a Mastro's again? You bet...Will I ever eat at the Mastro's in Scottsdale? Never again
5	Best steak in town period.
4	Love this place! Always good food and great service! We had a private room which was great.
5	We had dinner here last Monday night, great atmosphere, excellent food, we sat at the bar and our bartender Tammy was not only friendly but made our experience that more enjoyable. We will be back and will recommend this to friends and family.
5	Steak cooked to perfection.
5	This place beats the pants off of Ruth's Chris!! I couldn't believe it! The best bone in filet I've ever had! We love it so much that we have made it a family tradition to go every year around Christmas time as a group. Make a reservation just in case they are too full especially around the holidays! Also ask for Alan he is our favorite server  & he's the man!
5	I went to mastro's scottsdale steakhouse and it was fantastic..the steak was delicious and the lobster was excellent.  we had sweet mashed potatoes and sauteed mushrooms and they were delicious.  The drinks were great and the service was excellent.  I would suggest only ordering one side because the meal is so big and heavy you don't need all the side dishes.  This is a high end dining experience...if you want great steak in arizona..you must go here!!  we left full and very happy!
5	They get it right every time, and what a fest!
5	The GF had been raving about this place for sometime now so we decided to go. I must admit, it was all she cracked it up to be. I have NEVER been to an upper high end restaurant that was so crowded you would have thought you were at a TGI Fridays. That just says one thing. The food is AWESOME along with excellent service. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to be undoubtedly satisfied when spending at least $200.00 for two!
5	Recently visited for our first time and wow, were we impressed! Fantastic food delivered with fantastic service.  I've been a fan of the Palm Steakhouse over the years and have been disappointed they haven't chosen to expand to AZ, but now I can get an equal or better meal here at Mastro's!  Can't wait to get back again.
5	best restaurant hands down, my bf & mine FAVmy bf and i have been here prob over 50 times. we moved back to Canada now but visit AZ every 3 months and always go at least once to the city hall mastros.I really like the ocean club one, but my bf insists on this one.amazing foodgreat barwonderful service
4	Great service.  28 day wet aged steaks.  good mix of red meat and seafood. Awesome sides that are family style so great for sharing.  Bone in strip is the signature.  Try the lobster mac and cheese.  Really good.  Great wine list.
1	This is our third time trying this place.  We keep going back because all our friends love this place, but have never once had good service and this time even the food was off.  Our appetizer (crab stuffed mushrooms) arrived barely warm, undercooked, and was literally tossed onto the table by a back waiter.  My steak was blood rare, not the medium rare I ordered.  The lobster tail my husband had was broiled to a crisp, I could actually hear him chewing it from across the table, and that is a very loud restaurant.  And at one point during the meal, management came over to set up the table next to us and were beyond obnoxious.  If you've ever sat at one of the banquette tables, you know how little room there is.  I had an employee bent over the table next to us with her butt literally in my face for about five minutes as she adjusted napkins and glasses and silverware.  And then she shone a light on the glassware, I guess to make sure there were no liptstick smudges, and every piece of glassware was streaked and smudged and etched with scum.  As soon as the light clicked off, it looked beautiful so those lights are dim for a reason.  We went for a special occasion, we will never go back.  For what they charge, the whole experience was an outrage.
2	I have been bringing clients and friends to your restaurants for years and had nothing but stellar results.....until last night.  I am very disappointed (as well as embarrassed) by the way the evening unfolded.  Yes it was a crazy night, but it was a Saturday night in December and anyone with anytime in the restaurant industry knows what that means.  The management at the City Hall in Scottsdale should be ashamed. It all started with our reservations for 8 (under my coworkers name Kanouse) set for 7:30.  After standing at the front door for 45 minutes, we were finally seated at 8:15.  The evening continued to go downhill from there.  It started with several of the cocktails arriving incorrect.  Multiple requests for additional bread were made to several staff (including a manager) and never materialized (this became more important given the fact that our entrees did not arrive until 10:15, 2 HOURS after being seated).  Several guests in my party ordered the 28 oz Prime Rib, the "special" of the evening, only to be told an hour after ordering it that they "were out" of the offering, this occuring relatively early on a Saturday evening.  Multiple times we waited there for quite some time with empty glasses waiting for someone to either fill them or take our order for another coctail.  A seafood tower arrived with considerably less on it than the usual orders I am accustomed to.  And to top it all off, several of my guests ordered the "recommended" key lime pie, only to be informed 20 minutes later that it too, like the special prime rib, was no longer available.  I'm sorry but you would think that for a dinner for 8 costing $1,300 (including tip), a little better evening could have been expected.  I am very well aware that the Mastro's restaurants are capapble of providing a first class evening, but on this particular eveing the ball was definitely dropped.  VERY DISAPPOINTING. William SkeltonFountain Hills, AZ
5	Customer service at its best.  Christmas Eve and the restaurant we had ressies at 'lost' them and we were basically told we were SOL.  After frantically calling around only to be told time and again, we're booked, spoke to Donna at Drinkwaters and she told us they'd find room for us, come on down.  Showing up, though terribly busy, we were seated in one of the dining rooms that was out of the busy, noisy dining areas.   The food, as usual, was outstanding and the butter cake stood up to its reputation , the wait staff impeccable .    Expensive, yes, but worth it.    When folks ask for places to eat in Scottsdale, we'll be sure and tell our story of the fantastic customer service demonstrated on Christmas Eveat Drinkwaters.
5	Pretty spendy, but the steak was certainly well worth the price.  I had the Kansas City cut -- the very best steak I can recall having.  For side dishes we had green beans, Brussels sprouts, and lobster mashed potatoes.  The lobster mash was completely unnecessary and over the top --way too much food for even four hungry guys.  (It tasted ok, but could have, should have, been a meal all by itself.)  We also ordered two bisques and two salads
5	Great place!Quality!Quantity!Best steak my brother John and I have had in years!
5	This has been the best restaurant experience (x3) I have had since moving to Scottsdale from NYC. Unfortunately, the next time I come, I will have to sell off my first born-- well future first born.Everything is right about City Hall. The ambiance, the service, the food. Dear god, the steaks are orgasmic!I have been in Scottsdale for 10 months, and the food scene here is reminiscent of NY in the 19--- well, no its not reminiscent of any time period of NYC.  I applaud many of the up and comers and hope they are able to find their footings, but the way to keep your customers is to provide exemplary service. To date I have only found that type of service here at City Hall.I don't need a hipster server to take a seat in the booth with my date and I amd start pointing to various menu items- um- you are not eating with me!I don't need a server to pull out crayons and start circling menu items on the place mate cuz, I am NOT 5 years old!As an adult, I do like having a cocktail at the bar, served by a very professional bartender, having my cocktail brought to the table (and in some cases have the tab transferred). The live music, is on the muzak side, but that kitsch is the only thing that is out of place here. Though, may I say it is fun to sing along in my Wayne Newtown swagger!Very attentive waitstaff going through the gi-normous offerings of the menu and cautioning to not over order (thanks!) and bringing the extra Atomic Horseraddish to make my face feel like its about to fall off.The Porterhouse is to die for, Seafood, amongst-- NO-- the freshest I have had in Scottsdale (yes, even fresher that the Salt Cellar) The desserts, well lets say they are heavenly. Hard to eat the molten cake after gorging myself on a ridculous amount of food, but YUMMMM....But it all comes with a price. I have been lucky to have come here with an ex- boyfriend that loves this place. But now that he is gone, I will have to resort to selling my furure first born child on Craigslist to sate my desire to have another porterhouse at City Hall.
5	If you want a great steak without having to worry if your steak is going to be cooked correctly, go here. My boyfriend took me here for graduation dinner and it was very nice. Our server was great. He was knowledgeable about the wine menu and recommended an awesome bottle to go with our seafood tower. The tower was good, I love that you can order exactly how much of what you want (1 prawn, 4 king crab legs, whatever you choose). The steak was absolutely perfect. Definitely order the butter cake. It might just be the best cake I've ever had, and the strawberries that came with it surprisingly had that garden fresh taste that is hard to find anymore.
5	Before a NYE vacation in Scottsdale, I was told that Mastros was a MUST TRY-- and I am SO delighted that we did!  I was in with a group of 12, and the food and service were both EXCELLENT!  Fortunately, being in a large group allowed us to try a lot of different things.I would recommend the following: Shrimp cocktail-- VERY large shrimp and REAL horseradish-- fabulous!  Any of the sushi - fresh and great!  Bone in filet- many in our group had filets and they were incredible.  Lobster tails-- this was my entree and I loved it!  Sweet potato mash-- like a dessert! Garlic mash- fabulous!  Steamed broccoli and spinach were great sides. To finish your meal, the Butter Cake is an ABSOLUTE MUST-- it melts in your mouth and is definitely big enough to share!
5	Had my birthday dinner here. First, the service alone is worth 5 stars. Really rare to find this top notch service. Ate outdoors next to the giant fireplace, which was great as it was Christmas. Prime rib, lobster tail, scalloped potatoes, creamed spinach, strawberry mule. I haven't had a meal like this in a long time. All the food and drink was top of the line. It's been almost a month and we still talk about the perfect experience. This is the level of quality you really don't find much these days. Inside seemed crowded and loud, so if your looking for something more intimate, definitely reserve a spot on the patio.
5	I got the petite filet. The steak is so melt-in-your-mouth tender it really is like butter!  Better than any Ruth's Chris or Morton's out there!Roasted brussel sprouts were so good, the sear/char tasted almost like buttery popcorn!We sat in the dining room, but there was a singer, guitar, and piano player in the bar area.
5	Mastro's City Hall was awesome!  The food was absolutely delicious and definitely worth the splurge.  (And for the reviewer who gave them 3 stars because there were no good vegetarian options, umm it's a steakhouse, what were you expecting?!?  Go to Pita Jungle if you want vegan/vegetarian/GF, etc).  Anyway, we had reservations for 6:30 pm and were seated promptly.  It was our first time there and our server was very helpful in explaining things to us and offering recommendations.  We started off with a midori sour which was great and then started in on our bread basket.  There were four different breads, a flat, crispy parmesan bread, an olive bread stick, a regular or sourdough roll and a pretzel roll.  All were great.  Then on to dinner...We did not order any appetizers or salads because we wanted to save room for the good stuff.  I ordered the bone in filet in a medium rare plus (so cool you can order between two 'doneness' levels).  It was an absolutely delicious, melt in your mouth, flavorful steak.  The best I've ever had (and I've had fillets at The Keg, Firebirds, Ruth Chris, etc).  My husband ordered the porterhouse and he said it was the best steak he's ever had as well.  We were literally eating it and with every bite talking about how good it was!  We chose three sides to accompany our dinner and honestly it was WAY too much food for us.  We said that next time we went, we'd only get one (although that would be hard to choose which one to get).  We got the asparagus, which was topped with fresh garlic and was cooked tender-crisp, which was perfect.  We also got the gorgonzola mac and cheese which was phenomenal.  We also got the sweet potato fries (I think 5 potatoes were used, there were so many!) and they were very good too.  Finally, for dessert, we ordered the cherry cobbler and the warm butter cake (both served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and homemade whipped cream).  Since we were celebrating our 13th wedding anniversary and had stated it when making reservations, they made this really pretty plate with "Happy 13th Anniversary" written on it in chocolate and proceeded to congratulate us when they served us dessert, which was a nice gesture.  The cherry cobbler was good (I am not a big cherry fan, that was hubby's choice) and the cobbler part on top was awesome.  Now the warm butter cake was out of this world!  My hubby ditched his cobbler and proceeded to devour my warm butter cake, stating it was the best dessert he'd ever had at a restaurant.  It was delicious, fortunately I was so full, I was happy to share (lucky for him :)).  We thoroughly enjoyed our visit and were even more surprised the next day when they called us to see how we enjoyed our visit!  Although very pricey, this place treats you right and delivers amazing food.  A wonderful place to celebrate a special event for sure!
5	Yes, its pricey but so worth every bit of it.  rack of lamb is amazing.  never do I eat lamb but I have the last four times I went.  Fabulous martinis and great oyster selections.  Be sure to tell them no pepper on the Oysters...why they do that, who knows but they do.  Good oysters need no spices.Its really not a place for children but my 5 year old enjoyed it.
5	Wow!  This place rocks.  We were in town for a seminar and asked a  few people for recommendations on a steakhouse.  This place  seemed to be on a lot of locals radar.  The place was fantastic!  The atmosphere, the food, the drinks- all top notch.  I shared the 48oz double porterhouse with a friend cooked medium rare plus.  It was perfect- juicy and cooked throughout and amazingly on the table within 10 minutes.  The brussel sprouts and sauteed spinach were also delicious.  Had a very generously poured Manhattan served with a refill in the shaker.  The Key Lime Pie, vanilla butter cake and chocolate sin cake were all amazing as well although I would've been content with the dish of fresh whipped cream that accompanied the desserts.  All in all, a very enjoyable experience.
2	No one has mentioned the fact that you need to be a bat to walk into this place...very overrated.  Wait staff handed out flashlights to read menu.  Seriously!  Oh, and the plates need to e that HOT!  Truly overlooked our steaks before we could enjoy.
4	I came here for a business dinner in which we were entertaining a customer and give it 4.5 stars.  I think this restaurant is a fantastic dinner out if you are paying with a company card, but I am not sure I would return if I were coming on my own dime.  First the positives.  The food was outstanding.  The seafood tower was the highlight for me.  Everything was so fresh and delicious.  The oysters in particular were fantastic.  I also loved the "atomic" horseradish.  I am big fan of spicy, and that hit the spot.  My steak was very good but my colleague's sea bass was even better -- I think I would get that over the steak if I were to return.  The sides were all outstanding.  The lobster mashed potatoes were amazing with huge chunks of lobster and the gorgonzola mac n cheese was SO good.  The roasted brussel sprouts were also fantastic.  The butter cake dessert was also delicious.  Our waitress did a great job with wine recommendations and everyone was really pleased with the bottles she helped pick out.  Service was excellent and at the level to be expected at a place like this.There were a few negatives however that prevent me from giving out that elusive fifth star.  The restaurant itself is very dimly lit, to the point where the waitstaff carries flashlights for the wine list.  I did not love this, but not a big deal.  Our waitress was pleasant but she upsold everything.  All of her recommendations were the most expensive items on the menu and she convinced us on several occasions to go for more expensive items than we originally planned to order.  I have to hand it to her, she's a great saleswoman, and since it was not my own money, I did not mind.  However, if I were here with my husband and we were paying, I would have found that irritating.  The other annoyance was the bathroom attendant.  I really hate having to spend a dollar every time I go to the bathroom.  It's just an awkward experience having someone turn on your water and pump your hand soap, totally unnecessary.  And finally, as I mentioned previously the steak was really good but it was not amazing, which is what I was expecting based on the waitress's description.I would definitely recommend Mastro's for a corporate dinner out and would love to return if I am in the area again on business.
5	5/2013 Update: We returned to this wonderful restaurant, and it was even better than the first time we went.  Service, Food, and Drinks were all outstanding.  The management team here is amazing.Original Review:My girlfriend and I celebrated Valentine's Day here yesterday.It was terrific.The food was amazing.  Huge portions so we had an amazing lunch today.The cocktails were amazing.  Service by Bobby was amazing.  They even gave us a rose at the end of the night!The only things that could use improving: -Service at the host stand was slow.  Granted they were very busy and their computers crashed, but we arrived for our 6:30 PM reservation and were seated at 6:50 PM.-I understand wanting to list off specials, but the amount of things that Bobby had to tell us before we could order was ridiculous.  Way too much.-Oddly long wait times for a few things:  pretzel bread (which was awesome), the dessert, and the to-go boxes.  We actually waited so long for them to box up our leftovers we started to get concerned they accidentally threw it away.Definitely a great spot for a very special occasion.
2	Really disappointed.  I used to love this place, and the butter cake is awesome, but our last meal here was slow, our sides were lukewarm, several of our entrees were prepared wrong, and the service was inattentive at best.  The manager stopped by to ask us how everything was about 30 seconds after the food arrived and I hadn't even had a chance to cut into my steak yet.  He never came back by and was nowhere in sight when we left.  What happened to this place???  There are better places to have a great steak.
5	Awesome location.Awesome staff.Awesome margaritas.Awesome steaks.Awesome dessert.Well deserving 5 stars!
4	I always get annoyed when nicer restaurants don't serve fountain drinks. I don't want a goddamn metal bottle of diet coke; I want a bottomless glass of watery addiction. That being said, this Mastros was a bastion of familiarity for this Angelo traveling to Scottsdale. Chagrined that although nominal hours are until 1 am, the kitchen closes quite a bit earlier. At least they still served us the warm butter cake.
5	Deserving of the many accolades it has gotten here on Yelp. This is a very very classy place to dine and the service is impeccable. The steaks and seafood are absolute top shelf.
5	City Hall does it right....fantastic steaks....fantastic service. A bit pricey...but worth it.
4	My husband and I only go on special occasions like anniversaries or birthdays due to the cost. But it is sooooo worth it. And my favorite part of the meal the butter cake. The best dessert I have ever had. Save room and big enough for 2 to share!The steaks are always good and if your not happy with anything let them know and they will gladly fix it.Lobster Mashed potatoes are good but not worth the cost.
5	I wish I could give them 6 stars. Absolutely amazing experience. Exceptional service, drinks. Best steak I've ever had (bone-in filet). The only thing that compares is when I had a steak from Mastros several years ago!
5	fantastic food and atmosphere. service was attentive without being overbearing. great wine list!
5	This place is amazing - its #1 for me in the steakhouse category and its my go to spot when i want to have an amazing dining experience. Everything from the atmosphere, the service, the food all the way down to the location are perfect. If you want the perfect meal follow my menu - crab cakes, build you own surf and turf with chilean sea bass and the filet, au gratin potatoes, any green, and top it off with a WARM BUTTER CAKE!!! Food coma!!!!
5	Perfectly aged and cooked steak! Great date night place ( hoping that my date next time will be be a gentleman. ..) but hey, at least I enjoyed my dinner!Love the lobster mashed potatoes :)
5	seafood tower is my fav! the oysters and crab mash potatoes are fabulous! i've been to a lot of steak house's and this one is my favorites.if you are looking for a romantic dinner or taking a special someone this would defiantly be the place.oh and the manger Jes there is wonderful. thanks again for everything.
5	You forget that there is still this level of service and quality of food until you experience again.  Had dinner here tonite with family.  from beginning to end the service and the food was outstanding.  I had the chopped salad, salmon and the table shared asparagus, lobster and mash potatoes and mac and cheese.  Everything was outstanding--although we didn't, the salads are plenty enough to share.  my salmon was flavorful and cooked to perfection--the mash potatoes and lobster and mac and cheese however were sublime.  Our server was fabulous--timed everything perfectly.    From now on--I am going to remember how this level of service and quality of food makes for a great evening.
5	If you like steak and mushrooms THiS is the place !!
2	Our favorite restaurant is Durants, but we decided to give Mastros a try for my birthday.  We were looking forward to the piano bar, and vocalist. Too bad, we were sitting 10 feet from the piano and still couldn't hear the music.  It is very noisy in the lounge.  A day later and we are still waiting for the vocalist.  So we went to dinner in the dining room.  It was very crowded, noisy, and dark.  I can't believe they charge $11.00 for one baked potato.  The food was OK, but the prices were some of the highest we have ever paid.  They initially got my main course incorrect, and I was delivered veal instead of lamb.  After quite a wait we both finally got our main courses.  When the waiter brought us our final check I asked if they did something special for birthdays.  He replied that they did, a piece of chocolate cake.  We told him that my husband had made the reservation for my special birthday, and the reservation specialist even asked him how to spell my name.  So we were presented with a piece of chocolate cake, and Happy Birthday drizzled on the plate.  Of course my name was not included.  The waiter felt bad for us, apologized and comped us for our appetizer.  So at least he tried to make things better.  We most likely will never return to Mastros again.
5	Decadent. Need I say more?We started with wonderful (free) breads and our server warned us the pretzel bread is addictive. My guess is there's 6500 calories per basket of bread, so pacing yourself is key.We skipped appetizers and dug into Mastro's always excellent steak and seafood. We had an 18 oz bone-in filet and wild caught Columbia River Sturgeon prepared on the grill and slightly blackened. For sides, we had lobster mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. For $37, this is the best Lobster Mashed I have tried with a decadent amount of butter- A cardiologist's dream dish!City Hall was swarming with professional baseball players including my dinner guest. Hence, the bread basket was emptied and the 18 oz filet completely cleaned. City Hall features a wonderful wine list and by my rough estimate, there's 1500 bottles sitting in the very back. Even wine by the glass has a reasonably good selection. Our server tipped us off that we should order out of the right 2 sub zeroes stocked with Screaming Eagle and rare Bordeaux's. Excellent meal!Food 5 StarAmbiance 5 starService 5 star
4	In Scottsdale for a weekend and visited 2 steakhouses.  One, Mastro's, gets high marks for everything - the other, Bourbon Steak... Meh.The crab stuffed mushroom caps and the seared ahi tuna apps were wonderful, but the real highlight was the filet.  It was not as thick as the filet I have come to expect from so often visiting Bob's Steak and Chophouse in San Francisco, but it was perfectly cooked and had a slight crispiness to the outside of the steak which was wonderful.  I would be hard pressed to say it was as good as Bob's, but it could be a very close 2nd place.A friend told me to try the lobster mashed potatoes, but they were not on the menu the day I was there.  So if reading this stimulates your desire to eat at Mastro's don't forget to add this to your order.I will definately go back next time I am in Scottsdale.
5	We chose Mastro's on a whim last year when we were AZ for Spring Training. We had such a great experience, we decided to go back. My husband and I shared a delicious shrimp cocktail and ordered the petite filet which was melt-in-your-mouth perfect. Brussels Sprouts were excellent. But then, I nearly passed out--through NO FAULT of the restaurant. When I became dizzy, the staff stepped up to calm and care for me. Paramedics were called, and I was taken to the ER. If I was going to have an emergency, this was the place to do it. Everyone was so concerned and caring. The manager called the next day to see how I was doing. That being said, I'm disappointed we didn't get to stay to for dinner as the food at Mastro's is superb.
3	OK yes, Mastro's is a very nice restaurant. Personally, I found it a bit too crowded for my taste when I went a few weeks ago on a Friday night.  Parking was a pain in the butt, and had to end up parking far away in the back, but there is valet parking available in the front.  The drinks were overpriced, and we received not-so-great service from the bartender.  When we were seated, we did receive good service. The food itself was OK for a good quality steakhouse, though I was not blown away, until I tried one of the best deserts I've ever had. People, you guys gotta try the Mastro's Signature Warm Butter Cake. Tip- Be advised the Caesar Salad has quite an anchove flavor!
5	Excellent food. Remarkable service. Beautiful atmosphere. One of the best steakhouses I have visited n the last couple of years.
5	One of the best steakhouses I've ever visited. Service, food preparation, and selection were all world class. If you're in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, you must check this out.
5	Well worth the $ for any occasion. Great service and I recommend dining in the lounge with live music for a fun atmosphere. I recommend the tuna tostadas (amazing), lobster mashed potatoes (crazy good), and the bone in ribeye (perfect). If somehow you are able to have room for dessert, I highly recommend the warm butter cake. If you are looking for high quality steak then you will be hard pressed to find a better spot in the Phoenix area.
4	One of the best steakhouses in Scottsdale, AZ. I go here when I have people visiting from out of town, birthdays, or a girls night out :).  My steak is always prepared perfectly well and butterflied to perfection. YUMMY?!?!?!!!! Can you say: "Warm Butter CAKE"? Well take a bite and you will just say WOW! I don't care for sweets but this is a must try! When ordering sides make sure you ask for light oil or butter, they soak in in the dishes but that is what makes it soooooooooooo good. Make sure you drink a lot of H20 for the sodium in the food will guarantee to get you swelling (in a good way) especially if you mix your food with a Xtra DIRTY Martini + Extra Olives. If you are visiting or just live in AZ, this restaurant is a must-have on your BUCKET LIST.  Bon Appetite & Cheers!
5	OMG!  First, the martinis.  From presentation to taste these are superb!  They leave the shaker at your table and so you get a full shaker of martini.  Be sure to plan for that with a designated driver, cause you will be tipsy.  In a perfect kind of way.  Then, on to the meal.  There were 3 of us and we got 2 petite filets and split everything.  We had leftovers, even with the smallest portion on the menu!  We got the Caesar salad (the least memorable part of the meal...I would skip that next time).  Then we got grilled asparagus (oh so perfect! and $11)), the lobster mashed potatos (again, perfect...as they should be for $34!), and the steaks ($39 each).  I have this aversion to blood in my meat, so I ordered well done, which is always a challenge.  The steak they brought out was medium rare...so with many apologies they took it back and the second time it was perfect.  And by perfect I mean no red, yet moist and so tender it was like butter.  I have great appreciation for chefs that can serve meat well done and do it right, and this place delivers.  And they didn't make me feel like an idiot for liking what I like!  Even the busboy was great.  These folks know how to do it right.  Dinner was $150, not including drinks.  We don't care for wine, but their selection looked amazing.
5	Ambiance, Music, Friendly staff (especially bartender Tammy) we had the steak and seafood, all delicious, the piano bar music was great, not too loud as some places tend to be - Tammy was knowledgeable about wines and we didn't have to wave her down...since this place tends to stay busy!! We love the atmosphere and the people we meet there.
5	My favorite steak house chain and I have experienced them all.  As I travel around the country, I always check out the local high end steak place.  This is as good as it gets.  Hedonistic.  Tammy at the bar is a true service excellence professional.  Highly recommend.
5	This was easily one of the best meals I have ever had, the atmosphere was awesome. Just an all around great dining experience. GET THE CHEESECAKE FOR DESSERT!!!
5	My favorite steakhouse in the valley.  I typically order the chop salad and Brussels sprouts, with a Gin Martini .  Service is impeccable, as expected for a high-end steak house.  Love the service at the bar and you always meet some interesting peeps! Got to love North Scottsdale
1	It's supposed to be an amazing place, but we didn't get helped at the bar. We were ready to pay and enjoy the food, but I have a hard time enjoying myself at a steakhouse when I'm not paid attention to. They didn't even come to ask us how we're doing until they needed us to move  over a seat. Horrible and rude service! then after all that, they ended up not needing the seats after all. We were so looking forward to a wonderful girls night out and a delicious dinner. I guess we will go to another Steak House where we will get the attention we deserve. Bummer!
4	Decided to eat here since I was craving a real good steak. Reservations were for a Friday night during AZ season (busy season). Valet was quick and prompt which I liked. Walking into the place, it was PACKED. I figured this was going to be the case, which is why I made reservations. We were not sat immediately, however we didn't mind and decided to get a drink at the bar. Once sat, we were given an entire sh-peel. Our server was very knowledgeable, but seemed a little rushed. Wasn't alarming so I didn't mind it. My partner and I started off with some oysters Rockefeller. They were pretty good and better than some of the other places I have had them at. For the main course, we ordered the bone in filet's and side of 4 mac and cheese. I ordered a cool blue rare and found it a little more on the red rare side (some of you steak eaters might know what I mean). It wasn't a big deal, as long as it was rare haha. Wine was good and so was the service. I enjoyed eating here and will be going back next month.
5	This place is great. Just like the Mastro's in OC where I am from. Service - Excellent! Food - Excellent! Prices - Expensive (but you know what to expect). Great experience. Note: Try the sushi. I would think to but did and it was EXCELLENT prior to having a steak!
4	Their steak is very good, however, you have to order it one step less cooked than you like it because the plate is so hot that it continues to cook the meat while its on the plate.  But the flavor is great, as well as sides - we had mashed potatoes and mushroom.  Also broccoli but that was rather plain.  The chocolate layer cake tasted/felt frozen and was not very good.  I would pass on both of these, but otherwise, a very solid steakhouse.
5	This was the 2nd Mastro's I've been to in the city.  My 1st experience was with their Pinnacle Peak location.  I was curious to see if the quality of the food and experience would hold up.....and yes it did!We joined a group of friends here for dinner and they accommodated 10 of us near the bar area.  We were able to enjoy the live music throughout dinner.  Of course, I had to order my fav dishes here:Wedge SaladBone-In FiletGorgonzola Mac 'n CheeseThe food was phenomenal, just like the other location.  The Wedge Salad is fresh and crisp....very refreshing.  The Bone-In Filet is simply out of this world....the Bone just adds so much flavor to it....yum!  The Gorgonzola Mac 'n Cheese is addicting and is worth the nuclear explosion of calories....I just can't say no to ordering it.The service is outstanding and we were well taken care of.  Our party of 10 felt like we were at home because we were so comfortable and didn't have to worry about anything all night.  We put away 5 bottles of Wine and the server ensured that we didn't have an empty glass until we were ready.Tip: The food prices are not cheap here...if you can't fade a large dinner bill, I don't recommend coming here.Can't wait for the next time!Return Factor - 100%
5	Best steak house in the valley!  The decor and atmosphere are enjoyable.  The staff is always top notch.  I only go here on special occasions because it is a bit pricey but the experience and amazing food is worth every penny!
5	Phenomenal dinner with my pops during our vacation to Scottsdale for Spring Training. The food isn't cheap, but what good steakhouse is? The service was first class from start to finish and I wouldn't hesitate to go again.
5	Absolutely love this place. 5 Stars through and through. My boyfriend and I came on Valentine's day this year and the service was excellent as well as the food. That night, we wanted to go all out so we each ordered our own steak and had the lobster mashed potatoes, and the butter cake for dessert. All of it was amazing. Most recently we tried it out a second time because we had gotten a gift card. They had sat us in the back of the restaurant but I requested to be seated in the main dining room and they of course moved us right away to a great little booth. I like the main dining room better because it has a see and be seen vibe to it and you can hear the music from the lounge area which is always great.Every time I go there we will always get the stuffed mushrooms and request extra pretzel bread. Every time I take a bit of those I just wish I knew how to make them myself. For main course we decided to share the Chef's cut Rib Eye and get the Mac n cheese and Brussel sprouts. I highly recommend if your shying away from Mastro's because of price, that is an excellent option. You get an unbelievably juicy and delicious steak, they split it for us into 2 plates and the sides were delicious. Thanks for another amazing night out Mastro's. Nailed it.
5	I booked dinner reservations for a group of about 30 people and every single one of them raved about the food, service, and atomsphere. Before dinner, every local who asked where we would be eating had nothing but good things to say--and they spoked the truth!The appetizers were delicious. Seadfood was fresh (we ordered the towers). We actually were too full from appetizers to eat our steaks, but what I did tastes was superb. Our waitstaff was imepeccable--wish I remembered the head waitress' name because she was awesome to work with. You will not be disappointed.
3	Great service, but the food does not deserve such a high price. Same quality food, ambience and service in another restaurant would be much cheaper.
5	If you go here, you must try the bone-in filet!  By far one of the best steaks I have eaten.  My wife and I stopped here at the end of a trip for our anniversary dinner.  We were greeted by friendly staff and had a waiter whose professionalism and top-notch service only added to the meal.Our steaks were cooked perfectly to order.  Medium-rare.  While the atmosphere is a little more lively than most steak houses in this price-range, the noise made for a fun and friendly feel.  The slice of chocolate cake with "Happy Anniversary" written on the plate was a nice touch.This was a steakhouse done right.
5	What else can you say??  Great atmosphere...great food and even GREATER Martinis! Had my first official date here with my Boyfriend and we have been together for 3 years!  We have been here many times too...and will come back many times in the future! From appetizers to dessert, City Hall gets it right every time....so when the time comes and we are getting ready to walk down the aisle...This will be my first choice for our engagement party!
3	The food and service were an A+.  The noise level and proximity of the tables made it impossible to hear or enjoy any sort of conversation.  The tables on either side of us spoke VERY loud in order to hear each other which meant that we ALL heard their conversations.  The tables were so close too that if people from the tables on either side of us got up, things were knocked over on our table. For the amount of money you are putting out for this food, it would be great if the atmosphere was a bit better.
5	This is the best steakhouse in town - hands down.  The filet and lobster mashed potatoes are impossible to beat.  Great (and huge!) martinis.  Great staff in the bar area!
5	We went here for our 10 year wedding anniversary dinner and it was the perfect place!  The best steak we've ever had and great service, we will be back for sure.
5	Absolutely wonderful!  The food is amazing, the service was impeccable and the atmosphere is trendy and inviting. Would definitely recommend!
5	i died and went to heave. it was an expensive trip!
5	This place is AMAZING!!  I had the best time here with my boyfriend at the time (fiance now).  We spent our 3 year anniversary here at City Hall Mastro's in Old Town Scottsdale.  We had a great table in the bar area where we could see everything going on and listen to some great music.  The service was great, decor was lovely, and the location is perfect.  We started with the calamari as an appetizer and it was delicious.  I had the Chilean Sea bass and he got the 12oz Filet Mignon. For sides, we got the creamy spinach, gorgonzola macaroni and cheese, and the scalloped potatoes......of course we split everything.  I was quite surprised at how much I love the scalloped potatoes...... I'm getting hungry just thinking about all this food.  Also, the staff came over and surprised us with a chocolate cake for our anniversary.  It was the perfect way to end the night.
5	Hands Down, the BEST bone-in Ribeye I have ever had.  I don't even bother looking at the rest of the menu when I dine here.  It's just THAT good!
5	This is the new standard in steakhouses.  FAST prompt service, great coctails, great wine list.  The new york strip was soft as butter with a perfect flavor.  HOMEMADE whip cream brought in great amounts to accompany the mouth watering butter cake. was worth the whole evening.
4	The service and food are solid.  It's a bit pricey but definitely worth visiting if you're from out of town.  Good scene.
4	I have been to the Mastro's in Newport and loved the food. Same goes for this place as well. Minus one star since our martini's were pure sugar mix with just a drop of alcohol. Our waiter was an older, cocky man, that didnt even order our dinner until we finished our appetizers AND salad. We sat there almost 3 hours waiting for our food. He was ridiculous.
5	I can't believe I hadn't tried this place until a few weeks ago.  I'm kicking myself for all the good meals I've missed out on over the years.  This place is simply AMAZING! The service was fantastic, the food was deliciously awesome and the butter cake for dessert, OMG! We started with the calamari and seared ahi tuna appetizers and they were excellent.  For dinner, my husband and I split a filet oscar style and our friend had the regular filet. We had sides of creamed spinach, onion rings and au gratin potatoes. For dessert we shared the butter cake and the key lime pie.  I didn't care of the pie, it was too tart for me, but my husband enjoyed it.  The butter cake is a must!  We will definitely return and I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Amazeballs. That is all.
4	My fiance and I were invited to a birthday celebration for his coworker last weekend and they picked Mastro's for dinner. I had heard great things about this place and was stoked for a good steak, especially since my last steakhouse experience at Donovan's was a little lack luster.Our party of 6 arrived right on time for our Saturday, 8:45pm reservation and we were sat almost immediately. The atmosphere was MUCH better than Donovan's and while it was much darker, it felt way more intimate and high class. There was some odd music..like the top 40 hits you hear on the radio but luckily our dinner mates were great to talk to and I only noticed it when I sat down.Our waitress was outstanding the whole evening and the bread basket contained a small, long loaf of pretzel bread that was delicious! I was convinced by another couple at our table that my fiance and I should share the 'Chef's Cut" Ribeye Chop at 33oz. While I'm a filet fan all the way, I thought I would break out of my norm and go with their recommendation. My fiance and I also ordered the warm spinach salad that was delicious! The egg and warm bacon dressing were so yummy! Since we had three couples, each of us ordered different sides to try. We got the $32 Lobster Mashed Potatoes. Yes. $32 for some white potatoes. Now I don't like seafood but these were pretty good. I was able to give my lobster chunks away but they were definitely good and decadent. The other sides we tried were Gorgonzola Mac & Cheese, Green Beans with Sliced Almonds, Asparagus - Steamed. They were all good but at the waitresses recommendation,  we also ordered the creamed spinach. This was one of the top creamed spinaches I've had. Very rich. Very good. Another very nice touch was when our dinner was served, we were swarmed by several waiters, each with one of our sides to serve each person at the table. Typically they are placed on the table and you each pass them around so this was a definite nice touch. Our steak was also good but I was reminded about why I order filets. While the meat had a great flavor, all the fat marbled throughout the steak just seemed like too much. Everyone else enjoyed their immensely so maybe I'm just the odd ball? Or because they didn't want to complain for their $60 odd dollar steak. I requested my fiance take me back another time to try the filet to really judge this place :)Post dinner, our friend was brought out a nice piece of chocolate cake that said Happy Birthday and they even went so far to put his name. Another nice touch. The cake was super rich and I was stuffed so one bite was enough.While the food, service and ambiance was really good, they lost 1/2 a star for the overly fatty steak and another 1/2 star for a very strong sewer smell upon our exit. Yes, that's probably super picky but everything else had been perfect so it left a tiny bit of a bad impression upon exiting. Overall, I'd be excited to come back to this place and try a filet and maybe some other kind of potatoes.
5	Best steakhouse in PhoenixWe always get great service here, and the food is fantastic. Last time we had the porterhouse which  was cooked to perfection. Decor and ambiance are also phenomenal. And they have my favorite Scotch  (Laphroaig) which is a huge plus. Their mac and cheese is unbelievable also.
5	My sister and I go there often.  The ambiance is amazing. We enjoy having drinks there and sitting in the bar area. Enjoy watching the bartenders shake those drinks.  The steaks are decadent.  All their food is amazing.
3	I'd like to start off by saying this review is for the bar only. I've never eaten in the main restaurant here. I LOVE Mastro's Ocean Club, but I don't really feel the same emotion about Mastro's City Hall. Don't get me wrong - City Hall has great food, most of the time. The problem is Mastro's just isn't consistent. On one occasion I could swear I had the best steak I ever had in my life, but on another occasion I thought my filet was something I accidentally burned on the BBQ. On one occasion, I had amazing oysters, but on another they were not cleaned correctly which ruined the experience. These are just some of the examples of the inconsistency and the reason I just can't bring myself to give City Hall 5 stars like the partner restaurant Ocean Club. If I were to recommend one of Mastro's restaurants to a friend, I'd tell them to save their money for Ocean Club.However, I'd like to add that the bar is great at City Hall. So, if you are just going for drinks, you can't go wrong.
4	Good meal.  Everything was right on, but the noise level was a bit too much for my taste.
5	They were great.  Very accommodating and the food was outstanding!
5	unreal.  best steak house in america and best mastros of them all!
5	Had my birthday dinner here as I'm a big steak fan.  My girl is a vegetarian so even though this is for my birthday, it sure is helpful to have some palatable options for her.I'll make this review shorter than normal because nothing more need be said.  The food was excellent, the service was excellent, they even had tasty options for the veggie.  In addition, everyone has a crazy friend.  Well, one of mine showed up and made an idiot out of herself and the staff handled it excellently (next year we won't tell her where we're going though).Highly recommended.
5	Excellent food.  Best steak in town!!
5	shit, i accidentally wrote this review for the wrong business. here are 5 stars, carry on.
4	I have driven by this place so many times and never stopped in.  I have eaten at several other Mastro's locations and always been impressed.  We decided one Sunday evening to stop in for drinks and escape the hot summer day in Phoenix!  This place is typical, upscale steakhouse...nice atmosphere and the restaurant was huge - I wasn't expecting it to be so big.  The bartender was nice, but pretty much left us alone.  We enjoyed our drinks and the nice, cool temperatures...great way to escape the heat!
4	Expensive but worth every penny.  Take your best guests, visitors and clients here.  Took my buddy here for his Birthday, and the next year he wanted to go back.  That's really all you need to know.  Steaks can't be beat.
5	the filet was perfect. and i highly suggest the hennesy sidecar. just as perfect as the steak.
1	I really do not like to write bad reviews, however, If there was a bad review I have been waiting to write it was this one...  If anyone has read any of my other reviews it is easy to see I eat at a lot of places all over the country.  I have been to some really high end/expensive establishments.  I have to say that this has to be the most unreasonably over priced steak house I have ever been to.  We walked and and were seated at our reservation time.  They were probably 75% full when we arrived.  We sat at our table 5-10 minutes before the first person came to our table.  It was another 5-10 minutes before we received water and bread that we did not even want.  As we were waiting for our water, we did open the menu and we were quite entertained with the $3200.00 bottles of wine, $300+ appetizers, $100.00 steaks.  I get it, It is a high end establishment, but if you are commanding premium prices, then you ought to be providing 100% premium services and food.  So on to that part, the food...  I ordered chicken which was so OVER salted, I only ate one piece of it...  My wife ordered Halibut which was so dry that it was almost like rubber.  Our friends ordered steaks  (Filet), of which I tried and found them to be sour in taste.  The only thing this visit had that warrants a star rating, is the crab cake appetizer, $32.00 mind you, and the sweet potato fries, $10.00...  So, if you are looking to visit an establishment where you can flaunt your disposable income, or your looking to meet someone who is flaunting, this is your spot.  If you are looking for good food, and good service I would strongly recommend you try another spot.  The manager did follow up with a call to see how our service was, and upon learning of our opinion on the visit, he offered us a bottle of wine, which we dont really drink.  When we told him we were not interested in wine, he said he would take $100.00 off of our next visit.  Given that we are out of town, that was of no value, and even if we were gong to be around longer, I would not go spend another $300.00 to get $100.00 off.$$$$ of in Yelp talk ~$61 per person does not describe what you can expect to pay per person here.  That will be just for your main entree item (singular), no side, no drink, no appetizer, no sweets.. Oh, you will get bread... Expect to pay roughly $100 per person at least if you want 3 courses.
4	Let me start off by saying I love Mastro's Ocean Club.. Newport beach and Las Vegas. Mastro's City Hall Steakhouse is a different but the food is still the same. Awesome!I took my then boyfriend, now fiancee, for his birthday dinner. He had bone marrow app --which I had them wrap up to-goand my small dogs still gnaw on-- and I tuna tataki. it was good. I had Sea bass.. and he had bone in rib eye.. Massive. I forget what kind of sides we had.. but it was good.. i think it mightve been lobster macWe had a great time. the service was nice. there was a complimentary buttercake.there was a mom dad and daughter sitting at the table next to us celebrating her graduating the top of her class. it was so sweet parents be so proud of their child :)i wish the tables would be a ittle further apart so we don't have to accidentally ease drop on other peoples conversation!
5	Best steakhouse I have ever experienced.  I had the NY strip.  It was perfect.  The lobster was the best I have ever had.  The butter cake is incredible.  Ambiance is lively and not at all pretentious.  Live music in the bar was a great addition.  Will definitely be back.
5	Exceptional meal here.  excellent service. delicious food.  would try again for sure.
5	Love it every time. The lounge is my new favorite spot, especially when dining in. Perfect spot if you're looking for something not too uptight. Romantic and fun. The food is exquisite. Service  is exceptional. The place is pricy but don't let the prices scare you - it's well worth it. You'll be paying for an amazing meal plus top-notch service.
4	A little confused. Was here on Saturday Aug. 24th and food was 5 stars, Jonathan our server was fantastic and knowledgeable. As expected! Read more for our Tueaday night trip.We came back again on a Tuesday Aug. 27th and THE KITCHEN WAS WAY OFF! We came here after restaurant hopping and decide to share a steak, Mac n' Cheese, and Buttercake b/w 3 of us. The steak was ordered medium rare and came out mooing, half alive. The Buttercake that I rave of was overcooked and overly dense. The mac n cheese was Ah-Ma-Zing!! Bad chef night. Not what I would have expected from Mastro's. On the upside, I lost my wallet in the bathroom and they were SO helpful in recovering it! Hours later! :)
5	A must know ---- EXPENSIVEI went here for a work dinner.The steak is absolutely amazing, and so are the sides, not a single bad thing I can say about the place.  A nice place for a celebration.Very dim/dark (waitress hands out a small flashlight if required to read the menu)Very noisy as its connected to a bar with live music
5	Dee-licious! Great service! I would recommend this place for a birthday, Father's or Mother's Day occasion.  I loved the apple martini with dry ice.
4	Cheesecake is delicious for one without a graham crust.  The fried ravioli isn't what I would order, I just don't think it was worth the calories.  Chilean bass is nothing special, but the steak as always is pretty consistent.  I love the coffee here.
5	Yesterday I had the MOST amazing meal at Mastro's. I had the most incredibly delicious, juicy, sumptuous double pork chop perfectly cooked--medium well and butterflied.   It was a sight to behold (I should have taken a picture of it to post for you) and the smell, well,  there should be such a thing as smell-a-vision.  I have never, ever, ever, ever had a more delicious pork chop.  EVER. ANYWHERE.   If you eat pork, don't even think of going to Mastro's and not trying the pork chop.  Oh, and did I forget to tell you about the accompanying dipping sauce with walnuts, apple and what tasted like bourbon?  A perfect match to the pork chop and really good.  Hubby had Chilean Sea Bass which he described as perfectly cooked and delicious. But my not being a fish eater I could not verify that.  I can verify that he cleaned his plate.  We had broccoli florets which tasted somewhat garlicky and hubby loved---I could take them or leave them.  I did notice that the broccoli had some yellow spots on them which should not be for a restaurant of this quality.  I also noted that the salad had tomatoes with the tops on them (the spot which attaches it to the vine was not removed).  This should not be either --Mastro's is too good for that.  We ended with the fudge cake which was good but not as good as the chocolate sin cake that we had before. But still, it was good.  We noted that Mastro's was packed on a Tuesday night.  I think this is a testament to people appreciating the quality of the food and of course, the service.  Thank you for an extraordinarily enjoyable meal.  I look forward to another great meal at Mastro's real soon.
3	the food is sooo good, isn't it? i said the food is good! yeah, i know - it's very loud in here. but the food is great! that lobster bisque was delicious. the lobster bisque!! yeah! delicious! it's so loud though. and the steak. no, no... the steak. right. so good. and the service is great, too. what's that? dammit it's loud in here. i can barely hear the people sitting two feet from me. for the amount of money we're spending you'd think they'd have a more elegant and relaxing environment. pretty cool place though. i said, pretty cool place. doubt i'll be back, though - it's just so loud![edit: This review was originally typed in all caps to make it clear that you'll have to yell at your dinner guests in order to be heard. However, I guess Yelp filters those out. Suffice it to say, it's damned loud in this place, which will prevent me from going back, and would've prevented me from going in the first place, so I believe it's important.]
5	We an excellent dinner at Mastro's City Hall last night, reservations for 7:30pm on a Tuesday night and the place was packed which is a testament to the quality of the food and service.         We started off with the Ahi Tuna Tartare and Crab stuffed mushrooms and both were of amazing quality, the flavors were out of this word.  The house salad was next and it did not disappoint with the buttermilk bleu cheese dressing, onions, tomatoes, and plenty of Shrimp it could has easily been a meal itself.         Now to the main course i had the bone-in ribeye  which was perfectly rare all the way through and charred on the outside and my wife had the bone in fillet medium rare and both were to die for, hands down some of the best beef i have ever experienced.         Oh wait i forgot the sides an order of the lobster mashed potatoes, Gorgonzola Mac and Cheese and the Colossal onion rings all of which exceeded already high expectations.  The mashed potatoes were velvety with loads of flavor and a large amount of lobster incorporated, the Mac was as it should be nice and cheesy without being overdone, and the onion rings were perfect easy to eat because you could actually bite through the onion and it did not slide out after the first bite.         The wine selection is one of the best in the Valley with a wide variety of wines uner $100 and plenty of excellent wines above the $100 price point.  We ordered a bottle of Pinot Noir and they discovered that they were out of it and offered one at a higher price for the price of the one i had ordered, they didn't have to but it was nice.               Mastro's is a complete experience and it is the little things that they do that make going there better than say Ruth's Chris or another steakhouse in Scottsdale or PV.  We will be going back much more often and this is now my go to steakhouse in the valley and all others will be measured against it and most likely come up short where Mastro's exceeds.  Also of note it was a little loud but the place was packed and that is to be expected there were business people making deals and people out celebrating so I didn't mind at all.
5	Wow, what an amazing place. I have been to 4 different Mastros and I think this one has the best ambiance.The lobster is always on point and the bone in rib eye and bone in filet are the best steaks ever, 400 degree plate? no prob just be a man a touch it.Butter cake, was very good and as always service is generally outstanding.
4	dem sides are gonna hurt!!! 4 solid stars sadly the steak didn't meet my expectations, let me break it down on the goods and the badsservice was excellent, ambiance above par, price $$$ sides were above par the steaks on the other hand sadly were overcharred.group of 6 dining we all ordered steaks over the 12oz barrier, I chose the coveted 32oz Chefs Cut Rib Eye chop. Lets just say the steak was buttery, heavy, tender, everything you want and more except that char on the outside, literally the char was a tad over kill, if you have to shave off the burnt off your steak to get to the steak there is something wrong. Again steak was excellent minus that char!!the sides:Bone marrow - ***** scoop it out and butter it up all over the toasted bread you are given, if not eat is straight as it is meant to be eaten, oil, buttery, deliciousness!!!!clam shell mac with buttery cheese - **** what I ate was above par I think the oil from my steak may have skued the taste but was wrong with adding steak juice to your meal hahalobster mashed potatoes - ***** what is not to like, lobster and lobster juice with mashed potatoes camon win winGorgonzola mac & cheese - *** not a real fan of mac and cheese but their's was decentI know there were two other things our group got but I do not recall what they were or if I tasted themfood *** for the steak, **** for the sidesservice ***** cup of water always full, asked repetatively if we need anythingprice $$$ambiance ***** fancy in here
5	Before I get started on the food, I just need to say sit outside. The patio section is near the bar and has a charming fireplace. There is an impressive wine selection, and the cocktails are really great. I recommend the lemon drop. The presentation is really fun (they use dry ice so it looks like its smoking when it's being served). They also give you about two-two and a half drinks worth of any cocktail when you order one.Now the food. The chefs at Mastro's are definitely perfectionists. The flavors, preparations, and presentations have been flawless the three times I've eaten there. My boyfriend and I have had the fried calamari, which is great and comes with a really good savory spicy sauce. We've also had the tuna  tartare, which is prepared spicy and served with avocado. The flavor of the tuna is really enhanced and not overwhelmed by seasonings or sauces.And now the steak. It doesn't matter which one you order, because the quality of the meat is always phenomenal and the chefs prepare it to precisely what temperature you request. The sides are also excellent. We've gotten the Gorgonzola Mac and cheese, the king crab gnocchi, and the garlic mashed potatoes. The gnocchi is pricey for a side, but worth EVERY penny. I would even consider getting it as a main dish if I could resist the steak! Despite all the fantastic dishes, SAVE ROOM FOR THE BUTTER CAKE. It is definitely as bad for your health as it sounds, but it is one of the most memorable and delicious desserts I've had in my life. It is definitely something you want to share with 1-3 other people.I highly recommend Mastro's city hall. Great atmosphere, amazing food and drinks, and the service is wonderful as well. Attentive and very knowledgeable wait staff.
5	Wow.
1	The quality of the food was completely overshadowed by the rudeness of the staff. They acted as if they were completely put out that we were at their restaurant. No food is good enough to have staff be completely snobbish and rude. Epic fail
5	High ratings!  Absolutely fabulous food and service. Very hot bar scene and great people watching place. Had the bone in filet and it was out of this world. A definite stop.
5	I had lived in Arizona quite a while before I tried City Hall. I thought it was kind of just another steakhouse. When I met my boyfriend, turns out this is his favorite place. Lucky for me! They make the most exceptional filet. Mmmmm. So good. Every time. I also love the exceptional service and can't forget the amazing snap peas!
2	Overall very disappointing. My steak and my wife's had a lot of gristle and while they had decent flavor mine was pretty salty. My wife's first steak came medium and they brought her a new one medium rare per her initial order. The creamed spinach was just ok, the lobster bisque was delicious, and the mushrooms were fantasict, the tuna tartare we started with did not have a nice springy texture as we are used to and had a weird texture overall (we sent that back).While Mastro's did step up and remove the steak from our bill and gave us free dessert, it didn't really make up for the overall experience. The service definitely waned as we made our discontent known.And, while I'm find with the music selection, it was odd to hear alternative/metal playing in this establishment, hearing Social Distortion playing Ball and Chain over their speaker system was not exactly what I was expecting!Personally, I wish we'd gone to Morton's.
5	First, best Cosmo in town! Seriously! Poured on balls of dry ice which keeps it cold, not too sweet and they leave the shaker so you can finish it off. Love the garlic toast in the bread basket! The tuna tower on the appetizer list is enough for an entree. Great steaks and seafood selections and don't forget the double pork chop. But the creme de la creme is the Butter Cake - not to be missed!!!
3	When we first arrived for dinner the dining and bar area were very cold. My first complaint is with the menu; it doesn't detail what's in the salads or any meal for that matter. The service was ok, but we were competing against college football, so I can kind of understand why it was a little inattentive.  The calamari was absolutely wonderful which is a lot coming from someone who grew up in the northwest. As far as the main course it was very disappointing. We ordered our steak between rare and medium rare; it come cooked about medium and under seasoned. We sent the steak back, but only told the waiter that the steal was over cooked (because we feared it would be sent back overly salty).  The steak returned blue rare and overly salty, which for me is better then over cooked so we didn't mention is incorrect temperature. The gnocchi was great, but the king crab that was mixed into the gnocchi was clearly not fresh.  I understand all king crab is flash frozen, but this crab did not taste good by any means. The main attraction on the dinning table was the Gorgonzola Mac and cheese which was incredible.  After our meal was complete the waitstaff noticed we didn't eat the gnocchi so they took it off of our bill.  Which is really great; not something we expected. Even with the nice gesture we without a doubt won't be back for round two. The food and drinks are very over priced for what you get. I am all about spending a pretty penny on a fantastic meal, but most everything we
4	Always good and solid.  Can't beat the martinis!
5	This is the BEST restaurant  I've had the pleasure of experiencing in Arizona, hands down. This is always my choice for my Birthday dinner. Outstanding service, steaks, and dirty martini's! Pricy , but worth every penny. The only reason Maestro's gets only 5 stars from me, is because I don't have the option to give a perfect 10. Thank you for reading :)
5	My dad's (the "Mayor of Scottsdale") favorite place! haha We always have celebrations here so I think it's good for groups. The service is top notch and the food is even better. I always made fun of my dad that this is the only place he'll go for a steak, but I've come to believe that City Hall does indeed have the best steaks in town.
4	Good steak and wine, sat at the bar for a mandate
1	Twin lobsters were soggy and not done. Waiter was awful and took forever to get served. Hope landrys chain doesn't screw up others in Scottsdale.
2	I am truly disappointed in this experience.. I have heard so many amazing things about Mastro's and how their steak so amazing and perfect.  I was surprised that my experience was a complete opposite of the things I heard.  It's very nice when you walk in and the hostess are very nice.  We made a reservation in the lounge not knowing how loud it would be.  Squeezed into a tiny booth in the corner we sat down and realized how far we were when facing eachother but oddly enough how close we were to the next table.  5 mins pass.. no server, no one to ask us if we wanted water, 10 mins finally someone comes with no introduction just sticking the menu in our faces like, HERE, ORDER.  So.. at this point I felt uncomforable going to a place for my boyfriends birthday that didnt really seem to want us here.  We looked over the menu, everything, of course, al la carte, I was warned of the prices already.  We ordered a bone in rib eye, bone in filet, and lobster mashed potatoes.  Food took a long time to arrive.Bone in rib eye-  Right when my steak came I could tell it was overcooked because medium rare is not hard to touch,  I was reluctant to send it back because I was so hungry and I didn't want to be a bother but my boyfriend assured me that if we're going to pay over $50 for a steak it should be perfect. My steak had become well done after we were able to flag a waiter down.  Brought me a new one and right away it was well done again....... also the waitress shined a brightlight at me and told me please cut down the middle so we can see.  At this point I felt so awkward, I didn't ask to change the steak because I don't want to be so difficult TWICE.  Overall the flavor was really good but overcooked. Bone in filet-  My boyfriend ordered a medium rare as well and it was also overcooked but only to medium.  Because a filet is such a good cut of meat he didn't exchange it cause it was still enjoyable.  I have got to say this was the best piece of filet I have every eaten.  Lobster mashed potatoes- This was packed with flavor and chunks and chunks of lobster, really amazing.  No wonder its more than $30 bucks.  We ordered coffee so we wouldnt be coma induced from all our food, really really good coffee.  Since it was my boyfriends birthday they brought out a cake which was very nice.  So from feeling bad about sending my steak back my boyfriend and I both told our waitress thank you for sending it back.. we really appreciate it.. not only did she not acknowledge us she rolled her eyes.  Like WOW I'm sorry I want some quality for the 200 bucks I spent.  I really never had such bad service at a high end resturant.Honestly.. I'm not sure how I feel about this place yet, the filet was REALLY good but the service threw off the experience.  And if this is a steak house.. they should really perfect medium rare.
5	Love this place.  Where to start...the seafood tower.  Appetizers like the bone marrow salad (delectable).  the gorgonzola mac & cheese.  Lobster mashed potatoes The selection of steaks.  The wine selection.  The butter cake.The service is great, and they are very accommodating for groups--my company has had their holiday party there for several years in a row.Highly recommended as one of the best steakhouses in the Valley, maybe in the nation, in my opinion.
5	My mother and I went to Mastro's after I had decided on where to sign the lease for the car and apartment as I was in the midst of moving to Arizona from SF.  This place is amazing.  I ordered the Rack of Lamb, which is phenomenal.  I wish I could afford to come here!  It was a very special treat.  You can't go wrong with whatever you order here.  They serve you gigantic portions of food and all-you-can-eat breadsticks.  There was so much food, I took a good portion of it to-go and ate the leftovers for breakfast.  YUM!
1	Drinkwaters has really dropped, will never go back. Really bad Top 40 Music Blaring on Christmas Eve.....we like to Rock it out, but this was cheesy, Top 40 Strip Bar music.  Big 33 Oz Bone-In Rib Eye was very gristly - not marbled, but sinewy - chewy - gross.Coffee was completely watery......horribly weak coffee.We asked for a dark booth, instead received a table.ALL OF THIS CRAP FOR A $400 BILL.....used to come here every Christmas Eve, but never again.   My kids Filets were decent, but not worth the price for the overall bad experience.Find Another Steak Place.......we always have loved Mastros, but this place has really gone downhill............
5	Excellent high quality steak house .  Prime steaks and very good service .  I could go without the bathroom attendants in men's and ladies restrooms.  That is so 80's
5	This place has awesome food, drinks and atmoshpere. Very classy decor and well dressed patrons. Great lighting and presentation inside I was very happy with my NY Strip on the bone. The Margarita was fantastic as well! A little pricey but you get what you pay for.
4	Went here on a Friday night around nine and was sat right away. I chose the Chilean sea bass and my dinner companions chose the bone in ribeye and the new your strip. After sampling everything I would have to say the ribeye was the best. We also tried their oyster Rockefeller and it was delicious!
4	Love the place, can't say enough good things.  If you really want to experience it, sit at the bar there's always something interesting happening.
3	Food and service was good not great but  certaintly not memorable. The noise level is horrendous with the waitress having to almost yell to describe the specials,etc. This was in the dining room too not in the bar. Also, the table are way too close together. Better places can be had nearby.
2	I came here for my birthday and was so excited to try mastros after all of the awesome things I heard. We had a reservation and arrived a few minutes early out of courteousy and were told that it would be a few minutes for them to get a table ready if we wanted to get a drink at the bar. No big deal except that few minutes turned into an hour.  I have never waited an hour when I've had a reservation and would never expect that from a place I hear such highly things about.  We ended up spending 70.00 in drinks while waiting for a table and kept checking back at the host stand in which the last and final time she actually rolled her eyes. I was totally put off by the lack of customer service we were given regarding the wait. No manager ever got involved or so much as offered to buy us an appetizer or round of drinks. I feel that is the least they could do as that is standard for even underquoting someone's wait time who did not even have a reservation. After waiting an hour for a table which was supposed to be in the dining room we were offered a crowded table in the loud bar that had opened up. Starving, we took it. From then on is where the experience went up. The server was great and attentive and the food blew us away. I had the bone in filet (is there such a thing!??) And my fiance got the new York. Both were melt in your mouth amazing with a slight carmelization on the outside. By far the best steak I have ever had. It was well worth the wait but it was more of the principal that we came in to have a good time at a nice table and spend money and were not treated with importance and instead disrespect. I feel the situation was not handled properly and that for what we were paying and the quality of the restaurant a manager should have at least apologized for us waiting and not receiving the table we were supposed to. If we wanted to go that route we would have just walked in and snagged a table in the bar in the first place. I would want to try it again if I knew the experience would be different....although the steak was delicious the other issues left a bad taste in my mouth
4	Great place, good service! We flew in from California on business and decided to have dinner here. Got reservations right away via open table and our table was ready within 10 minutes if our arrival. Ambience was fun and modern and I LOVED the live music. We ordered drinks after dinner just to stay and enjoy the music some more. FOOD: salad was enormous, but delicious. The bread basket was delicious, pretzel bread was in the assortment! Shrimp prawn cocktail was excellent, they were the largest prawns I've ever seen. I ordered surf and turf with petite filet, hubby ordered bone in ribeye. Lobster was delish, my petite filet was overdone. I ordered medium well, it was well done. Hubby ordered his ribeye medium rare and it was also well done. That was a MAJOR disappointment, but steaks were still good, so we didn't send back. Drinks were good also. Since we enjoyed the music so much, we ordered more drinks. I ended up wishing I could have ended up ordering dessert, but once we paid, the waiter didn't come back to us at all.  Pricey, but overall it was a great experience, and we would go back. Next time I'll order my steak rare! ;)
2	I made a reservation for weds the 29th at 8pm for my girlfriends birthday, we were early and checked in and we had to wait till 8:30 to be sat. It took us going to the host stand 4 times before they sat us, the service was horrible. After complaining enough a manager came and sat us, he said nothing about the wait or even apologized. The service was bad, I've been here before and the service was perfect. This time it took 20 minutes just to get our drinks and 45 minutes for our entrees to arrive.  I told them it was a birthday and the server had no clue. It wasn't until we told the server that we had a bday that he acknowledged it. Very disappointing for $300 meal for 4 people, I will be taking my money elsewhere next time, food was up to par but they just set the sides down and walked away, no pre bussing was done until we put our napkins on our plates and stacked them up. This was a bad experience for such a high quality restaurant, I won't return sadly. I suggest orange sky or another spot for special occasions. The manager still never revisited the table to see how things were and the server never asked if we wanted anything else to drink. Sad experience for a birthday that was supposed to be special.
3	Don't get me wrong I love Mastros but this particular location was different than the others. Too crowded, tables were practically touching, very very loud and the servers could barely hear us or serve our dishes. The food was good however.
5	I have been hearing about this place forever and finally got to go this weekend and it was awesome.This is the kind of restaurant where I am happy to spend the money on  great meal with great service. We started with the wedge salad and french onion soup and a couple glasses of wine. The wedge is always so funny to me because its so basic and you don't think its anything special until you eat it and see how awesome the simple food is. The french onion had great flavor throughout. For entrees we had the pepper New York strip, rib eye, and bone in filet. We had the green beans, twice baked potato and garlic mash as our sides. Everything was delicious and perfectly cooked. The service was spot on in that we always had our water filled and our cute waitress was attentive enough with out bugging us. Unfortunately we didn't have room for dessert although I hear I now need to go back for the butter cake. If I had known that before, I would have made room for dessert. Even though I will be eating ramen noodles for breakfast lunch and dinner for the next week after this meal, it was very much worth it and I hope I can go back again soon.
1	I wish that yelp would allow me to post less than one star.  When choosing to dine at a steakhouse, such as Matro's City Hall, I would expect to receive top notch service.  I experienced the harsh contrary.  On 2/5/14 I decided to take a friend to dinner at Mastro's City Hall.  We ordered 2 appetizers, 1 Filet Mignon, 1 lamb, 1 side and a dessert. Our server, Allan, was extremely disinterested in our dining experience.  From the moment he "introduced" himself I felt disrespected.  Lets start with him saying "Whats up fellas. What do you want to drink?".  I would have appreciated a "Hi, welcome to City Hall.  My name is Allan, here are a few wine recommendations .....Sadly, I never heard those words; nor did I hear a single sentence leave his mouth that wasn't riddled with discontent and hostility.  About midway through our meal I flagged him down, as he did not return to our table a single time without being flagged down, I asked him for a refill of my soda.  He said "You are drinking these pretty fast, maybe you should slow down" then continued "how about I bring 3 or 4 to the table that way I don't need to keep walking back and fourth".  There are several other disrespectful and inappropriate things he said/did, feel free to message me for a more complete list.  I will be glad to share. At this point I was certain that I will never return to Mastro's City Hall.  I am deeply offended by the actions of this waited and seriously disheartened that he works in the hospitality industry.
1	I joined yelp to write this review because of the poor experience at City Hall.I have heard good things about the place and gave it a try.  The service was great, but the food was nothing special, and far from impressive.  We had the crab stuffed mushrooms, the lobster mashed potatoes, bone-in filet, and regular filet.  The crab stuffed mushrooms were on the dry side and not worth the price on the menu ($15?). I hate to say it, but Red Lobster makes better stuffed mushrooms.  Not what you would expect when you are dining at a so called top steak house.  The lobster mashed potatoes ($35) were not anything special.  It was basically plain mashed potatoes, oil, paprika, and cut up lobster on top.  I would expect something that I couldn't make at home.  It wasn't infused in any way.  It was created in the unimaginative way described above.  The cuts of steak made me question if I was eating prime steak or choice grade.  I have cooked prime cuts myself that were far superior myself.  Maybe they were poor cuts, but when spending $40-50 each, you would expect something better.  We didn't bother with desert.  I find it funny that the hostess called me days later in regards to the experience and told her it was okay and nothing impressive.  It sounded like she may have a manager call, but she seem to stumble on what to do next.  A manager never called back. I wrote this review in hopes of warning people to not over pay on the poor quality of food they served.  I can't say anything about the Seafood as we didn't try it.  But how can you screw up seafood?  I wouldn't put it past them to find a way.  If they called back to offer a gift card, I would just give it to someone else.
4	Specialty martini's even though they are 18 bucks they are to die for and plus they give you the martini shaker so it really makes two in a half martinis. Crab legs are sawed open for you no trying to pick them out with those tiny forks. Amazing ceasar wasabi blue cheese salad! Everything is amazing!
5	2 words: Butter Cake.
4	4-Stars for the quality of food. Far fewer stars for the experience. We spent over $400 including tip on dinner for 2. The clientele seems to be partly responsible for cultivating this air of Scottsdale snobbery.  Spoiled kids dining out on Dads credit card and driving off with their dates in moms Jaguar; but I digress. Great preparation of our main dishes (NY Strip and Crab Legs respectively). Started with the crab cakes which were awesome. Next we moved on to  Caesar salads, yum, then the main course. For sides, we shared scalloped potatoes and roasted brussels sprouts. Heavenly. The other element I didn't like was the lighting in the dining room. Quite honestly it has the worst lighting of any place of this caliber that I've ever been for dinner. Just dull light that relies on the light from the lounge and the adjoining hallways between the dining room and the bathrooms. In my opinion, it could use table candles or something to give the room some depth.  So for our next visit we'll probably go to another one of their locations but it will be sometime before I have the urge to try it again.
2	This is a tough review to write.  I have always enjoyed this place and usually take clients there a few times a year.  Last night I took my wife and 4 other guests and it was not the usual great experience.  My bone in ribeye frankly wasn't all that great.  It had very little flavor, but that wasn't the biggest issue.  Our table of 6 was seated right next to another table of 6 and other than the people right next to you, you couldn't hear the other 3 people at the table.  The music was loud, which didn't help either.  Having just been at Del Frisco's twice in Vegas the difference between the two places was striking.  All in all I believe everyone had a nice time, but for the money spent, and as the one paying the bill it was not worth it.   Unfortunately I will be looking for a different steak house for our next client dinner.
1	A month later, a Manager called me from Mastro's, apologized, and informed me that they updated their music.   He told me he was sending me a coupon or voucher, to make up for the bad experience and bad food, but 3 WEEKS LATER HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANYTHING.  City Hall again, has dropped the ball.
5	Took my wife here for dinner, very good food, excellent service, I'll definitely be back. No complaints.
4	Was looking for a great steak dinner with all the fixings and I found it.  Would have given 5 stars but the plate my steak came out on was so HOT I burned my finger..left a mark. So unnecessary!!!
5	This restaurant is fantastic. Still the best ribeye ever. I'm also impressed with the music. It's a great selection and at a perfect level. Quick and friendly service with personality to boot! Service that can make you laugh. Bobby was very attentive and really made us belly laugh. I'm still a huge fan of the infamous lobster mash potatoes. I highly recommend them!  This is my first time with the butter cake. Wow! There's a reason this is their signature dessert. The GM, Jes, even stopped by to see how our experience was. He was very genuine in his visit and friendly. City Hall is a great experience! Enjoy!
5	What else can I say that others haven't already mentioned? The lady taking reservations did say there is a 50% discount, but when we got our bill, it was only 30% off. We mentioned the difference and management corrected it, so we were happy. But for military to come eat at this expensive 5-star steakhouse for 30% off, that's a huge deal! Loved the food and best part was all the exotic cars in the parking lot.
3	I've been a regular City Hall customer for years.  I love going to this place... great drinks (really strong!), great food (the lobster mash potatoes!) and great environment!But two weeks ago, my friend and I had a super poor experience.  We sat at the bar and the new female bartender was not friendly, didn't smile... and didn't check on us.OK... not the end of the world but the my bone-in rib-eye was cold.  It was supposed to be placed on a hot plate, not a cold plate.  So I sent it back... and what they gave me was a over cooked piece of meat.  Total bummer.For a $55 steak... I expect them to bring their "A" game.  Between a unfriendly staff and poor tasting food... it's hard to want to go back.
5	It was Very impressive! I will be revisiting again
4	My wife and I went to Mastro's City Hall for our 10 year anniversary.  We had never been here before, and we wanted to treat our self out to a nice dinner.  The service was excellent.  Just what you would expect.  On to the food.  The fresh bread that they bring to the table was delicious.  We started with the Tuna Tar Tar tower.  It is hit the mark.  Then it came time for the main event.  Of course we went with the lobster mash.  yes they lived up to the hype.  So delicious and filled with lots of lobster.    My wife has a wonderful bone-in rib eye steak.  It was cooker perfectly and tasted delicious.  I went for the chefs cut NY Strip.  To my disappointment it was cook well done and not medium.  The cooked a new one for me, but still missed the mark.  The steak was very charred and closer to rare than medium.  However I did not let this run my meal or the evening.After dinner was over the wonderful waitress set our table for dessert.  We had not placed an order, but she severed us their famous Butter Cake.  It was simply delicious.  My wife agreed with the waitress that it was life changing.  While I was sad that my steak did not hit the mark, I was still very pleased with the evening.  Besides my was was extremely happy.  So happy wife, happy life.
1	My husband and I have dined at City Hall many times and enjoyed it, but this past Saturday (2/15) was the worst experience ever. We go to that particular restaurant because I love the ambiance and the intimate settings. This past Saturday instead of sitting in the restaurant we had to sit outside (which we did not request) at a card table with a padded folding chair. In addition, there were so many tables it made it difficult to have a truly romantic dinner. In addition, the service was way below par than normal. Probably because they added tables but not wait staff. The great service we come to expect at this restaurant was not there. Finally, I ordered the filet and it came out charred and I had to send it back. Finally, City Hall's side dishes are meant to be shared family style. My husband and I ordered the scallop potatoes to share and we were charged twice for the side dish. The reasoning, because there was two of us, even though we told the waitress we are sharing one dish. We had spent over $400 (including tip) and instead of appreciating their customers and delivering quality service, they are more interested in quantity and stuffing people into the most uncomfortable settings.
5	AMAZING food, drinks, and service!!!! It is nice to splurge once in a while, and I recommend this place for Romantic dinners, or maybe even a business dinner!!! The Lobster and steak is to die for. Extremely classy place. Very expensive, but was worth it! The Champagne was flowing, and we were front row to the GREAT live band!!! This is a MUST TRY place in Scottsdale!!!!
5	I've been hearing about this place in Chicago for a long time and finally got my chance at this one in Arizona. The atmosphere is very nice. I had the 22 ounce bone in Ribeye which I order specially prepared and it was perfect. This restaurant is right on par with Morton's Steakhouse (which I frequent in Naperville, IL) in terms of food quality and flavor. I would have gave it a 5 if not for the noise. It was much louder than usual for an upscale steakhouse.
5	Went again for my 40th birthday last night. Again AMAZING.. Our waitress was an older lady with Curley hair and she was HILARIOUS and awesome! The food was, awesome as usual. Really never had steak this good except the last time I was there!
5	The best steakhouse in Arizona. Amazing service, awesome decor, and the best food one can possibly get. Drinks are fantastic as well. You will never leave City Hall unsatisfied.
2	I was in tonight for a Private Dining Event.  Unfortunately the service was awful.  My colleagues and I sat at our table all at the same time and I wasCompletely ignored.  No one took my order, even though I was the only person at my table with my menu still in front of me.I asked the staff 3 times if someone could take my order and I was still ignored.  Three courses were servedAnd still no one came to take my order.  Finally when a server stopped by I asked if he could take my order and he laughed at me.I didn't find this funny especially since entrees were the next course.My wine glass was never refilled, and my water glass was filled only once.Towards the end of our evening instead of asking to box our food, they literally dropped To Go boxes and Bags on the center of the table.Guess what? I'm INDUSTRY and work for one of your competitors, even though my career is medical.That was RIDICULOUS!I know how many Millions your restaurant makes yearly---I know howuch your staff makes per shift, per week and yearly.This was a joke---totally Old Town Scottsdale Trash.
5	Went again last night and it was an amazing night. Seriously the food in unbelievable! Had a different bone in ny strip and it was unreal! We also had the seafood tower which was great. The oysters and shrimp were awesome but really the crab claws stole the show! Unreal sweet taste!Finished off with butte cake which melts in your mouth.There really is no better food or service!!
5	My boyfriend and I are always coming here for special occasions..and have never been disappointed. I've been to a lot of high-class, expensive steakhouses but this one truly stands out. The steaks are always cooked perfectly, the service is phenomenal, and the restaurant itself is beautiful. All the sides we've had have been great, especially the creamed corn, spinach, and twice baked potato. I also love the wedge salad to start. What really stands out from all out delicious meals here is the butter cake. Nothing compares! It may just be the best dessert I've ever had. You must go & get the butter cake. It's especially good along with a cappuccino!
5	Celebrated my wife's 40th birthday last night.  Sara, our server, was wonderful.  Nice atomosphere.  Great food.  I wanted Lamb Chops but accidentally ordered a Pork Chop.  I am glad I made that mistake.  It was huge, excellent and had an apple pecan sauce that was outstanding.  We recommend this restaurant.  We recommend Sara as well.
5	What an amazing dining experience!I don't think I have had a better meal out like this was for a long time.You have a big fan here in Northern California who will be back next year when I come down for spring training baseball.Oh and my dog loved the porterhouse steak bone I brought home too!!
5	Five star steakhouse. Service is excellent. Menu selection is great. The steak was out of this world. Must try while in Scottsdale recommend reservations as it was jam packed on Saturday night. Very highly recommended.
5	Absolutely wonderful!!The food was perfection.A+ Great service.  MY favorite was the bone-in filet (med-rare)  Lobster mashed potatoes, au gratin potatoes, and creamed corn!  Oh and you MUST try the Butter cake! extravagant!
3	Food was good but I wouldn't say out of this world.  Had the shrimp cocktail, crab legs and each ordered a rib eye with a side.  Got a bottle of wine also and desert.  Bill came to over 300 dollars.  Food was good but hard to justify that kind of money.  Had a steak that was just as delicious at Texas Roadhouse for what we tipped the waiter.  One and done for us.  With this place, you pay for status I guess.
5	Went for my birthday and bobby was out server. What an awesome guy! He took great care of us. I would deff go back and ask for him again. He made my night special.  You must for him.
3	I can't give this a 1 because I didn't get to eat anything. I'm sure the food is lovely. I'm sure the service is lovely. The ambiance sucks though. I valeted my car and wandered in - it was a mad house. Loud and boisterous chatter with no sound deadening to help. Every surface is metal, tile or hardwood and every sound and every utterance is reflected and amplified - filling the room and getting in my ears like a thick soup.I had the same issue with Ocean Club once before. I've managed to eat there successfully twice, but a third time I had to leave out of anxiety. The second time I tried eating at Ocean Club was a nightmare, but after we moved a couple of times, I made the best of it. The food and service there was great - as I imagine it is at City Hall. I just can't deal with such a crowd.Too much noise and commotion like that puts me on edge and I can't enjoy a fancy meal. I guess it's not the sort of place one goes for a quiet fine dining experience. It's like a loud douchey crowded nightclub without the music, but at the same volume. I had just arrived at City Hall, and immediately wanted to leave. My social anxiety kicked in, and we split. The valet hadn't even returned from parking our car when we asked them to bring it back. It's a shame, because we really wanted to try it out. Maybe we will try to eat there sometime when it's not so busy. Dinner time on a weeknight is apparently not going to work.
5	Great steak and sides! I really enjoyed the atmosphere. The service is definitely on their game. I will be back again to wine and dine before hitting a night on the town.
2	Been to this place once! We were a big group, so we kinda tried a lot of their food. I had the steak which was ok! IChili's steak was better :(If you are looking to get some awsome steak, stop by Ruth's Chris Steak House.
1	The food is always very good, but can I take my last bite before the waiter takes my plate away without even asking me if I am done? He did that with my appetizer, bread AND my salad. I don't appreciate being rushed and disregarded and will happily go somewhere else. I do love Mastro's CH, but there are plenty of great restaurants in PHX!
5	PERFECTION is the only word to describe City Hall! From the atmosphere, to the incredible service, to the delicious food everything is always perfect! Although I don't eat meat people I have been here with have said it is the best filet they have ever had. My personal favorite -- the Ahi Tuna. The portion is huge and the fish is super fresh! For the sides, I dream about the Lobster Mash Potatoes! I am also a huge fan of their brussel sprouts, crab gnocchi and gorgonzola mac and cheese.As if amazing food wasn't enough reason to go here, the service is spot on too. You will leave here full, happy and with a little less money in your pocketbook, but it is completely worth it. Mastro's City Hall or Ocean Club are go to places for a special occasions, date nights, anniversaries etc...
5	Best steak I have ever had.   Place is awesome and the service is second to none.  I will coming here a lot more.  I have told all my friends about it and will continue to tell all
5	What a time!  From a delicious Cabernet to a succulent steak, Mastro's crushed it.  I was very impressed with the courteous and service and opulent ambiance.  The spicy Caesar salad was an intriguing start to the meal.  My steak came out perfectly cooked with potatoes that were melt in your mouth delicious.  If you're in Phoenix and want to get a steak, hit up Mastro's...you will not be disappointed.
5	By far the best place I've ever eaten in my life!!!  From the seafood tower, to the filet, and the butter cake everything was top notch.  Service was excellent as well I would recommend Mastros City Hall to anyone and everyone!
5	amazing
5	Came here with my boyfriend and his dad and stepmom...and we were all impressed. Our steaks were cooked to perfection, and the sides were to die for. We had Brussels sprouts (who knew there was an "s" at the end of Brussels when talking about the veggies!?), the loaded baked potato and the mac and cheese. I wish I hadn't been so full from the steak, which made me unable to finish off the mac and cheese or really dig into any of the potato, but what we tried was fantastic. DELICIOUS.
4	Very good food!I took my wife to Mastro's City Hall for our anniversary. Making a reservation was a snap with the Open Table option on Yelp. The restaurant was a little dark, but I suppose that was just the atmosphere they wanted. We were sat at our table as soon as we walked through the door. The waitress was at the table within a couple minutes and complimentary bread shortly after that. We both ordered lobster bisque for a starter, which was fantastic, but we could probably have gotten away with one order as the bowls were huge! My wife got the petite filet and I got the halibut. Both of which were delicious as well. At this point we were both very full, but since it was our first time in the restaurant, the waitress brought us dessert which was even SO good! I couldn't stop eating it even though I was full.It's VERY pricey (hence the four stars and not five) but, would recommend City Hall to anyone that has a special occasion coming up.
5	My husband and I came to Mastro's for a celebratory dinner and left with an incredible experience and memory. I have been to many top name steakhouses, including the Mastro's in Las Vegas, but this particular location left me smiling and raving into the next day. Our waiter's name was Corel and not only did he provide great insight to the menu, he was very personable and kind. We were never left asking for anything or waiting for him to come around. He engaged in such fluid conversation with my husband and I and found that we are military. When our bill came he had provided us with a military discount that we were unaware of and topped of our meal with a complimentary cake, to our surprise, for the occasion. The food was incredible and I are until my stomach literally hurt. I found myself making "mmm" noises every time I bit into an item on my plate, my husband and I could not decide who had the better order. I highly recommend Mastro's in Scottsdale for anyone looking for a nice meal and incredible dining experience.
3	It was good, but not great. I think I prefer Ruths Chris and Dc Steakhouse. The restaurant was clean and the service was good, so it is a matter of taste I suppose. My husband enjoyed his steak as well, but agreed with me.   I guess for the price I expect to be knocked off my feet and I wasn't.  To be fair, I only ate here one time so maybe It deserves a second chance.  Too bad they didn't grab my taste buds on the first shot though.
5	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!  Always incredible.  Great steak and lobster mashed potatos.  Only thing that's funny is that they brag that their cows are corn fed.  Um, hello.  Worst thing ever to feed a cow.  They should be grass fed you fools!  A cows body is not capable of properly digesting corn.  Otherwise, amazing.  Only complaint is that Ocean's Club is far more posh and a better experience, but too far from our house.
5	My husband and I had an excellent dinner last night! Steaks perfectly cooked, fabulous lobster mashed potatoes and a wonderful bottle of wine. The staff was also outstanding. We would definitely go back!
5	Top 5 steak I've had in my life.  Visited for a business dinner... wine selection was fantastic, service was good (not amazing) but the food was off the charts, especially the steak.  Highly recommend for the food.
2	Food was good. Service needs improvement across the board. Lack of attention to detail made it a two star visit. Kitchen is obviously doing a good job. I ate there on Friday night with a golfing buddy and had cocktails, salads, steaks, a few sides and a bottle of wine. Spent ~$300. The drink person messed up my buddy's drink. A lemon twist is not a lime last time I checked. (Strike one).  The waitress needs "say it, don't spray it" advice. We can't be the only ones she spat on while talking to us...likely because a crappy band was playing in the bar and she had to talk too loud. (Strike two). And then I get a note from opentable saying I was a no-show for my reservation. (Strike three). Advice: two ears and one mouth for a reason, Mastros. And, PLEASE don't take drinks away if they aren't finished and please don't pour the wine as fast as you can to make me ask you if you are in a hurry. Good food deserves better service. Fix it.
3	We were on vacation and also wanted to try Mastro's.  We live in Chicago and have one here but figured why not since we are on vacation.  Food for good but the service wasn't up to par with the food.  Our waiter was ok but he was at the end of his shift and asked us to pay because he was leaving.  We were still eating.  This was not the right way to handle this.  We wanted another drink and he said if we need anything else they would start a new tab.  Why would I want to pay twice.  We finished our food and left. We didn't even get to see the desert menu..
3	After much discussion, and taking into account the recommendation of a valued friend, we deviated from our tradition of going to Ruth's Chris when visiting Scottsdale.The good:Bar - Great way to start. Our cocktails were excellent as was our service.Dinner - We found a great new wine (new to us) called John Anthony at a reasonable price - score!Desert  - Free butter cake as we were first timers.  I don't eat desert.  It holds no appeal  whatsoever.  This cake was made with the devils hands as it was one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The whipped cream was also five stars.The Not-So-GoodDinner - We had the bone in filet and strip.  Both very average.  Prepared properly but simply not as tender or tasteful as expected.Creamed Spinach - Good Service - OK.  A full house on a Tuesday but there were mix-ups with our orders.  They were eventually sorted out.  In general, the service was slow but adequate.  Not what's expected at this price point.Overall  - The wine and the dessert were the high points.  Not a ringing endorsement of the signature dish at a high end steakhouse.One and done - Back to Ruth's Chris.
5	My husband and I like to splurge every now and then on a good meal (preferably steak) so this year we decided to try Mastro's. I looked at previous reviews and saw that many people enjoyed it despite the price.  The hubby and I dressed up for our night out and expected everyone else to be as well.  But when we got there we noticed a few people wearing jeans,  Polo shirts,  and casual footwear. The wait staff was very attentive and friendly.  The dude who cleaned our table after each plate was taken was smiling as if he loved his job. I told him so as well.  He appreciated the compliment. For appetizers I ordered the oysters which were phenominal! I had them all to myself since the hubby is not a fan of them. The steak i ordered was the best I ever had!  I got the bone in cut and was very pleased with the flavor. I like a little fat on my steak. The lobster mashed potatoes was also great. We tried the butter cake but wasn't thrilled with it like other reviews. It was like eating hardened yellow cake. But overall we love, love,  loved our meal. If it wasn't so dang expensive I would go there every weekend.
2	I brought my husband here to celebrate his birthday. We arrived and the host staff was not welcoming. In fact, they were quite rude.  We ordered the shrimp cocktail for an appetizer and it was awesome that it came out in dry ice and the shrimp were literally colossal with killer horse radish. The bread basket is good and we both loved the pretzel rolls. When the steak came out it was so hot in the pan on the plate that the grease was splattering out so much so that it got all over my husbands shirt because it was sizzling so bad. Speaking of sizzling I've had a better experience at the Sizzler restaurant. I would much rather spend my money at Don and Charlie's or BLT. We may return someday because I hope that was just an off night...best part is an employee contacted me via yelp and said they would be in contact shortly... Never even reached out to me. Great customer service......
5	Our favorite restaurant in the Valley!  Best filet mignon in town!  Lobster mashed potatoes are delicious.  Dungeness crab cocktail is amazing!  All sides are wonderful.  Service is top-drawer
5	Absolutely delicious sides, the steak is great too! My husband and I come here as often as possible. You must try the butter cake it doesn't sound like much but it is incredible! Best dessert in town!
5	Everything we ordered here was top-of-the-line. The service was excellent, and the ambience was perfect. The decorations are interesting. It is a must that you order the warm butter cake.
5	Loved this place! It started off with our awesome waiter recommending a martini for me that was exactly what I wanted and then the shrimp cocktail was delicious served on dry ice, the presentation was beautiful. The horseradish was HOT just how I like it. The chopped salad was so good, loved the vinagrette dressing. The bone in filet was so tender and flavorful and cooked to perfection. The steak was served on a 400 degree plate. It was soooo nice to have a very hot steak. Very classy. The lobster mashed potatoes were awesome and the asparagus and spinach were cooked perfectly. The service was phenomenal. Never have I had such exceptional service from start to finish. What an absolutely wonderful place!!!!!
5	I loved everything about Mastros Ocean Club! The atmosphere is very seductive and captivating, when you walk in your greeted with welcoming smiles from managers hostesses and staff.. They have amazing live performers, one of them being a piano player who sings up to date tunes while playing! I was so impressed that I thought it was the actual singer of the song haha. The cocktails are exactly what you would desire when your having a night out with friends or your  significant other! I ordered filet oscar with lobster mashed potatoes and asparagus. The filet was full of flavor and the side dishes complimented the filet very well!!
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area! The service and attention to detail are incredible; the food is even better! I look for any excuse I can come up with to have dinner here. Most recently, I took my girlfriend here for her birthday. She had never been so I figured it was a good excuse to introduce her to Mastros. We had a table for two in the dinning room, at 7:30 on a Saturday (I have also eaten outside, the outside dining area is very nice but small. Make sure you call as far in advance as possible if you want to sit outside). Anyways, when we got there the place was packed. The bar area was packed and there was live entertainment. All the tables in the dining room were taken. The service was perfect and our server was always there to fill up our drinks when we needed her. The bread basket contains many different types of bread, however the pretzel bread is by far the best! We started out with salad and the lobster bisque. The lobster bisque is soo rich and is full of chunks of lobster. It's a must order every time! My girlfriend got the filet and I got the New York strip. Both steaks were incredible, but the filet at Mastros is second to none. I won't make the mistake of not ordering filet there every again! For sides we got the lobster mashed potatoes and the asparagus. The lobster mashed potatoes are absolutely incredible! We followed up the meal with the butter cake, which was complimentary because it was girlfriend's birthday. The butter cake is best desert I have ever had. It's so rich and topped with ice cream, fresh fruit and whipped cream. You might as well skip Mastros if you are not going to get the butter cake! We had an amazing time and all of the food was excellent. I will certainly return to Mastros as soon as I can find another excuse! Best steakhouse in Arizona!!
5	The food here is amazing and is so worth the price. The best filet I've ever had in my life and the mac n cheese is to die for. This is a great romantic restaurant to celebrate birthdays and anniversaries. Highly recommend!
5	Great atmosphere and good food.
5	This is just a great place to go for special occasions.  We had the filet mignon and the strip steak and both were just lovely.  I'd give both a 5/5.  The service was amazing and we've dined in both the piano room and the main dining area.  Honestly, we loved the piano room better as the songs added to the atmosphere and the main dining area was a bit loud to converse.  If there were any criticisms, it would be that their butter cake desert was a bit over hyped.  Personally, I prefer the butter cake at Frasher's steakhouse better but that's quibbling over minor points.  Come here, drop a ton of money, and leave feeling like Rip Van Winkle was short changed.
4	Update: after writing my review about our less than satisfactory experience, I was promptly contacted by management. They gave a sincere apology and sent out a giftcard for us to come back. We came in on a random week day and enjoyed drinks, wine, salads appetizers and desert. The service was friendly and efficient and the staff at the front  of the door was welcoming and friendly. A huge improvement from our previous visit. The food was fresh, the recommendations were on point and our experience was memorable and lovely!
5	So gooooood! We had a surprise birthday here for my friends 21st and they went above and beyond! Firstly, our server was amazing and very knowledgable about the menu and the specials. About half of us ordered martinis and while they may be a bit expensive you could get about 2 1/2 to 3 drinks from the shaker. The shaker is left on the table and your waitress/waiter checks on you often and shakes and fills your glass till the shaker is empty. One of my pet peeves is my water glass being empty as I drink a lot of water, but the servers were always so attentive I was never with an empty water glass! We ordered shoestring fries as an appetizer and it was HUGE! We had 8 people and there was still about 1/3 of the bowl left when our food arrived.The steak, garlic mashed potatoes, and great beans were perfect! Steak was cooked at a beautiful medium, so juicy and flavorful. The sides are larger and they say are meant to be shared with 4 people, yet we were able to get good portions and share with our whole table. After our plates were taken away our waitress brought the birthday girl a huge birthday dessert on the house, I think it was butter cake? Not sure of the flavor because it was a total surprise! It was beautifully personalized with her name in chocolate on the plate. The server had seen our ID's when we ordered drinks and obviously remembered them! That's something I haven't seen anywhere else, the attention and service you get here is uncharted anywhere else. I love Mastros!
5	Fun, friendly service, and amazing food!Ordered a filet mignon that was cooked perfectly, juicy and tender.  The lobster mashed potatos are great.  And the warm butter cake.. oh my... so good! I don't really care much for anything sweet, but this cake was incredible!A great place to go to when you wanna splurge on a wonderful meal!
5	Other reviews are spot on. This place is great! From the moment we walked in we were welcomed and given excellent attention. Setting is dark and cool, lots of waiters bustling around, place was packed with happy customers. Had a delicious strawberry martini, the filet came sizzling to our table, and omg the lobster mashed potatoes. Well worth the price. And of course, the butter cake. Insane! Meal was in my top 5 favorites. Will definitely be back. Kicked Ruth Chris' ass for sure!
5	So my parents came to visit me in town for the weekend and wanted me to take them to the best steakhouse in town. After a quick search on yelp it was pretty evident that mastros was the answer... And it didn't disappoint!I made a reservation using open table on yelp and we were in on a busy night. We had a great table and great service that walked us through our first experience at Mastro's.The range of wines, drinks and cuts of steak they have is amazing... Not to mention the generously portioned sides. If you order a martini they bring out the entire shaker for you!I went with a new york strip. It was cooked perfectly and we accompanied it with gorgonzola mac n cheese (very good) garlic mashed potatoes, grilled asparagus and sauteed spinach. It was an amazing meal capped off by a free warm butter cake on the house because it was our first time.If youre looking for excellent service, a nice ambiance and amazing food- Mastro's is a place that impresses in all aspects. I will come here again, as often as possible.
5	Wonderful atmosphere, stellar service and mouthwatering, five star steakhouse food make this mastros the place to hit on a Friday or Saturday night. Of course it has to be budgeted for because this place isn't cheap, however the see and be seen crowd is here. Live music in the lounge (the singer is beautiful!) maybe a little loud but the wonderful smell of clarified butter while observing the who's who and the pretenders more than make up for any shortcomings. Prepare yourself for an onslaught to your senses. Strong drinks and a server who will remember what you're having. Salads and appetizers that have been thought out, perfectly cooked and well presented. Unless you're having a seafood tower which is perfect in its decadence: both taste and presentation! Highly recommended and it comes any way you want it. On to the steaks. I recommend skipping seafood as a main course. It's a great steakhouse so indulge or go to the chart house! I've had the porterhouse and the filet but if you like miles of flavor, tenderness and and the perfect combination of butter and seasoning, go with the ribeye.. Easily my favorite and the reason I don't save room for dessert. I've tried the desserts but my goal is to to enjoy the perfection of appetizer and meat. Everybody saves room for it except me and certainly not here! I can't wait for my next visit and now I'm thinking about my next steak.. Maybe this Friday?
5	All the good stuff from other reviews was confirmed.  It was an EXCELLENT experience all the way around.  Great service, great food.  Additionally my daughter-in-law dropped her bracelet and the busboy came running out while we were waiting for our cab and tracked her down.   They really went the extra mile.  Would definitely return.
5	We were there for our companies dinner & the let me tell you I am not a meat lover but I had fillet minon & it was mouthwatering amazing! The ambiance in the red was very beautiful & the cheesecake was extremely good!!! The service was with outermost respect & all the waiters were very polite!!! Just an amazing experience overall!!!
5	Amazing service and outstanding food. Mastro's truly is an unparalleled dining experience. The steaks are phenomenal and the side dishes are delicious. The butter cake is a must have for dessert.
5	The food was very good. The wine list more than adequate. The service was good. Only small complaint is the noise level. Went with a group of coworkers for a meeting and had a hard time carrying on conversations. But this was minor as the overall food and atmosphere are great.
5	Oh no way, another five star review for Mastros!? Would have never figured! I was reluctant to write a review for Mastros because it already has several hundred glowing reviews on it's page. It is not a fickle business where one Yelp review can make or break it's listing, but I felt, after tonight I must.I have dined at Mastros a few times before, each time exceptional. The food is always top notch (as one could only hope for with the prices) and the service is next to perfect. However, tonight our server went above and beyond. As we scrapped the last pieces of perfectly done filets off our plates, and chocked down the last savory bites of Mac and Cheese our waiter came over to check in on us. He could see the defeat in our faces; Stuffed, about to explode, on the verge of a food coma. After briefly chatting with us he found my mom was visiting her college student son from the East Coast. He asked if we had room for desert, a groggy "no" we both replied. He told my mom that the experience wouldn't be complete without butter cake. I agreed with him, I said "It really won't, it's part of Mastors culture. It's almost sacrilegious to come here and not try it, at least once." She looked at me for a second and said "It does sound good, but I can't I'm just to full." I looked at her and sighed, agreeing. My shook his head and left, a few minutes later he returned with a butter cake in hand. He said he could see the tough decision we had, and didn't want my mother leaving with out a bite. He said "don't worry about the cost, this one is on me. "Now I have been to plenty of restaurants before, and worked in them as well. Usually they will comp a drink, or a split appetizer   if their was something wrong with the meal, or a long wait. But never if everything was perfectly fine. So to my waiter I believe your name was Derek, I don't know if you ever see these, or have one of the managers read praises from the night. But these Five stars are for you. Again thank you for the free Butter Cake and overall awesome dinning experience.
4	It is a tradition for my boyfriend and I to take each other to a nice dining restaurant to celebrate birthdays. A few friends recommended City Hall for a nice, romantic dinner.I made reservations using Open Table and noted the special occasion. We were promptly seated upon our arrival and the ambiance was pleasant. There was a small band alongside a piano player playing top chart music and provided a great relaxed atmosphere. Our food was great and came out piping hot! We each had the fillet- cooked EXACTLY as we ordered...which is always a plus by me. Also, we split the macaroni and green beans. For dessert, we were treated with a birthday butter cake with a rich and decant ice cream...that alone would have been a great treat on its own. The only small "complaint" I have is the wines. Two weeks ago I bough the "Crush" Dreaming Tree Wine for 15.00 at Frys...it is a great smokey, red blend. But, the bottle was $40 on the menu. What is the difference? Will the wine bottle at Mastro's make me poop gold eggs? If so, I'd buy it...otherwise...no thanks.Above all ...the service was fantastic! I really appreciated the quick response to fill my drink and provide recommendations. Great time to celebrate my wonderful boyfriend's day of birth.
5	Best steakhouse in town! I'm a huge fan of ribeye and prime rib so this last time we ordered the 33 oz chef's center cut which is some of both and it was by far the best steak I've had there! That is compared with the bone in filet and ribeye which are also great cuts. Finished off with the butter cake as usual. Never disappointed with the food or service and it is always number 1 on the list when it comes to special occasions.
5	Very upscale steakhouse!  The service 5 stars.  The scalloped potatoes with fresh jalapenos 5 stars.  The rib eye with bone in 5 stars. I'm taking heaven people! Oh, THE best warm butter cake.  You might die a little but definitely surface back.  Perfection.
3	My wife and I visited City Hall Maestros last weekend and I was a little disappointed. For me, I had been there twice before and had great experiences. This was my wife's first time and she was pretty excited as she had heard me rave about this place. We arrived a few minutes prior to our reservations and the hostess kindly took us to our table. I believe our servers name was Cassie and she was polite, knowledgeable about the menu, shared with us the specials and answered our questions. She was great. We both ordered the fillet, sweet potato fries and brussels sprouts for sides and a nice bottle of wine. As we were waiting for our food I kept talking how great the steaks were going to be. As the food arrived shortly after, it didn't take long for me to realize my steak was overly cooked and a little rough. Almost a little rubbery, tough to choose. I had a bite of my wife's steak and it was a little better but still not spectacular which we expected for a $50 steak. I'm not one to send back food so I just toughed it out and ate more of the sides which were delicious. As mentioned We were disappointed and left wishing I had ordered something else. Would I return to this place???  Not sure, still undecided and bummed over our experience.
4	My wife and I came here to celebrate our 1st year wedding anniversary and we had a wonderful experience. The service was exceptional. After each course the table was crumbed and our server presented each new course eloquently. We started with the crab stuffed mushrooms, followed by the 22 oz Bone in Kansas City strip with lobster mash potatoes. Dessert was the Butter cake with a side of fresh whipped cream. The food was outstanding. The mushrooms were cooked perfectly. The steak was juicy, thick and sizzling with flavor.  And the butter cake was out of this world. My wife had cocktails to which our server knew everything about along with the food. All in all, the experience and the food were worth the price.      Why just four stars then? It would have received give stars if their wine list was a little more versatile such as some old world wines.
2	Literally just left Mastro's City Hall and I could not be more disappointed.  Took my best friend here for her big dinner out during her Bachelorette weekend and it was one disappointment after another.  Despite making reservations through OpenTable, we had to wait 15 minutes for our table to be ready. Our drinks from the bar were horrendous. We ordered two classic drinks, a mojito and a Tom Collins and both had to be sent back. We ordered one gnocchi with crab meat and one without and we specified the bride to be is allergic to seafood. When the food arrived, they served the bride the crab meat gnocchi and her whole dish had to be sent back because it was now contaminated. Worst yet was the offer of a special event piece of chocolate cake that we didn't ask for and assumed it was complimentary.  Two minutes later the waitress said the chocolate cake was unavailable and offered us a piece of butter cake which we declined. When the check came there was a charge for $6 for the special event cake we didn't even ask for, and a refund for them same. Overall, it was $300 before tip and tax for five women and incredibly underwhelming. If you want to go to a real steakhouse you're better off going to Capital Grille.
4	Great happy hour!  5 for $6 til 7pm?!  Great food and ambiance.  Steak is of course amazing.
5	Best steak in AZ. Let me say it again, THE BEST STEAK IN AZ. Despite not having domestic wagyu options, this is the place to go for bone-in New York Strip or Filet. This steak is flavorful, perfectly cooked, and felt like it could be cut with a butter knife. The service is top notch and they make you feel comfortable asking questions. It's a bit dark inside,  but the waiters have flashlights. It will be hard to go back to Prime Rib, Ruth's Chris, Morton's, or Donovan's. Enjoy...it's totally worth the money.
5	This is my absolute favorite place to celebrate a special occasion!! Service is amazing as are the lobster mash potatoes and bone in filet. Always cooked to a perfect medium rare. If you haven't tried, you are missing out!
1	I was so excited to visit City Hall for dinner, it was definitely on my top 5 places to do dinner at asap but I waited for a special occasion. My husband and I visited for our anniversary and we were looking forward to having a romantic and intimate date night with delicious food and great drinks. First off the bartender was not friendly, our drinks took forever and he brought us the check after our first round with out asking if we wanted a second round or keep the tab open? So odd but we continued the night and finally got seated. Our filets were not cooked like we asked, we ordered rare and medium rare and they were both over cooked and kind of spongy. It was not what we had expected and it put a damper on our anniversary. Our waiter was annoyed when I asked if they could put together a special anniversary dessert assortment. It just wasn't friendly or the quality we expected. A waste of our money and time.
2	UGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!!!!! Lovely atmosphere, loud & if you are wanting to spend spend spend then this is the place...I am only focusing on my starter - Beefsteak Tomato & Onion Presented in a swimming pool of balsamic, not drizzled with a delicate flavoring which allowed the tomato flavor to come through, no hint of black pepper - there was basil I think but could not tell - I really can't go further than that, the rest of the meal was just a sad....Mastros - please note you have a spelling mistake on your website menu http://www.mastrosrestaurants.com/Locations/AZ/11-City-Hall-Scottsdale-Main/12-Menu/Default.aspx
5	5 stars , obviously. Mastros NEVER ceases to amaze. Fantastic wine selection, love the scallops appetizer, best filets in the state, and be sure to get the butter cake for dinner. We are huge Mastros fans and my company uses this restaurant to recruit new employees... Regularly! Treat yourself and enjoy the deliciousness that is Mastros!
5	I'm salivating just thinking about the Mastro's experience. Everything about this restaurant merits 5-stars: from the high quality fresh seafood, beef aged on site... To the BUTTER CAKE!Start with the seafood tower.Split a Caesar.Bone in Filet Mignon....Side of lobster mashed potatoes.Butter cake.Your mind will be blown, and so will your wallet. Proceed with caution.
5	Ask for Corell  and let him walk you through the most amazing dinning experience ever !!!!! And the GM Jess ... Most professional ... Make sure to say hi Thank you !!!!!
5	My husband surprised me with reservations here for our anniversary. This place knows how to make steak. Had the bone in fillet and it was cooked perfectly. The sides were amazing and the atmosphere was perfectWe sat near the piano and the guys playing were amazing!It was the perfect night.
2	We splurged and followed the recommendations for Maestro's. We had reservations but it was crazy busy and out table was not ready. We did get seated outside which was lovely ambiance with bistro lights and a fireplace BUT you were also privy to the secondhand smoke from everyone above you smoking outside which was less than enjoyable. The steak and sides I chose (served family style) were pricey but my steak was tasty and served to order. The drinks were expensive. The service was OK. The bill was not representative of the overall "meh" experience.
3	Maybe it is because there were so many glowing reviews but I had high expectations for this restaurant.  Unfortunately, I would regard it as thoroughly so-so.  We went on a Sunday night, hoping for smaller crowds.  It was about 2/3 full.  The inside is lots of small tables crammed close together.  It would be hard for me to see how anyone could find that intimate or romantic.  It is probably incredibly noisy when it is full.As others have mentioned, with the "swank" vibe going on, the top-40 music is totally out of place.  Sinatra, jazz, etc would be a much better fit.We had marrow as an appetizer and it was a complete disappointment.  My advice to them would be to go to a good French restaurant for an example of how this dish should be done and revise the recipe.  It was fatty and bland, whereas it should be rich and garlicky.We split a spinach salad and, again, it was fine but nothing special.  Really relied on heavy toppings like bacon and egg to have flavor.For the main course, we each had the bone-in filet (12 oz) and shared the lobster mash as well as steamed asparagus.  The lobster mash came in a bowl that would have easily fed a hungry family of six, and there was probably 3/4 inch grease (butter?) floating on top that did not really add to the flavor.  My steak was too big.  If I return, I'd have my normal 8 oz filet.  We were only visiting the area, so taking home all these massive left-overs was not an option.The service was fine.  When we ordered champagne, they asked if we were celebrating a special occasion, which we were (belated birthday.) So they brought us a lovely piece of chocolate cake, which was very nice.  But I did notice, throughout the evening, the staff was scurrying around a lot. At one point, they were rush past each other right behind me, calling out "Right behind you!" to avoid running into one another.  In an expensive restaurant like this that relies so much on ambiance to set a mood, that kind of rushing around very much detracts from the experience.  Staff should be unobtrusive.  Our total bill was just shy of $400, mostly because I chose a fairly expensive champagne.  Pricing was in line with what I would expect at a high-end steak house in my home town (Seattle.)So would I return?  Maybe.  Next time we visit the area I think I will try some of the other steak restaurants.  This place was ok but I am generally looking for more than "ok" when I spend hundreds of dollars on an evening out.
5	Top 3 meals of my life.  I live in NYC and visited Scottsdale and had 0 to no expectations for this place, based on the fact that I live in NYC and am surrounded by great Steakhouses .  I was blown away.Had the Seafood tower to start- Shrimp and Dungeness crab stole the showHad bone in filet- unbelievably good for a filter.  Show Stopper.Sides- Mac and cheese (4.5/5), Lobster Mashed (4/5) Creamed spinach (5/5) Brussels Sprouts (4.5/5)Dessert- Butter Cake- very original, delicious, problem was I was so filled up from the meal couldnt fully enjoy itCoffee- Strong and dark.  Just the way I like it.All in all a delicious top notch meal.  If you order right, it will put a dent in your pocket but it is well worth it.
5	This establishment had an absolutely delightful ambiance. The food was delicious and the waiters and waitresses were on point. I will definitely be back.
4	I need to be cranky more often because when I am, my hubby tries to appease me with delicious food. Who knows what was wrong with me that Saturday, but I'd happily do it all over again if it means another chance to dine here.Mastro's has a menu that makes choosing anything extremely difficult. I thought I knew what I wanted, until our server came with recommendations/specials and put me back at square one.I can't say I enjoyed the bone marrow as much as my hubby did, but I did enjoy the arugula side salad (he did not- he's not one to eat vegetables. Ever.). $35 for lobster mashed potatoes sounds like a bad financial investment. Fortunately for me, my hubby is one who lives by the saying, "Happy wife, happy life." I don't even like mashed potatoes, but DON'T SKIP THIS. Albeit a little on the salty side, it was quite delicious. A pound of lobster on top of creamy mashed potatoes... who knew I'd enjoy this starch so much.My eyes got even bigger when the hubby's bone-in rib-eye was brought to the table. Of course, the ever-so-thoughtful partner of mine had asked for the order to be split (I think he knew I was going to get into his plate whether he liked it or not). Extremely juicy, well-seasoned steak with a beautiful char. As I put a piece into my mouth followed by a spoonful of mashed potatoes and lobster, I suddenly knew what heaven felt like.Service was great- server was extremely friendly, funny, and helpful. I just wish I had some self control but I can never resist the bread basket, so we couldn't order more food. Until next time!
5	From the minute I walked in to the minute I left I was impressed.  The only negative thing I have to say is I can't afford to come back every night.
2	Okay, this Mastro's is meh, 2 stars. Sis and I have eaten as Mastro's Beverly Hills for decades and I thought this was a safe choice for Xmas eve. It was predictably crowded, we were seated promptly, but we waited almost too long for our food. Then when my sister's monstrous rib eye came out, she found it overcooked. So much for medium rare having a warm center, this steak was medium, which sis hates. The waiter apologized and took it back to bring out another. My bf's filet was more medium than the medium rare he ordered, but he is loathe to complain and ate it anyway. The broccoli was a tad past al dente and the snap peas were cooked to a mushy consistency. Yikes. When sis asked for boxes for the left overs (some were for the dog) the busboy balked at putting things in separate boxes. WTF? I realize this is not Beverly Hills, however the prices are the same, but the quality is definitely not there. If you're used to good steakhouses like Fleming's where they know how to cook a steak correctly, then you'll be disappointed in Mastro's City Hall, I know I was.
4	The only reason why this place scored as high as I'm giving it is because of the service of a couple of the ladies there. The food was not what I had come to expect out of this place. I've eaten here probably two or three other times and was satisfied but this was not one of those times. I was by myself waiting for someone to get done with their conference in the back so I sat alone. My server treated me as if I were there with a party of ten and gave me plenty of attention. I had a martini which was excellent seeing it was huge with the shaker on the side. I had an appetizer and the steak with the bread pudding and I'd give it 3 of 5 stars. Pricey? Sure but it's what I expected coming here and I'd come back but these folks need to step it up in the kitchen if they want to compete because there's plenty of competition around.
4	It s a nice place but also busy. I liked the food and the music. Make a reservation because it is really busy.
5	Always a great place !  The pretzel bread is great ! Steaks are always awesome.I tried the bone in filet, which was really good.  Next time I will go with the regular filet, it seems to be less fatty and not have to deal with the bone.  Service is always excellent !!  My favorite steak in Arizona.
5	Ruth's Chris, Lawry's, and Morton's steakhouses pale in comparison to Mastro's the steaks were tender, flavorful, and expertly prepared. Definitely the best steaks that we have ever eaten.
4	Went with friends.  Inside was very nice.  Not too loud.  Only complaint I had on the ambiance was the lighting.  I had to use my cell phone flash light app to read the menu.  We had 2 waiters.  Very knowledgeable on the steaks.  One was a bit pushy but not too bad.  Our party of 10 had mostly steaks.  My family really liked their steaks.  All were cooked as ordered and were tasty (I sampled my wife's steak) . I ordered the pork chop.  Very tasty but slightly overcooked.  A few had some starter salads.  Nothing fancy there and not worth the cost (IMO).  We also sampled many of the side dishes.  The lobster mashed potatoes were very good as were the scalloped potatoes.  The green beans could have had more slivered almonds.  The asparagus were the least liked side dish.  Not much flavor.  Most of us had water to drink.  A few of the kids had soda.  They serve the soda in small bottles so each refill ups the $$. Seems a bit tacky that they nickel and dime people on soda.  We sampled 2 of the deserts.  One was a sugar cake.  I really liked it.  The other was a huge piece of chocolate cake.  We all agreed that the chocolate cake was too dry.  Coffee was good.  Nice espresso cup.  All in all, it was a pleasant evening spent with good friends.
5	Amazing filet. Maybe best I've ever had. Make sure to get the gnocci side. And they don't tell you but you can get half order sides (that are also half price) so you can try more from the extensive side list.
1	Bummed.  We have eaten at Mastro's near Troon and have been frequent regulars so we decided to try Mastro's City Hall since we were nearby and wanted something we knew. What a disappointment.  We left saying.."if we had come to this Mastro's first we would never have visited another."  Food was okay, service was blah -- for example 6 wait-staff,  standing in the bar, wearing white coats with bow ties, watching the football game for over an hour,  our appetizer dishes sat there until our dinner came (oh geez..what a problem..but boy, not the service I have seen at the other Mastro's). Our food was cold, wine not poured after the first glass.  Not great service for first class prices.  Bummer.
4	My porterhouse was too salty to enjoy very much of and I forgot my own tip about ordering one step less cooked than liked because the plate will continue cooking the meat.  It was also a lot hotter than usual so it kept spattering me with hot butter.  I think I prefer the ribeye or the filets.  The ribeye has more flavor and wasn't salted as much.  The filets are thicker so the seasoning evens out better.  Mushrooms were delicious as always.  The twice baked potato was a bit too salty as well.  Calamari was average, but hardly battered and came with an unappetizing sauce with a thick hardened skin.  That was a disappointing performance for a restaurant at this level that is usually very consistently good.Cheesecake is different now!  It has a graham crust and comes with a delicious creme fraiche.  The cheesecake is more creamy and dense, though I prefer fluffy.  Still overall it was a decent dessert.It'll still be one of my favorite restaurants and my go-to for impressing people, but I'm hoping today's dinner isn't a sign of declining standards.
