4	Hubby and I were here tonight for a grand and glorious breaking of his diet. He had been before to the one in Houston, and had been looking forward to the new Scottsdale location. For being open only 3 nights, the service went quite smoothly and the staff and management we met were all great. We started out with drinks- a gin and tonic ($10) and a caipirinha ($8.25)- both were strong and very good. The wine list is extensive, for those who prefer the vino. Delicious little popovers arrived at the table, and we headed off to the salad bar. Far better and fresher than Fogo E Brasa's, it had a variety of cheeses (including chunks of parm and fresh mozzarella), smoked salmon, prosciutto, salami, sun dried tomatoes, olives, marinated bell peppers, asparagus spears, mushroom caps, and seafood and chicken salads, just to name about a third of the offerings.Then came a veritable torrent of meat. The beef was the best, and came in a variety of cuts and preparations. We liked the Ancho (rib eye), the Picanha (the classic sirloin cut in the half moon shape), and the garlic beef best. The pork ribs were really well done and juicy, and the sausage was quite flavorful. The chicken was a tad dry, and the lamb was too gamey for our liking (and we usually like lamb). Side dishes were brought to our table, in appropriately modest portions. There were squares of polenta, which I really liked but Hubby did not care for, and mildly garlic mashed potatoes, and yummy fried plantains. Dessert choices were pretty typical: a creme brulee, a flan, 2 types of cheesecake, and 2 types of chocolate cake. Hubby wanted what he had enjoyed at the Houston Fogo before: the papaya cream topped with creme de cassis liqueur ($8.25). It was more runny than mousse-y, and the papaya taste was pretty subtle, with the liqueur being the top note.There is a rather unnecessary valet parking service for $3, when the parking lot surrounding the place is huge. Not so huge, however,  that the many douche-bags who double parked went unnoticed. The bathrooms are nice. The dinner, which is all you care to eat, is $42.50 per person. I'm sure we'll be back for special occasions.
4	We have to throw out kkdkat F's review. What the hell is it with people reviewing a business that isn't open yet?My experience was fortunately when they were open. I went Saturday night, their third day open, and it was a glorious night. I missed the 6:30 reservation but still only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table. They were very accommodating with my friends 2 year old and did not charge us for her to sit at the table and eat scraps of his food. If you have never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse (as I hadn't) it is a ridiculous idea. You flip the card to green when you want food, and red when you don't want food. Problem is that the food guys come so much that a mere 45 seconds of "green" will have your plate full of more meat than you could possibly consume. To offset this meat bonanza, they do offer a salad bar. The place kind of reminds me of a Golden Corral, but upscale, where you don't have to get it yourself. The clientele is old, overweight, and un-sophisticated as you would expect at an all you can eat restaurant. The price ($42.50) is high enough only to discourage the dredges of society. I saw quite a few younger people out on dates, probably not ones that would have the palate to appreciate even restaurants at half this cost. The salad bar alone ($19) was more than well enough equipped. Featuring 8-10 different salads, raw vegetables, and a few cold cuts. Each meal includes three sides that are shared family style, a fried banana, mashed potatoes, and polenta which are all replaced the moment you finish one. The trick if you do not want another, is to leave a bite of it on the platter. They wont replace it if it isn't finished. They also bring the most delicious bread imaginable that has a warm, gooey, cheesy center. The two year old ate 6 of them.Meat service includes 15 different types of meat here, of which I tried about 8 and they were all on the decent to good range. The only exception to it being the lamb chop which we both agreed was the loser of the bunch, with the favorite being either the bacon wrapped filet, garlic beef, or the parmesan encrusted pork chop. All items are served in small portions, enabling you to try several different ones. I don't think I had two of anything. It is definitely a huge meal and my recommendation is to eat nothing all day, and then be very concerned what your cardiologist might say afterward. The restaurant is probably going to last through this depression at least, as they serve in high volume and turn a lot of tables. It isn't uppity enough to turn away the low end clientele, and it isn't crappy enough to turn away the affluent folks. The service is spectacular. I don't think I asked for one thing all night, and the food is good. My only gripe is the meats were all very well cooked, which is obviously a testament to most peoples tastes and not wanting to actually taste the meats. It would have been nice to have a "rare" option, but the did decline the request.
4	We've missed Fogo since we left Houston in 2003.  Back then the price was around $50 and now it is $42.50 - yaaay deflation!  The food and service were outstanding.  Our experience was different from John V's in that the meats were cooked at a variety of doneness and when my wife wanted something cooked a little more (does that make her unsophisticated? - yeah right) they were more than accommodating.   It's a meatstravaganza!!Also, webmaster - Kerstin M. Deserves the first to Review.
5	Finally...an original steakhouse,..Considering they have been multiplying like gremlins in the past 12 months.The place was packed...I wonder why ? It was a weekday.The food was awesome. No confusion as there is no menu. You just eat what they give you.  In other words it is a prix fixe: $ 42.50 for the dinner and that excludes beverages and desserts. However, the price includes sides (i.e: grilled bananas, mashed poatoes, cheese bread, and grilled polenta) and unlimited servings of their scrumptious grilled meats - there are fifteen to choose from). The dining room is beautiful as is the waitstaff - Many of them are from Brazil which adds to the authenticity of the experience.The service was im-pec-cable!!!. Everyone was extremely accommodating and acted like they had ownership in the restaurant. They were all extremely polite and well versed in service delivery.Considering that one steakhouse after another (at least 8), has opened in the valley in the past 12 months, this Brazilian steakhouse concept is the most original.The salad bar is phenomenal and very varied, so even vegetarians will not get depressed at the sight of the meat skewers visiting their tables. I have no doubt in my mind that they will be successful. My first impression was extremely positive and I hardly cannot wait to go back.
5	Fogo De Chao was the first churrascaria I had eaten at many years ago back in Dallas. The first time you experience one, you'll understand why the eateries are near and dear to many people's hearts. At these Brazilian steakhouses, gauchos encircle your table to offer you various delectable cuts of beef, lamb, chicken and pork. The format is no-menu, single fee, all-you-can-eat extravaganza.The price at this Fogo in particular as of this writing here in Phoenix is $42.50 per person, which is a bargain considering the amount and quality of food offered. Once you're seated, you're offered drinks and then you're free to immediately indulge in one of the most high-class 'salad bar' experience you'll ever have. Really, calling it that doesn't do it any justice.After you've had your fill of vegetation and the like, you may begin the onslaught of meat. There is a small card that is next to you that you flip to 'green' to attract the gauchos and 'red' when you'd like to take a break. Come to Fogo expecting to practice gluttony. You will savor mouth-watering cuts of meat including fillet, top and bottom sirloin, lamb chops, leg of lamb, bacon wrapped fillet and bacon-wrapped chicken, pork sausage and ribs and others. They're all exceptional though you may like some things more than others.There are a few words of warning. You will consume a lot of food. The meats are highly salted to bring out the most of their flavor and the beef is cooked to the rare side. In short, this is not a health food experience. This is for the meat lover in a meat-eating mood.You can feel free to intersperse the vegetables at the salad bar while eating the meat. As well, a few sides are provided: garlic mashed potatoes, fried polenta and fried bananas. Fogo has many fine deserts though I tend to stick with the recommended Papaya Cream, which is a lighter fare after consuming pounds of meat.As for the rest of Fogo, the setting is noisy but gorgeous. There's always a festive atmosphere about the place. With all the hustle and bustle occasionally, you might be overwhelmed and you might be forgotten about for a few minutes... unless your card is 'green'!Overall, Fogo offers good value for money, an excellent setting and an unbeatable churrascaria experience. Probably my favorite restaurant of all time.
4	Havent been to a Brazilian-style steakhouse since in Puerto Vallarte this past summer. While the meat was better in PV the salad bar at Fogo is a low carbin' dream! We're talking fresh mozzarella, mushrooms, Parmigiano-Reggiano (a whole wheel), manchego cheese, prosciutto.. delicious and satisfying all this and more for only 19.50! Now if you want to have endless rounds with the Gaucho's you'll have to pony up $42.50 (including unlimited salad bar), a real bargain if you ask me, great quality. The meat just keeps coming and coming.. highlights were the leg of lamb, garlic beef and the sausage. They also bring a basket of bread (they forgot ours) as well as fried bananas, mashed potatoes and fried polenta.. be sure to skip that stuff and stick to the meats and salad bar. Oh, avoid the pork ribs.. while the Mr liked his, mine tasted like they were in someones ass for a while.. pretty nast though I think was the bones. Now if the only the Gaucho's were shirtless or wearing ass less chaps.. well one would hope.
1	Lets start off good and work downward shall we..............I loved the salad bar THE BEST APPLE AND CHICKEN SALAD I ever had.  Mozzarella Boccochinis, the best asparagus  I have had ever. Not crazy about the Prosciutto (no taste, very blah) but the smoked salmon superbly sliced and Fabulous. Let me not forget what ever was on the table in the pop over bread thing. OMG that was a highlight for me. Now I like to see my wait staff work hard as I tip off that idea. These Guys were on their game, quickly as if they were riding a horse. they came to the table with swords of meat and sliced accordingly to my desired cook level. After sampling every meat  (or most of them) I dawned on me that somehow they all tasted alike.   The saturation on herbs and the distinct flavor of lemon smothered each meat.   Now I like lemon of lamb and pork but not everything.  I did PIG out and I was sorry that I could not afford the 14.50 for a glass of wine nor the 8.50 for a cup of coffee.  I love meat and meat loves me, but I just can't be that glutenous.  Sorry I could not be more support of.
4	talk about full... this place allows you to eat many different styles of Brazilian meats made to order.  I was a fan of most, although it seemed as though there was a little too much salt on all of the meats.  It was a wide array of choices.  My least favorite was the pork ribs which were very dry.  It would not be a suggestion of mine as a place to go on a date, it is $45 per person to eat and I feel to get the full value you have to eat a lot!!  Overall it was a good filling experience, the staff was there all the time and I was never in need of anything, very on top of water refills and fresh plates.
5	This is by far the best restaurant in Scottsdale especially for the one cut price of $42.50. After the hostess seats you the waiter/waitress will come by and explain how the system works. First, you can go to the huge salad bar and pick from the many vegetables and they even had my favorite peppers, Peppadews. After you are finished eating your salad, you can flip the card they give you to green which means that you want meat. Someone might ask if would like a fresh plate and then a gaucho (the person that has the meat on a skewer) will come by your table and tell what kind of meat is on the skewer and ask you if you would like some. I recommend the fillet mignon wrapped in bacon or the top sirloin. Excellent customer service and the best I have in a Scottsdale restaurant in a long time. Throughout the meal fried banana, fried polenta, and mashed potatoes are replenished. You must be careful when picking wines or liquor because the price can add up and its where they make the big bucks. After you are finished with your meal a liquor cart comes around and the person will ask you if you would like something. They have port to expensive wines to cognac. For dessert I would recommend the papaya creme if your not an avid chocolate fan. It is not too sweet and taste a little like frozen yogurt. However, if you are a choclatier, then I would go for the chocolate molten cake. If you want to go it is best to make a reservation because it's a very popular place.
5	I have been to a Brazilian steakhouse before and this one was just as good as the one I went to in DC. The service was outstanding. The food was unbelievable. All the meats were good but my favorite was the filet mignon. It just melted in your mouth! I am drooling just thinking about it. We ordered a bottle of red that was so good. It went perfectly with all of the meat we were eating. How we had room for dessert is beyond me but the hot molten cake and the tres leches, wow!  The cheese knots were addictive and my waiter even snuck me a little box full of them at the end of the night. I will definitely be going back again.
4	Wonderful salad bar, mixed feelings on the meats, some wonderful, some dry and a little overdone, but overall a very fine meal. Service is impeccable. Nice wine list if not a little pricey.
5	This may not be fine dining but it sure is good food.  I was the first one to make fun of  people who went to this place in DC until some friends took me to the one here in Scottsdale. I am also a boo hooer of salad bars but this one was different, it had beautiful parmesan cheese, the real deal, nice charcuterie and roasted asparagas.The meats were succulent and delicious, i love the lamb chops, the filet mignon and the signature sirloin.  The stand out was the service at this Fogo de Chao, the meat carvers were on top of their game and it turns out they are  all from Brazil and work here in the states for one year.  Oneof them told us that he was going to Open the Denver Restaurant and then was off to Baltimore for 2 months.  It turns out that the owners rent places for them and the share quarters around the country.  management at all other restaurants are Brazilian except the Scottsdale one.  The wait staff is composed of local college age people who have been indoctrinated into the Brazilian style of european service.  it is a delightful experience!I don't think anyone could eat here as a regular diet but a few times a year won't kill you.  I for one can't wait to go back!
5	Fathers day came two days earlier for me and all I can say is WOW !! My daughters insisted on taking me to this restaurant  for a dinner. The moment I walked through the front door I knew the experience would be a memorable one. The service was outstanding and so was the food. I felt as if I was on a cruise ship being pampered by the crew. I've dined at may fine establishments in my time and this one will bring a smile upon my face every time I reminisce,not only for the fine food and service but most importantly because I had my beautiful daughters with me.
5	This was simply an amazing dining experience. My boyfriend and I have eaten in several Brazilian  steakhouses, including one excellent but more casual one in Guadalajara, and this one in Scottsdale shames the others. SHAMES THEM!  The service was spot on, the meats more flavorful than other Brazilian places we've been. Amazing wine list. And am I crazy or were all or most of the wait staff actually Brazilian??! The boyfriend has known several Brazilians and spotted the accent. How much more authentic can you get?I adore the salad bar at these places, but holy moly i wasn't prepared for the cheese bread. When you read the words "cheese bread" you're mind might go immediately to Red Lobster type places. Or at least mine does. Yak. But these are little pillowy soft bread rolls with a cheesy consistency. Not heavy at all. How do they get the flour and cheese to play nice like that??I have to disagree with people's comments about waiting longer for well-done cuts. I dont eat anything that isn't brown brown done. And they happily offered up the perfect cuts. how can you no to bacon wrapped sirloin. Dear god!
4	Fogo de Chao is a great place to go if your hungry! I call it the "meat parade" because they are constantly serving you meats of your choice. This location has a friendly staff and is well worth the visit. The salad bar is great too.
4	I finally got to try this place out.  After years of knowing about it and not doing anything about that I got my day.Meat!  Lots and lots of delicious meat!  The salad bar was great, but I knew that I didn't come here for that.  I tried my best to be brief at the bar, but I couldn't resist.  Wonderful selection of veggies and cheeses.  Smoked salmon as well.  The hearts of palm were crunchy, the artichoke hearts were wonderful.  I was in love, but I was ready for meat.First they clear your plate and throw down some side dishes.  Truthfully none of the sides looked tempting.  It was a small portion, but I bet if we wanted more, we'd get it.  The second you flip that button to allow meat, they come running over.  Skewers upon skewers of meat.  All of them were wonderful but some were better than others.  Stay away from the bacon wrapped filet and Parmesan crusted pork.  Both were not that good.  I also noticed that I prefer the meat when it's straight out of the flame.  If it sits around more than 15 minutes, it's not as good.What I really liked about the place was the service.  Top notch.  They let us know right away that they work as a team.  So if we didn't see the server that first waited on us, we could ask anyone.  That was true.  There were about 6 people helping us at all times.What I didn't like about the place was I felt a little rushed.  The rest of my party was done eating and I was still trucking.  Not only did they clear the table while I was still eating, the waiter even presented the desserts.  Dessert was the last thing on my mind while they were still bringing me meat.  However the dessert (if you can make it) were spectacular.  We had the creme brule and the molten chocolate cake.  Both were fabulous.Overall, I'd come back here again and again and again.  It was wonderful
4	I went here recently with a medium sized group for a bachelor party dinner.  We arrived right at 6 pm for our reservations and were seated immediately.  We were given the rundown on how everything works, and then were unleashed.  My first stop was the salad.  I came in with a plan, go easy on the salad part to leave room for the good stuff (meat) and get some salad fixin's to at least make it seem like it is a somewhat balanced meal.  Overall, I have to say I was pretty disappointed with the salad bar.  The only things that I were really impressed with was the fresh cheeses (fresh mozzarella balls especially).  I guess the pesto salad dressing was nice but most of it was just average for me.  Finished the salad plate, and flipped the red/green card to go.  (Note:  I'm not sure how efficient this system was, there were times when I was green and the gaucho's passed me by, and times where I was red when they asked how I liked my cut).   All of the sudden it was a whirlwind of skewer toting gaucho's, asking if you'd like some of their meat (hmm...that sounds more like a description for a bachelorette party?).  I tried countless different cuts of meats, top sirloin, filet, chicken leg, lamb, etc.  My least favorites were the lamb (did not like the flavor, I usually really like lamb) and garlic meat (can't remember the cut offhand) which was a little overpowering with the garlic (and I like garlic).  The best were the filet mignon and the rib eye.  The other meats I had were also very good.  We were also served some cheesy bread rolls and a trio of sides, garlic mashed potatoes, fried polenta and fried plaintains.  I did not try the plantains, but the garlic mashed were uninspired at best (and opposite of the meat had little to no garlic flavor) but the polenta was fantastic.  I had at least three of those suckers.  Service was mostly good.  One problem with the meat service is that you get hit with 5-7 different meats in rapid succession, then you don't see another server for a bit.  Kind of feast of famine...  Also, we had one person order an after dinner coffee that wasn't deliver and an error on the check.  I additionally thought that the layout of the restaurant wasn't great, when it was crowded when we left it was pretty hard making it through all the tables when they were full and you had tons of employees running around.I liked it.  I would definitely go back to a brazilian style steakhouse again, though if I went to Fogo, I might go for lunch (starting Oct 1) and save about $20 bucks.
5	We were looking for a place to eat meat. Lots and lots of fantastic tasting meat. We found it. Ol' Wichita knows his meat when he sees it and this place is it. First off we started over to the salad bar, which I thought was going to be a diversion so I wouldn't eat so much meat. Everything was so fresh and tasty that I just didn't care. I did not go nuts over the salad bar but did help myself, as meat was what I was really after. Then you turn over the card so it is showing green. I guess it's a metaphor for the money you're about to spend. Anyway, that didn't matter. We were besieged by matadors carrying long scewers of meat. They cut off pieces to order and boy was it good. There must have been a dozen different people racing from table to table hacking and slicing their way through tons of the finest crafted meats I have ever tasted...beef, pork, lamb, and chicken. I liked the bottom sirloin, filet mignon (wrapped in bacon), house special (sirloin), and pork ribs. It was all really good, but when I say I enjoyed the above, it was just that those things were so beyond my expectations that I just had to mention them. These guys all went out of their way to make our dinner a dining extravaganzal? experience. It was at once delicious and entertaining. We-will-be-back!!!! Speaking of being back, check out ol' Wichita's webpage to hear some good old industrial strength classic country music. Wichitacountry dot com. I do it all alive and in real time with no help from anybody else. Thanks.
4	Pricey but good. It's like the meat-scapades. All the food is good, but I definitely prefer the filet mignon... some of the chicken and pork gets a bit dry. Fantastic salad bar. Wear stretchy pants. Dress stretchy pants.
5	I have eaten at the Fogo de Chao restaurants in Houston, TX and Scottsdale, AZ multiple times. Both were amazing. The food is excellent and the service is outstanding. It is well worth the $40 price even if you do not plan to stuff yourself since it is all you-can-eat. You are paying for the quality, not quantity. There is such a variety of different cuts of steak, as well as pork and chicken. All have their own unique flavor and all are extremely tasty. If you are not a huge meat eater, you can get just the salad bar for half the price. That is also worth the trip in my opinion since it contains many unusual options such as hearts of palm, fresh mozzarella balls, and sun dried tomatoes that are not found in your average salad bar. The side dishes served at the table are also very, very good if you like Latin food. Black beans, crisped polenta cakes, and steamed plantains. What more do you want?
4	Ok, so I am a big fan of this place because of the overall experience.  I am not a huge meat eater, and after eating here, I probably won't be able to eat a steak for a month or two.  Simply because I am not used to eating this much meat.Let me start with the salad bar- I would go there just for this!  Too many things to list, but,l trust me, you could fill up on it alone.  Many items  are non-standard to salad bars.  Ok, so then they brought out the side dishes.  I am a carb-a-holic and I could have died and gone to heaven right them.  Fried polenta squares, Sauteed bananas, cheese bread, mashed potatoes, etc.   Liked everything but the mashed potatoes. Then the meat started coming.  And kept coming.  I turned over my coaster to red pretty quickly, but my fellow diners were braver than I.  They kept eating and eating.  The meat all tasted good, but it all started to blend in my mind.  The only true standout for me was the lamb which was really, really yummy.  My mom, who is a genuine carnivore, asked if she could have a beef rib, not the meat on it which is what they usually carve, but the actual rib.  They gave it to her and she is still going on about how good it was.I can't believe it, but my table ordered dessert.  I am ashamed to say I cannot remember what it was!  But it was really good, even though I only had one bite.
4	Tending not to like overly meaty flavor, I often try to avoid Brazilian restaurants. For some reason, I end up at one roughly once a year. I have to say, this one was better than the others I've been to. the meat, in many instances, was far more tender than I am used to having. The linguica was much less greasy than I've had elsewhere as well. They also knew how to cook a chicken breast and didn't dry it out like all the rest. They also take requests if you want something you haven't seen come by recently.  Their salad bar was also quite good. They also make a very good caipirinha. If you happen to go and want to try it, just mention it as the Brazilian drink with the name you can't pronounce. They'll know. The service was also ridiculously efficient and nice. The only drawback is we kept sending the fried banana away and noticing this, someone else would bring over more banana. The mashed potato side was a nice idea, but the mash was really runny. The only real drawback is the price is really steep. At least it won't feel like a waste, however.
4	Come with an appetite!I went for a work event which was real nice. We had the private dining room and the whole 9 yards.All I can say is if you're not a fan of red meat or have a cholesterol problem don't bother. The ambiance is not as format as I assumed it to be due to the location and hype. Although, the meat and presentation is great. Anything you want sent right to your table and cooked however you would like. Just don't leave your card on the green for too long otherwise you will have more meat than you can handle.On the other hand, the specialty drinks are good. I don't recall the name of it but they served a traditional Brazilian drink that was wonderful. Not as strong for my liking but good. The salad bar was great too. Everything was fresh and there sure was a lot to choose from. Probably the best I have seen in a while.
5	I find it hard to believe that the Simpson's have not parodied the Brazilian Steakhouse, yet.  Seems like it would be Homer's fantasy come true.  Came here with a couple of friends who were taking me to lunch for my birthday.  This was my first time eating here, and I always read in the reviews of other places that this is the place that all of the other Brazilian steakhouses in Phoenix are compared to.  This place is top dog for a reason.The restaurant itself is very nice with white linen, rich wood paneling, and a spacious dining room.  What can you say?  If you are a vegetarian, the salad bar is really incredible.  Figuring we would cushion the blow, we started at the salad bar.  I ended up making a plate for myself resembling an antipasto platter.  It was excellent.  There were cheeses, and prosciutto, marinated asparagus an inch think, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, and things I did not identify, but were tasty anyway.Once we were done dabbling in the vegetables, cheeses, and prosciutto of the salad bar it was time to get down to business; it was time for meat.  Each person has a coaster-like card that is red on one side and green on the other.  We flipped our coasters to green, and immediately we were overwhelmed by an onslaught of meat.  Like Homer would do, I just indiscriminately tried everything.  Don't ask me what I had, because I was too busy talking to my friends, drinking caipirinhas, and eating meat.  There was also polenta, fried banana, black beans, and bread.  Everything was tasty and delicious.  I ate way too much.I glanced at the dessert menu, but was just too full to even seriously consider it. The service is outstanding.  The wait staff was falling all over us serving meat, filling drinks, and bringing more bread, bananas, and polenta.  We never were without anything.If you are interested in a Brazilian steakhouse in the Phoenix area, this is the place to go.
4	I really enjoyed this place and places like it.I wont go over the concept as its covered in so many other reviews. I'll do a quick Pro/Con then clue you in on some things you can ask for that you won't get unless you know to ask.Pro:Great place to celebrate. Its has a very nice atmosphere about it. I've been several times and its not the type of place someone is going to go and cause a ruckus.You will not leave hungry!The service is incredible! You feel 100% pampered at this place. You drink is always full. You will constantly have a new plate. They also constantly swap out your tables side dishes for fresh hot ones.Con:They have very limited side dishes compared to their local competitor. This can be a good and bad thing. I guess really it should be about the meat but its also nice to have some variety and something to cut the fat of the endless meat your eating. This is really why they are getting a 4 verses a 4.5 or a 5 from me.The cheese bread they serve is a bit dry. Their competitors is much better. Then again I think its hit or miss because I do recall liking it on a previous trip.Things To Know:You *WANT* to try the beef rib. They do not come around with this you have to ask for it. It is very fatty but cooked so well and so long that instead of being really heavy it just melts. You will want more ;)They have sauces that you also have to ask for:chimichurrimint saucecreamed horseradish(not very hot)Really the meat is so good you wont need it. But if you find things getting overly heavy before your full these will help.They also have I believe two other side dishes they will not bring unless requested.Things I Love:Costela (Beef Ribs)Beef Ancho (Rib Eye)Frango (Chicken) The legs are the best.. the bacon wrapped is also good but just way to heavy/rich.Linguica (Sausage) With this be careful it is VERY fatty. Its the type of food that you *FEEL* the minute you eat it.Fried Bananas (one of the standard sides)Flan: I have no idea what they do to this. It was the creamiest I have ever tasted and by far the best. Its almost like it was whipped with a soft cheese but thats not the case. You wont regret trying some.. well at least not until you see the scale.
5	This is by far the best churasscaria I have ever tried. Brazilian bbq at its best! Everything is perfectly seasoned, but my personal favorite is the top sirloin. The sides that come with the meal are great too.. there is cheese bread, fried plantains, and these two other things..... very delicious.The salad bar has plenty to choose from, try a little bit of everything. Great selection. The service is ok/good, but occasionally we had to flag our waiter down. Reservations are highly recommended because this place gets packed. The night my boyfriend and I went, we saw two players from the Golden State Warriors, and we saw Muhammed Ali. Apparently famous people come in all the time.
5	Not only is this a magical meat adventure, now you can partake for a weekday lunch . . . incredible!! I have been several times now and the food is always delicious and the service is always fabulous! I always look for a reason to make the drive to Fogo!
2	We went to Fogo De Chao after hearing so many good things about it. I will tell you our good and bad. The good...1.) Excellent Service2.) My 5 year old was free and 10 year old was half off3.) Ok foodthe Bad..1.) Our server who we became friendly with must have gotten off somewhere around midpoint of our dinner and vanished forever. i understand they work as a team but it was strange.2.) The salad bar was ok but other than the mozerella balls and chicken salad nothing to sing about.3.) The meat all tasted the same. The gouchos are a little boderline rude even to a 5 year old who is clearly confused why there is 8 men stickings swords of meat in his face. Calm down a little please.4.) At almost $50 a person before drinks and dessert Ruth Chris is a MUCH BETTER OTION!5.) Even with the kids being pretty much free it was still $300 for 3 adults. We all had one soda and shared three desserts between the table.  We left there kind of puzzled like well we might go back for lunch maybe but I don't know.6.) I wanted to buy  a mozerella ball to take home to my nanny. I was willing to pay $15 or $20 for on little ball and they wouldn't sell it to me. Now come on people we just spent $300 on dinner throw me a bone. Overall Not the experience we were hoping for but not the worst place I have ever eaten.
4	I've had two experiences at Fogo.  One with a very large party and one with a party of four.  Both the service and food were consistent.  For anyone new to Fogo, it's a fixed price (about $45) for salad bar and all you can eat meat (beef, pork, chicken, lamb).  Start with salad bar (save room) and flip your little card to green when you're ready for meat.  A parade of servers will offer their wares, say yeah or neah and wait for the next.  Flip card to red when you don't need service.Salad bar is fantastic.  I can't resist the smoked salmon, mozzarella balls, and apple salad.  In fact, on my second trip, I loaded up so much from the salad bar, I skipped the meat entirely.  I'm also particularly fond of the polenta and bread (which is more like a popover).  Based on my first experience, some of the meat offerings are better than others.  But since you can have as much or as little of anything as you would like, try everything.  I can also recommend the papaya cream for dessert.  Don't worry you won't have room.  It's light enough that you can make room.As far as service, it is excellent.  As soon as you flip that card to green, servers are there.  The only complaint on both visits is that they do ask if they can bring you a particular cut of meat, and then they don't follow through anyway.  It's not like you'll go hungry, but it can be a little annoying.
5	On Valentine's Day went to Fogo De Chao for the first time. This was also my first Brazilian steakhouse experience. I am going back next month for more! It was very busy the night we went but we had reservations which I would suggest. We had great service from the team styled staff. The salad bar was good but I filled up on all the meat! I also loved the sides of mashed potatoes, fried bananas. My favorite meats were the Lombo (pork loin encrusted in parmesan) and the filet mignon.
4	Back again for a business dinner last night. As usual the service was great.. the food was great..I was able to try some of the request only side dishes this time.farofa:A type of seasoned toasted flour. I believe their version was yucca flour. Think of this as seasoned bread crumbs. It was good on the various side dishes and some of the salad bar offerings.Rice:Almost a pilaf style rice with very heavy chicken stock/butter flavor.Black Beans:Delicious! Very creamy and filled with some type of smoked pork. Probably ham hocks. Wish I had some more right now.Grilled Onions/Jalapenos:Can't remember what this was called. I had no idea this one existed but our server asked if I wanted to try it after requesting the other off menu side dishes.11 of us had a whopping bill of $860 YOUCH! Glad I wasn't picking up that tab.On a side note I was people watching while taking a meat break and who did I notice two tables down? The valleys very own Aaron May. This is where I was self labeled as a true foodie. I was very excited about this and everyone else at the table was just blankly staring at me.
3	I've been to Fogo many times in Phoenix and most of the time our experience has been really great. The food is amazing and the service is also nice. Don't forget to try the desert wine cart where you can get one of the best deals on sauternes in the Valley.  My only complaint comes from our experience on Valentine's Day where we did indeed have reservations and they were running more than 2 hours behind. Overall, i'd say a great bet for a meal in Phoenix - and certainly your best bet for any annoying friends that are still playing the Atkins diet card.
5	My first impression of this place was good, you open that huge door and walk into the place and it just feels like quality. It's high end and well styled. I had a few drinks in the bar with colleagues. The bar was small but nice. Service was very good. We then went back to a private room with two huge wooden sliding doors. This room was rectangular and very classy. We were given the low down on how the place works. Go and hit the salad bar first, be conservative and then come back to your table for an all out meat on a sword fest. The salad bar was good. Everything was super fresh and high quality. So was the unlimited meat. It was all tasty. Salty from the seasonings and cooking preparation, but delicious. The house special sirloin is not to be missed, along with the filet and the leg of lamb. The sausages are forgettable, the bacon wrapped filet is so so. 90% of what I ate was delicious and I could have as much of it as I wanted. The other 10% was fair and I could stop after one bite and move on without feeling like I made a mistake.
4	This sort of place (churrascarias) actually used to be one of my favorite kinds of restaurants to enjoy. That is until I became a vegetarian about a year and a half ago... Now, as you might imagine, I don't tend to go as often. But when family comes to town to visit, I let them pick the food destinations...So now you're probably wondering what a vegetarian could possibly eat in the midst of this parade of meat. Well, the nice thing about Fogo de Chao for me is their killer salad bar, sides and desserts... Starting a wide array of veggies at the salad bar from the hearty asparagus spears and artichoke heart cups to the selection of cheeses and crafted salads and adding on to that the fried polenta sprinkled with Parmesan, cheesy mashed potatoes and fried banana sides, I definitely wasn't going to go home hungry at the end of the night.But the food didn't stop there for us just yet... We ended up choosing the Signature Papaya Cream and Flan desserts for the three of us to share. First, the flan...  It was very good. Rich and unusually denser that the typical flan, it had a very flavorful caramel taste. Although, if you've just stuffed yourself on a bunch of meat (or in my case veggies), it may be a bit much. The real dessert star was the Papaya Cream though. Light,  yet extremely flavorful with the added bonus of the natural digestif qualities of papaya, it was the perfect sweet ending to our meal.
4	My boyfriend has been wanting to go to Fogo de Chao forever. I told him that I'd be willing to have a carniverous frenzy on Saturday and he was thrilled. I've been to a Brazilian Steakhouse once before in NYC... at that time in my life I didn't really like meat... that experience turned me around. I knew generally the rules to follow: don't eat TOO much at the salad bar, order a caprihina, and sample a wide variety of meats. 1. The salad bar was awesome! Pretty much everything I got I liked. I filled one plate full (enough for a normal dinner for me) and resisted going back.  2. We ordered caprihina's - the best I've ever had! I was hesitant because I've never really liked them much before, but ordered it for the full "experience". It was strong but very good! We also had a glass of Malbec, excellent glass of wine. 3. I'm a picky, picky meat eater, so I didn't like everything I was served, but that's to be expected from me. My favorites were the house cut, the filet, and the top sirloin. YUM!4. The service was phenomenal... I'm not quite sure how they managed to stay so on top of everything, but they do a great job. Sometimes it was almost a bit much, like when my boyfriend took a spoonful of mashed potatoes from the dish and they whooshed in to replace it. There was still half a dish left! I don't like to be wasteful with my food. I think the best part of Fogo de Chao is the first visit. It's so fun to sample everything. I'll definitely go back, though it might be awhile since it's such an indulgence.
5	This is meat nirvana, and the best Brazilian-style steakhouse I have visited.I started with a Brazilian beer in the bar, then met up with several friends for dinner here on Saturday night. We all had a great time trying the 15 different cuts of meat, the unusual salad bar, and the sides of potatoes and plantains (which are all included for under $50). My personal favourites were the filet, ribeye, and the "house beef".
5	Ok, what to say that everyone else hasn't already said...Found this place by accident.  I've been to many, many Brazilian steak houses and they all have one thing in common -- they are slow.  Every few minutes someone comes by with something new, which is cool, but you get full pretty quickly and then you're done.  Not here.  Here you get an avalanche of perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned meat.  Honestly, the salad bar is epic, but why waste the stomach space?  Go for the meat.  You will not be sorry.  I'm going there again tomorrow night for my anniversary and I can't wait.  Neither can she :)
5	A carnivores wettest dream!!!
5	My first experience with Fogo de Chao was several years ago at the location in Chicago but I was thrilled when one opened in Scottsdale (much closer to where I live).If you love meat, this is the place for you.  I enjoy almost every cut of meat  and a few times I've ventured around the salad bar (it's beautiful, but as we know it's about the mean).   I've also sampled the various starches on the table (bananas, polenta) and I love them, but again it's really about the delicious cuts of meat coming around every time your card is on green.If you go, go hungry and clear the rest of your schedule.  Even if you don't stay too long, you'll be in a lovely meat-induced sleepy state for the rest of the evening.It is a bit on the expensive side, but when you think about what you get, both quality, quantity and selection it's really worth it.
5	At Fogo de Chao you will get excellent meat, excellent salad options, and even some tasty side dishes if you so desire.  The wait service is prompt and excellent.  It is not every day that one needs to fill up on several pounds of succulent meat, but when you do, Fogo de Chao is the place to go.
5	yes, carnivores galore. sometimes compromising the lives of tasty animals is necessary.here i consumed and exceeded my recommended caloric intake, and felt robust thanks be to incredible meat feast. fried, crispy polenta paired well with the succulent meats carved to your liking-- how do you like yours? in my case, medium rare please, or perhaps something that is still pumping blood onto the plate, delightful! fat marbling where it should be, juices trickling out of meat fibers, and the most enjoyable sensation of meat disintegrating in your mouth. YEAH, pretty great. everything receives a thumbs up, with the minor exception of birthday cake surprise dessert, which was...forgettable. anyway...iron deficiency? no more! i was quite the satiated and proud meat-eater, despite that afterwards the animals took the rest of the week to become completely digested and absorbed.
4	Took my hubby this weekend for his B-day...he LOVED it! Def have great service and TONS of food so come hungry! We had a light breakfast and didn't eat for the rest of the day in preperation. I like that even though they bring it around for everyone I was still able to get my steak Medium, rare. THe filet and the p-something (half moon shaped) are by far the best. The salad bar was very interesting with everything from fresh mozzerealla to asparagus. My husband could barely breath due to overeating but def worth while for a special occasion and like I said the servce was amazing
5	For meat lovers only!
5	Went with my wife.So I couldn't be all that I could be.  But this was a great place, I can't wait to go back.
5	As primarily a pescatarian this was an adventure way off the normal path. I was intrigued with the concept of the Brazilian steakhouse and the 'gaucho' way of creating a meal, so off we went. Looking to take it the full experience of what it was about and leaving the consequences of creating a massive slug of meat in my system for later.The dining experience does not offer a menu of choices, instead what you have is a fixed dining experience. First is the salad buffet which is really quite fabulous. Everything I had was very fresh and quite tasty. Hearts of palm, artichoke bottoms, massive asparagus that is surprisingly crisp yet completely free of stringiness, and much more. It may have only been the starter yet it could have easily been the meal in itself -- not because of it being a bottomless buffet but rather because I found the quality and range of taste that good.When you finish your salad a waiter quickly comes by to swap out your dirty plate for a clean one and then it is up to you to turn your service chip from red to green. Upon doing so what could be described as a swarm of waiters with various cuts of meat start stopping at your table to allow you to select different wellness pieces of their offerings. Everything is carried about on swords where either the pieces of meat are deskewered (in the case of something like the sausages or pork chops) or sliced into your personal tongs.The problem I have here is separating all of the styles that came so fast to understand what I liked the best. There were a few that did indeed stand out but if you are coming for a visit there is no reason not to try all that is offered to find your on personal favorites. And there is also not a problem turning something away if you want to skip it (like I did with the chicken offerings that came around) or requesting something that did not seem to be making it to your table on its own (like what happened to us with the pork ribs). There are also sides of warm cheese bread, polenta, garlic mashed potatoes (that are incredibly light), and caramelized bananas on the table that they do a great job of keeping refreshed -- though I had a hard time even remembering they were there as I focused in on tasting the meat!Of course I ended up eating way too much and for a someone who does not eat meat, but maybe once or twice a year, I would say I really enjoyed the experience. I was glad someone else ordered the molten chocolate cake dessert at the table so I could have a taste to top the night off!
5	Welcome to the festival de meat! J and I went to Fogo for the first time to celebrate our anniversary back in April. I called the day prior to see if we could do reservations and how much time we would need to enjoy the experience that is Fogo. The woman I spoke with was very courteous, informative, and asked if we were celebrating anything special. I told her it was our anniversary and had to be at the theater in downtown phoenix at 7:30pm.  She stated that about an hour and a half would be a sufficient amount of time.  So, we set our reservations for 5:30pm. We arrive a little prior to 5:30 and were quickly escorted to our table in the back of the house (they said so we could enjoy our dining experience as it is nosier in the front the later it gets). I noticed that we were probably overdressed, (J in a suit and myself in a cocktail dress. We saw patrons in shorts/jeans/tennis shoes) but we did not care. We were seated and instructed on how the dining experience works (and to stick mostly with the meat and skip the salad bar all together if we wanted) with the red/green card. No sooner than getting back to the table from the salad bar, we're approached by a gaucho chef to start table-side service. Our cards were still red! We said as soon as we're ready, we'll flip the cards over. Green = GO team FOGO! No sooner than turning the card over, gauchos were coming at us from all directions! It felt like we were under a siege of meat! I think that all the waitstaff works together, and no one has a designated section. We had at least 3 different people come and refill our drinks at the blink of an eye (the glasses weren't even close to being half empty most of the time). Though, I was in a meat coma and could not eat another bite, our dinner ended with a complementary dessert.  J got to enjoy the Flan almost all to himself.  :)Our bill came to exactly $100.00 before tip.  That included 1 drink for J and an ice tea for myself.  The entire staff, from manager down to the hostess, made us feel welcomed for our first Fogo de Chao experience. The food, service and ambiance were very enjoyable. We look forward to experiencing Fogo again soon!!
4	Imagine your a hungry lion, locked in a shopping mall full of people. They are athletic, unarmed, and some of them have been good enough to coat themselves in A1 or barbecue sauce. Welcome to the Fogo de Chao experience.Meat orgy! It's absolutely magnificent, take over half a dozen different piping hot well prepared varieties of meat including top sirloin, bottom sirloin, Filet Mignon, pork loin, beef ribs, pork ribs, and lamb stuffed onto skewers that could double as props for a film about Roman gladiators. Hand said savory redolent skewers to an assorted band of servers that seem to dance in and out of crowded tables full of people with amazing ease all at the beck and call of a little piece of paper. It's fantastic! They have wonderful sides as well including caramelized bananas, polenta, and garlic mashed potatoes. There is also a salad bar, and I think it was nice but quite honestly wasn't the analogy about the damn lion the point here?Happy hunting.
5	Great food at this overload of a restaurant.  You definitely need to come here a couple of times before you get the hang of things.  The salad bar is great and all the meat was perfectly cooked.  Since it was my first time here and I was so enamored with all of the beautiful cuts running around, I didn't slow down, and relax as much as I should have.   On the other hand, Manny Ramirez of the LA Dodgers was sitting at the table directly next to us so that was pretty cool.  The bacon wrapped fillet was the best bite I had all night.  I kept taking more every time that particular Gaucho came around.  The staff here is excellent accomadating my request for rice at no charge.  They also have a beautiful chimichurri sauce that you can ask for as well.  My only gripe of the meal, and I do mean only, was the fact that they charged me $18 for a glass of lemoncello at the end of the meal.  That is ridiculous, especially if my father in laws Grand Marnier was only $6.50.  The lemoncello was a $28 bottle, so I can't comprehend where they got the nerve to charge so much.  Other than that, Saud, Fogo de Chao! Wonderful job on your fabulously different take on the classic steak house.
4	Oh boy! talk about some quality "meat" dining experience. I went on a Sunday night, my friend and i are huge meat eaters, so we were ready to devour the place. The staff were really friendly and immediately seated us and told us "remember try to pace yourself", come on!? really!? i have conquered steaks after steaks who do u think you are talking to!? ( so i thought), let me just say that if you are not ready, keep your little coaster on the red side, because all the tender goodness are practically flying to your table, if you don't pace urself, you are gonna get dominated by the juicy goodness plates after plate. I personally enjoyed every rack of meat they brought in front of us, the chicken was so so, but ..well it's chicken. I was pretty impressed by their salad bar, the produce were fresh and delicious, if i want ready to eat an entire cow, i can definitely hangout at their salad bar all day. Over all it was a very fulfilling and pleasant experience.
4	I love Brazilian barbeque and this place did not disappoint. I've only been to one that I would consider better than this and the rest that I've been to were no where close to this. The quality of all of the different types of meat were amazing. The salad bar was also great. It's not a cheap meal, nor is it expensive in my opinion because of the quality of the meal. Definitely worth the money!
4	If you are reading this today is your lucky day! Truly. I am an on again off again food snob. Maybe reformed. But no. Fifth time there, time to review. I'ts a simple format. Eat Meat! The dinig room at night is like a dance floor of waiters holding there meatsticks and offering it up to our hungry mouths. Ok, that looks like a porn intro.... but it's true. So for now call me Brandon St. Randy cause I want the meat they got. First off skip the salad bar please. This is a place to get your protein, nothing else. The slad bar has all kinds of frou frou hearts of palm, and aged romano. Sissy shit. Here at Fogo it's meat only. The house specialty here is the "picahna" and it is so good. It's like the best part of bacon fat on top of juicy sirloin. Make sure you get good slices wth a good amount of fat cap. Skip the chicken legs.....boring. All other cuts of meat are delicious. Do not pass on the Brazilian Limeonade!!! DO NOT! It is bottomless and so damn tasty, just needs a good rum in it.  Inexpensive for what you get. Make sure to turn your service card to OFF or there will be a dancing meat stick waiter on one of your elbow's. They offer excellent sides. Caramlized Bananas, Grilled Polenta and you can ask your waiter for spicy dipping sauce, it is not on the menu or offered you need to ask. The varietes of meat include Top and Bottom Sirloin, Tenderloin, Pork and Beef Ribs, Chicken Drums, Lamb Chops and Chicken wrapped in Bacon. For me, it's only the Red's....Meat that is!
4	I usually love buffet.I usually not eat lots of meat.It is kind like a weird combo but when I finished my dinner at Fogo de Chao, I am satisfied - Meat and Buffet.I grow up with breakfast buffet every times we went on our summer vacation. This made me LOVE buffet style; however, Fogo de Chao did not have the great buffet but it is enough to response my need.Even though I came for lamp but their beef are the best. Different kinds of them fulfilled my craving for red meat. Also caramelized banana and desert (soft cake that soaked with condense milk) helped ease my sweet tooth.Now I tried to think which occasion I should go back their again.
4	Meat, meat, meat, meat, meat! Did I mention meat? This place is a meat lover's paradise! However, I am not a huge meat person, but my bf is... so I knew that I had to take him here. He absolutely loved it. They bring the meat by the table on huge skewers and side it right onto your plate - the ultimate meat indulgence! My only complaint was that all of the things I really wanted to try like the filet minion for example, barely came by our table. While other types of meat like the top sirloin and bottom sirloin were constantly being offered to us. I felt like I was just waiting and waiting to try certain menu items! Fogo needs to work on varying up the choices that pass by the tables. Other than that, no complaints. The buffet was awesome, drinks were superb and when the filet minion finally arrived at our table it was perfectly seasoned, juicy and tender... yum!!
5	I suggested we go here for my boss' surprise birthday for lunch! The place was not packed during lunch on a Friday. The place was beautiful! The staff was super friendly. First thing I had was their Cheese Bread and I MUST admit, it was the best that I have ever had. The cold/salad section was wonderful! I couldn't believe the huge Parmesan cheese they had...OMG! I love the idea of just sitting down and having the food come to me. Once you turn your sign to GREEN...the meat just came out one after the other and it was WONDERFUL! Every person at our table (group of 5) took a bite of meat and all you could hear, one by one, was MMMMMMMMMM!!! I caught myself MMMMMM then I heard the next person say it too then I just started noticing that we were all MMMMMMing. LoL! I told one of the staff that it was my boss' birthday and they give a FREE DESSERT of your choice. Would I come back here again: Most DEFINITELY!
4	Great Salad Bar, and never mind the nonsense about not eating from it to save room for the meat... Fogo's salad bar is a 9 out 10.
4	We've had something similar at a "Mongolian" bbq joint down in Florida and it wasn't all that great.  So the wife I don't think had high expectations.  I was looking forward to this meaty delight as I'd heard good things.  Arizona Restaurant week provided a good opportunity to get out and sample this fine establishment.As it turns out...this is what I was seeking.  The service by the staff that puts the food in front of you was great.  As we grabbed a table at the bar waiting for our buzzer to buzz in less than a minute we had a basket of cheese stuffed bread in front of us.  It was good.The salad bar was good also.  Tried to go light on that to save room for the delightful meet onslaught that was to occur in the near future.  Notables were the potato, chicken, and apple salads.  All very good.  Now...flip the card over from red to green..and the staff that are running around every few minutes with different cuts of meats will drop by your table and ask you if you want some of what they're carrying.  It's an awesome site...seeing multiple filets skewered and getting hunks sliced off from whichever ones are cooked to your preference.  ...and let us not forget about the bacon wrapped fillet pieces also.  Some of the most flavorful things you will ever taste.  My wife isn't as much of a steak person as I am and she loved them.  The bacon-wrapped chicken was very good also.  The lamb also, very tasty.  The dessert was good also.  Wife had what was a pretty good piece of cheesecake if I recall correctly.  My key lime pie was also pretty good (not the best key lime I've had...but pretty good).The "bad":  This could've been 5 stars.  There were 2 things that kept it from being so (one that bugged me more than my wife, and the other that really irked her and bugged me a little too).1.  The AZ Restaurant week ad for this says "During restaurant week guests will also choose from a selection of 12 decadent desserts." for the 3rd course.  We were given a choice of 3.  Cheesecake, Key LIme Pie, or a Chocolate cake.  I'm always irritated by false advertising.  2. The service was spectacular by all of the chefs.  It was great in general, until it was time for the bill.  We were beginning to wonder if they wanted us to eat for free.  We were waiting for over 15 minutes since they cleared our table for the bill.  At least 10-15 after someone had told us they would check on our bill.  So Fogo...you almost had 5 stars.  I cannot complain about the food though and the service in getting it to our table.  That part of it was great.
5	AWESOME SERVICE!If it weren't for the awesome service, I woulda given this place 4 stars.But man o man, the servers were always accessible without being overbearing.  Loved it.I also loved the salad bar, and the side dishes.  The meat was awesome too, but I'm just not into meat like that.  Next time I return, I'm salad barring it all the way.
4	love coming here, but need to remind myself to come extra hungry!  the salad bar is awesome and the meat is to die for...a little spendy but definitely worth it if your out on the town.  the atmosphere is great for dinner conversation but lively enough it isn't stuffy.  Can't wait for the next night of feasting ;)
3	I went to Fogo de Chao last week during AZ Restaurant week with a couple of friends. Unfortunately, this place didn't really rise much past mediocre (read on)Fogo de Chao is a typical, although nicely done-up Brazilian steakhouse establishment. The building is grand and colored in nice deep earth tones. It was a Saturday so it was packed, but nonetheless, we had reservations and were seated quickly once the whole party arrived. Brazilian steakhouses aren't really my thing, but I've striven to be impartial on this review. First, the salad bar. There is a nice selection of things here including fresh vegetables, prosciutto and a giant parmesan that people hack into. So, on to the first two major demerits:  There was smoked salmon on offer, but the particular slab on offer here was frozen. At these prices ($19.50 just for the privilege to graze the salad bar, but comes with the normally $46.50 free-for-all per person price), this is a screw-up that is not even close to being acceptable for a simple salad bar setup, and of course the price compounds the level of disappointed that I reach. I know that Americans are into big, but the parmesan was puzzling given that this is a block of cheese that is either shaven or grated, or enjoyed in deliciously rich chunks. It was impossible to get a nice shaving out of this thing as there were no decent implements to get into the parmesan well. Second, the meat service. There was a nice meat selection, and overall the meats were of good quality and quite tasty. However, I did notice that the cheaper cuts of meat were much more plentiful and forthcoming. Our table actually had to actively ask for them to send over the lamb, pork tenderloin, and beef ribs. We were also told that some of the cuts were unavailable. The complimentary sides were delicious. The cheese bread, polenta and bananas were lovely. Dessert was just uninspiring, boring, pre-fabricated crap. It was free so I can't complain too much, but in normal circumstances they're probably charging in the high $9 to mid $10 range for a thin, crappy piece of what I think is anything but homemade cheesecake with an uninspiring combination of HFCS, sugar, red food coloring, and a couple of strawberry seeds that was the sauce. My friend had the chocolate mousse cake which was equally uninspiring and crappy. I'm not expecting a superstar dessert, but at least make an honest attempt at quality. The booze is WAY overpriced. $12.25 for a "Premium Caipirinha" ... are you kidding? And, to boot, one of the things that pisses me off to no end (and results in major loss of critique points) at high end restaurants ... BILL ERRORS. We had a total of two cocktails and were billed for four. Simply, unacceptable. We weren't even brought a revised check before we handed over our credit cards for payment, and what's worse, not even an apology from the server regarding this $25 whoops on the bill. The only saving grace of that incident is that we were charged correctly in the end.So, Overall:  C to C+               Fogo de Chao has a lot of potential to be a great Churrascaria               as it bills itself to be. On this particular occasion it didn't really               rise much past mediocre given some borderline egregious                failures in service and food quality. Some plus points for               great interior design though. Food:     B-      (Big plus points for great meat. Minus points for the                          piss poor attempt [if I can call it that] at dessert, and                          frozen smoked salmon on the salad bar) Booze:  C-      ($12.25 for a Caipirinha? Give me a break!)Service: C     (Service was overall good. Near failure in service for                       the bill error. The only saving grace was their                       responsiveness when we asked for something specific)
4	Always enjoyed Fogo, since going to one in LA.  This one is a bit less, as they do not have the same selections -desert, wine, salad bar -- as the LA location.  Went to the LA location about 14 times.Otherwise, meat and service are quite good, and a very nice experience.  I have been to this one twice now, and sometimes the servers are better than others.  Also, sometimes the pacing can be a bit weird -- too many at once, vs the normal one at a time.
5	This place is amazing! If you live gourmet and love meats this is the place to be. They have waiters who come around and serve you different types of meats from pork, chicken, filet mignon...its all u can eat! Including sides and salad bar. They also have this desert you can eat that breaks down the meats. Awesome place and totally worth it! Just be sure to come hungry!
2	Underwhelming and over-priced.  Mrs. Wanderer became a fan of churrasco, Brazilian barbecue after eating at the outstanding Via Brasil in Vegas last year so we popped in Fogo de Chao to see how they compared.  Answer: not favorably.The best thing about this place is the physical appearance of the restaurant but it's all downhill from there. Two star food, one star service and a four star price.  The salad bar was just okay but really nothing to get excited about. We were much more interested in the meat courses than messing around so after a perfunctory pass at the antipasti we had the waiter clear our plates and waited for the meat to begin.And waited. And waited some more.  Waiter after waiter walked by us, huge spear of meat in hand, head down, studiously ignoring us.  We finally managed to flag one down by literally, yelling.  We didn't know what else to do since we'd been waiting at least ten minutes for somebody to serve us and we were hungry.We finally got some meat and it was fine but then the same thing happened on the next course.  For the next hour we played this game where the waiters would walk by us doing their best to avoid eye contact and we'd try to intercept them.  It's very hard to avoid concluding that they are really not that keen on giving you meat here which kind of negates the point of being a churrascaria. The three sides were all mediocre and unmemorable: soggy microwaved bananas, mashed potatos and fried polenta wedges.  For this kind of money, I'd much rather eat at Ruth's Chris or Morton's.
5	Seriously? Hands down, THE BEST STEAK PLACE EVER!  They have every type of steak a meat lover could want. They also offer chicken and pork, ribs... etc. Their salad bar is decent but don't waste your time. It'll fill you quick, and in my experiences there, wait out for the meat. Its a nice place too, so dress up. It ruins the experience of the ambiance. Its a quick eat, we got in and out of there under an hour. I was very impressed. You can start eating as soon as you sit down. And another plus.... you can eat all you want! It's a bit pricey, at like $50 a person starting off, but well worth it, for the experience alone. Its a perfect fun date place too. They have a nice bar area, too.
5	My husband and I recently celebrated our 14th Wedding Anniversary at this restuarant with several of our friends back in September. The food was fabulous! The ambience perfect! Nice bar area too! We went during restaurant week so it was super busy! Our waitress began to slack a bit and we had issues at the end of our meal, but the Manager on duty quickly resolved things for us! This Manager went above and beyond to make us happy and ensure that we would be repeat customers! We will! Thank you Fogo de Chao! We will be dinning there in 2 weeks! Our friends from CA will be joing us! We are looking forward to another wonderful dinner!Thank youPamela,
4	O.M.G. This place is AWESOME.  Initially one would say it's a carnivore's paradise, do NOT sleep on the salad bar.  Now I love me some cow and chicken just like the next person, but the salad bar is what it's all about for me.I've eaten there three times over the past four months, and the one word that comes to mind: Consistency.  Fogo de Chao not only delivers the same great food time after time, they have EXCELLENT customer service.Wanna know how good it is? My husband and I had a bit of a challenge transitioning our 6 month old son (now 8 months old) from the bottle onto other foods. On our first visit to Fogo de Chao, a relative offers up "give him a lamb bone"... so we do, and he LOVED it.  In fact, my husband had to fight the kid to get it back out of his hand (true story!).If you are looking for a way to sample several cuts of meat while being fulfilled by an incredible salad bar, Fogo de Chao just might be the place for you.  Oh, and the desserts are amazing.My ONLY gripe about this place is that they don't offer bottomless fountain drinks for the non-alcoholics like myself.  If you like Coke, Sprite, diet, etc, be prepared to pay $2.50 a pop (no pun intended) every time they bring one of those little 6oz bottles out to your table.  I guess they figure if you can pay big bucks for the dinner, what's a few more bucks for a soft drink?My recommendation: come HUNGRY, or you will waste your hard-earned money.
5	Meatgasm.  Meat.  Meat.  Meat.  Why thank you, Brazil!  This is a man's paradise.  Beautifully cooked and seasoned meat and all you can eat.  The first dude to flip his card to red is a sissy.Don't make plans after you eat here. You'll be so full are you likely to pass out in the parking lot.  Brilliant!My favorites include the filet mignon with bacon and the ribeye.  The mashed potatoes and plantains are also great!  The salad bar is nice too, but skip it and eat all the meat you can possibly fit in your belly.The first time we came here some doofus refilled my Mai Tai with iced tea.  Before I could let my complaint roll off my tongue, there was a manager there to correct the problem.
4	This place is awesome.  Best meat I had in long time.  I went in during lunch time and price was reasonable for all you can eat quality meat.  I would give this place 5 star but can't afford to go here for dinner.  Awesome dining experience.
4	Holy meat in your mouth Bat Man! Where else but a Brazilian style buffet can you have an orchestrated meat orgasm. Brought to you all at the flip of what should never be confused as a drink coaster. With the flip of the red/green"coaster" we were immediately assaulted by six meat wielding servers. Everything from fillet, to lamb, to the most incredible chicken wrapped in bacon. Yes my friends bacon! This place is the closest I have come to man vs food.Not to be forgotten is the salad bar. The salad bar is a vegetarian delight in a carnivores lair. Decidant cheeses, fresh vegetables, pastas, and starchy concoctions to satisfy your inner vegan.The service was outstanding, even with the $50 a plate cost. I have several meat-a-terian friends I will be sharing Fogo with. After two hours, a salad bar, and fifteen meats later we all left in what felt like the third trimester of a well deserved "Food Baby".
4	This is the mecca of meat lovers, my husband's "happy place", and the only place he will NEVER turn down even when he's beefed out!  With about 12 different meat options and a salad bar you better come hungry and take your time enjoying all the options before you fall quickly into a food trance. Sure its a bit pricey at $50 per person, but considering the quality of the meat is top notch and the huge all you can eat selection it's well worth it every once in a while! They have everything from filet mignon, to top and bottom sirloin, and my favorite, the lamb chops. Finger licking good! The salad bar is rather small compared to others I'm accustomed to, but the chicken and apple salad is memorable, as is the asparagus (which are BIG). Your meal is accompanied by mashed potatoes, plantains and polenta. These aren't anything to brag about, but who comes here to load up on carbs when you have all the meat to chose from. They also have a big wine room with a great selection.I love that this is a Brazilian churrascaria that aims to look and serve authentic. The servers actually dress in authentic gaucho attire and most actually speak Portuguese! Last churrascaria I went to had caucasian servers who didn't speak a word of Portuguese or Spanish. Big points to Fogo de Chao! Like Sarah M. mentioned, the servers are always accessible but not overbearing. They give you a small discs at the start of the meal - green lets servers know to bring on the meat and red lets them know to move onto the next table. So you can always enjoy your meal at your own pace without feeling overwhelmed.  I love it!
2	This was my first time eating at the Fogo de Chao in Scottsdale and it might be the last.  I have eaten at the Fogo de Chao in Dallas many times so I knew what to expect, amazing service and perfectly cooked and seasoned meat.  For the $30 you will spend on lunch, you should not expect anything less.As I walked in, I was not disappointed.  Everything was first class.  The salad bar was just as you would expect in a five star steakhouse.  I learned from previous visits not to waste too much time at the salad bar.  I came for the meat, cooked Brazilian style, and I was hungry.As soon as I sat down, I flipped my card to "green", which signals that I was ready for meat.  "Red" means stop bringing meat.  I didn't really care what came to me first; I knew it would all be delicious.  As luck would have it, the first "gaucho", Portuguese for cowboy, to come by had one of my favorites; top sirloin.  My mouth was watering as he sliced off two big pieces from the rotisserie skewer.  This is where the fantasy of what I was expecting ends and reality set in.  The meat was dry and rather bland.  What!  This had never happened to me at this restaurant before.  Of the dozens of times I had eaten in Dallas, the food was always perfect and top notch.  The Scottsdale Fogo de Chao was turning out to be a disappointment.I thought to myself that I simply had one bad cut of meat and it was bound to happen sooner or later.  I tried the filet mignon, the lamb, the chicken and the pork.  They were all dry and flavorless.  The only thing that made spending $30 on lunch worth it was the fabulous meat, yet what they were serving was not even as good at Texas Roadhouse.I'm sure that one day I will go back and give them another chance.  Every day that passes I convince myself that it wasn't as bad as it was.  As soon as my memory fades enough, I'll be back for at least one more try.  Besides, it is too much fun to drop a bread crumb on the table and watch the headwaiter scramble to come clean it up.
5	If you love meat, I cannot possibly fathom why you wouldn't love this place.  When you feel like being the big fatty you always knew you were, go here and indulge. There's nothing I can say that hasn't already been said, so just to confirm:-- The interior is beautiful and their wine selection is very impressive.-- The salad bar contains all that is good.  TRY not to spend too much time there, but I must confess that I loaded up on the cheese (parmigiano reggiano FTW) and smoked salmon.-- All of the side dishes (which are also endless) are winners.-- The meats are all very very good, but some are more impressive than others.  Their Alcatra is amazing, especially if you get an outer, crispy slice.  It's basically beef bacon.  Also, their lamb is superb -- seasoned just enough to expose the flavor of the meat.  Their chicken unfortunately falls short compared to everything else.-- Go for lunch.  It's the exact same experience for ~$15 less per person.  It's a bit pricey, (~$30 lunch, ~$45 dinner) but it costs about as much as the high end buffets in Las Vegas or a high end steakhouse, and it arguably surpasses the former in quality while easily beating the latter in quantity.  Bottom-line:Save up on both your cash and your calorie intake and then indulge like the glutton you are.
5	Vegetarians, stay home.This place is a meat lover's paradise. I don't think I've ever eaten so much meat in my entire life.But before the meat service begins, you start your meal over at the gourmet salad bar, which was not why I was there. After picking up a couple olives and leaves of lettuce, and a slice or two of onion, I felt good about having a nice balanced meal.Back at the table, it's time for the real food to begin. The servers come by immediately, bringing a dozen different kinds of meat, filling up your plate as many times as you can handle. Lots of beef, like top and bottom sirloin, filet mignon, ribs, and ribeye, plus lamb chops, leg of lamb, pork ribs, parmesan-encrusted pork loin, chicken with or without being wrapped in bacon (like I'd eat chicken that's not wrapped in bacon), and sausage. Every meat was delicious, tender and juicy, full of amazing Brazilian flavors.Also included with the meal were various side dishes, like a pretty good cheese bread, mashed potatoes, and carmelized bananas - but I was here to eat meat, so I didn't have a lot of those.In the end, I don't know how much I ate - I'd guess each portion to be around 2-3 ounces, and I probably had at least 20 portions (everything at least once, several things twice), so probably around 3 pounds of meat. With all the different flavors constantly coming, it always seemed fresh and new.At $62 (including soft drink, tax, and tip), it's a little more than I typically spend on a meal, but well worth it. This is definitely a place I'll be back to, maybe a few times a year. It will take that long to recover from my meat-induced coma anyway.
5	Really expensive but worth it.
5	Get ready to get meat drunk, then fall into a meat coma!! Although this is not a nationwide chain, this is what a chain restaurant can and should be, it's great. You begin with an immaculate salad bar. Definitely the best one I have ever seen or tasted for that matter. Hell you have to love a salad bar that has a whole wheel of Parmesan cheese for you to enjoy. Enough with the salad lets talk about the star of the show, the meat!! Transcendental might be too strong of a word, but it is pretty damn close. It is endless amounts of meat prepared 15 different ways, all seasoned perfectly. You have to love something that is seasoned so well that if adding salt or pepper to it at the table would over season it. This place is pretty much a buffet that comes to you and after trying several meats its great because you don't want to move, lol. And the best part is, is that you tell them when to come to you!! I could go on and on but if you have about 60 bucks to spend and want to enjoy a great meal just go here and leave in physical pain from over eating like I do!!
5	What's that you say? A VEGAN going to a Brazilian Steakhouse? How can this be? Two Words: SALAD BAR! Set in a Fine Dining Atmosphere Fogo De Chao offers a Pristine Salad Bar fit for a Vegan Queen. Choices like Brazilian Hearts of Palm, Whole Shitake Mushrooms, Jumbo Asparagus, Whole Artichoke Hearts, Sun Dried Tomatoes, Butter Lettuce and the list goes on and on. Some of the traditional side dishes are also vegan safe like the fried bananas and also the fried polenta with no cheese. Both are very delicious! Trust me you wont leave hungry. I've been twice now and would gladly dine here again anytime!P.S.  The staff was incredible, our service was flawless and, we were completely taken care of every second of our visit.
5	Best place for meat lovers. The steaks are so good. They also have several options for salads. I love their apple salad. It is a great combination to eat with steaks. They also have various options of wines and other drinks.And also It is a great place to go on a date (you can and should dress up to impress here) or It is also good just to eat casually with family and friends.
4	Another excellent Fogo de Chao experience, every bit as good as meals enjoyed in the the Austin and Chicago outposts.  I will say, though, that the Scottsdale edition might be the nicest looking restaurant of the Fogos I've seen.As usual, the Picanha (the signature cut) was outstanding.  However, what really caught my attention this time was the Fraldinha, or lower sirloin.  I do not recall this being so good in previous visits, but it was juicy, tender and intensely flavorful.  Of the two fillet mignon offered, the standard (non bacon wrapped) was the best.  Perfectly medium rare, with a beautifully buttery texture.  Sadly, the bacon wrapped version was too overdone.  Although sometimes it's nice to break up the beef parade with some chicken, I am always disappointed.  The lamb and pork ribs, however, are good alternatives.The salad bar is fresh and abundant, but don't fill up on too many items here.  What's always impressive to me is the huge wheel of authentic Parmesan Reggiano and it's hard not to carve off a few chunks of rich, salty cheese.  Side dishes are typical: mashed potatoes (which are light and airy), fried polenta squares and caramelized bananas.  The latter are particularly nice to give your taste buds a break from the meat onslaught, with the sweetness playing a nice counterpoint to rich and salty beef.As usual, I will need at least 6 months to recover from this experience.  But, I'll be back.  Just not sure what city it'll be in.
5	Never ever ever ever EVER come to this place when you're not starving. Seriously your stomach better be growling like a beast, your feet must be tapping on the ground anxiously, and you HAVE to be begging for meat-heaven when you come to this place.Only then will you be able to make your money's worth.That being said, this restaurant is very fancy and very expensive. But it's worth it for the meat and for the sheer satisfaction of it all. Each meat is cooked to perfection making sure each bite is flavorful and distinct- different from the other ones. My favorite would have to be the Special and the Chicken.. something.I never really caught the names of the meat since I was too busy drooling as the waitress brings them to my table. Sorry.Now, the salad bar must not be left behind either. The apple salad is just amazingly scrumptious and crunchy and the rest of the vegetables is fresh. Definitely stock up on the vegetables because it prevents you from getting sick off of meat-overload.I had the Brazilian Lemonade to drink and it was the best lemonade EVER. It was sweet, tangry, smooth, and juicy.
3	I've been going to Fogo since the day they opened their doors and seriously, their standards are slipping. The food is still phenomenal and the gouchos are still as delightful and polite as ever but something about the actual service staff that just stinks these days. The first few months were AMAZING after the grand opening. Servers from Brazil waiting on you hand and foot, never a cold side dish, crumb, or empty water glass on the table, and a swarm of gouchos descending upon the table with every flick of the "button". These days you'd be hard pressed to find a server present with a decent IQ - including the adorably bouncy young thing who compared the likeness of Cuban food to "Chuy's" and "Cajun" food on our last visit. Oy. And I wish the menu came with a color coded chart for the service staff, who are often dressed in three distinct outfits. I can't tell who is supposed to be our server, an expediter, or a busperson which makes it impossible to get refills, clean plates, more bread, or your check in a timely fashion anymore, which sucks because you never had to ask before - it all just magically happened and always with a warm smile. The more crowded the place gets, the more ignored you become and the less the servers smile. I remember the first few visits, they always asked if it was a special occasion and a manager brought a special dessert if it was and when I was leaving they always packed me a little box of the cheese bread (because I always go nuts for it over dinner). I went for my birthday two days ago and not only did they not ask about what the occasion was when booking the reservation or when seating us (as they had always done in the past) but when a waiter(?) overheard my husband wish me a "Happy Birthday" he turned and asked me "it's your birthday?" and when I said "yes" and he said "well happy birthday!" and promptly brought me the check. It was an awesome experience, not so much. I'd still go back but maybe not for dinner anymore and not at full price. I used to think the extra money was worth the fawning they did over their clientele but no more fawning means it's just another overpriced Scottsdale steakhouse that charges per tiny 10oz soda bottle. Delicious cuisine but the service needs a massive overhaul. Toss the local Scottsdale new hires and bring back the adorable Brazilian waiters please. And the tiny little red Tabasco peppers, we miss those.
5	New Years Eve at Fogo was great! This place is worth every penny! Its a bit expensive but its an event. You leave eating every animal on the farm (organic, sustainable) made to perfection.
4	They know how to do meats.I can't think of a single thing that wasn't great about this meal.The only negative I can possibly think of is that nagging feeling in the back of my mind that it is just . . . too. . . . much. Just too much of everything. The whole experience constitutes a sort of embarrassment of riches.But that's what celebrations are about, and thus this is a great place for a celebration.
5	This update is based SOLELY on the events that occured after posting my last review. After my birthday was basically ruined on my last visit to Fogo, the manager of the restaurant personally contacted me to apologize and offer to make it up to my family. Not only did he take the time to listen and apologize for the events of the night but offered to buy our dinner the next time we came in. I truly believe this is what is missing in America today. Since when did service oriented businesses stop emphasizing the importance of customer satisfaction and begin acting like our patronage was a privilege they were affording US? Although I have not returned for my do-over dinner, the manager's actions have ensured that it is a place I would definitely return to, over and over again!
3	Do you remember as I do, playing The Oregon Trail video game on your apple IIe in elementary school? The part I always loved(besides naming people cool names), was the hunting feature.  You would shoot a huge buffalo and could never carry back your entire compliment of meat.  Well, old school video games beware, Fogo De Chao has figured out a way to carry back the entire tomb of meat and place it right on your plate.No joke, I have never seen more protein in a confined space.  You have around fourteen  options of different meat and by the second round, the types really starts to blur together.  There is filet, strip, chicken, sausage, etc...  The theme, is that comes hot and in mass quantities.  At first look the price tag looks pretty reasonable, but do not expect a  couple to get out of here for below $130 with tip. Yep campers, its around fifty a person for this all you can eat meat extravaganza and "salad bar."  The salad bar is a collection of eclectic items that really do not seem at all like they belong on a salad bar.  That being said, it doesn't matter, because the meat coma you are entering does not allow for further eating, other than the meat.  Now that I have been here once, I imagine I will go back someday, but not in the near future, my stomach is going to need at least another month to digest it all.Good service, absolutely advertised as what you get for the meal, have to give Fogo a solid rating.
5	I'm not a big meat eater, but my god, if this was my last meal on earth, I'd die a happy (and uber stuffed) woman. My friend was visiting and she's from Argentina so this was kind of similar to the way the meats are prepared over there. We decided it would be wise to basically starve ourselves (with the exception of water) before our dinner at 7. We also decided to skip out on the salad bar and went straight to the meats to ensure that we could get maximal stuffage in our bellies. They also give you an unlimited ammount of yummy sides (mashed potatoes, sauteed bananas, polenta cakes and this awesome cheesy bread that was so moist and fluffy). Since there are over 15 choices of meats, I'll only name the ones I really liked and ones you might want to skip. Good meats: top sirloin, filet mignon, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, flank steak, sausage, and lamb chops (I am not a lamb fan, but boy was this good)Skips: chicken wrapped in bacon, lamb shank, and pork tenderloin (only because ours happened to be dry)The guy that seated us gave us helpful tips and pointed out this place is similar to other Brazilian buffets but with better looking servers. Agreed =)One of our servers told us the reigning champion is a 115lb woman who ate 12 lbs of meat on her birthday (with 2 plates of salad, and a plate of desserts). Gross. Steve Nash apparently can only eat 5-6lbs.
4	Meat coma.  Prepare for a meat coma.  Last night my husband and I celebrated our sixth wedding anniversary.  After much debate on where we were going to celebrate Fogo won our votes.  We've visited another similar style restaurant in Ahwatukee so we knew what we were in for - or did we?  Fogo last night was very happily a different experience from the last time we did a Brazilian steak house.  This was upscale and so much more busy.  We made reservations on line and while we were five minutes late - it wasn't even an issue.  For the record we had an incredible time and I guess the next few things are just minor but I think would have added another star.  My hubby is chatty and can strike up conversation with anyone.  But the staff was not so much into it.  They didn't engage his quick little one liners and didn't feel obliged to "listen" to anything.  The expeditors were a little more willing but not by much.  I was seriously starting to get nervous by how fast everyone moves @ the restaurant.  So fast in fact a collision happened right in front of us.  Plates went everywhere.  The hubby tried (for the record this was his third attempt) to engage a gaucho about how they cook the meat - this gentleman looked @ Josh and said "hmmm I dunno" - I got the feeling he didn't understand what was being asked of him.  He just knew to cut the meat off the skewer and continue on.  Perhaps that's what they have been advised to do.  Not sure.  It was just awkward.  Everything was good.  The cherry peppers were delish (my first time) all of the meat was delish.  Not very seasoned but good.  The purity was awesome.  The salad bar was great.  I made the best Caesar salad I've had in a while.  The mozz and parm were FANTASTIC!  Hubby loved the little bread basket. The wait staff said that they were told what goes into it but not so much how to make them.  (you see a pattern here with the chatty)  :)  At the end of the night when we could take no more we were approaching comaville we waited for our staff person to bring the check.  This is what confuses me.  Who are we tipping.  The gauchos, the really sweet gal that never let my water go empty, the cutie that "crumbed" our table?  The gal previously mentioned asked if we had received our check.  And then went to find it.  When everyone was running around furiously this is where we waited the most?  Hubby says that it's almost nice to not feel like they are rushing us out the door.  But when we wanted to leave - well, we waited.  All in all it was a very successful anniversary.  We will be back I'm sure.
4	I came to Fogo de Chao for AZ Restaurant Week in 2010.  The first disclaimer is that you have to be a serious meat eater if you want to enjoy all the benefits.  I do not eat beef as a Hindu, but I was actually able to enjoy quite a bit of the experience.  I got an opportunity to eat really good BBQ Chicken, sausage, a hybrid chicken-pork dish, and several seafood items from the buffet tray.  Fogo de Chao is very similar to tradition Brazilian BBQ.  I have actually been to a Brazilian BBQ in Rio, so I know this was very authentic.  You start off at the salad bar which has other small items such as cheese, seafood, and fruit.  You have quite a wide array of seafood to enjoy for non-red meat eaters.  You then sit down in your table and you get a button.  Green means bring it on!  Red means, stop for now or game over!  If you have your button turned to green, you will get constantly questioned about food.  I made this mistake in Brazil, and I had everyone and their mom come to my table asking if I wanted food.  I was so into the food, I didn't realize this simple little rule.  Once you want to call it quits for good, you get a selection of a few desert items.I think Fogo de Chao does a good job replicating the traditional Brazilian BBQ.  The quality of food is very similar from what my red-meat eating friends tell me.  This is a good taste of Brazilian BBQ if you do not want to travel all the way to Brazil.
4	An orgy of red meat and excess followed by two weeks of cleansing and fasting.  Try to not think of the starving children in Africa as you go through this debaucherous exercise.  I feel like I need to go to 'confession' every time I eat here.Savor the Picanha.Addendum:  It's an hour later and I feel horrible.
5	so this is what its like to be treated like a king. from the moment we took our seats til the last bite of the "chocolate molten cake" (which im going to say is a definite must), we were in awe of not only the setting, atmosphere, and delicious meats/treats.  before our wonderful dining experience (or might i say carnivore adventure), i had no idea what to expect... but, between the delectible sun-dried tomatoes (or you could pronounce it,, sun dried tom-ah-toes) and the filet mignon there was an outstanding staff ready to serve.  what i recommend::::::besides all of it.....-sundried tomatoes-potato salad-cucumbers-filet-top sirloin-pic-kanye???-and a must.. pitcher of sangriaamazing way to end an amazing night... happy 3 year babe ;)
5	Best steak experience ever!!!! This is definitely a splurge type place if you are lucky to be in a town that actually has one. Service got a little shaky towards the end of our meal but it was terribly busy, being that it was Saturday night on Valentine's day weekend. Five stars does this place the justice it deserves for both the ambiance and top notch food quality! Would do it all over again if I had the chance!
5	Flesh Fest!! If you love meat, you'll enjoy Fogo De Chao. Our fist encounter with Fogo De Chao was in Houston a couple of years back. We were both impressed with the service and the food. Since then we have visited Fogo De Chao in Scottsdale and have loved every minute of each experience. My husband and I came here for our first year anniversary. We made the mistake of eating a huge breakfast at Bill Johnsons Big Apple. One shouldn't do that if you plan on going to Fogo De Chao. For New Years Eve we again visited Fogo De Chao with some friends. Service has been impeccable all three times we went (both in Houston and in Scottsdale). Our wine and water glasses were never empty and our table was always clean. The wait staff were kind and always remembered our favorite cuts of meat. The Lamb Chops are my favorite. The Bacon Wrapped Fillet Mignon is to die for!I am a definate fan of Fogo De Chao!
2	Basically a glorified all you can eat buffet. I think they try to overwhelm you with so much food so that you don't realize that it's all pretty mediocre.Zero ambiance.Hope you like meat.
4	Meatlover's paradise! I've been to a few Brazilian steakhouses but I was really impressed with both the service and the food. If you go, GO HUNGRY!!! I know you're supposed to go there for the meat but the fried bananas and the cheesy bread puffs are sooo amazingly good, I have a hard time staying away from those. After working my way through a wide variety of meats, I left in a meat stupor. The meat, by the way was delicious. Quite a big variety of meats, cuts and they were all flavored really well. The service is really fast.
5	This place is awesome, I've never been to anything like it. If you are in the mood for meet then this is the place for you. Even if you aren't they have an amazing Salad Bar. Make sure not to fill up on salad though as you wont be disappointed by the selection of meats that await you.
5	OK, so maybe my barbarian talk review was lost on many readers so I have decided to edit my initial review of Fogo. Needless to say, this place will bring out the inner meat eating barbarian in all of us. I have been to the Fogo de Chao in Philadelphia and the one in Scottsdale numerous times, both locations offer the freshest items and both have their signature wait staff who bring the meat on the fly when your card is green. If you're bringing new initiates, advise them to come prepared. That being said, this place isn't a "buffet". It is a bit classier than that and as I mentioned, you will be getting quality items from both the salad bar and the main course with excellent service all around. Regardless if you get "your money's worth", it is an experience everyone should enjoy at least once. The Philadelphia location is right in center city and the AZ location is in yuppy Scottsdale. However, like "Jason V." mentioned, there were definitely more family tables at the AZ location than the one in Philly. No judging here either, but I agree that Fogo is not the place to bring infants and toddlers.
4	I came to this place for my birthday celebration with my fiance and another couple. I was definitely in a good mood.THE FOODFirst, the salad bar. I am not much of a veggie lover, but the selection here is impressive, especially in light of this being a place where you eat the cow, not the cow's food. Besides a variety of veggies and dressings, you have a few cold cut meats, cheeses and smoked salmon to select from. From personal experience, tomatoes are good, all cheeses and meats are too. Salmon was simply delicious.For the main course, it's all sorts of meat, mostly varieties of beef plus lamb and chicken. I liked all of them, but most of the beef was a salty to my taste (hence the loss of a star). Some of it can be explained by my getting the first cut off the meat several times, which meant that I got the salt seasoning in addition to the salt in the meat.  That aside, the meat is high quality and the main objective here is to remember not to get too much too soon, so you can enjoy everything the place has to offer.Sides were small (as they should be) and included polenta, mashed potatoes and fried bananas. All good.The wine selection is extensive and from our limited tasting, quite good. We had Cabernet and malbec.SETTINGThis is a rather large stand alone restaurant, but has surprisingly personal feeling, especially if you consider the amount of staff running around. It is not too brightly lit and has generally darker tones to the interior. There is also a cozy bar to the side of the main entrance that is a pleasant place to wait for others to arrive.SERVICEAttentive and not at all pushy.OVERALLI came here in a good mood and left in an even better mood and feeling like a python after eating a cow. Which was close enough to true amount of food in me. Highly recommend this both for the experience and the food itself.
3	I procrastinated on making Easter reservations and wound up coming here with the bf. Inside it looks like you are at someones wedding reception at a nice catering hall- nice, but unoriginal.  All of the staff were very kind and helpful and we soon got down to business. The salad bar was my garden of Eden! Mushrooms, beets, humongous asparagus spears (genetically altered, perhaps?;) ) the basil dressing? Amazing. I loved it, and even my veggie-shy man enjoyed some of it's offerings (bread and butter!). Time to get meaty! I have never had so much hot meat in front of me at one time! We quickly learned what we liked (filet and ny strip for me) and what we didn't (bottom sirloin still visits me in bad dreams). I tried two pieces of chicken that were both hard as rocks and a pork sasuage  that was ggggross! I had more uneaten meat on my plate than i had consumed, so after about 20 minutes I cut off the meat flow and went back for seconds at the salad garden.  Before leaving, we finally saw the lamb chops coming around. I love them and had to try them. My first bite was pretty decent. But each subsequent one was fattier than the next. Blech! Enough for me. I will mention the sides, although they were truthfully unmentionable. The "crispy polenta" was overcooked and greasy, the plantains looked nasty but tasted ok. The potatoes were the best of the worst, and we actually ate them. But overall, the sides aren't worth the room in your belly. We had none left, and therefore passed on dessert.I'd go back for the salad bar, it alone costs $20, but I think it's worth it. Everything else, meh.
4	I'd never had Brazilian BBQ before and was I in for a treat.  It started out with an impressive salad bar that included a wheel of Parmesan that you could carve pieces out of, delicious sweetly marinated peppers, hearts of palm and many other exotic and standard salad items.  The basil salad dressing was very good and a must try!The main course was a never ending supply of ten types of meat. Everything was delicious except the sirloin which was on the tougher side. The lamb and pork ribs stood out as exceptional.A word of warning, be sure to remember to flip your coaster to the red side, otherwise you will be overwhelmed with slices of meat being cut and tossed in front of you.Fogo de Chao is an experience to be had. Be sure to bring your appetite!
3	Ferrari's + Fashion + Filet = Fogo de Chao Maybe it's just me, but I felt out of place here. Well, I am getting up there in age and no longer feel a part of the "in crowd." As we parked our car (yes, we parked our own car and didn't use the valet), we saw Ferraris, Mercedes, Escalades, BMWs and they were everywhere. My husband and I drive a Lexus, so we're not exactly chopped liver, but the car display here was over-the-top. Then, there's the "eye candy." Granted it was "AZ Restaurant Week," so the restaurant was bustling with high energy. There were so many gorgeous young girls in stilettos and spandex dresses that were two sizes too small; I'm not sure how my husband was able to concentrate on his food. As for the food, it was good. The salad bar is huge with exotic and high end offerings including: tender fresh asparagus stalks, apple salad, hard salami and prosciutto, shaved authentic Parmigiana Reggiano, sun-dried tomatoes, and freshly made buffalo mozzarella. Here's how the all-you-can-eat carnivorous feast works. After you've had your fill of the salad bar, use your special coaster to let the waiters know you're ready. Flip the coaster to green to signal food service or red to take a break. Each waiter carries dramatic skewers with different meats. There are at least a dozen different varieties of beef, chicken, lamb, sausage, pork. Once we flipped our coasters to green, those waiters swarmed on us like flies to honey. Truth be told, it was overwhelming, almost scary. So we quickly flipped our coasters back to red so we could enjoy our feast. I was surprised that many of the meat selections were dry. Maybe they could set some flavorful dipping sauces on the table to provide moisture and a variety of flavors. But perhaps that would defeat the purpose of showcasing the meat? At any rate, I can see how many people enjoy Fogo de Chao. But for me, I'm not a fan.
5	I didn't  go for the great salad bar or even the best dinner rolls I have  ever had. We went for the steak....every one of the options(over 10) were fantastic. The fact that you get to try as many and as much as you'd like makes it great.  No this isn't a buffet like it  sounds. GO hungry and leave happy,period.
3	Positives: There was a wide variety of salad, meats, and sides that come with your meal; drinks and dessert are not included. The service is phenomenal and absolutely what you'd want when you spend that much money for food. Negatives: We are absolutely meat lovers, and enjoy good flavor, however with the exception of a couple of cuts, there really wasn't too much to it, other than over salted entrees. Also, we went here for spring restaurant week and normally the prices during this week should be much cheaper than normal for a 3 course meal, and instead it was only 6 dollars cheaper than any other normal dinner night. I thought this was very deceiving when I made reservations. I wouldn't mind paying the money, if they were upfront about it. Worth trying once just to say you went there, but we probably won't be going back.
5	I could write a very long review telling you how this is the most amazing steak you can find and a million other great things about this place. Instead I'm just going to say AMAZING!!! Worth every penny. They treat you amazing here and they are VERY quick with the steak. Don't miss this place.
5	Went here for a work function today. What can I say, this place is awesome! A great variety of meats all cooked to perfection. My favorite was the bacon wrapped filet, yum!Nice salad bar with good variety as well, instead of bacon bits, they have a bowl full of uncrumbled bacon.Lastly a slice of cheesecake with strawberries, mmm.Simply awesome stuff! Taking the wife when I can.
5	"....they need more meats on a stick..." - Ben Stiller as Ted in There's Something About Mary.I think he meant they need more gauchos running around in a restaurant slicing it up for me to indulge in.  I brought a friend here for dinner.  He had never had the churrascaria experience so I thought I would help him improve his dining experience exponentially.The first great thing, apart from the food, was the parking set up.  There's complimentary valet parking OR your friend can park a 100 yds away from the front door so he can laugh at you while you negotiate beds of tiny rocks in your stilettos.  Anyway, this location is soooo much better than the Beverly Hills one that has super atrocious parking.To the good stuff....I made my friend order a caipirinah and I ordered a Mondavi Pinot Noir to start.  We hit the salad bar and my friend was like what is all this weird stuff.  Who cares, just dump ranch on it!  They had a really yummy apple salad that I had never tried before, but I like to load up on the hearts of palm, artichokes, and buffalo mozzarella.Along with never having had the Brazilian experience, my friend had never had filet mignon....smh...you poor sheltered thing.  He tried the bacon wrapped filet & chicken first.  I watched him de-virginize his mouth with filet mignon.  It was pornographic.  Then we tried MY personal fave, lamb chops medium rare.  I also had the bottom sirloin which was a little too skirty for my liking.Oh, this kid also tried his first bite of polenta....christ almighty...and he liked.We finished off dinner with the papaya cream dessert, which was papaya blended w/ vanilla ice cream topped w/ creme de cassis, and 2 snifters of B & B.Oh, you've never had B & B?  Kiss the enamel on your teeth goodbye, but it tastes absolutely delish!We had phenomenal service at a great price.  I got more bang for my buck here at this location.  What I spent here on the AYCA, dessert, & booze was equal to the cost of the AYCE only price at the BH locale.  (What's the exchange rate of the Cali $ to the AZ $....3 to 1?  I love it!)For a casual yet buzzing dining experience, bring your self-proclaimed sheltered friends here for a meaty, treaty taste fest, flip to green and it's on!
5	Consistent offerings of service, food, atmosphere and drinks is what makes this franchise successful. No matter whether I'm at Fogo in DC, Baltimore or here in Scottsdale, I get the same gut-busting food and well-made drinks in a place where I could either wear a suit and tie or jeans and a t-shirt.A specific note on this particular location- there were a lot of families with small children on this particular Friday night. No judging, but I've never seen that at any other Fogo. Fogo back east is really "date night" or the kind of place to pre-game for a bachelor party or a business dinner, but not to bring infants and toddlers. Possibly a by-product of its location on Scottsdale Road in a strip mall near a few hotels. IMHO, this is not the place to bring kids, but I respect the rights of anyone to do so. If I was traveling w/ kids in tow and I didn't have a Fogo in my city, it'd be hard to pass up. In any regard, it did not bother me in the least. I was too wrapped up in my company and the food and those drinks. You will easily spend over $75 per person here including tip, so prepare to camp out, eat slowly, enjoy your meal and be treated like royalty.The house special sirloin will make you rethink how to prepare sirloin at home, it's that good. Don't fill up on salad at the salad bar- you can do that at Olive Garden- but do enjoy the cheeses, mushrooms, vegetables and cold cuts which raise the salad bar. Did you see what I just did there?Nice wine selections here. Ask for a Brazilian red to enjoy with your meal if you have the coin.
2	We decided to try out Fago de Chao today for our Anniversary it was disappointing to say the least. I am also a Private Chef and they were gracious enough to let me tour the kitchen but the meat  was over done and dry. The salad bar was really good with lots of variety. One of the  servers was exceptionally nice he's the one that gave me the tour and brought us an Anniversary dessert that was very good. I would just expect that since the main excitement of the Resturant was all the meat that it should be cooked exceptionally well, juicy and moist.We visit a lot of restaurants for the cuisine and the atmosphere and this one unfortunately won't be on our list for a return visit at these prices especially.
4	I felt like a King...but at a king's price.  I had the meal, one mixed drink, and coffee and tip....$78By the end of the meal, my head was spinning and I was dizzy with the excessive hospiality, the over abundance of great food, great service and good coffee.
3	The food was amazing!.. We went here for a friend's dad's birthday and the food was awesome!! Besides the food though, there sat us at a table that was by the door, which was okay, there just seemed to be a lot of traffic. There was a very large party next to us that had 2-3 young children that were running around and screaming. It was not a pleasant dinner and it was very loud. It definitely was difficult to talk across the table. Towards the end of dinner, we wanted to get desert due to celebrating a birthday and the wait staff seemed to disappear on us. By the time they came around and asked if we would like desert, everyone was ready to leave. We definitely will try this place again because the food was excellent, but hopefully next time the atmosphere will be better.
5	Alright, I'm going to make this as short and sweet as possible. If you're vegan or vegetarian, yes there's a giant salad bar for you, but don't waste your time and money. If you're a meat eater but mostly fish or chicken because red meat is soooo bad for you. Go jog to your favorite sushi bar and fill up on those cute little morsels.  If you are a true carnivore.  I mean you embrace the fact that we have been blessed with canine teeth for the ripping and shredding of flesh.  If you pass by a farm filled with cows and you don't notice the smell of poop and moreover you are suddenly blazing a trail to Carl's Jr for a $6 burger.  If you look longingly at your local butcher's apron and think about sucking that fabric clean.  Well my friends, Fogo de Chao is for you.             Now the place if very nicely adorned.  Staff very professional.  Prices are pretty high.  But at the heart of it beats a BBQ joint.  Here's the deal:  The salad bar is awesome.  All of the various extras they bring by your table, delicious.  Having said that, only a fool partakes in those features of this restaurant.  This is all you can eat meat, off a skewer, and when the gauchos come by carving off every type of meat imaginable, you better not have filled up on fluff!  You can get all that other stuff at a million restaurants.  But you cannot get meat like this anywhere else.            The meat is so simply prepared, just heat and salt used as ingredients.  But don't let that fool you into thinking it's boring.  While I admit, I am a sauce man.  Love all kinds and love it all over my BBQ, no matter what kind of meat.  This meat is of superior quality, and so there is very little needed to be done to it to make it taste fantastic.  Look, I can go on and on about the tasty virtues of their perfectly cooked meats.  All you need to know is say yes to every hunk of protein brought by on a sword until you are ready to burst.  Then force down the Creme Brulee, it really is pretty damn good!
5	What a great place. Been here twice and thought both times were great. I have to say better this time than last though.  Was sat right away. Starts with this awesome salad bar that has this enormous wheel or parmesan cheese. You flip your red card to green and holy moly! People seem to come from left and right serving you dinfferent kinds of meat, different cuts of meat and different prepared meats. They keep doing this round and round until you turn your card back to red. You can flip it back and forth all night. They also bring out side which consist of garlic mashed potatoes, fried bananas, fried polenta with parmesan cheese and cheese popovers all night long. Also at your request they have 3 dipping sauces for the meats. 1 a chimchurry, 2 and house made hot sauce and 3rd a horseradish sauce. All very good. For dessert we order both the chocolate mousse and the tree leches cakes to take home. Both were.very good.   The service was probably the best I have ever had. The entire wait team work together. 1 picks up your plate and within seconds you.have a new one. Same with refills and seconds. This is a place that you never wait on them, they truly wait on you. They are on the pricey side, around 50 smackers for 1 person, so I wouldn't come here every day. But man between the food and the service, it is well worth it
3	I came to Fogo de Chao because my fiance was given a gift certificate. We had enough money for 2 dinners. I found the place to be kind of a meat over-load. The side orders they bring out were kind of bland- the mashed potatoes tasted like they were from a box. The corn bread was ok. I wasn't a fan of the plantanes. The meats were good, but how much meat can you eat? My favorite item was the bacon wrapped chicken, but could I eat 50.00 worth of chicken? No. The salad bar was nice, and I thought the cold meats and cheeses there were a nice touch, but really hard to eat that much food in one sitting. The concept is novel- carving of the meat from the giant knives at table side though!
4	For meatatarians! Wow, bring on the beef. From chicken legs to lamb this place serves you as much meat as you can handle and then some.Everyone is given a coaster like deal that is red on one side for stop, and green on the other for go! The servers will continue to come to your table as long as the green side is up. I believe I have tried all their cuts of beef, but my fav is the house beef. So tasty and mouthwatering. The salad bar is full of delicious options: salmon, brie, chicken salad....etc. The side dishes are also great: mashed potatoes, this awesome little bread, and plantains.The desserts are delicious!
5	For my Very First Review, I wanted to do a no brain-er. This is by far the best restaurant I've ever been to. If you Love beef, you will love this place. At about $50 per person it is pricey but the beef has awesome flavor and it's all you can eat so get your grub on. If you Vegetarian, you can get just the salad bar and it is still incredible. I can't give this place enough stars since it is the only restaurant that easily pleases both Carnivores and vegetarians! I've been to this location several times and each time the food has been amazing. The truly greatest thing about this place is the consistency. Each time we have gone the service, food and experience has been the same. Amazing. My personal Favorite is the House special. It has great flavor and is mouthwatering. The lamb is also great. each cut is great in it's own unique way. If you like well done or rare, ask the server and they will ensure you get it. Believe me you won't regret trying this place.
5	A quick FYI: This coming week for Restaurant Week they will be offering dinner for $40 per person...a great deal!I love LOVE this place! I love the wide selection of their Salad Bar and Meats. I also LOVE their desserts!
5	OMG best Brazilian steakhouse ever! Don't walk, RUN to this restaurant. An absolute must have! The salad bar is delicious, but it is really about the meat. *Sigh* the meat selection is not only great, but some of the best meat I have ever had. Their signature drink is amazing. The service was great! You will not be disappointed!
4	Great service.  Tasty food.  I like it for lunch because later, I can skip dinner.  Their salad bar satisfies the vegetarian taste buds.  I like this place alot.  I think it lives up to the hype.
3	LISTEN CLOSELY FELLOW YELPERS.....THIS 3 STAR RATING IS SPECIFICALLY FOR MY VISIT FOR LUNCH ON Fri, 9/30. I am originally from Chicago and we have multiple Churrasscos in our area and I frequent Fogo the most and always give them 5 stars but today meats were bland, service was slow and they just didn't seem to have that feel. In a nutshell:Meats were bland except for Garlic Beef and Bottom SirloinSalad Bar was great as alwaysRestaurant was clean and appeared relatively new. I would love to give them a higher rating but I'll leave it for Chicago!
4	Even if your not a meat-eating machine this place has an A-M-A-Z-I-N-G salad bar with top notch ingredients and cheeses and everything your little heart could desire. The important thing to remember when you go is to make sure you go hungry because it can be a little pricey so you want to get your moneys worth of food.I had been wanting to go here and my work held a business dinner there which allowed me to make it happen. We had a private room in the back which was really nice - made it feel like we were in our own restaurant almost. The staff was so attentive and I love the green means go and red means stop cards you get to show if you want more meat or not. I would forget to turn mine over to red and before I knew it I had every type of meat on my plate. They were delicious, but I feel like you always end up overeating at this place.
4	Meat meat meat!This place is perfect for a fatty like me.  All I do is sit there, flip the card to green, and my plate just fills up with MEAT!  The food here is delicious,  the last time I was here,  I was pregnant and I didn't feel right leaving a review because everything I ate had to be burned.  This time around,  I asked for medium rare everything and it was DELICIOUS.  I had expected the meat to be salty, but it wasn't salty at all.  The meat sliced through so easily,  the flavor was awesome,  and I LOVE LOVE LOVE the garlic beef!  I also got a little bit of their basil salad dressing and dipped a few pieces of meat into it, and oh man, it was heaven.Speaking of salad dressing, their salad bar is one of the best I've had.   I love their tomatoes, their cheeses, their salmon, their salads, and the basil salad dressing is a must have.Don't eat the chicken, it's dry, and that is all :)I would definitely recommend this place.
3	5 Things 1. if you're on a high protein diet - Go Here!~2. No prices - rule of thumb.. if you have to ask - you can't afford it. No joke this place for 2 people is an easy $2003. It's fun.. almost like a game. You have a card which you flip over when you want them to bring you more meat and back over when you don't.4. Go here if you're starving otherwise you're not going to eat your money's worth.5. Caipirinha - Don't be fooled it is no mojito.. it will knock you on your ass it's painfully strong..but you can power through it, It's not very sweet, it's actually kinda awful.lol
5	if u can afford this food than you know why most people have given this place five stars i also went to the one in Austin Texas OMG!! sooo good i will and have already returned to this place many times
4	Love.  This.  Place.It is not cheap and I'm pretty sure I had a mild heart attack from all the fat and sodium I ingested; but oh so worth it.  Not the best cuts of meat and some pieces are a bit fatty but this is pretty much a meat lovers paradise.  I went here as part of a ginormous 30-person party and everything went pretty smoothly considering our group's size.  The staff was very professional and tried to keep everything straight even though things got a little bit hectic.Can't wait to return.
5	meatloaf...smeatloaf...double beatloaf...i HATE meatloaf
4	I've been to several Brazilian places before. The food was excellent. The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because they didn't have any "exotic" meats. Also the salad & side selections  had fewer selections compared to other Brazilian places I've been to around the country. Other  Brazilian places I have been too have had everything from Ostrich to Antelope as part of the meat selections. This place had beef,pork,chicken and lamb in various cuts. The deserts were excellent too, but not included in the cost for the meal. Deserts were just under $10 each. Everything served here was excellent. Plan on spending about $60 per person if you want desert. The staff was polite and efficient. The atmosphere was good too. I would definitely go back again.
3	The food was ok. The salad bar was nice and the service was great but  the food was just ok. The desert part was better I had the tres leches and I really enjoyed it.
5	Ok, I'll say this up front, I don't like chains.  There are just far too many awesome restaurants in Phoenix/Scottsdale to go to a chain.That being said, this place is amazing and the quality and consistency here is unreal.  Yes, it "seems" expensive but once you've eaten here you'll realize that you are absolutely getting your moneys worth.So much awesome unlimited red meat.Don't let them trick you with the salad bar!  It's killer but don't fill up!  And don't be ashamed to leave your flipper thing on GREEN, the sign of meat greed. hahahahaha.Lastly, try the Tres Leches and the Key Lime Pie, out of this world.
5	I love this place! You know when its good when even Brazilians go to this place to eat. If you are a big meat lover, this is your spot. Its pricey but well worth it!
5	This restaurant is the essence of Brasil, the last time I felt this at home, was when I was playing soccer next to the favelas.  Also go to the bar and order some acai liquor, it's a little pricey but it's worth it. $10 a shot.
4	The food is very good they slice the meat tableside. I wish I could eat more red meat but my stomach only allows so much before I feel sick. It cost around $110 dollars including tip and tax.  It was kinda of pricey! I did go here for New Years Eve and it was soooooo busy I could barely make it to the salad bar. The service was very good and im not sure if I would eat here again.!!
5	This place is awesome. This is the first Fogo I've been to, but I've spent some time in Brazil and have had "real" BBQ. As with most Brazilian BBQ places, the strategy is to stay away from the salad bar and just load up on meat. Having said that, their salad bar is very fresh and is loaded with some pretty interesting items. The asparagus was cooked perfectly (something I need with beef for some reason). One of the drawbacks from places like this is overcooked meat. I prefer Medium rare to rare for high quality beef and the servers are more than willing to find you steaks that are cooked to your liking. You're not going to get anything too exotic to choose from like you would in Brazil...i.e...chicken hearts, but it's a nice place in a convenient location. Of course this is in Scottsdale, so you know it's more upscale than it probably needs to be, and that's fine with me.
4	Great food and lots of it!  Service was awesome!  Come hungry!  May not be the best for kids as our daughter did not enjoy the variety like us.
2	I have been to a few different Brazilian steak houses before, but this was my first time here.  We went to celebrate a couple birthdays with a group of 8 people. The service and atmosphere is what earned both stars. The only complaint in this department was when I went to the rest room, a service tray was leaning against the wall less than a foot from the urinal. Pretty gross for a crappy diner let alone a nice evening out. The food was not worth the cost at all. All meats, except the sirloin, were way over cooked. The carver would ask how you would like the meat cooked, and we quickly learned your response did not matter. Dry and well done was what you got. My wife is pregnant so only soda for her, and one glass of wine for me. $148 total including a 20%tip. Not worth it at all. I will not return, and recommend looking elsewhere for a good Brazilian steakhouse.
4	Service,food and salad bar was great!!! All meats where great, but my family was all in agreement the pork ribs where HORRIBLE!!
5	Great food, Great Service.  The lamb was the best.  Great salad bar, but don't fill up on it.  All servers had a smile.  I will be back.  This is a great place.
4	If you have never eaten at a Brazilian churrascaria this place is a pretty good representation of one. Word to the wise...... get ready for a mass intake of meat products. The menu here is non existent. You sit down, order some beverages, and get down and dirty. The salad bar here is definitely above par for the course (to all of you golfers: the salad bar just shot a 69 at Augusta). I think it had thirty five or so items to excite the palate. Now don't fill up with all of that rabbit food because the next stop is protein town, population you.In my mind I said "bring on the beef!" I think that message was picked up subliminally by every waiter in the joint. The moment I was done with my salad our table was surrounded by beautiful glistening beef, lamb, chicken, even a little pork. I made the fatal mistake of thinking I could  try a little of everything. At the end of the meal I was so overloaded with meat products I almost passed out at the table. The quality of the meat and flavors was top notch and highly recommended. I guess I should also note the service was fantastic. All of the meats are made to order. The lamb was a little over done for my taste and they had a fresh skewer of rare meat out in a flash. All of the drinks were full and the house had a pretty good wine selection.
5	If you have not yet been to this place and have any sort of respect for being a carnivore, get yourself to FOGO ASAP. I don't think it's possible for anyone to leave this place disappointed. Even a vegetarian would enjoy the wonderful all you can eat salad bar, however if you are trying Fogo for the first time, do not make the rookie mistake and go crazy when they turn you loose on the salad bar. Save every inch of stomach space for the Unlimited amount of 15 different kind of meats that you will be consuming.  So go lithe on that salad bar if you must, turn that card over to green and let the glorious amount of meats be carved right onto your plate. The three side dishes they bring you are delish don't get me wrong, partake in those, but don't go crazy, it's ALL about the meat.   The only think this place could do better was create a separate bathroom to purge so your stomach could hold more meat. Fogo is pricey, 47 dollars  a head for unlimited food, so if you aren't hungry don't waste your money. They will tell you about their house specialty mojito. It is quite delicious but do beware its 12 dollars and that's not advertised.  Do yourself a favor, if it's a special occasion or your just looking to treat yourself to a great meal, GO HERE. PLEASE. You've earned it. Afterwards  the amount of meat and food you consume, you may feel that you disrespected all the starving people in the world. YES you did. But damnit its worth it.
5	For the 40$ a head you pay for all the meat and salad you can eat, this is a heaven for a 20 year old guy!! I have been coming to this location for a few years now during birthdays and special occasions with family. One thing I have voiced is how the employees have remained the same throughout the years! Since working in the reasturant for about 3 years I have witnessed constant overturn at my job, but Fogo has kept the same hard working people hustling and bustling to please the customers needs. This also falls on management! Employees enjoy being there, whenever that happens, food will have more love and quality to it. All in all I love going to Fogo for the culture I feel I am absorbing by talking with the staff and indulging in the food.
4	This is a place that after you eat here; you put your craving to meat on hold for sometime.It has really nice selection if meat, I am a big fan of lamb and I got plenty :)Pros: lots of meat, salad, ambianceCons: the meat is extremely salty, I thought I will get an hearth attack :)2 people with 2 martinis we paid roughly 120$ so a bit pricey :)
4	Admittedly, I'm not a huge meat eater. At Brazilian Steakhouses, I gorge on the cheesy bread things, mashed potatoes and plantains (and, in Vegas, a pitcher of sangria). This the only Fogo de Chao location I've visited. I'm thrilled that they are open for lunch. I sometimes meet my hubby there (now, he IS a carnivore and makes up for me not eating much meat). It's not crowded, service and food selection are still great, and it's cheaper. Also, kids 5 and under are free. Unfortunately for them, my four year old eats everything. She's in heaven here.I still think I prefer Texas de Brazil b/c their plantains and potatoes are better. But, Fogo de Chao has palenta. The salad bar area and meats are about equal. I did notice that the meats are cooked more than some of the other Brazilian steakhouses. More medium-well. The bacon-wrapped filet was great!
1	First off...they're getting one star for cheesy bread.  That's it.  Horrible service tonight for our group.  Where do I begin.  Took 15 minutes to receive our bottle of wine along with another 10 minute wait for our bottle of water.   Meats were tasty for about the 15 minutes when we received them.  After that the meats stopped coming around even though our cards were up on green.  The meat jockey's were still walking around but seemed to ignore our table.  The table next to us also received the "salad bar" treatment.  Really disappointed in the service as I had been waiting for this dining experience for a few weeks now.  Decided while waiting twenty minutes for the check that I will probably not return.
3	Maybe because it was Valentine's Day night and it was busy... but unfortunately, I'd have to say this place is OVERRATED.Good thing about this place is that the restaurant is located in a nice upscale area and is easily visible from the main road.  Fancy decor and high class environment.  People understand that it is upscale so for the most part everyone is dressed up.  Good ambiance for a romantic dinner.  For the food, you're paying $50 for each person for a salad bar and unlimited meat.  Now the food wasn't bad at all.  Everything at the salad bar tasted good and it was all fresh.  The meats portion really depends on how much of the different choices you like.  Being that it was my first time, I wanted to really experience what they had to offer and get a little bit of everything.  Problem with that... everything wasn't great.   I would have rather ordered a dish that i preferred and got full off that.  But instead i ate a mixture of things that liked and things that I don't really care to try again.  At the end of the day, none of the different cuts wow'ed me.  The reason I'm giving this such a bad review was the service.  Again, I'm sure it was because it was Valentine's Day but It was just horrible!  Servers come to tables with the different meat randomly and there were times where everyone had empty plates and it took a while for another server to come.  Also, some of the meat never came to our table so we had to ask for them towards the end of the meal.  At the end of the meal, they brought out our dessert twice and forgot the hot tea.  Different waiters were asking if we needed anything, but they would forget about it.  They just didn't seem organized.  Finally, we had to wait over 30 minutes for our bill.  They did apologize for it because their "system was down."  Finally, we got a bill and noticed that the 2 beers we ordered and the dessert wasn't on there.  I thought that was a nice gesture to compensate for the wait.  However, a couple of minutes later another waiter comes and tells us that we received the wrong bill!  He then gives us the correct one with everything on it.  I'm not complaining that we had to pay for what we got, but that just made them look so bad.Ultimately, if I make reservations at a restaurant, come dressed up, and I'm paying $50/person for a so-so meal, they better be on point when it comes to customer service.  Our servers knew that it was our first time there and they did nothing for us that would make us want to come back.
4	This place is very expensive, but you get your moneys worth.  I was actually taken here as a guest of my aunt and her husband and I felt very guilty because even though I do eat meat, I feel like I did not eat enough to make it worth it to bring me.  The salad bar is amazing.  Its top of the line food including mozzarella balls as big as a child's fist. The thing is, if you are there to eat meat, then don't fill up here as the big show is next.  You get coasters that on one side are red, the other side is green.  Think of a stop light, red is stop, green is go.  Men with spits of meat will walk around and ask you if you would like a cut of what they are serving.  There is beef, pork, lamb, chicken, and sauages walking around.  As long as you are flipped to green, they will keep coming.  When you are finally done with all that meat and you somehow amazingly have more room, then totally go for the desserts.  They are out of this world.  I got the tres leche cake.  So amazing.  Along with the pinot noir we got, this was a very decadent meal.
4	**** My 200th Review! ****Fogo de Chao I believe loosely translates to "Meat Tornado". I was warned by a friend not to fill up on the salad bar and starchy side dishes before the carnivorous category F5 engulfed the table in a dizzying barrage of beef, lamb, chicken, and pork.  There are 16 different types of meat brought to your plate. You can control the flow of the meat parade by using a little stop-n-go coaster, but who wants to stop the meat parade?Highlights for me were: anything lamb, bacon wrapped chicken, the garlic beef, and the mashed potato side dish (seriously good). Lowlights for me were: the sirloins, the pork sausage, the corn fritter things, and the emptiness of salad-type salad bar options. The staff were top notch, even for a bunch of younger dudes, they communicated well and were very professional. Well done sirs. We had an excellent wine pairing. They brought out a nice desert for our birthday girl and everyone left a little more swollen than when they came in. On a side note, go to the salad bar last, what my friend called "the pusher" and steer clear of their bathrooms unless you want to hear guttural sounds the likes of which you can never un-hear.
4	Eating at Fogo De Chao is a great experience as long as you enjoy talking to the wait staff constantly. The valet took our car; we entered only to be seated right away in a large grand dining room surrounded by tables and a giant top shelf salad bar. We took our seat at a little two top and immediately we were greeted by one of our several servers throughout the meal with a small green and red disk. After a quick lesson from one of the 20 or so social waiters and waitresses wandering around, we started our dining experience. VEGETARIANS NEED NOT APPLYThis place is fantastic with the selections of beef, pork and chicken that are brought to your table as soon as that little disk is turned to green. When your plate is full and you want to eat, just flip it over and enjoy your meal. The ambiance is a little generic big restaurant, but totally worth the visit if you really like to eat meat. Price is ok, but I personally don't have a problem with a 40-50 dollar per plate meal considering all the variety of samplings made available by this Brazilian churrascaria. Sometimes more is less and sometimes you just want to sample multiple dishes, well at Fogo De Chao you can eat as much or as little of many different styles and kinds of meat of your choosing. The only real problem with this restaurant is since there appears to be no sections for individual wait staff, you do, get a little harassed by the wait staff trying to do their job and asking you if "you're ok". This is a problem I can deal with for such a fantastically filling eating experience.BE WARNED, WEAR LOSE PANTS
4	Best place ever. Plus kids eat free. Meat and more Meat!! My husband loved it. So good.
1	Valentine's Day and what can be better than a wonderful night out with my beautiful wife!  We booked reservations at Fogo de Chao and were looking forward to a wonderful evening.  We arrive promptly for our reservation and were warmly greeted by a 20 minute wait standing in an overcrowded lobby.  We overheard the hostess tell another patron that Fogo was running behind because people were taking longer than expected to eat.  I guess they did not account for folks actually wanting to enjoy their meal and their conversation on Valentine's Day.  We were taken to our table and our waiters greeted us with "Man, I am tired, can't wait until by shift ends."   - Sorry for the inconvenience.  We will try not to ask too much of you. -  Well, I think he read my thoughts because we went to the salad bar and returned to find that we still did not have our drinks, including water, or forks.  We did a quick check to see in anyone else was eating with their hands as part of the cultural experience.  But, they had forks and water, so we waited.  And waited... Finally, we flagged down a meat chef who kindly gave use the equipment necessary to begin our meal.  The food was average.  The steaks were great, but the lamb was gamey and the chicken was average and a bit dry.   The rolls were beautifully prepared and had an interesting texture.  We were invited to try their dessert, but decided that we did not want to overstay our welcome.  So we politely asked for our check and waited.... We did pass the time watching the waiters flip through the bills from other customers evaluating their tips like the IRS agents checking tax returns.  To be serious for a moment, for the price of this restaurant, we expected a more classic dining experience with a professional, attentive wait staff, etc. However, it may have just been a over overcrowded since it was Valentine's Day.   Yet, that is exactly why we picked this establishment in the first place....
4	I really wanted to give Fogo De Chao 5 stars. Their food is amazing. I have been 3 times, and 2 of the 3 times were perfect. Fogo De Chao is certainly an experience, you start off with the salad bar, which is no where near your typical Jell-o salad bar. They have smoked salmon, and their fresh Parmesan cheese wheel is extremely unique for most places.The meat selection is not only good, the taste is out of this world. The service for the most part is phenomenal you never have to ask for anything.Now having said that, my husband and I went to Fogo for Valentine's day. We had reservations, and I understood that we would be waiting. It was more the fact that they had probably about 50, 2 person tables crammed into one of their big rooms to the point that you could not pull your chair out to get up from your table without being in someone elses lap, and forget about getting the meat selection you want if you were in the corner, which we were. Half of the gauchos completely ignored our corner. It was less then to be desired.Pros: Fantastic Food and atmosphere (non holiday)Cons: Holiday planning on their part. Just don't go.
5	Place is pretty good. First time going and was bombarded with steak, if you don't take it easily...you et full within minutes
2	A friend of mine recently invited us to join for his birthday dinner at Fogo. My initial thought was "what am I going to be able to eat here?!"  but was assured that their salad bar was "banging".  So, alas we arrive and the woman and I hit up the bar while we waited for our peeps.  She got a really great dark beer and I tried to go outside of the box and ordered a melon martini.  It was terrible, but I didn't want to send it back cause it was kind of my own fault.  The bartender, however, noticed my full glass and asked if there was something else he could get for me.  Thank you sir!!!  I got a glass of Malbec instead, and it was great.  Our friends arrived, and we were seated.  It was like a whirlwind of craziness after.  Our server twirled on over and explained super fast how the place worked and what it was all about.  He went around asking what we all wanted to drink, and when he got to my lady, he called her sir...annoying.  She clearly is a woman.  Whatev, stuff happens sometimes when you're high on meat fumes.  After he was done with our drink order, we all got up to grab some salad.  Now, I know that this place is a meat house, but if you're gonna charge me 23 bones for my salad bar, please, make it great!  I grabbed some lettuce and started walking around to see what else I wanted.  There were these huge asparagus piled high, so I grabbed a few.  Then I grabbed some green beans, huge beet slices and broccoli, too.  I went to the dressings and was kind of disappointed.  There were ranch, caesar, and what looked and tasted like zesty Italian from Kraft. Boo.  Everything looked really good, but nothing was seasoned at all.  I mean, I appreciate being given the option to season my own items, but plain bland everything?  I want some flavor people!  Once seated, meat on sticks came from every direction.  It's kind of funny to watch.  Two of my dining companions ordered limeades, and no joke, had to ask for refills from multiple people (at least four times!) before someone came by with a pitcher.  The boyfriend of the birthday boy decided to propose that evening, and asked them to please bring the ring out on the dessert plate, and they did so very well.  I'll give them a star for that.  It was cute and sweet, both literally and figuratively.  I just ordered an after dinner coffee for my dessert, and everyone seemed please with their treats.Ugh, then when it came time to pay, we decided that I would put $100 on my card and the rest was in cash.  When someone FINALLY came by to pick up the bill, I explained this.  He looked very confused. So, I repeated "Just 100 on the card and the rest cash." Simple enough, right?  Not so much.  It literally took about ten minutes for someone else to bring our monies back and when they did, the guy used all the cash and put the remainder of $61 on my card (I'm just glad is wasn't more than what I asked him to put on)...but still, I serve bro! It's not hard to do!I was completely underwhelmed by my experience here and do not plan on returning.  At least I won't suffer from any meat sweats.NEXT!
5	Love it! They have a great salad bar...but make sure not to eat too much here because the meat is the best part. The meat was endless. My favorite was the bacon wrapped filet. The ambiance here is nice as well.
1	We were so disappointed!  We were on vacation in Scottsdale and wanted to try a Brazilian restaurant.  It was nothing like the one we have had home.  Actually it was completely worse than all three Brazilian steakhouses we have close to home.  I tried about 12 different meats and I think there were only 2 out of the 12 that were tender.  The rest were over cooked or hard as a rock.  We really wanted to love this place as I kept trying more and more of the meats as they came around hoping the next one would be better.  Besides being hard, the meats didn't have much flavor.  The salad bar was okay and I don't know that I would even pay the cheaper price to just eat from their salad bar.  This is sad that I have to say the highlight or our meal was the fresh bread and salami slice you get at the salad bar.  :(
4	Note to self: fancy place, not the greatest restaurant to take your 14 mo old on a whim and  you and your hubby are wearing casual wear.  With that said, even though we looked out of place, we still had a great time and the service was excellent!We never get our money's worth in these type of churrasco restaurants because neither my husband nor I can pack it in.  However, the meats were delicious and their appetizer/salad spread was yummy, too!!  I love hearts of palm and mushrooms so this was right up my alley but they also had "normal" stuff too like potato salads and regular salads and the like.Great place for a date, especially if you want to impress.  You can go in there in casual wear, too, as we did, but it is more of an upscale type establishment.Enjoy!
5	From start to finish this was the best experience! The wait staff was so friendly and fast. We were discussing my birthday, and they brought me a special dessert just to be sweet. The food was incredible and didn't all have the same smokey flavor (most brazilian steakhouses have the same taste). The buffet and sides were perfect, and complimented the wonderful food. The money is well worth it, I would pay that every day to receive that kind of service. I love this place, and I recommend it for any occasion.
5	Meat Heaven.  This place is phenomenal.  A good spot for special occasions.  This is definitely a restaurant to be enjoyed in moderation.  Quarterly is my limit.  I always need about three months to recover from the meat coma.  The salad bar is perfect for anyone in your party that doesn't want meat.  The service is always fantastic and you never have to wait for one individual to get back to you.  Servers and Gauchos are always attentive.
5	Amazing.Fogo de chao is nothing short of out of this world. It is expensive, but as soon as you start, you'll know exactly where that money went.Seriously. Try it.
4	Definitely not for vegetarians!  At Fogo you eat meat, on top of meat, and then more meat.  But not only is the food excellent, the experience is fun as well.  It's on the fancier side and definitely expensive, but it's great for special occasions or to treat yourself occasionally.  I loved the parmesan crusted pork, the linguisa, and the sirloin was very good too.  I was surprised that the bacon wrapped filet was very fatty but overall the quality of the meat was amazing.  The salad bar was very fresh and tasty and the tres leches cake for dessert is definitely one to try.
5	Expensive, and worth every last penny! Compare it to other steakhouses (Capital Grill, City Hall, Durant's, etc) and you're spending less and still getting way more for your money. Where else are you going to be able to try 16 different cuts of steak, lamb, chicken, and pork at the simple flip of a coaster? Don't overdo it on the salad bar, it's tempting, but save as much room as possible for the barrage of meat you're about to endure! My favorites are anything lamb,  the bacon wrapped filet, and the parmesan encrusted pork medallions!They have a very impressive wine list and always have a few bottles on special at a deep discount!And last but not least, the service is impeccable! Servers and hosts everywhere, ready to suit any needs, whether it's refreshing your wine glass, chasing down a particular meat for you, or preparing an amazing desert to surprise you for your anniversary (thanks again Thomas), these guys do it all!!
5	I've been to several Brazilian Steakhouses in and out of the USA and this was definitely the best. The food and service are both amazing.
4	Go very hungry. There is a ton of food. The carvers can be a little snippy when you don't know what you're doing would be my only complaint. Overall great food, the desserts were really excellent.
4	I had no idea what to expect when I came here, other then copious amounts of meat. Our server was friendly and very helpful in explaining how the restaurant worked. They weren't kidding--when you turn the coaster over to green it gets INTENSE. Everything that touched my plate was AMAZING, with my favorites being the filet wrapped in bacon, parmesan crusted pork, and bacon wrapped chicken.In the future, I now know to come HUNGRY. I filled up quickly, especially on the little (but delicious) cheese popovers on the table that they JUST KEEP REFILLING. There is a HUGE salad bar (to maybe alleviate the guilt of eating so much meat), but I ended up fast forwarding thru that to get to the good stuff.My boyfriend ordered me a caipirinha (Brazil's signature drink) with pineapple and strawberries mixed in. Sweet, but very good. Overall, Fogo de Chao was different then any other restaurant I've been too and I will definitely be returning.
5	What a wonderful experience! Yes it was pricey, but oh was it yummy! All the servers bustling around you are continuously bring you more and more food. More then you one person can consume! The salad bar was unbelievably stocked with delicious things, several kinds of delicious cheeses, cured meats and veggies! When you sit back down and they start bringing you meat it is almost overwhelming. This is how meat should always be served, one hot mouthwatering piece at a time. Our plates were never empty. Then they bring out the cheese popovers, friend bananas, creamy mashed potatoes and friend polenta! OMG! Everything was fantastic and everyone stuffed themselves to the point we all had the "meat sweats" and waddled out! I will go there for a special treat again and again!!!
4	For a first time visit the overall experience was great! The meats were cooked well, the choices were good, and the wait staff was courteous and always available. My only complaint would be that it seemed that the order in which they brought out the food was from the least expensive to the most... So they wanted you to fill up on the chicken and sirloin before they ever came out with lamb or fillets... which was disappointing - since we are a family of lamb lovers. The little sausages & chicken legs were gamey. Other than that the seasoning & flavors were great and the char cooking was tasty. The salad bar is amazing, with a huge selection of fresh fruits, veggies, salads, and other items like smoked salmon and proscuitto... fresh motzarella... mouthwatering as a meal in itself. Overall I loved it and would go back in a snap!
4	I often tell people that I'm a meat-atarian, in which case, you could basically call Fogo de Chao a magical paradise for me! This was my first visit here during AZ Restaurant Week (everything was the same on the menu - no prix fixe - it was just cheaper than it typically is by about $10). I made it my personal mission to try all of the meats on the menu and I was so close! I just missed one.. the bacon wrapped filet. I'll admit that by the end of the meal, I felt defeated and could not muster enough energy to ask the waiter to send over a guy with the bacon wrapped filet. I am okay though. I am proud to say I tried every other meat including the pork, lamb and chicken, not just the beef steaks! If you don't want to get meats, you can pay about $20-something for just the salad bar. At first before going there, I thought it would be a rip off to just pay for the salad bar, but once I saw it in person, I said, "Now I get it!" The salad bar is loaded! There was sliced deli meats, smoked salmon, chicken salads in addition to cheeses, vegetables, and of course salads themselves. If you are a true meat-atarian as one of my husband's friends is, he warned us to stay far away from the salad bar. He told us, "That is just a distraction" that fools you into getting full before the meat cuts are served. It's a pretty simple concept. Turn that coaster green and you're in meat heaven. The waiters start hovering around your table with so many choices of meats, and you just keep saying, "Yes, I'll try that" over and over again no matter what your stomach's limit is. When I went there with my in-laws, I specificially told them, "Do not eat all day," because I wanted them to be prepared for the smorgasboard. I liked the setting too. The huge room was classy yet the atmosphere felt casual. You didn't have to dress overly fancy to eat here. I felt you could still be comfortable and wear stretchy clothes if you wanted to.. You know, to fit all that food in to get your money's worth. I guess my only slight complaint was that even though I asked for alot of meats to be served medium rare - they came out as medium and medium well on alot of meats. The sirloin and lamb cuts I received were perfectly medium rare but my filet each time was on the medium well side. I didn't want to waste the meat I had though in hopes of another one after the waiter had already served me the one I had. Should I have said something? I really don't know.. I'll just be more assertive about looking for a cut that's more medium rare next time, because I'm definitely going back!
4	My husband was playing in a hockey tournament this past Memorial Day weekend in Scottsdale. He asked me to look up a nice restaurant so we could have a group dinner. Fortunately for us, Fogo was participating in Restaurant Week AND was able to accommodate our large party of 14, YAY!! I've dined at their LA location before and I've enjoyed every meal. So when I heard they were offering $40/pp during RW PLUS a free dessert (normally $48/pp and no dessert), it was too good to pass up. Everyone enjoyed their meal and we probably spent an hour just lounging around to digest. The service was great, no complaints here!
5	Three words can pretty much sum up our visit, Delicious meat coma. The sides were pretty tasty too!
5	Holy moly.  I had lunch there today.  I'm still full.  Guys dressed as gauchos come around with skewers of beef chicken and sausage... Oh and lamb.   It's a carnivorous delight. Basically all you can eat for 26 dollars so if you go, go hungry and plan to pace yourself and stay awhile. Atmosphere and service were good, dark woods, tall ceilings, crisp white linens.  Friendly and inviting staff works as a team in the table service. The gaucho outfits gave me a chuckle but to each their own the beef is good the lamb was superb and there is a salad bar ( that is also all you can handle at lunch) which was well stocked and included three different types of cheese.   No draft beer, but I did try the Brazilian black beer and it was tasty. Enjoy.   If you are a carnivore or omnivore and you like yourself... Eat here once before you shrug off this mortal coil... Or however Shakespeare said that.  ( always was better at math than English)
5	This place has to be by far one of my favorites! The different types of meat are all great. You get great service and a good variety of meats. 16 different cuts!! Not to mention you also get to try the salad bar which has the best fresh salad that's all you can eat. Let's just say you'll definitely be full afterwards. If you're a meat lover like me  this place will be your heaven! :)
5	Incredible as usual. Meats were seasoned and cooked to perfection, expensive yes, but worth every penny. The wait staff is spot on and attend to your every need.
4	Very fun and delicious.
5	WOW!  This is my first 5-star review for a restaurant.  I believe that 5th star should be held for something really special that made a place stand out.  Fogo did that for me last night.  We wanted to go to a Churrascaria for our anniversary, and being the good Yelper that I am, I read the reviews for Fogo and "the other one" which is a couple of miles from my house.  Decided, based on Yelp, to make the drive to Scottsdale.  Great decision.  I made reservations online and noted that it was my anniversary.  Got there and was seated promptly.  Since it was our first time there we got the run down on the coaster signals and the wine specials and then we were off to the salad bar.  The salad bar was good.  Not particularly large, but the selections were not your ordinary salad fair.  It had fresh mozzarella, blocks of Parmesan to shave, salmon, marinated mushrooms, asparagus.  Just great, fresh stuff of which I tried not to over do because of the meat fest I was saving myself for.  That's where the fun begins.  As soon as we flipped our coaster to green...BAM...meat was at our table in 2 seconds.  No joke.  Top sirloin, Parmesan crusted pork loin, pepper crusted lamb, fresh sausages, chicken etc.. Medium rare is medium rare, just the way I like it.  I could go on and on about how well all the meats were cooked.  Tender, juicy, FLAVOR.  For those who do not like a lot of pepper, stay away from the lamb as it is definitely pepper crusted.  I personally couldn't get enough.  Not seeing the meat you want?  Just ask a Gaucho and it will be there within minutes. The fried Polenta dusted with Mozzarella was so flippin good, I'm going to have to try it myself.   After going into protein shock I decided I was done.  My wife wanted just a little taste of chocolate mousse if they had it.  They came back with a piece of the most delicious cake I have ever had in my life on a plate that had "Happy Anniversary" drizzled out on the plate..complementary.  That was the 5th star!The price wasn't that bad, but the drinks are a bit pricey.  Dinner with 3 cocktails was $140.  That is more than worth it for a great atmosphere, friendly servers and Gaucho's, terrific food, and genuine hospitality.  This is my new go-to place for family, friends, and business colleagues.  Great job!
5	I have only eaten at one other Brazilian Steakhouse (two if you count the one in Israel...but it was a standard steakhouse...not the Brazilian model where they bring the meat to your table) and this one FAR exceeded the quality of the other. Every thing about it was top notch. Atmosphere...upscale and nice. Salad or food bar (I can't call it a salad bar because it was so much more) was stocked with high quality foods. But, the thing that you go to a Brazilian Steakhouse for is the meat....and the beef could not have been any better. Every cut was flavorful and tender. I just wish I had been hungrier. I went for lunch during their summer special and only paid $25 so at that price the value was excellent.Only complaint...don't order a soft drink. They come in VERY small bottles (10 oz I think) and they charge $3 each.
5	I would seriously recommend not eating breakfast if you get the lunch special here. Its pretty affordable at $25. I love the steak and buffet styles sides.
5	Phenomenal!!!! This was my first Brazilian Steakhouse experience and I'm definitely coming back. Love how it was an upscale restaurant but families were casually dressed so it gives you a relaxing feeling. Great salad/antipasta bar. Love the cheese selection especially the fresh mozzarella. I went back for more smoked salmon after my dinner. I was told there was 19 different types of meat options and I think i tried 15 (an amazing accomplishment in my book)! Dont think for the main course you only get a ish-load of meat. There's sides of mash potatoes, fried bananas and freid polenta served family style. I just loved their cheese puff/dinner rolls. Not overwhelmingly cheesey with enough dough to make it a dinner roll. Check out thier extensive wine list. Best way to enjoy a steak dinner is with a great glass of wine. I split a half bottle with a friend :)Reservations for dinner highly recommneded
4	My wife and I dined here on 7/19.  What an excellent dining experience.  Started off with the salad bar which was very impressive on it's own.  I had to keep reminding myself not to indulge too much on all the salad bar offerings so that I could try as many meat selections as I could handle.  Once the green light was given, the meat started coming.  All the meat offerings that I tried were excellent except for one, which is the only reason Fogo didn't get five stars from me.  The chicken breast was very dry, although I am sure that this was the exception and not the rule.  The rest of the meal was delicious which more than made up for the chicken breast.  The sides were also excellent and didn't stop coming either.  The service was friendly and attentive but not overwhelming.  We were never left wanting for anything.  And price?  More than fair.  For two dinners, three mixed drinks, a desert and a Bailys coffee it was about $175 with 18% gratuity.  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
3	For $100 I think I'd rather go to Mastro's or another steakhouse. Service here was excellent and you definitely get a wide variety of meat options, but I only found two out of the 6+ choices tasty. The lamb leg and the bacon wrapped filet were delicious but the sausages, pork, chicken, pork/beef ribs and even filet mignon were unimpressive. The salad bar a $22.50 upcharge wasn't exactly worth the price. Nothing stood out, and there wasn't anything amazing that I went back for seconds for. Sides were complimentary, which included fried polenta, mashed potatoes, and fried bananas. They were pretty good, but don't compare to the lobster mash or truffle mac and cheese as Mastro's. The ambience is definitely nice and upscale without being stuffy. Plenty of kids running around and guys with backwards facing hats on. This was my first legitimate Brazilian steakhouse experience and I think it will be my last. If  you're looking for variety go to KBBQ and you'll also leave feeling overstuffed, satisfied, and still have an extra $50 in your wallet.
5	I just recently went here with a group of family and friends. It was a phenomenal experience. The service was excellent, the presentation was beautiful and the food was just superb!The appetizer and finger food before you start your meal were delicious with no complaints! I loved the smoked salmon! I could eat that all day if I could! There were many varieties of meat that were just so mouth watering and tender. A few examples of these meat were Filet Mignon, Top and Bottom sirloin, Rib Eye, Pork Ribs, and Lamb. To think this is all you can eat as well, you can't go wrong with that! I indulged until I couldn't anymore. I mean when can you have this opportunity to keep eating these dishes with a flat rate of ONLY $40.The wine was wonderful as well. I got a nice glass of red wine to enjoy with my meat and couldn't find any complaints but enjoyments! The bar also carries a bottle of Louis the XIII!! Now that's the second time I seen the bottle, the first being in Las Vegas, NV. I would definitely come here again and recommend this to a friend to try!
3	My family and I decided to go here for my dad's 60th birthday. I was excited to try a new restaurant. The service was amazing! We had waiters and people with meat coming constantly so bravo on service. The salad bar was good but nothing spectacular for the price. I also didn't enjoy every meat option I had (I had 8 out of 12). I remember the lamb being disappointing. I left the restaurant extremely full but not extremely satisfied. I'm glad I tried it but honestly, this place isn't for me.
2	I am not sure we will ever go back. My husband and I did not have a pleasant experience. We weren't even offered all the meat they'd told us we'd get and the service was sub-par. I think we'll be spending our $100 at the Houston's across the street rather.
5	I will keep it short.Salad bar: Mediocre, not that great. But it's a bbq buffet, it shouldn't matter.Meat: Some of them were a overcooked, but they were all very delicious. Very responsive when your card is green, which is great because other places make you wait.They automatically give you fried bananas, mash potatoes and corn bread! They were okay, the bananas were delicious though!Drinks: a tiny glass bottle of coke is 3 bucks. They don't serve fountain drinks :( They had great customer service, and the cuts of meet were good. I will definietly come here during lunch...I don't think it is worth the dinner price though ($40).
3	This was my first experience with a Brazilian steakhouse and I had a great time. The fresh salad/vegetable bar was very well stocked with a great variety of fruits, vegetables, and Brazilian favorites. The meat selection as they came around was very good, but I couldn't help thinking that I saw sirloin's much more often than the more tender rib selections. Lamb was a once a night occurence, so I walked away full, but thinking I missed out.on some of the better cuts that night. In addition, when we had been there just 45 minutes there was a clear message that it was time to go. I'm not used to that an a fairly expensive restaurant, especially when we're enjoying drinks, but they needed to cycle our table. Would I go back? I think I'll have to try another Brazilian steakhouse and see if I walk away feeling the same.
4	A place Togo go to once just to try out.  Must be a red meat eater, I'm not but the salad bar was outstanding.
4	Be prepared to drop some serious cash.  $60 pp for dinner, drink and dessert.  The desserts are worth skipping, in my opinion.  They were good but not great and after all that meat eating dessert was just a flat out bad idea!  Gluttony on my part, really.  Anyway, the meats were all good and since I eat my beef well done, I frequently get dried out beef.  Not here.  However, when I think about it, I would rather have spent that money in a place with more to offer than meat.  The salad bar was fresh and good, but not amazing.  I didn't even finish my salad plate...it was just ok.  The sides were ok.  I liked it, but probably won't rush back.
5	I Just went to Fogo de Chao last night for the first time and my experience was excellent!   You have a little coaster for each person and as long as it is on the green side, the wait staff will come to your table offering you delicious meats and sausages.  They won't stop coming until you flip your coaster to red.  Flip it as many times as you want.They have an incredible salad bar selection to start with anti pasta, smoked salmon, artichoke hearts.. the best of the best!  My favorite meat was the lamb rib eye and rack, but all the meats were excellent!  They come at different temps and you can ask for med-rare, rare, well done.. they have it all!It is expensive, no lie, especially if you are drinking a glass of their huge selection of wines and they even have an alcohol cart that comes around with the good stuff!  Strawberry cheesecake to share for 3 & we still had leftovers.  It was a great experience, with great food and great service.  Oh.. and KIDS ARE WELCOME! Fancy atmosphere but you can come casual.
4	Definitely a great experience. Even if the service makes me bring it down a star, the food alone is worth 4 stars. The salad bar is amazing and the meat is tender and savory. If you're not sure about it 'cause of the price, it their lunch mon-thurs. it's about $12 cheaper and is worth the experience.
5	One of my top 2 best places I have ever experienced. My girl and I went for our first time last night for my birthday and it was an amazing experience with amazing food choices.  Definitely will be going again!
4	Went here for restaurant week, and they sure did deliver!The salad bar was RIDICULOUS- seriously, artichoke hearts, shittake mushrooms, roasted garlic! Holy cow, it was insanely good! Could do without the buffet style, but its restaurant week, so I'll give them a break.The main course was delicious. When that card is flipped to the green side, beware! They come at you quickly, offering you bacon wrapped chicken, filet mignon, garlic steak.. So much to choose from! The sausage was wonderful, as was the filet. Order on the rare side, because the steak tends to be over cooked. The desert was wonderful, but I was so full that it was quite difficult to finish it! I had the Tres Leches cake, and it definitely blew away my expectations.Just to note, they have a wonderful wine list, as well as very nice valet in front! Do visit!
5	OH MY LORD.....I have found the most amazing steakhouse ever!!!!! Actually to be completely honest and the technicalities of the story is my boyfriend found it.  How he found out, I probably will never find out anyways.  Back to Thee Food: MIND BLOWING!!!!!!  This place is so good and so worth $40 a plate.  This place makes me want to tell everyone to go for their Birthday so I have a legitimate reason to go soon.  I cannot wait to go back!! the steak is so good I do not need A1 for any slice they put on my plate.  The one thing I did not necessarily care for was the Parmesan crusted pork chop or the bacon wrapped chicken, they were both a little dry for my taste. I was also too absorbed in my delicious steak that I  was too slow to catch the guys running around with the lamb.  Lamb is pretty easy to mess up so you get that gamey type taste in your mouth if you don't marinade it correctly or don't put enough garlic.  So I was interested to see how they made theirs.You get unlimited sides as well  and bread or whatever those awesome type rolls were. I did not love the mashed potatoes much because I love my own so much more.  The plantains were my favorite and could eat those all day!  The fried polenta was a little weird but not horrible or great. Just Whatever in my opinion.A definite must go to if you have not been and love meat! You wont be dissapointed!!
3	Nothing special, great service and lots of meat. The chicken was a little dry and meat was "okay". I'm a beef connoisseur and was not impressed with price of the food compared to the quality and taste of the meat. If I pay $170 for me and the wife to eat dinner (and bottle of wine) I expect to be blown out of the water.
4	Having my party here of over 100 ppl. My mother and I came in to eat dinner to get a feel! Well what must I say? I absolutely loved it. I have on every state in America, all through Europe, Mexico, PR, Saint Thomas and Peru! I've traveled and I loved it! I'm so excited for my party! This is the most perfect place! :) The meats were all so delicious and tender! The buffet was tasteful! And I felt great the whole time!
5	Unlimited meat? UNLIMITED POWERRRR!!!!!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_DqV1xdf-Y
5	I have been to several of these located in various major cities in the US and my experience has been the same for all of them: worth every penny!Come hungry and be prepared to leave fighting for your next breath (because you are full, duh)Word of advice, be judicious with your choices at the salad bar, or you my not be able to savor each cut of meat that comes around.  For some reason, that elusive filet mignon seems to arrive when you've nearly had enough.  The salad bar is stuffed full of things that are not salad (of course it has various salads and dressings too).  Smoked salmon, Spanish Manchego cheese, and various fruits to name a few.Another thing, also do not scarf down the rolls they bring to the table the first thing you do when you sit down...they are so good you'll keep eating them.Lastly, just forget counting calories or trying to be healthy... accept the fact that this dinner is a treat and you'll work out some other time.
2	This place is much too overrated. Unlimited food doesn't really matter when the food isn't great. All of their different selections of meat have little to no flavor... it just tastes like they sprinkle salt and pepper on everything. The salad bar was like any other salad bar... nothing special. The service is great and that's why I'll give them two stars instead of one. I just don't understand what the hype is all about. A family member of mine was thinking of having her wedding reception here and after sampling the food - she changed her mind. They also said the waiters wouldn't serve the salad in the private room; everyone has to leave the room and serve their own salad... including her, in her big, fluffy wedding dress. Tacky.
5	We have been to this restaurant twice now and absolutely love it!!  The buffet is always well stocked with delicious fresh vegetables, meats and cheeses but of course the real winner is the roasted meat that is carved at your table.  All the succulent cuts are wonderfully seasoned and cut at your table by temp you like.  We had the lamb, top sirloin and ribeye and everything was perfect.  Along with the great meal is great service, everyone is there to make sure you have everything you need at all times.  Finally you have to try their cheesy biscuits they are so great!  You definitely have to try this place at least once it is amazing.
5	I was blown away by this place after my meal I sat there trying to find something negative about this place and honestly I couldn't think of anything. The food was spectacular, the meats were cooked perfectly, salad bar was full of great choices as well as quality products. The wait staff was professional and attentative before my glass would become empty a waiter was on his way with a refill and same with the meats. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
5	It just doesn't get much better! Hot, Fresh, Great Food, AWESOME Dining experience!!! All thumbs up! $50. all you can shovel in, the food just keeps comming, the service is GREAT! The salad bar....WoooHoooo, I'm Stoked! been there a lot, just wanted to take the time to let all the Yelpers know. I'll Be Back!
4	My boyfriend had raved about this place for awhile so back when Phoenix Restaurant Week rolled around and Fogo de Chao was featured as one of the participating restaurants a group of us gathered together to go experience a Brazilian steakhouse. It was packed, which was to be expected as usually this place is on the pricey side, and I think there was some problem with our reservation but it was sorted out and we were seated in short order. Now I was just here for the meat but after some prodding I decided to do a loop around the salad bar so I could say I experienced everything. Man, what a salad bar! They had everything from fruits to and veggies and the regular old salad with lots of dressing options to meats and cheeses and whatever else you could possibly want. When you're ready for the meat to come to you, you flip over a little round card that is given to every place at the table. Red means no, green means come at me boys! This signals the servers walking around with skewers of different meats to stop by and ask if you'd like a slice. The answer is always yes yes yes! I tried to try one of everything and between the chicken, steak, pork, and lamb I had a menagerie of animals on my plate. Everything was succulent and juicy and the best part was with some of the meats you could tell them how done you wanted it and they would flip to the appropriate section to slice you off a piece. There is of course a moment when a lady decides that there is simply too much meat to fit into her mouth anymore and with some reluctance I flipped my card around to red to stop my stomach from bursting. The cherry on top of this sundae was that our restaurant week flat price included a choice of one of three desserts and it was delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to those of you wanting to try something new and the price point makes it a great special occasion restaurant. (I know where I want to go on my upcoming anniversary!)
5	Very good! Great staff! Great food!
3	Expensive but excellent food. It is worth every penny you spend there. The meat just needs the right amount of salt and pepper and let the meat shine for itself. Having said that, I was also never disappointed with the service either until my very  last visit. Despite reserving a party of 20 several days before-hand, we had to wait for more than 40 minutes for our table. Personally in this situation I usually cancel my reservation and go to another restaurant, but when you have 20 people with you, it is difficult to migrate to other places and feel obligated to wait.  I know for sure that next time I come here to not  bring large parties at this place. I gave 3 stars due to poor organization, but will give 5 stars for the food.
5	Best and ONLY Brazilian restaurant in Phoenix, AZ. This is the best of the best. I'm a Brazilian so I KNOW what I'm talking about. If you like and understand Brazilian food. This is the place to try. If you never tried Brazilian food, this will be different and something you should explore. It's a buffet style restaurant. Not my favorite type of restaurant but for Brazilian food, it's perfect.This place is great for large groups. Lot's of fun! It can be nice for a couple too but you just have more fun in a group. Don't even waste time, money on another Brazilian steak house other this one.  The service is always great. We come here every other month and we enjoy it a lot. There are several little things that I could find fault on but nothing major. I just wish it was a bit cheaper so we could come more often. I think a $25 per person on weekdays and Saturdays would keep this place super busy. Anyways, it's worth it.  I really wish they would have Saturday and Sunday lunch!!! The vegetables, the salads, the entire salad bar is very fresh, authentic and everything looks good. The salads are very tasty. They offer hot side dishes once you turn your card green. The deserts are very good too. However, I like to get my cannoli fix at Pomo Pizzeria across Fogo for desert. The food really does look appetizing. The  beans could be better though, that's my only complain. Also, I wish they had refills on soda, since they are so expensive. My favorite drink is the lemonade, I love it! They offer refils for the lemonade! However, $5 is a bit too much for a lemonade, $3 would have been reasonably priced.Kids under 9, I think don't pay. It's great for kids and very healthy food. My son has Celiac Disease and he can eat lots of items here. He loves the polenta and cheese bread. We have eaten here many times and my son never ever got sick or cross contaminated. Lots of dairy free options as well. A good place for allergy folks! Love the meat! I'm hungry now....
2	My wife and I have frequented this restaurant a number of times and had grown to love this place. But yesterday's experience will be our last.I had made an on-line reservation, and in the request comments of their website I specified that I was bringing my wife for dinner to celebrate her birthday on 12/12/12 (date of our reservation).  We walked in about 10 minutes early, I specified who the reservation was for and we walked right in. At the time (6PM), the restaurant was still empty (it was more than half full by the time we left, about 60 minutes later).  The food is always top notch at Fogo de Chao. The salad bar (especially the smoked salmon, various cheeses and sun dried tomatos are some of our favorites) is well stocked with specialty items.The meats are always excellent and the diversity offered is the main attractive element of this place.  So where did things start to go wrong for us?I should mention that we accompanied dinner with a couple of glasses of sparkling wine.  Things started going downhill when our glasses were empty. Both my wife and I were not in a drinking mood, and so, at the first instance of being asked whether we desired more wine, we respectfully declined.  Less than 30 seconds later we were asked again, by a different waiter - this time we thought it was kind of funny to have so much attention paid to us (and we figured that since I had mentioned it was my wife's birthday, they wanted to pay a little extra care to our table), but we declined again.  Not more than 30 seconds later, a different waiter comes by again and asks us the exact same question.  Now it was downright annoying.  Not more than 1 minute later, we received the precise exact question.  My answer this time was more curt, "We do not want any more wine." Fortunately, they did not come back a 5th time.I have noticed that there is little comminucation among the service staff at Fogo de Chao.  The right hand rarely knows what the left hand is doing.At this point we had concluded our dinner and the waiter had removed our plates. I was expcting a little slice of birthday cake with a candle to drop by any second. Instead, the waiter comes by with our check.  I was upset at this turn of events.  We're not at In-N-Out here paying $10 for a couple of burgers, and was taken aback that apparently nobody had read my reservation comments - what is the point of including such comments?I went to the front desk and told the hostess that I was disappointed that Fogo de Chao could not even acknowledge my request. I was asked what my name was and I specified the name of my reservation.  I was told, "I'm sorry but I just forgot", was the reply.  Really? So I'm spending well over $100 (including drinks) and the reply that I receive is "I'm sorry but I forgot?".The hostess then asked what table we were at, and mentioned that they would be bringing something by very soon. We waited for 10 minutes and decided to just pay our bill as bothof us wanted to get out of there. Finally, a different waiter came by with a slice of cake, apologizing for the hostess (again with the "she forgot" commentary) with a candle for my wife.It is the little things that make such a dinner memorable. Fogo de Chao completely dropped the ball, in my opinion.  They did remove our drinks from the bill, but instead left a sour taste in our mouths.  Asking us 4 times, within a 2 minute interval, if we want more wine is more important to them than paying attention to the small but crucially significant details that make a birthday dinner special.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. If u like steak this place is heaven! Took my girlfriend for dinner here and we both loved it. The waiters were extremely nice, and they even went back and specially brought us back a steak the way we liked it. Place is very authentic no complaints whatsoever love it love it love it. Little expensive but its worth every penny! Im hungry just talking about it
1	We had an disappointing experience at Fogo de Chao earlier this week that was so bad that I am writing my first restaurant review. In celebration of  my son's graduation from college, I selected Fogo de Chao over a more moderately priced Chandler Blvd. Brazilian restaurant. Wrong choice.The food was good but the service was so poor that it would almost be laughable if we hadn't been personally affected. The service was initially good(although everyone seemed to be pressing the purchase of a particular wine on "special"), but rapidly deteriorated to the point where we could not get anyone's attention to fill water glasses, etc. A dangerous blunder capped everything off. The wait staff lost my credit card and no one could find it. After 20-plus minutes of waiting, we were getting increasingly nervous about the location of the card - particularly as first a manager came by to ask me for its last 4 digits in order to see if it had been run followed by someone else who asked if we recalled which member of the wait staff had picked it up. The Service Manager finally informed us that they had located my card which had apparently been left on a service table. The Service Manager was evidently Service Manager in title only with no real authority to correct problems. Misplacement of a credit card is a large, dangerous gaffe that should not occur in a quality restaurant. Given that it did occur, it should have been addressed in a professional manner beyond a mere "we're sorry" followed by a group of waitors with their heads down when we left.What was a special occasion for our family became a very unpleasant one due to Fogo de Chao's poor service followed by unprofessional management response. We don't live in Phoenix, so may not have been back to Fogo de Chao anyways, but our unpleasant experience certainly clinched that decision in a major way.
5	Unlimited steak!  Yes this place is a dream come true, although it is an expensive dream, it is worth every penny.  If your going to buckle down and spend a few bucks, I would highly recommend Fogo de Chao.  Once you are seated, there is no wait, the food comes immediately.  Filet Mignon, Parmesan Pork, Top or Bottom sirloin (Yes there is a bottom sirloin), Rib eye, etc.  They bring you steak until you can't eat anymore.  They also bring you unlimited mash potatoes, cheesy bread, and fried bananas.  Not only is the food top notch, the service is a well.  I don't think i've ever been there and had a rude or incompetent server.  I don't think i've ever left with out a bulging belly, and a food coma!
5	Ribeye was the clear winner here, seasoned tender and juicy medium rare. Have a shot of Veev(acai berry alcohol) and let it all digest! Yum
5	If you like fine dinning then you will love this place...they walk around with all different kinds of cuts of meat and chicken ect... If ur full flip this card they give you that is red on one side for stop and green for keep the food coming and you WILL be impressed...service was beyond exceptional I couldn't help but to be blown away, very unique place
2	I recently visited Arizona and really wanted to go to a brazillian steakhouse. Having gone to Fogo when it first opened, I really wanted to go again.First, when we got there. We sat immediately. We also had meats en route to us not 30 seconds later. This was very nice.Sadly, our drink orders were forgot about. Along with that, all the meats were very bland and were nothing special. 50 dollars a plate was about 35 dollars too much. I have even been to the Fogo De Chao in Las Vegas. That restaurant was far superior to this one. I feel like they just don't care as much at this location.
5	Three words for you...MEAT ON SWORDS!When you first arrive, they seat you to the table and explain the epicness that is about to ensue... First you take a trip to a salad bar.. oh no no my friend, do not turn your nose up at this "salad bar"... they have freshly made mozzerella, smoked salmon, asparagus... the salad bar is amazing. After you have your fill of the delicious mozerella and ripe tomatoes... the meat feast begins! Guys walk briskly around the restaurant with giant swords of meat.. yes... GIANT SWORDS OF MEAT. If they see your card is on green, they slice you off a big ole chunk of whatever meat you would like. I suggest the lamb, it is amazing.. every piece of meat i tried there was mouth watering and cooked to perfection. I have never been so full my entire life... This is a great place to celebrate your anniversary, or take that special someone out.
2	VERY Disappointing Experience!Been to several Fogos across the country and have always been pleased. Been to this one before and was also pleased THAT LAST TIME!!! - NEVER AGAIN!!!The greatest difference I saw on my recent visit, was that they are cramming more seats in the space than should be. In fact, it may even be at over capacity for safety... I KNOW it's over capacity for decent SERVICE!We were seated for our 7pm reservation, promptly; however we had to weave our way through the many too close tables to get to ours, which was right next to a server station... Not a problem,,, this will insure good service!  ...NOT!!!We were greeted quickly, and our two guests had the "how it works" info presented... when we saw a slight break in the masses, we began at the salad bar. While I don't like the serve yourself experience, it is a great starter/first course buffet, with interesting selections. HOWEVER... bring your pads and helmets!! The masses attack!!!  Within seconds, the waaaaay too many tables of hungry customers attack the line... pushing, invading your space, reaching in front of you to get their asparagus, dressing, etc. It's NOT a pleasant experience, ESPECIALLY, when you're paying high dollars for a dining experience!The customer etiquette is not the restaurant's fault; however, packing too many people in... IS!!  They are putting their short term profits in front of their customer's experience!  It's NOT going to work... for the longterm!In addition, the server's rushing and bumbling pace was stressful and exhausting! Again, they were all rushing around to try to meet the needs of the waaaaaay too many tables crammed into the space.After our First course, we flipped the coaster to GO. Other visits, the many server/chefs come to carve off some delectable meats. This time, we have only 3 or 4 visit our table... the meats were great, but where was the chicken, the prime rib, the sirloin, the lamb.. It wasn't until later we realized we hadn't had many selections.After we had finished... we waited....and waited... and waited for a simple "how was your meal?" Or... "would you care for any desert?" Or... a "can I get you anything else?" or even an acknowledgement that we even existed! I finally stopped a "blue shirt" (manager wannabe?) rushing by... told him that we were feeling ignored and that "no one would talk to us".His response: "I'll talk to you... What do you want to talk about... The weather?"Normally I would have kicked his ass with this smart assed remark; however, it took me by surprise! I was stunned, embarrassed  and speechless! Our guests asked for coffee and he ran off... never to be seen again. Coffee showed by someone else and we asked for our bill and left.Again... Food excellent... Atmosphere is LOUD and CRAMPED... Service sucks and the "blue shirt", manager wannabe, needs his ass kicked! NOT going back and recommend that you don't until they start putting their customer's experience in front of their rush - rush, pack  'em in and move 'em out" attitude.
5	I absolutely loved this place, ate so much I felt sick the next day and didn't need to eat until the next evening.  We came near the end of the evening, about 8ish. Some of the meats they didn't bring around, but if you requested them they cooked a skewer to get it for you. The lamb t-bones were unbelievable, each bite was a small orgasm in the mouth. The filet Mignon varied, the first skewer was excellent the second one they brought around was still good and tender but not as good as the first. The bacon wrapped filet was delicious as well each time they brought it around.Definitely an experience worth repeating!
5	MEATFEST!  MEATFEST!place was clean, service was excellent.  did I mention MEATFEST!we didn't drink and bill was $149 WITH tip for 2 people....they had an awesome salad bar, TONS of MEAT, and they just kept coming, and coming, and coming.....I couldn't get them to let me eat it right off the stick, despite it being my anniversary.Best. MEATFEST. EVER.
4	The food is great, the atmosphere is fancy and it's a lot of  fun to go to! HOWEVER the service here sucks! We only saw our waiter twice, the first when he took our drink order and the last when he dropped off the check... he never checked up on us, and every time we needed something we had to stop another server which was annoying. Anyways, yes it's delicious but I probably won't come back for a while. $50/person (not including drinks and tax) plus dessert (we got a creme brulet, IT WAS SO GOOD) is way too much especially when you have to tip a server who gave you no service.
5	Great service!!!! Customer Service manager Ryan was awesome! Will defiantly bring a group back : )
1	My husband and I went here last night and it was absolutely disgusting. To the point he literally had to spit his food out it was so fatty. Half of my plate was the scrappings of fat I had to trim off my pieces of meat. The salad bar had nothing to choose from other then cold veggies and hard rice. I was at Texas de Brazil in Chicago last week and for the exact same price you had triple the salad/ buffet bar, great meat vs this disgusting cheap cuts of meat offered here and even though everyone here was very nice, it took forever to get drinks, refills, and we had to ask for someone to clear our plates after an hour of being there. I will never be back and its a shame because theses places are normally wonderful.
2	This started as a 3 paragraph review of the restaurant, but I wanted to just review what our experience was for the night we went. We went on Valentines day and it was very crowded. There was a line out the door and down the sidewalk for everyone, reservations or not. I verified that they were accepting walk-ins and indeed they were. Had there not been a line for people with reservations, I don't think this would have been a big deal.The salad bar, gauchos, and meats were amazing, but the level of service and execution for this nights event left a lot to be desired. With 2 full meal services and 8 drinks, the total with tip came out to about $240. At $11-12 a drink, and having only seen our waiter 3 times over the 2 hours we were there, this was grossly disproportionate in expectation. Fogo had sent out a promotional email on the 8th offering a meal comp for making reservations for Valentines (14th-16th). In retrospect I should have avoided this window of opportunity and went any other time. Our prior visit to Fogo was exceptional, without question. But between the reservations line, poor landscaping in front of the building, being crammed in like sardines, the screaming kids, and the diner behind our table coughing on one of the Gauchos meat skewers, this was just extra icing on a less than stellar cake. I wanted this to be at least a 3 if not 4 star review, but service and execution really made this a let down, experience wise. With that, I'm right back to where I started an hour ago. Still 3 paragraphs.
4	We came for valentines day and it's crazy busy all the time!!! Great food but we waited 20 min for our check so the server brought us two free dinner gift cards!!!! Amazing way to over make right what's been done wrong... Slow service at the end to get our check was more than compensated for and we will for sure come back again
1	Being married to a meat and potatoes kinda guy, I thought booking dinner for Valentine's Day at Fogo de Chao would be a huge treat.  It turned out to be a huge disappointment.  We went last night and will never go back.We were seated promptly, way in a back corner...about as far from the salad bar as you can get.  This place is packed with tables.  You literally have to stand and wait as servers and other customers weave through the tables.  I found it strange that staff didn't let customers pass first - they blew by customers as if we didn't exist.  We were seated and got the lowdown on how it all worked.  We were excited to be there and dig into the amazing salad bar and try the different meat choices.  Our trip to the salad bar was chaotic.  The line was going every which way and people were reaching over each other to get to the different selections. Everything on the salad bar was fresh, the presentation was nice but what a hassle!We were given some rolls which were odd.  Soft, undercooked dough filled with some sort of cheese.  I can eat some bread, but the texture of this stuff was just not right.The meat...honestly, I'm not much of a carnivore, but even my husband was far from impressed.  All of it was dry and so salty that we were reaching for our water glasses constantly.  The service was what was really odd.  The skewer guys would show up in our section in such a rush that they missed our table (and others) most of the time.  You have to wave them down or ask passing busboys to get service.  By the time the pork ribs and rib eye came around (after my husband spoke to our server about the lack of service) all of the sides were cold and we were just over it and full from the massive amount of water we had to drink.We are not tough to please people.  We don't do pricey restaurants often and were really looking forward to having a fun experience at Fogo.  I regret booking our Valentines dinner at this strange, silly place.  Should have gone with my first instinct and headed to Durant's for  tried and true great food and perfect service.  Live and learn.
4	We went last night and boy was this placed packed!  I'm sure it was because of the past Valentine's Day holiday many were celebrating the weekend of.  We got sat and the dining room is organized so tight I was squeezing by people to get through.  It was almost like a cafeteria it felt that tight. There were linens on the table but still had the "feed the masses" effect.  The salad bar was very yummy and in the beginning our meats took a while to come even though we had our "green" card flipped ready to eat.  I was getting bigger cuts of meat than Travis so we would trade when the servers left.  The meats were all VERY tasty and cooked fantastic!!  (We had been to the Brazilian Bull in the past which grossed me out so bad it was horrible) This experience left us VERY FULL and we had a food coma after wards.  Didn't get dessert... TOO FULL.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place.  My boyfriend and I were in Phoenix visiting family and decided to try a Brazilian steakhouse.  Wow - I'm glad we did.  First and foremost, the food was INCREDIBLE!  The salad bar was one like none other I've ever had.  The meat does not stop coming (I especially loved the garlic beef).  I couldn't get enough of the bread and polenta.  As good as the food was -- the service was even better.  Every single person we interacted with was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable -- from the hostess to the bussers to the gauchos (the new word I learned for 'meat cowboy') to the manager checkin in.  There was a bit of a wait, but worth every second.  We will definitely come back when we are in town again.  Why isn't there a Fogo where we live in Michigan???
5	Everything I have to say about Fogo de Chao, in Scottsdale is 100% amazing!I have been to 4 different Fogo chains. This one is by far the best.The service, impeccable.The food, perfect and consistent.The price... Who cares?!?!!I have been to this location close to 20 times and every time, Pure Gold!!!
4	This is a usual Brazilian steakhouse. It's very upscale. Don't fill up on the salad bar though, because once you turn over your coaster from red to green, your place will be FULL of succulent meats from tasty animals! Chicken, beef, lamb, pork OH MY! Make sure you are good and hungry before arriving. All of the cuts of meat could be cooked the way you want it (rare-well). We went here to celebrate my boyfriend's college graduation and the servers brought him out a fancy and free dessert. You can get all the good cuts of meat and salad bar at lunchtime for less money than dinner time. This place is pretty cut and dry. Nothing special except the flavor of the meat, though for that only, I give it 4 stars.
5	Amazing meat, and fun atmosphere! I loved how you can just flip a card over and then you are just flooooded with people giving you different delicious meats in your face. Had our business Christmas dinner here, back in December and it was perfect. The sides were also amazing (mashed potatoes - YUM!) Definitely give this place a try if you have room to stretch your stomach.
4	We took company from CA here because they are big meat eaters - we are not - but heard about the great salad bar and were not disappointed there - it was wonderful.  Our CA company loved the fun of it and the food and the experience.  We would take company again although it is too much for hubby and me - we are not meat eaters - we did try the chicken wit our salad bar and enjoyed that - tasty - we are normally fish eaters.  I do suggest a try if you want something different.  The service was good - somebody at the table all the time - the side dished okay but not memorable to me.  The salad bar I will remember - thank you.We did think it was odd they did not come by and ask us if we wanted dessert or coffee at the end of the meal - we almost always have a coffee - maybe the four of us would have split a dessert to celebrate a little but we were handed the bill and her hubby paid before I realized what happened - that seemed rushed - with no menu and no one else appearing to have dessert or coffee that may be the way it is.  Thanks for an overall fun experience - our company was happy.
2	Friends took us there last night and all of us left fairly annoyed.  Admittedly it was very crowded but at $75 - $100 (after tax, tip, etc.) a person, they should be able to staff accordingly.  They sat our group of 8 in a back corner.  It looked like some sort of conference room as there was a projection screen above our head.   We sat and ordered drinks fairly quickly and then were directed to the salad bar to get started.  The salad bar was decent, however, the grilled vegetables were either overcooked and mushy or not cooked long enough.   The other items were more than decent...in all fairness.   Now for the meat.   They give you these little table markers which indicate to the servers when you are ready to try the meat selections.   It started off with a vengeance of servers coming to us to offer their wares.  However, after the first wave and only having tried a few items of what the restaurant offers - no one came.  We kept having to ask over and over to send someone with the other items and we kept getting the same meats offered to us.  So needless to say there were huge gaps in between our meal, all of the sides got cold, we had to ask for water a few times, no one came to check our bread...Coffee refill took over 10 minutes.   We were forced to leave a $70 tip due to policy but really we were borderline outraged.  Our poor friends that brought us were so embarrassed and angry.  It was a special occasion.  Living in this area - we have hundreds of fine dining choices.  Next time, we will try one of the others.   By the way, the meats themselves were hit and miss.  Some were over salty, some fatty, some over-charred, some perfect.  Ambiance is very nice though.  $500 tab - not worth it.C.L.Gilbert, AZ
4	Treated my friend here yesterday for a birthday lunch. The salad bar was great, the cuts of meat were mostly amazing, and for most of it, the service wasn't too shabby either. In my opinion the lamb t-bone, small chicken legs, and bacon wrapped filets were the best of the meat they brought around. Other cuts ranged from "great" to "dry". And boy did they bring around they meats. I was a little worried that going there for late lunch they'd have a limited selection, or stuff wouldn't be as hot & fresh, but that's not something you should worry about. The only thing keeping this from being a 5 star review was the service at the end. The check never came, and we had to flag someone down - which by itself is a passable offense - but also, I made a special comment when booking online that I was taking my friend out for his birthday and they never made any mention of it, which was extremely disappointing. I even saw a sticky note when we were being seated that said, "note: BDAY!"I don't know if either of us could have handled dessert had they offered, but they could have offered him a drink on the house or something. Or at least said "enjoy your birthday."Loved the meal, was sad for it to end on a disappointing note.
4	"Where do you want to go for your birthday?""That place with meat on swords!"... Said the manly carnivore that I call my boyfriend.Fogo totally lived up to the hype and was for sure a unique dinner. The salad bar is epic in proportions. It's the size of my living room and family room together in length, multiplied by 2 because there's food on both sides. There were at least 10 things that I had no idea what they even were, but they were delicious vegetables or cheeses of some sort. There is a freaking barrel of parmesan cheese that you saw off a hunk yourself, for God's sake. It's amazing. I could have been happy with just the salad bar.Then the meat. Yes, it really comes around on huge sword-like knives, and they cut you off a hunk of at your chosen temperature. I only sampled the top sirloin, rib eye and filet mignon (sad, I know), but Carnivore McGee got through 13/16 meats and by my calculations, ate over a pound and a half of meat. It was all delicious by his standards. Ladies, if you want to entertain yourself at dinner, bring your man to Fogo and watch him go from blissful looks to saying "Must... eat... just one more piece!" and struggling to force himself to wave away the servers.The service was great too; we had no problems as some others did. There are a couple waiters who are actual waiters and manage drinks and checks and such, and there was always one of them within eyesight. The meat never stopped coming either, it was continuous throughout the hour we spent on that course. One of the meat servers (he's got thick wavy black hair and an accent) was a total sweetheart and chatted to me about how I liked my cocktail (one of their Brazilian sugar cane liquor ones) and educated my boyfriend on the 3 different cuts of lamb, and even ran back to the kitchen specifically to get him a sword of one of them. THAT was wonderful service.Oh, and to take the mystery out of the prices (they don't list them... anywhere... "If you have to ask, you can't afford it"), here you all go:  $29.95/person at lunch, $49.95/person at dinner. Tip: Be careful with the Caipirhinia cocktails; they are extremely strong, and they are $13.50 a pop. Some sticker shock ensued with that one when I got the bill!
5	The best!  If you haven't eaten here, you must.
3	Definitely an adventure in dining and the food was very good, although some of the meat was inconsistent - one piece good, another of the same type not as good. The service, however, was spotty. Took forever to come back for our wine order, then brought the wrong bottle and we had to ask 3 times for a beer we'd ordered at the same time. It does seem to be a spot for baseball players to hang out during spring training, so you might spot someone and our waiter was helpful in pointing out who was there last night. But, you have to eat a LOT of beef to get your $55 worth here, so not sure I'd go back.
4	This was my first trip to Fogo de Chao, and it met my expectations. I was a little nervous because the main idea behind the restaurant is basically "all the meat you can eat", and I don't typically eat very much meat. I also knew going in that it would be pretty spendy, and Fogo met that expectation as well.Don't expect a menu; you won't get one. Instead, you get a "guide" to the meat that will be delivered to your table via gaucho-wearing servers in blue embroidered button-downs (interesting combo, but hey- how else will you combine the traditional Brazilian concept with Scottsdale professionalism?).And the meat just keeps coming! Flip your coaster from red to green to signal the gauchos that you need meat. Need a break to breathe, stretch, unbutton? No problem! Flip the ol' coaster back to red and they leave you alone for a bit.The salad bar is a nice addition to a seriously protein-heavy (non?) menu. That definitely helped me, since I don't eat red meat on a regular basis; I was able to pace myself a little better by starting with the salad (fyi: mix the ranch dressing with the basil sauce. Amazing.).The restaurant space is HUGE and loud. It's very difficult to have a conversation, and when you have your green coaster showing, the gauchos are constantly visiting your table.We made a reservation because Fogo was crazy busy with spring training crowds in town. We arrived early, sat in the bar for almost an hour, and when I checked with the hostess, apparently they 'tried' to buzz us on the little flashy-thingy, but it didn't work, so they gave our table away! We did get seated almost immediately following that, and our drinks were comped, so it was taken care of very well.I'll be going back here, but probably in a year or so; it's really expensive and it's a TON of meat, but it was amazing food.Selections to try: the bacon-wrapped filet mignon was so moist and flavorful! Make sure you get some of the cheeses and prosciutto from the salad bar, and definitely mix the ranch and basil dressings- to die for!
4	Don't fill up on the Salad Bar.  These are great words of wisdom that a friend gave to me many years ago before I went to the Fogo de Chao in Washington D.C.  Good advice.  I eat my salad after the meat.Meat is the main reason to go to Fogo de Chao.  And it was not disappointing.  But, be sure to vocalize what you want.  Tell the individual with the large sword of meat that you prefer yours Rare or medium rare or burnt.  They will find that for you and bring it to you.  Here it was no exception.  My one complaint was that we ordered a magnum of wine off of the wine list.  After a few minutes, the waiter came over and said they were out of that magnum but here was another that was equally as good.  I asked if the price was the same.  No he answered.  It was $50 more.  I called over the manager, Ryan, to complain.  Ryan admitted that they had been out of that bottle for over a week.  He did not have an answer as to why they couldn't have printed up a new wine list with their laser printer.  And Ryan was somewhat offended when I told him I felt like they were trying to up sell me the other bottle of wine when they didn't offer it to us at the price of the wine that they didn't have.  That said, after Ryan and I discussed the matter we were able to work out an acceptable resolution.  But really, in this day and age of computer inventory and laser printers, can't you have a wine list that is up to date? That said, we had a great meal.  Meat delivered the way we like it and a cool refreshing salad at the end.  Perfect!Thank you for a great dinner.  We look forward to your new San Diego location.
5	Awesome! that's all I got to say.
2	The food is actually three star or maybe a bit better, and the ambience is okay.  The problems:1.  Very expensive for what you get.2.  A wait staff that hounds you to death.I've been to a number of Brazilian steak houses, where they bring skewers of meats to your table and you ask for pieces of the ones you want.  You can eat until you are stuffed.  There is also a salad bar which has about 30 items, most of them high end and of good quality (such as fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, heart of palm, etc.).  They bring bread, fried bananas, mashed potatoes, and fried polenta to your table.  But mostly its about the meat.Fogo de Chao has about ten varieties, including filet mignon, top and bottom sirloin, a couple of lamb cuts, bacon wrapped chicken, etc.  If you don't like your meat medium rare, you will have to ask them to cook you something (which they will do).  In general, the meats are ok, but pretty much without sauce and seasoned with salt and pepper.  In short, not great.  The experience might still rate 4 stars, disregarding the price, if it weren't for the servers.Fogo de Chao gives you a disk, red on one side and green on the other.  When you want the meat servers to stop by your table, you turn yours to the green side.  If you are not constantly eating, within about 33 seconds, a waiter will pop over and ask if you he can get you something that they haven't brought out in the last two minutes.  This is very nice -- well, it's nice the first six times, but then it gets obvious that they are rushing you.  If you sit around to digest your food, you might eat more.  Heaven forbid!In any case, $50 just for the buffet and meat is stiff, and the food needs to be really good to warrant it.  It just isn't.
4	This restaurant is located by My sister's Closet in North Scottsdale. This is the typical Brazilian steakhouse, except there's no grilled pineapple! I was greatly disappointed. Nevertheless, I did enjoy the display of circling skewered meat. My top favorites are the house special, the pork sausage and the garlic sirloin. Other than the parade of delicious meat, there is also the salad bar. Even though I enjoyed the different cuts of meat, after I've stuffed myself, I can't recall what I've ingested. If you're ready to be stuffed and experience food amnesia, this is the place to go.
5	Amazing Salad and Grilled Veggie Bar and as well as the most amazing tender meat on skewers- sliced fresh and hot in front of you. The most amazing fried polenta, the most amazing mini popovers, and fried bananas.. Don't walk but run to Fogo de Chao... lunch or dinner is  the best meal and great service!
2	I just don't get it.This is your classic Brazilian steakhouse type joint.  I think they are all kind of the same.  I will say the service staff and salad bar at this location are top notch.  The salad bar has several options and does not have any of the mess associated with your usual salad bar at restaurants.  Reservations for dinner are pretty much a must but while we were there I saw a little of everything in terms of dress.  Don't feel like you have to get dressed to the 9's at this place if you are not up for it.  The meat is good but after a while it all sounds and starts to taste the same to me.  At a little over $50 bucs per head it can get expensive quick.  I have no issue paying over a hundred dollars for my wife and I to eat out but for a buffet.  Not for this guy.
3	Have always loved this place, but the last visit could have been a lot better. The meat was over cooked and the service below par. The tres leches was to die for though!
2	Something about this place just doesn't have me excited to go back. The salad bar is what I would expect at that price point - but nothing too over the top. Obviously most people come for the meat...yes the variety is awesome, but the meat is great to so-so to poor. We had an abundance of their least quality steak coming around as well as bacon wrapped dry chicken! In over an hour we only saw many of the meats once. I asked politely three times for the ribs, and after 20 minutes of waiting I gave up. I felt scammed - the pork loin was incredibly dry and a lot of the steak reminded me of zoo animal smells. How many times do we have to say NO to the sausage? I realize it's their cheap filler, but c'mon...The highlight of the night was the filet, ribs (beef), chicken, the bread, polenta, and the mozzarella. It was nice leaving full, but I'd rather grill at home next time!
3	I will start this review by stating that buffet, mass feeding type restaurants are not really my scene. If they were I would have given this a better star rating. By no means did I not enjoy myself, just not my type of place. We were greeted with a very friendly host which can sometimes be challenging at Scottsdale establishments. We were seated very promptly at a table alongside the wall. I noticed that the windows are very high so you can't look outside unless you are taller. Not a deal breaker just interesting style of architecture with the builder.The gentleman that came and explained the process of putting the green and red cards to start/stop the meat being brought around seemed rushed in his explanation and I had a hard time understanding exactly what he was saying because he spoke so quickly. My best friend and I got up and survey and take in the salad bar. Nothing spectacular. I did find the potato salad was very good, and had some ingredient that made it pop a little more than your regular potato salad. The apple salad was very good too. I enjoyed a little bit of the cheese. The artichoke heart was very salty and not really my bag. If I knew that sides were going to be brought to the table as soon as we turned our cards to green I would have not even hit the salad bar. The little round rolls they brought to the table reminded me of a favorite South American roll my stepmother always makes when I visit. These were much lighter though, almost cream puff texture. They were addictive! The cuts of meat were all very good. I personally don't really eat meat so my stomach became quite full very quickly. I did notice that they came around very efficiently making sure we had plenty of meat. Our sides were replenished a few times when there was still quite a bit left. I thought this was a bit on the wasteful side as the food is thrown out, but that's just me. I think this would be a great place to take a large group because it's fun and interactive. For dinner with just my friend and I it felt a little gimmicky but all of the servers and everyone working was very nice.
5	Went again yesterday. I would give 10 stars if I could. Best service. Best food.
2	Service was much less than expected.
5	This place is the best. They really set the bar. Food and service are amazing. Yes it's costly but you need to do it! Loved every bite!
3	Went here for Mother's Day...meal was fantastic...a beef lovers dream come true!  the salad bar was nice, too.  Bartender was exceptional...everything was going great until we went for a trip to the salad bar and  almost tripped over someone with his BARE feet out in the aisle.  disgusting!  told the manager who did go over and tell the person to put his shoes on.  My complaint was with the manager's nonchalant attitude about it...as if everyone does that...no big deal.  I would give the restaurant another two stars but had to knock them down for the mgr's demeanor.
4	Meat.  A whole lot of meat.  Is there really anything else I need to say?  Vegetarians and vegans may just want to skip this restaurant.For those unfamiliar with the concept.  Fogo de Chao is like a buffet that comes to you.  For about $50, servers on carts move about the restaurant and will serve you a cut of whatever they are carrying.  It's not the best or most seasoned cuts you will ever consume, but you will not leave dissatisfied or hungry.  There is also a pretty big "salad bar" that will get some greens and starches on your plate, but it's really not all that great.Fogo also caters well to bigger groups.  My party of 15 had no problem being promptly seated (with some arriving well before our reservation) and served.  I highly recommend dining at Fogo with a group of carnivores when you have something to celebrate.
5	Great place, great food!
4	I write this review with the disclaimer that I'm barely a carnivore.  I'm super picky about the meat I consume (mostly that it does not qualify as "weird") and am not very flesh-venturous.  The restaurant is beautifully appointed.  While we did not sit at the bar, it looks like a great place to enjoy a happy hour.  The dining area is large and open.  As we weaved our way around the tables to the "salad" bar, it had the feel of a large wedding venue.The salad bar was extremely varied and nice deviation from the near constant processional of meat.  There was a small salad section but many other choices - fresh mozzarella, potato salad, olives and a number of other goodies.  The yucca bread and polenta fries were fabulous.    The drinks were tasty (they make a mean caipirinha) albeit overpriced (which is to say, Scottsdale-priced).  Desserts ranged from tasty to average.  The flan and tres leches cake were well received.  The cheesecake was tasty but could have come from Costco.  I noticed they had a location in Sao Paulo, Brazil so I mentioned to a friend that we had gone there.  He had been to the Brazil location and said it was the best churrascaria he'd ever had.  So, Fogo is definitely the real deal in terms of Brazilian steakhouses.  My gentle constitution protested the next day from about 3 weeks worth of meat consumption in a few mere hours, but as I said, I'm barely a carnivore.
4	I had always wanted to try Fogo and I saw that they were on the list for AZ Restaurant Week so I made a reservation for 3 and never looked back. I arrived first and the rest of our party was running late so I was offered a seat at the bar and looked over the menu while my friends joined me. I was asked by staff passing a few times if I needed anything and was eventually brought out a basket of fresh bread while I waited. Once we were seated, our server gave us the run down and we made our way to the salad bar. It was sizable, but not as huge as I expected. Knowing what was ahead of me, I just sampled a few things, all of which were very fresh. I was more than ready to start with the meats. Lots and lots of meats everywhere you looked. My favorites were the parmesan crusted pork and garlic beef. The servers were very kind, offering numerous times to go back for a different cut or cook of meat if we wanted. The sides were also good, loved the mashed potatoes and crispy polenta. I do wish they had bigger containers of the sides as they were quickly gone. I had a caipirinha in the spirit of things, which was a great drink. We ended the meal with dessert, the cheesecake was rich and delicious. It is definitely a special occasion type of place, but I would absolutely recommend it to others and will keep it on my short list for when I win the lotto :)
3	My previous experience was fantastic at a Brazilian steakhouse called Texas de Brazil I went to on business travel in Tampa, Florida. With that experience in mind, I expected to have a similar experience and the leading Brazilian steakhouse Fogo de Chao; however, I was let down by the atmosphere, food, and salad bar.  Atmosphere: Tables are very close together, especially the salad bar area which is very cramped. The layout is very broken and I expected more for a $$$ restaurant. There just isn't much energy, and it felt like a quiet family sit-down restaurant.  Service: They move to fast and need to do a better job announcing the type of meat being carried around. Maybe it would be better to have tags/labels on the tops of the meat spits as they carry it around. Often, my card is on red waiting for a specific cut of meat; however, they move so fast you don't have an option to flip your card before the cut of meat you want is gone.  Food: Wasn't impressive. It is under-seasoned even when using basic seasoning. Regarding the selection, I have to compare it to Texas de Brazil who did a much better job circulating different cuts of meat - mixing up top shelf beef cuts. Fogo de Chao circulated flank steak and top sirloin about 3 to 1, arguably to fill you up on lesser cuts - I didn't even see Ribeye which is insane. The salad bar was also very unimpressive. My wife doesn't eat a lot of meat, and for $22 you can just order the salad bar which I expected to be much better.  For the price I would have much rather spent my money at Ruth Chris, Fleming's, Morton's, or Capital Grill and get a much better cut of meat.
3	If you want the meat to keep coming all night, then this is the place for you ;)  I couldn't handle it all, I ended up taking a bite of everything so I could try it all, but ended up wasting a lot of meat.  The cheese rolls are to die for.
4	Service was friendly, food was good but arrived really late. I would still recommend this place because I loved the food.
3	Overpriced. Meat is what they do. They constantly bring by different meats so you won't go hungry. The portions though are so small, I doubt very many people ever get their moneys worth. Oh well. The service is good but not good enough for the price you pay. For the money, I'd rather go to a  good steak house.
5	Fogo de Chao reaffirmed that I love meat. Thank you so freaking much!I will say that the integrated Yelp reservation system does wonders, I highly recommend it.The meal comes in two phases: salad bar and served meat. You'll get some side dishes, and meat carvers will come to your table to offer you various cuts and cooking temperatures. They actually carve a different part of the meat block depending what you want, which I thought was really cool. Technically they're only supposed to come when the card they give you is green instead of red, but they came nonstop anyways and I love them for it.Keep in mind with this high end service and variety of meats the meal will be somewhat expensive, around the $50 range. However, if you haven't gone I suggest you do, because this sits at my Top 5 Restaurants of all time right now. And as much as you love meat... please don't come alone. The more the merrier, otherwise you'll just look like a sad pig rolling in the mud.
5	WOW!Rule #1: come hungry.  Actually....come starving.  You may want to avoid eating at all before coming to this place.  So much food....so much food. You walk in and you just see the wait staff running around at lightining speed getting the food and drinks to their respective table.  When they disperse, they open up a path to this magical salad bar with some really great cheeses, veggies, and some type of raw fish (similar to sushi or maybe it was), but it was really good.  HOW IT WORKS: Salad Bar, Meats, Dessert (service continued or halted by red or green indicator that you have on your table) You sit down with a "button" that is similar to a circular cup coaster.  One side is red and the other green.  You want that button to be on green when you sit down.  That will trigger wait staff to come by and bring you A TON of different meat varieties.  They brought out lamb, different types of steaks in different seasonings, and ask you if you have any special meat requests if you want to try something in particular or want  another sample of something you've already had.   They bring it on a stick and carve off the section you want depending on how you want the meat cooked.   Along with that, they will be bringing out bread rolls with CHEESE in them! HOLY WOW!  of course - they have the garlic mashed potatoes on standby.    The DESSERT was nice!  a Chocolate Mousse cake that I barely had room for.   EXPECT the meal to START at $50 but I would go in ready for a lot more than that due to drinks that you may want to get, people with you, etc.   Fellas...If your girl has been good to you - treat her to a nice dinner.  She deserves it. Vice versa too, please.  Hunger is not prejudice.
3	My service really bothered me.  The man that seated us was uninterested, despite telling him it was my first time (on my bday), and made us feel like we were being rushed.  Without giving us more than 6 minutes he asked us for our drink orders 3 times.  Huge wine selection, poor beer selection.  Waiter also handed me the receipt to sign and walked off without even looking at me.  Not a good first impression.The food was excellent, came quickly and tasted great.  The salad bar was also delicious with a large variety for my wife, who was not eating meat.I will go back, but my service will hopefully improve.  I like it when people act like they care I'm there.
4	There was no doubt where I was going to take J for his Father's Day dinner/lunch.  FOGO it was going to be!  I did however have a little hesitation on taking Baby C along with us.  Would they have high chairs?  Never saw any babies/toddlers there in our visits there.  Baby C can be a pretty messy eater, with a good portion of his food ending up on the floor.  And, while Baby C is pretty well behaved, he is now known to start testing his vocal cords out - chattering very loudly and screaming with excitement.  I was reassured when I made my reservations, that they did in fact have highchairs (30 in fact), not to worry about any mess Baby C would make, that there would be plenty of kids there, and it would be pretty loud.  Mother's Day and Father's Day - who leaves their kids with a babysitter anyway?!I tell you what, I am glad I made a reservation for us and indicated we would need a high chair, because there was apparently a wait - On High Chairs!!  Our service was kinda so-so, but I attribute that to the fact that there were a TON of families there (we had a 2:30 reservation).  So many people in fact that I believe they ran out of meat, as we were waiting for quite a bit for a gaucho to come by wielding his sword of meat. My favorite - The Lamb..hands down.  Baby C's favorite too!!
5	This is best brazilian bbq ever!!
3	For a local Brazilian Steakhouse, it isnt bad.. Its definitely not Texas de Brasil, but its a nice place to go eat. The decor is great, staff was nice.
5	This place does not disappoint.  Make sure you come hungry.  The service and selection are amazing.  They serve as a team so you never have to wait to ask anyone for anything.  It does not matter who is walking by.  Should you need something anyone will bring it to you.  Including any cuts of meat you want to visit again or haven't tried.  Great for a date or company party.  We have done both and were very happy.  This place will always be a crowd pleaser; if you have company from out of town they will not be let down.  I highly recommend the Sangria.  It is made from scratch.
3	So, I really, really love Fogo de Chao, but I was disappointed with this location.I've gone to Fogo in Dallas and Kansas City for years, and each time, the food is amazing, the service is impeccable, and the restaurant is beautiful. We always have a wonderful experience and feel that it's well worth the money.The Scottsdale location... no. It's large, and the restaurant is nice, but the service is not good. The gauchos regularly came to our table and were attentive, but our dirty plates were not cleared until as asked, our sides of fried polenta, mashed potatoes, and fried bananas became cold/empty and were not replaced until we asked, and our cheese bread also ran out and was not replaced until we asked.Usually, sides and bread are replaced quickly, whether they're cold or empty, and several people will ask how we're doing and if we need anything. That didn't happen here. After we were done eating, we sat for a good 10+ minutes waiting for the table to be cleared so we could get dessert despite several servers walking by.I just wasn't impressed. It was not the good experience I've come to love. I will happily go to other Fogo locations but I think I'm done with Scottsdale.
2	I had a great time at the Beverly Hills location and was excited to see Scottsdale offer a summer special: $40 with dessert. Even though I ate a lot, I was underwhelmed by my dining experience. When eating out, I expect service to correlate with the price point of a meal. Fogo's service should be approaching outstanding. At the very least, I shouldn't be questioning throughout: Where is our waiter? Are they going to bring more sides? Are they going to clear our plates? We've been sitting here a while, are they going to offer dessert? Seems like they don't want us to pay, should we dine and dash? At least our water server kept our glasses full.  We ended up just asking him for more sides and he happily filled our request. Props to him because our waiter was useless: unwelcoming,  not personable, not attentive.On to the food: the salad bar looked fresh and I enjoyed having some greens to munch on between meats and carbs.  The polenta fries had a nice crunch.  The bananas (what happened to thick plantains?) were good but didn't have a nice crispy exterior.  The cheese bread though is amazing, especially when hot. I could eat these all night, every night.  They probably get a star for the bread alone.  The meats were variable.  The lamb was very gamey and I usually love lamb. Some meats were very salty, especially the pork ribs.  I found the beef ribs to be a bit dry. I liked the different sirloin cuts.  My friends found some meats to have huge chunks of fat - I don't mind that because I like the flavor and texture. Just cut them off if you don't, no big deal.  Sausage and chicken were also flavorful. No sight of ribeye all night. I did have a problem with the gauchos not knowing what medium-rare looks like. They kept giving me medium to medium-well even after they slice a piece and checked it. Why even bother asking me what I prefer if they're not going to give the right temp? I wouldn't have ordered dessert if it didn't come free with the summer special. Seemed mass-produced and overly sweet.Funny thing is that the wait team was very attentive to the larger table next to us. I overheard a patron there raving to his first-timer guests about how the food and service are ALWAYS wonderful here and how he ALWAYS has a great time. Wish I had the same experience. I'll take my money elsewhere for a pricey night out.  I was going to give 3 stars until I realized that was "A-OK" and 2 stars is "Meh. I've experienced better." Sorry Fogo, you were a 2 that night. Thanks for reading my Fogo essay.
5	Soooooo good!!  The service was phenomenal and the food amazing.  Totally recommend it for a special occasion.
5	This place always amazes, salad bar offers fresh unique and tasty choices. The meats are definitely the star here, all of them are tasty and perfectly cooked. If you want rare, you can get dark red and bloody, if you like well done it's just a slice away. Deserts are perfectly acceptable and usually compliment your dinner perfectly. The only downside is, soda is served in 10az cans that come to 2.50ish each. I racked up just about $10.00 worth of diet coke, but I didn't come for the coke and the meat was so tasty that it really didn't bother me, maybe it should have. This is a great place to go for those celebration type outings, guys will probaby appreciate it more than the ladies, who probably won't eat their monies worth. Bottom line: if you haven't been, you have to try it at least once, and probably twice, and maaaybe three times if your pockets go that deep.
4	Fogo De Chao deserves a solid 4 stars for my experiences there. However, the salad bar deserves like 5 or 6 stars - there is no better salad bar in town!The meal comes in two phases: salad bar and meat like most Brazilian steakhouses. You get a little coaster type button that you put up on one color while you eat salad and another color while you eat meat. While this is happening you get side dishes and drinks. My favorite side dish is the bananas, AMAZING. When you are ready for the meat - meat carvers will come to your table to offer you various cuts and cooking temperatures. They have every kind of steak, plus lamb and chicken. The steak is very good here, but it is not the best I've had even in Arizona, hence the 4 star review instead of 5. It is so hard not to over eat here, so I recommend coming hungry, and don't skip the amazing salad bar because you are looking forward to steak!
4	I'll get to the point.Hostess: didn't look happy and never smiled once and couldn't find my reservation.Service: was seated at the back of the restaurant for a party of 8. took 15 min before we had to flag a server down to explain how we're suppose to start eating and took our drink orders. this really pissed me off, but after we got their attention, everything caught up to speed and we went and got our salads and the meats started coming around fast. Food: the bread they give you is so so soo delicious, warm, soft, and sweet. their salad bar has a good selection of veggies as cheeses and other yummy sides. the meats were so tender and juicy and very flavorful. I wasn't too big of a fan of the chicken cuts, but the prime rib, lamb, house sirloin, and garlic beef were amazing. if you love meat, this is definitely a place for you. we were there to celebrate two birthdays and the server was very generous and allowed the two birthday girls to pick any dessert on the house AND allowed the other 6 people in the party choose between three different types of dessert, so everyone got a slice of cheesecake which was fluffy and delicious.
4	I went here for my friends birthday dinner and I don't know if people hyped this place up to much but it wasn't as great as I thought it was going to be. The restaurant is in a nice area and very easy to find. Its an upscale place so people were dressed up but I also saw people who were dressed very casual too. We were with a large party so we were seated in the back room the restaurant. It was obviously our first time here and nobody explained or came around to our table for a good 20 min. Finally we had to wave a waiter down to get our dinner started.The dinner comes in two phases. First the salad bar and then the meat. They give you a two sided red/green coaster which you use to control to pace of how much meat you get. The salad bar is amazing and had a lot of variety. I recommend you take it easy your first round so you can have room for the meat. When your ready the meat carvers come around and cut the meat for you. I really enjoyed the lamb, filet mignon and the bacon wrapped chicken. I recommend you take your time eating the meat and not get everything all at once. The meat doesn't taste very good when it's cold so before trying a different meat finish the meat on your plate.Overall the restaurant was nice, the food was good and we got free dessert because it was our friends birthday. My friends got to pick any dessert from the menu and the rest of our party got to pick either a cheesecake, chocolate moose and something else ( I can't remember lol). They loose a star because it was our first time and nobody came around to our table to explain how everything works until we flagged someone down. It also took them a while for the meat to come around to our table.
5	If you know what you want and you're prepared, Fogo de Chao is 5 stars. Practically starved myself all day so I could indulge. Father-in-law and I were greeted warmly by the hostess. Stopped in the bar for a drink and had a nice glass of wine, server was friendly & helpful. Server explained the concept to my FIL, who had never been to a churrascaria. Salad bar was nice, just icked up a few nibbles (olives, prosciutto, roasted peppers...) to complement the upcoming meatfest. It's all about knowing what you like.Best of the meats: the two top sirloin selections are spectacular, as was the lamb chop and lamb t-bone. Juicy & flavorful/ Ribeye was super tasty. Worst - leg of lamb was overmarinated, the pork ribs were cooked fine but needed some sort of rub/seasoning, the bottom sirloin had great texture but was kind of bland.Passed on the chicken, sausages and filet mignon.Service was prompt, attentive and polite without being overbearing.A great meal, and a fun/different experience.
5	Wow, this place rocks! Great atmosphere, fun and fantastic food. The salad bar is unlike anything I've ever seen. Surprisingly, the never-ending parade of perfectly prepared meats is as entertaining as it is tasty.
5	This is one of my favorite places to dine at I always get great service the salad bar is awesome I always have to take it easy because I don't want to get full off the salad :-) and the steak is overwhelmingly good there's so many choices never disappointing. This last time was particularly great I love it when a manager comes over, he had asked what we thought about there spicy chile and we said well its not "that" spicy, he offered us some green chilies and onions (they are not on the menu) phenomenal delicious my husband couldn't get over how good they tasted a great end to a hard week of work .
5	Really good food.   Enjoyed it all
5	Pricey, but well worth it! The meats are so delicious and perfectly cooked to your likings. Don't touch the salad bar until you try all the meats because there are about 8 different types and they're all scrumptious. The cooked bananas are also really good along with the mashed potatoes and polenta sides to clean your palate between meats. Also request a side of the chimichurri sauce, it goes great with every steak! Overall, I'd say the filet minion and lamb were my personal favorites.The service was also very good, the second you flip your card over they are there at your table with different meats. Definitely a unique experience that I would do over and over.
5	My boyfriend and I go here all the time! We love it and we always make sure to have an empty stomach before we go. The wait staff work together so anytime you need anything there is always someone to help! If you love meat then this is definitely somewhere you have to go!
5	Ive been wanting to try this place for years. This year was my 40th birthday and what a better place to try than Fogo.  My girlfriend and I made reservations with her brother and wife.  What I loved is when we showed up, we were seated immediately.  I've been to places with a reservation and they would say "Oh it'll be just a moment" and 10 min later...Right as we sit down, one of our many wait staff comes over to us to take our drink orders and lets us know that we can begin our meal.  They have a huge salad bar, but I was told by a friend "Do NOT eat it if you want to fill up on meat!"   So my girlfriend got the salad bar and I ate some of the cheese. It was delicious!We guys flipped over our card to green and it was on.  We must have seen 10 different guys come by with different meats.  My favorites were their house special, sirloin and filet wrapped in bacon.We ate like kings!  To top it off we even had room for cheesecake.I highly recommend this place. It was pure heaven.It is a bit pricey though.  ABout $50 a head.  But soooo worth it!
4	Food was great, except for the desert.  We shared the tres leches and didn't care for it.  Bacon wrapped filet and chicken were great, sausage is awesome as well.
5	I am giving this place a 5 stat rating because it is the best brazilian food restaurant I've been to in Arizona. First off they treat you like family and accommodate you in anyway. The atmosphere is for all types of people, either you are on a date or out for a family outing. I know the price is a little high but its all worth it because your table is never empty and your drinks are always full. The meat is cooked to perfection, the cheese breads are freshly baked, the sides are just as delightful. Now the desert is mouth watering  delicious, I had the creme bruelle and new york cheesecake with my husband. I would definitely go back and send others there. Enjoy I know I did.
5	The service was amazing. I don't even care about the food i would come back for the service
5	My husband took me here last week to celebrate our 2nd anniversary.  The service was impeccable, everyone was friendly and helpful and quick.  The salad bar was impressive and delicious.  The meats were all delicious.  There is nothing negative I can say about Fogo...I left stuffed and smiling!
5	My special lady took me here and I was delighted. Excellent service and great food....a carnivores delight. The salad bar was perfect for me with prosciutto, mozzarella, olives, cheese, hearts of palm and peppers....all my favorite foods. Once you give the green "light" ...the meat arrives nonstop. If you pass enough times they will actually stop and ask what they can get for you and prepare it to your liking. This was my first visit but definitely will not be my last. If you have a friend or family member that loves meat...splurge and take them here for a great treat.
5	Have you every wanted to be fed like King Henry VIII?  A big goblet in one hand, exquisite, endless dishes of extravagant foods being feed to you almost intravenously until you have gorged yourself jolly and need a coma to recover?Well, your highness, there is a haven for you in Scottsdale.Fogo de Chao is paradise for the carnivore AND the vegetarian alike.  You will be seated at a table amidst a spacious floor plan and promptly greeted politely with a drink order.  Then comes the salad bar, which hosts a cornucopia of fresh lettuces, tomatoes, sundried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, macaroni salads, cheeses, olives, cucumbers, prosciutto, salami, smoked salmon, ceviche, and hot white fish in a delectable sauce, among other things.There is a round, 2 sided card at your table.  Red means stop, green means go.  When you have finished plundering the salad bar booty, turn your card so green is faced up.This begins the carnivore carousel as a parade of servers will sprint to your table with one carving station after another of meat.  Oh, sure, you can wave them off if you're not interested, but who are you kidding?  Try EVERYTHING!!!My personal favorites are the lamb chops, the lamb tenderloin, the sausage, the filet wrapped bacon, and the #1 - the top round - I order everything medium (did I mention that they ask you how you'd like it prepared?  And then they bring bottom round, garlic beef, chicken wrapped in bacon, ribs, center cut sirloin, rib eye, and probably a couple more that I can't remember.  Everything is tender and juicy, fresh, well seasoned, and fit for a king.You are also served polenta cake, fried bananas and mashed potatoes, also never ending.  You may also request sauces - I'm particular to the mint jelly and the creamy horse radish, though they offer others.And don't forget dessert - the cheesecake tastes like it was shipped in from New York that day.GO FOR LUNCH!!!  It's only $29 at lunch time, $19 for just the salad bar, kids 6 and under FREE, otherwise $14 for kids.  A small king's ransom, but worth every penny and then some.Then go back to your castle and nighty night.  Please don't behead your wife.
3	Salad bar is amazing, meat is so so. They have a great selection but for the price not sure if it is worth it. Maybe once in a while for a special event...
4	Great Price and Good Food!I think the reason I'm giving this place 4 stars is because of the customer service that they provide.  All the staff members work together as a team and it made the experience wonderful. You need a new clean plate? Their on it! You want something you havn't see come out yet? No problem they'll go get it. Another cocktail? well they have someone coming around with a mobile cart to bring you one! I was 100% satisfied with the customer service end.The food was pretty good. Now don't get me wrong it was delicious. However I am comparing it to another Brazilian steakhouse I've been to in San Francisco and for around the same price their food is EXCELLENT. Now the customer service on the other hand is not as good. I wasn't overly impressed with the salad bar,  I would probably skip it next time I go and just focus on stuffing my face with more meat!Bottom line: Great food and exceptional customer service. I would come here again in a heartbeat.
5	The salad bar..... Who needs the meat!! Unless it's the garlic beef. Or the cheesy bread knots.Now, I usually dont visit chain restaurants... especially after coming to this place from the San Diego location. I thought the food was just to DIE for, so I decided to take my friend who was visiting here (especially since I had a two people eat foooo FREE coupon). Now, I must say... I like this restaurant over the San Diego location. The tables are spaced out, and are definitely more accessible, you arent side-stepping between customers/servers trying to venture to the salad  bar or to your own table. They have a drink service constantly going around? Something I'm definitely not used to. That was so incredibly convenient. The service was superb and the servers very friendly. I would come here just for the garlic knots. I seriously want to sneak in with ziplocs next time just to load up before I leave.... totally kidding. kinda. (IM FROM THE BAY AREA, we get ratchet). Anyways A++++++.
5	YUMMMMMMM. All you can eat quality meat?! This steakhouse is great, I can never go to Fogo without leaving and feeling so full that I can barely walk.
1	This place should be renamed Fogo de Chaos. The food service was confusing and disorganized. For the price, the quality of meat was poor. It took over an hour to get one of meat choices served at our table. The food and dining experience was bad enough, until we got the bill of $350 for 4. Then the never will come back feeling turned into anger. Just aweful!!!
2	Disappointing..on previous visit found this restaurant enjoyable but somewhat noisy but could overlook based on the overall experience..this last visit on Saturday evening left much to be desired..the meats were overdone and you couldn't find a medium or medium rare cut..sides were not replenished unless you asked..this experience was certainly not worth the $$$ and will not see me again..too much other fine dining available in the valley
5	Loved the food it was all amazing! I would recommend to anyone. Great place for a date, the meat was to die for! I enjoyed my date there and I cant wait to go back. Also the service was outstanding.
5	so. much. meat.
5	The perfect choice for a great dining experience.  Made a 7:30 reservation on a Friday night and we got there early and got seated right away. Salad bar was a great start and even had fresh haddock. Then on to the main course. My wife and I have been to these types of high end steak places and the best tip I can give you is hold out for the meat choice you really want. We love filet mignon and the bacon wrapped chicken, but it all tastes great... As it should for $50 per person.
5	oh my goodness i cant even begin to describe how delicious the food is, and the customer service was sooo inviting and very hospitable, ill for sure be coming back for more very soon
4	Fogo de Chao is the destination for one thing and one thing only: meat sweats.  What an incredible meat experience.  Fogo knows their meat and knows how to cook it.  One warning before we get going, if you drink soda they serve it by the can and don't tell you that until it arrives.  I would opt for water, iced tea, alcohol or nothing.  When you start you will be tempted by the salad bar, I totally get it, it looks gorgeous with plenty of selections to choose from.  It is absolutely beautifully presented and for those of you new to this experience the salad bar is a siren and you are a sailor on a ship that is about to jump off and make crazy mad love to it.  In this analogy allow me to be your captain who tells you to cover your ears (or eyes in this case) my fellow man and keep the course, the real prize is the meat.  So if it the meat you seek, avoid the temptations of the beautifully kept and maintained salad bar and wait patiently for the meat.  Onto the main course.  You will have so much to choose from and after a few minutes of basking in the euphoric aroma of grilled splendor I ask that you maintain your discipline... the first thing that will be brought to you is sausages and grilled chicken.  They are good, yes indeed, but I ask you to resist a little longer, pass them up, tell them you want the bacon wrapped filet, tenderloin, or.... the HOUSE SPECIAL!   Oh yes, my friends when you refuse one last temptation a wave of meaty awesomeness will come and it will not stop until you surrender or they close for the evening.  This is a feast to revel in.
5	Yum! We love this place. It's a fun place for special occasions, and the food is delicious. It is pricey, but for a once in a while treat, it is worth it. I recommend making reservations, even if you don't think it will be busy. Plus, they'll ask if it's a special occasion on the phone- let them know if it is a birthday, anniversary, etc., and you can score complimentary dessert (that you will likely be too full to finish). We just made reservations for Christmas Eve, since we cannot be with our families this year, we figured we'd spoil ourselves!
3	MEAT!  That is what you get here.  Every time I have gone the service has been outstanding.  They will keep serving you until you keel over and die from a heart attack so be aware of the stop sign!  The salad bar has quite the selection as well, but I would minimize your intake here so you can try all the MEAT!  My one complaint is it seems like most of the MEATs have similar seasoning.  They have a large variety of different types of MEAT, but at some point it just all tastes the same...maybe I just have MEAT overload at that point.  This is definitely a place to experience, but I could never go here regularly.  I myself would rather go to a gourmet restaurant and have one great meal rather than gorge myself with MEAT, but I can see the allure of Fogo for sure!
5	One of the best experience. For any occasion. Food is excellent great meat selection and side and out standing service. And if you r not a big meat lover you can always just do the salad bar its a great salad selection. Its a little pricey but is worth it...
5	Good luck finding out how much the meal cost until you get the bill. So its $50 per person but its worth the price. You can basically stuff yourself until your pants button shoots off like those subway commercials. I would love to come back if I was ever in Scottsdale again.
5	I took my family here for my sister's going away trip as she was moving out of state for a new job. There was a decent amount of parking here. The front of the place is pretty open with a turn...I think during the weekends, they probably have valet here. The inside is very spacious and is pretty good for group celebrations of a romantic dinner. There is a bar area to the side that seems pretty quiet and cozy for those intimate dinners.They have quite a lot of wine in their selection. Walking in, you can see their wine gallery. What can I say about their food. It is delicious. There is a lot of it. There is also a salad bar and it's pretty good but let's be honest here...you didn't come here for salad. I ate a lot of the filet mignon. It was good. There was lamb, delicious. I don't think I can say anything bad about this place at all. The service was fast.The pricing...well, you're in a brazillian steak house in Scottsdale so, yeah. I would come back here again but I wouldn't make it a usual stop. I could get a coronary with all the yellow gold flowing through my veins already.
5	WAY to good!!!! its pricey but well worth it. This is easily the best place for steaks in the valley.My favorite restraunt out of anywhere in Scottsdale/Phoenix area.They make love to the meat while cooking it.
5	Best value is at lunch. Lots to eat to the point of nitrate overload. Great salad bar, service. Always come back on every visit here.
4	Everything was delicious, down to the tomatoes and kale salad. All the waiters were very attentive and made us feel like royalty. A Filipino waiter came to our table and was very nice and welcoming! It makes me a little sad that I was only visiting Scottsdale, as I would love to dine here again. When they tell you the waiters will attack you with skewers of meat if you keep the card green, they really will come to you nonstop. They kind of rush off quickly, so state that you also want a piece if they are at your table. The only reason why I dinged a star off was because when my dad asked for a piece of rare filet mignon, the server said none of the pieces were rare but he would get another skewer. Another server came by a few minutes later with another skewer and cut the most well-done piece of meat before rushing off.
5	I'm still thinking of this place a month after my first experience here. I absolutely loved Fogo de Chao! If I could change anything about my experience I would have skipped the salad bar altogether and just eat the meat and the sides they brought to the table. My absolute favorite was the petite filet and their house sirloin. The service was top notch and could not have been any better. I was here for my 2 year anniversary and they gave us a dessert for free. We had the Tres Leches cake which was phenomenal! I can't wait to go back!
4	When coming in for lunch the waiter explained the service perfectly. We ate off the salad bar and were very satisfied. When it came to the meat experience we were able to taste the amazing flavors of the country. My only compliant is that we asked to try a couple of the other meats that were listed and it took two or three tries before they came out with it. At one time we asked for more bananas four times before we were given more and then 5 plates came out! So their wait staff is a bit off on requests, beyond that it was superb!
4	This Scottsdale location of the national chain does not disappoint.  The entire dining experience is very upscale.  The vast array of meats are all very well prepared by their excellently trained staff.  Each of the servers in the restaurant are able to help you, so service is always very fast and top-notch.  Who doesn't love a prix fixe menu of delectable meats?  The salad bar is also outstanding.  They make a mean caipirinha too.
3	I've been to a few Brazilian steakhouses and in my opinion it wasn't my favorite but it's not bad whatsoever. Meat selection- they had around 10 different beef/pork/lamb options but no seafood like other Brazilian steak houses. Salad bar- great selection but no sushi, or really anything interesting. Didn't see soup eitherSides- mashed potatoes were garlicky but yummy, then there was some sort of potato, and sweet plantains.  Price- Compared to other Brazilian steakhouses this place was pricey because of their lack of options.
1	Nice cozy place but don't let that fool you. Me and my husband went for our anniversary dinner waitress was nice at first. Then the meat keep coming but after 20 minutes its stop and the waitress forget about you. I was really pissed was so hungry i didnt want the salad bar. I wanted the meat but was only good for 20 minutes even if my sign said green...horrible service and will not ever come back here.
5	My girlfriend and I had been talking about going here for months, just had never found the time to make it out.Last night, I took her and her parents out to dinner here to celebrate her birthday.  Needless to say, this place did not disappoint in the least.If I had anything to complain about, it didn't have anything to do with the restaurant, staff, food or experience.  It had to do with the fact that their meats were so good that I kept wanting more and more to the point where I should've stopped eating 20-30 minutes previous to when I actually did.My favorites were the Garlic Filet Mignon, Parmesean crusted pork and the Linguisa.  The polenta was cooked to perfection and loved the caramelized bananas they delivered as side dishes.Everyone got a dessert and loved it.  Since we were celebrating my girlfriend's birthday, they decorated the plate with her dessert with "Happy Birthday".This is definitely on our list of special occasion dinner restaurants along with some others.  Will definitely go back again.
5	If you ever feel hungry and tired or same kind of food, this place is for you. Start with an amazing salad collection filled with any type of cheese and amazing dressings. Don't get fill up with that save extra room for the unlimited, all you can eat meat that will change your life with every bite. I  Love the food and the service.
1	I have no idea why this place was crowded. I'm now convinced that this is a place that people go just to say they went. Went with expectations for large quantities of high quality meat. Meat was overcooked, fatty and low quality. Medium should be pink throughout not well done and grey. My plate was covered with meat scraps and I probably got around two bites of meat that I actually ate. I didn't think this would ever happen in my lifetime but I spit out filet mignon- how does a steakhouse screw up one of the best cuts of beef? Sides and salad bar weren't appealing either. They brought the wrong bottle of wine. The only good thing about the place was they didn't charge me $50 for the dog food they served.
3	This was my second trip to this location and I noticed their salad bar had fewer items from before.  It was still very good but am disappointed that they seemed to have eliminated some items. I am not a big meat eater and came for the salad bar so I noticed these things. It was still really really good however.
5	As I sit here savoring all of the delicious meat I am enjoying the classy decor.   I discovered the Brazilian Churrascaria in brazil quite a few years ago.   Fogo de Chao does a fantastic job of grilling the choice cuts.  This reminds me of my original experience there.    The salad bar was very fresh and the biscuits have a wonderful eggy flavor.   All of the wait staff were very attentive and friendly.  This is a great place for a special occasion!
4	This place does it for me, a meat lovers paradise! Great service and a fun dining experience. Like the lower sirloin and the house special. Perfect for meat lovers that want to eat all you want and have a unique dining experience.
4	We thought we would try this place since we were celebrating my husbands birthday and we LOVE the Churrascaria in San Francisco! Food was delicious and I'mOnly giving this place 4 stars since it fellShort of a few items from SF. If you want prawns it's extra and the buffet bar was limited on options compared to our go to place. Other than that Service was amazing!
5	World-class restaurant, servers are excellent.  Although the salad bar is incredible, stay away from it so you can eat more meats, which is their specialty.  Would highly recommend.
5	We had a great time. I love proper service and I can't say enough about how pleased I am. Every server was happy, polite and very friendly. The salad bar was great. There was a bowl of very dry bacon, how can you not be happy with this. All the salads I tried were top notch. Sliced cheese and meats were great. Don't go crazy there, the meats being served table side are delicious. The sirloins and ribeye were my favorites. Grilled bananas were one of the sides and I loved those. Desert was a chocolate mouse cake, devine. I will be there again!
5	My experience at Fogo De Chao was nothing short of fantastic!The service there was so detail oriented and I was never in need of anything. All of the servers were so welcoming and friendly, they made the not-so-typical experience comfortable and enjoyable! This place is a meat lovers dream! So many different cuts of meat to choose from. The filet and the ribeye are a must! There was also an excellent salad bar full of fresh salad options. The kale salad was my favorite. The atmosphere there is also something to rave about. Great music and lighting, a perfect place for a special occasion or business event. Fogo de Chao is my new favorite place in Scottsdale!
5	Was in town again this week.   Came back to check it out.   As always, the service was excellent.   Really enjoyed the house special cut and the ribeye as they were both very tasty.  Manager kept checking in along with the waitstaff   Definitely go again.
4	The service was great, i didnt have to ask for anything they anticipated our needs and they were there in a snap. great food, good ambiance :)
4	I've been to other locations many times and te service was a lot better. This location took a while and while going to dinner by myself, they ignored me a bit. Not impressed but still good food.
3	This place is great! i loved the service!! I just didn't like the overcrowding where you sit. I found it extremely hard to get to the salad buffet from my table while the servers are everywhere giving pieces of meat. I almost always ran into one of them and if not them the the other diners lol! I also didn't like how it is super loud and a little bit overwhelming. Other than that the food and the service were great!!!!!
5	Was at this restaurant on Saturday 03/22/14 and WAY better than the one in Denver.  Much cleaner and the meat was great.  Definitely will come back and dine here again.
5	came here with the hubby for the first time, for our date night,had a great time...and the steaks was delicious!...staffs was friendly and helpful. overall the place is beautiful. :)) hubby and I really enjoyed the foods.
1	I have heard great things about this but we didn't have a good experience.  We went for my birthday(3/29 8PM). We were seated quickly (in a back room) and the 1st server was pleasant. That's where things went wrong. While we went off to the salad bar, we were told bread, water, etc. would be brought to our table. We returned 10 mins later, no water, no bread, no server to be found. Eventually, a young server happened upon our table and was surprised we had no bread, water or PLATES. Went off to see too it. Another 3 or 4 similar visits and someone else asked us if we needed something. I said, yup, water, bread and PLATES (we still couldn't have any of the meat coming around as we had no where to put it) and a manager.  The manager arrived and asked what we needed and, well, yeah, had to point that out to him too as if it wasn't pretty clear we had no plates after 20-25 mins sitting there with nothing to do but toy with the salad scraps.  Off he went.... more time passed and eventually we got the water, bread and some plates bit by bit. One would think he would have quickly resolved this but nope. BTW Skip the bread or whatever those round balls of doughy things were in the basket. The meats.... most of them were dry and they cut pieces off the outsides which were hard crust. There were two that were fairly good (rib eye and top round) and my dinner companion enjoyed the pork encrusted with parm. By the time we were situated, the servers had stopped making the rounds in the back two rooms.  Most everyone leftOne most interesting things was at one point, our "server" (young maybe 20s I swear his picture is the one in the additional tips for the business offered...get rid of him) that was supposed to bring a plate was so busy chatting and flirting with a couple at another table (he was there a good 10-15 mins and over and over - taking a business card from the female) and the rest of the "servers" who were not making the rounds with meats were grouped in a bunch talking... it was a wonder the "manager' didn't make some effort to stop the behaviors.  The server with the plate in his hand finally managed to drop it in front of me without even looking down at us or saying a word before running back to his discussion across the room.  Me, I would have fired him on the spot as it was THAT BAD.Salad bar - lame at best. It looked nice but not really much to speak of for such a huge place that is high-end price-wise. For instance, the tomatoes were a main item - they shouldn't have been served they were so under ripe - just one example.Sides -  Slapped down like an after thought on our table - Mash potatoes that were horrible - had to be from freeze dried. For that matter, the mash potatoes from freeze dried at the market are better by a factor of 10.  What's with you  Fogo de Chao!Honestly, I can't imagine that the review I saw here relate to the food in this place. Just because they have a lot of different meats (17 we were told) does not make a place a good value or the food well prepared. I could not WAIT to get out of there and wrote "HORRIBLE SERVICE" on the check. My comment was we could have eaten at one of the very best steak places in the valley for the same price range compared to this horrible service/food that was equal to a buffet line and meat that shouldn't have been served in 9 times out of 10 samples we had. I left with a greasy feeling in my stomach.The worst highlight - sitting without plates for 15-20 mins. and the manager having to be asked if he saw anything particularly wrong with that.  Sitting there in an almost empty room (3 tables out of 20) and NO servers coming around. Watching one of the waiters talk to a female guest at a table for what seemed like all evening at various points - I hope she has a job for you because if your management sees your behavior, hopefully, they get rid of you before they lose any more customers.Keep in mind that this is not a 2 dinners for $20 special. This is a $50 a person plus extra's Scottsdale higher end eatery.  Although, it was worse than Applebees and that is saying A LOT.NEVER again.
4	Never was told or saw a sign about the $50/per person (i thought it was 35), so it was a nice sticker shock at the end of this experience. Probably will go here once every blue moon unless someone has a big announcement and wants to celebrate, but it's nice to try it just once. Come here hungry as if you want to eat a horse, because that's exactly what is going down in here.- the salad bar deserves an A+ .- all you can (eat/handle) banana fritters. Lord.....A+
2	Good food. Unfortunately (or fortunately for us), we sniffed out a scam. Check your bills. They overcharged us by +\~ $100. After we alerted the cashier to the mistake, we were offered a shoddy explanation that would leave even the most trusting soul saying "hmmmmm". I surmise there is a rotten apple amongst the staff. Overall, good food. Nice people. ...But something smells funny.
5	We had such a good experience , food was great , service was amazing , our server Marcos was pleasant and the manager Marco was very hands on .Will def go back and bring our family .Salad bar was fresh and the meat was right on time .I'm a happy customer
4	Hubby & I took the parents and two other couples here because Durants was booked (Saturday night). So, everyone was in the mood for meat- and I believe Fogo delivered. It took awhile to get the waiter to come around and explain the process to the 'newbies'-Drinks with the pao de queijo (warm cheese bread) was a delicious start.Salad bar was fine, but seemed the attendants were a bit slow to get the items refilled/replaced. After that, though- everyone was thrilled with the array of meats that flew off the skewers when the Gauchos came around- all the meat was fabulously done. Some of our party ordered desert- but I favored the caramelized bananas .Everyone really enjoyed the experience, no doubt, we will all return.
5	I had the opportunity to go here for a group event really really enjoyed it!  The whole concept of this place is just kind of cool.   If your are a vegetarian this place might not be for you although I am sure the menu could accommodate.  I like the table service-  green=bring me more, red=i'm kind of full for now.  The food was really good and the experience of the place was fun!  The salad bar walk thru needs to be re vamped because it doesn't flow fast enough, at least that was my experience on the evening I was there, possible on a slower evening it would be fine.  Good place to go for a special occasion or with a group.  All in all service was good, food was delicious and I can't wait to have a reason to go back!
5	This was our first visit here. We were invited to dinner by our friends who are Brazilian and wanted us to try authentic Brazilian food. We were told to come hungry. All I have to say was I was not disappointed. Soooo many food choices and they were equally delicious. My absolute favorite was the filet. Dessert was equally delicious. It was an amazing experience. Can't wait to go back again.
5	Wow this place is pricey but worth it. Endless delicious cuts of meat coming back and back again were incredible. I can't wait to go back even the salad bar was amazing . I guess if you go for lunch its half the price with the same exact menu. So I'll be giving that a try but overall service was incredible. They were on top of it . The wait staff had a team mentality. The only problem now is the pain I'm in from eating too much. But I can't wait to go do it again.
5	Came here for a dinner with my girlfriend and her father. Amazing service especially from our waiter Junior. Be sure to ask for him! He was very helpful in suggesting wine selections and his own favorites from the menu. His personality and enthusiasm really made our night special. This place is like a wine tasting but for meat. The selections are wonderful and artfully prepared. Be warned that when you flip your card to get meat, there will be a lot of it! Definitely try the lamb chop, one if not the best. Highly recommend this place for any non-vegans.
4	I went here for a celebratory dinner, and it worked out beautifully. I only eat chicken so I decided to forgo the meats portion and just get the salad bar... I was glad, because after 1 1/2 passes at the salad bar I was filled to bursting!The other people in my party went nuts over the meats though!The waiters were incredibly friendly, and fellow patrons as well- when our neighbors at the next table found out we were celebrating they sent over a bottle of Moet :)Would definitely come back with more meat-eaters for special occasions.Oh and P.S., I got the Superfruit Lemonade cocktail (I think that is what it was called), and it was delicious!
5	Brazilian Steakhouse - what does that mean, great food with a multitude of flavors. It also means that they bring out their meats on skewers and carve to your liking.There is a salad bar available, my suggestion is to get the salad and sides because when you start the meat portion you will need to mix it up a little. Turn your card to the green position and let the meat induced coma begin, my personal favorite is the bacon wrapped filet and garlic sirloin. The lamb chops are also a keeper. Keep track of what you get because it will start to look the same.Would suggest on the first visit to try all the meats to see which one you enjoy. Don't eat everything but conserve your appetite so you can try as many things as you can.
2	I made reservations on a Wednesday night for my husbands birthday. We were seated and the waiter explained the process to us. I mentioned it was my husbands birthday and our first dining experience. It was surprisingly crowded for a weekday. I felt overwhelmed and uncomfortable as soon as we sat down. The seating is very cluttered and the food was mediocre at best. I had to ask for A1 sauce for my steak because it was so bland. The service was somewhat attentive, but nothing special. They forgot our refills and napkins. Also, my husband did not receive his complimentary birthday dessert which was a disappointment. Overall, we were not impressed with our experience, especially for the price. Bland steak and sodas for two cost $120 plus tip. We will NOT be returning.
4	We read Yelp reviews saying don't eat much from the salad bar, but didn't listen! Was too full 1/2 through to try all the meat. It's good stuff though. I suggest you not take the first slice of meat off a new steak unless you like a ton of salt. Our favs were the caramelized bananas and red potatoes from the salad bar.
4	We had my sister's graduation dinner here and if you like meat, a top notch salad bar, and now even a stellar fish dish. Fogo de Chao won't disappoint. We had a huge party of people and they did a stellar job serving us. It's a place where it's all you can eat and you simply keep getting served until you flip over your card to red or pop from eating so much. The salad bar is one of the best ones I've seen. They had kale salad, pickled tomatoes, a couple good cheeses, and the whole assortment. A vegetarian will not have any issues with finding something to eat even if it is a Brazilian steakhouse.They also have good desserts and beverages as well as a good dessert drink menu. If you're there to eat meat, only eat a small bit of salad or none at all. They serve a delicious bread before and during, as well a few sides that come out with the meat. Mashed potatoes, fried corn bread type things, and fried plantains. We had a great experience, the servers were attentive and took care of us well.
2	Restaurant Week Rip Off...E-mail to: Fogo de Chao.....What a JOKE!!!! I've eaten at your restaurant many times and when I got this months e-mail regarding Arizona Restaurant Week, I thought this was great and what a deal. $40.00 vs.$49.00 plus free dessert. WOW was I mislead;  to find, A Limited meat selection and the dessert was a tiny sliver. One of the main reasons I enjoy your restaurant is the lamb chops and filet both plus others not available. So I choose to pay the full price $49.00, so I could enjoy the things I go to Fogo de Chao for. Then I was told "but we will still include the free dessert" they failed to tell me it was just a tiny sliver and not your normal full portions.If you want to run a special with reduced selections and portions that is fine JUST SAY SO IN YOUR ADS. Don't wait for me to come in to find out. That just pisses me off and makes me wonder if I'll ever come back. Buyer Beware of Misleading Ads.
5	Wow, my first time there and I would definitely recommend!!! The meat was great and the creme Brule was to die for!  We had a server named Junior and he was the nicest server we have ever had.  His service was exceptional and made our experience so good that we will definitely tell our friends and return.  The only thing I didn't like is the soda is so small and 4 bucks!! Who charges for refills these days!?
5	Dinner was wonderful! Our server Junior was the BEST! We will definitely come back here...the food, atmosphere, customer service and the staff were all on point.
4	So i went here with 4 friends from college- we sat at a round table and had a great time. The service was excellent- the waiter gave us an option between restaurant week or normal selection and explained the difference and walked us through the whole process. The salad bar has anything you could want- even trendy kale- but dont spend too much time there because you want to save it for the real stuff. The meat kept rolling in every minute once we had our card flipped green- it was like heaven on earth. The one complaint I have is that the filet was over cooked and slightly burnt- other than that it was a great time with friends Id definitely recommend this place. 50 bucks gets you enough food for a week
5	What better way to learn the anatomy of a cow than through eating it...rodizio style!  I've now been to 4 of the 19 US locations and I would say this one is right on par with the rest of them i've been to.What do I love about Fogo de Chao?  The quality of meat is excellent compared to many of the other chains.  I consider Texas de Brazil the only competition when it comes to meat quality and flavor.  The service is always impeccable and you never have to wait long for gauchos to make their rounds.  I've also had multiple occasions where the gaucho serving the filet mignon gives generous portions, which quite frankly pays for the meal in itself!The salad bar could be much improved in my opinion, but I hardly waste any time there so I won't waste my time complaining about it.  The scalloped potatoes are delicious, though...but carbs are AYCE killers!Every table is served fried polenta, garlic mashed potatoes, caramelized bananas, and the famous cheese balls.  The cheese balls are doughnut hole sized pillows of cheesy doughy goodness, but again...carbs!  My dad and I love to save the bananas for our dessert.  Seriously though, give me one plate of those bananas, a scoop of Haagen Dazs vanilla ice cream,  and a bed to nap in after I enter my food coma and that's what heaven must be like!My favorite cuts:-Filet Mignon...duh-Picanha, the house specialty-Ribeye-Top sirloin-Leg of lamb
4	my sister and I went there over the labor day weekend, the good thing was the restaurant week, the bad thing was restaurant week. we did the special offer. and yes it was really good. the place was packed but our table was waiting for us. the salad bar was awesome. I think you can go and just do the salad bar and it would be good in and of itself.The meat did come and come and come. all great, the only reason I didn't stuff myself was that I wanted that super new York cheesecake for desert. I am soooooooooo glad I did. when your in the area this is a must stop.
4	Authentic and Delicious.  I tried not eating all day in preparation and still could not come close to tasting all the meat.  Salad bar is great, drinks fantastic, and amazing service.
5	WOW wow WOW! Had a friend in town, so "the girls" got together to dine at Fogo's. Excellent choice. This is one of those place that if you're going there for dinner, don't eat lunch! We started off with drinks. Went lightly on the fabulous salad bar, which is not easy to do as everything looks SO good. Love the little cheesy muffins they bring to the table. Then here comes the meats... I'm not going to ding them a star, but just FYI... the chunk of sirloin they were carving from was tough, and the chicken, a little dry. But everything else was YUMmeee! We even saved room for dessert. The molten chocolate cake was excellent. Not real sweet - I couldn't stop chipping away at it although I was sure I was going to explode. One chum had the Tres Leche cake and said it was the best she's had. Another had the key lime. I'm sure she would have said something, but she was too busy devouring it.  It's a LOT of food, but it's good food. As for the service, also excellent. There was always someone coming by to clear, or serve, or refill. Nicely done Fogo's, nicely done!
1	I've been to 5 or 6 different Fogo's across the country and this was by far the worst one I've been to. Meat was very dry and we had to wait a long time for any meat to arrive. Overall poor experience.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant. The service the food the ambience all of it. I've eaten at other restaurants of this brand but this is the best by far. Tender meat beautiful buffet and good wine. A tad pricy but I have gone here three times and this place has yet to be disappointing. Keep it up!
5	From go A wonderful place to go. The salads are good but the meat is great every few seconds someone would ask if we wanted this or that. We left so full I was light headed and I didn't even drink any wine or alcohol. Wonderful staff very on top of it. Thanks guys see you nest time
4	Great food and atmosphere. The meat never stopped coming. Our waiter was having a bad day though. He wasn't the most attentive.  He kept forgetting things we've asked for. Aside from that, great place to go every now and them.
5	WOW is it good here. Love the decor, the location and the food. Excellent service at all times. You really get what you pay for.100% recommended.
5	Food is amazing! Salad bar is alwts well kept and clean. The servers are friendly and very attentive. The Gaucho chefs always ask how you would like the steaks cooked and if they didn't have it they returned quickly. Great atmosphere! Go here to eat
4	excellent as always except this Fogo was a little slow on the service and kinda stingy with the meats.  I'm a Fogo regular across the country  I've been to Philly, NYC, Las Vegas, Orlando, Atl, Denver and this one was a little subpar.
3	Over all the place was ok. The fillet mignon was the best piece of meat there. Everything else was ok. The beef ribs were over seasoned with salt and the pork ribs were dry. One cut of the fogo house special was very tough and inedible. The salad bar was ok. Not a whole lot to choose from but I was there for the meat anyways. The sides they brought to the table were good. The fried Polenta sticks were addicting. And, they had my favorite cake on the desert menu! Tres leches! So over all for the price ($50 a person) I think they could have done a better job on the food. The meat especially. Oh the staff was really nice and helpful. One of the waiters even offered to take my sons bottle in the back and wash it for him after he dropped it.Lol on a side note the people sitting next to us who looked at us all night like we didn't belong there were stealing food and putting it in their purses lol I thought it was funny.
2	1 star for service, 4 stars for the food... This is a place we want to love and eat at often but too often the service sucks and it's pretty pricey on top of a long drive for us. Meat is usually very good, today a lot of it was dry and often when you asked for rare you got med well or they would say they would come  back with a more rare cut and didn't. The big disappointment was the service though. Our drinks were constantly empty we never got the sides that go with the meats either and could never make eye contract with a server to ask! Finally when we were done he magically appeared and after being asked offered to bring them then, after we will full! He then took 15 minutes to bring check and another 15 minutes to bring back the bank card only to find he mixed it up with a different table!  Huge huge disappointment, as much as I want to love this place I doubt we will return.
4	We were the last customer on the day, and it was very close to the closing time (it was 9 PM, not 10 PM). All the staff were very kind and generous though, and the food was good. There was not much choice at the salad bar, but meat coming endlessly was very good.  If you want to devour some meat someday, I am sure that you will not regret!
5	This place is not easy to review. They do everything right. The restaurant, the service, the food. Everything is great. The only downside is my own gluttonous ways. I have eaten hear a few times over the years. Last night was another great experience. The meal starts with an explanation of how everything works and what meats you will be overdosing on. You order drink and head up to the salad bar. It's a great spread. Lots of good salad, meats, and veggies. My wife usually just does the salad bar which she says is more than enough food.Once you finish your salad, and any worthwhile conversation for the night, the fun begins. You flip your table card from red to green and prepare for meat.At first it seems to come fast and furious. Many servers offering many cuts of meat. I do have a few favorites.The house special. Prime sirloin cooked perfectly. Well seasoned and a nice smoky flavor.I also loved the bottom sirloin (flank steak), the ribeye, and of course the filet. The beef ribs were also tasty (what we call brisket)The side are also delicious. The little bread like popover things are little bites of heaven. The fried polenta sticks are delicious and the fried plantains offer some good sweetness.So the meat keeps coming until you flip the card back to red. I usually wait way too long to do that. I ate wayyyyyy too much last night. I think I have gout this morning. My brother may have died. Some great quotes from our table:"That last swallow didn't feel right""They are going to have to crank up the AC in here if I eat any more.""I've got a bad case of the meat sweats going here"Love this place. Also nice that I don't need to eat for the next few days.
5	Great restaurant. Both food and service was amazing. I expected more from the salad bar but I was there for the meat anyways so it wasn't a deal breaker. It's pricey so this place is good for special occasions. We will definitely go back. Go hungry!
3	A staple popular steakhouse from what I know.  This chain is more than popular everywhere you go.  They definitely have it down when it comes to serving up "Meat" of all sorts.  My favorite was the bottom sirloin and the second runner up was the rib eye.  Most of the meats were cooked to perfection and juicy while some were over cooked.  The chicken was definitely over cooked and dry.  They have a nice salad bar cause truthfully after a while you want some greens in your diet so much appreciated.  They had everything from kale to apple salads to freshen up your palate.  Overall, a nice sit down dining experience and afterwards I hope some of you are like me.  I felt like running it off! -Enjoy!
4	The parmesan pork just melts in your mouth!
4	Let me start by saying...I really like this place. Tonight was the second time I have eaten at Fogo-Scottsdale and like the first time, I paid for it dearly.  I have literally eaten twice what my stomach can hold both times.  Part of the reason is that it's fairly expensive, $50/person, and I feel like I need to get my money's worth. LOL. But the bigger part is that it is genuinely good food. The salad bar is good with plenty to choose from and the sides (plantains, polenta, and potatoes) are also good. When you first sit down the bring you these little cheesy, doughy bread cubes. I have no freakin idea what they are called but they are awesome. Then the meat, this is what you come here for and this is what I over indulge on.  I'm really suffering now but an hour ago I was in meat heaven.  The lamb shanks and the bacon wrapped filet mignon are why I come here. Both were cooked perfectly and were juicy and full of flavor. I believe I sampled everything that they offered except for maybe one thing. The chicken was a lil dry but everything else was good. The service was fine as well. I have to take away 1 star because this isn't Morton's or Ruth's Chris or another top-shelf steak house. I'm actually glad that I can dress casual at Fogo because eating this quantity of food while wearing a suit would suck balls! As it is now, I'm laying on the couch hoping I can eliminate some of this excess food before bed while my idiot chihuahua hops around on my stomach. I'm so meat drunk that I can't summon the will to stop him. I'm actually hoping if he jumps on my stomach enough, it will induce vomiting and some of this pressure can be released. That being said, Fogo was awesome again. Many thanks to my wife for taking me here on my birthday. Hit it up, you won't regret it. Ok, maybe you will temporarily, but it's worth it.
3	This is a good place to with a group of people as they have a good salad bar, full bar, and the ability to setup large tables to accommodate a big party. You will have no excuse if you said you are going home hungry. The salad bar is fantastic, the service is on par. The prices are what one would expect as this is more of a buffet style establishment. The ambience is upbeat and noisy.  The last few times I have noticed quality control is starting to diminish. Almost all of the meat contained chunks of fat or pieces of cartilage. Thought we may have went on a bad night but it was the same story the next couple times we went. The food is still good you just have to work a little harder on your cut of meat.
5	Fogo de chao was a great expierence. Great people and great meat! If u want a great waiter ask for junior hes the man!!
5	I had a wonderfull great time dinning with friends and family.  Junior the Philippines server, he was awesome all night one of the best help. It's a plus on my behalf....love the lamb.
5	Great place to eat and dine. Our favorite server is "Junior".  We call him the meat master!! He is so kind and generous. Our favorite meat is lamb!!! Go there and ask for Junior!!  Rachel the hostess is awesome too!!
3	Our server was amazing, I think we could of been his only table (which some servers screw up not wanting to crowd but just end up not being around.)  The gauchos werent very friendly, but I guess theyre not supposed to be personable. I was disappointed in the salad bar, not much there, everything is cold.When your card is green and you just sit down its a bit overwelming... then it dies off and youre looking around, asking for specific things, I never did see the filet minion again.Mashed potatoes were so boring. Bananas were good, but nothing special. Out of all the meats my favorite was the parm crusted pork (usually dont care for pork and am a huge steak eater) the steaks just didnt have any flavor. Some were really salty. Some things were dried out. Overall, fun idea, fun with friends, great if your husband can eat a lot, get your moneys worth. But for me, it wasnt worth that amount for that quality. Id pay $50 for an amazing 5oz filet over this any day.
4	I went with my husband on a Monday night, so we had no issue getting a table despite not having reservations.  The concept was explained to us immediately upon being seated (you have a coaster-like card in front of you- when you flip the green side up, the meat starts coming (!), and when you turn it over to the red side, the meat stops), but we had dined at a Brazilian Steakhouse prior.  The only reason I'm not giving it five stars, is because I can't help but compare it to Braza, in Connecticut, which I give five starts all-around, but at Fogo, you will not leave disappointed.  The salad bar was fresh, the meat kept coming, we received the meat exactly the way we requested (medium-rare to medium), and dessert was on the house.  I had ordered an iced tea, and they even came around with a pitcher and continuously topped it off.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	I came here for Restaurant Week with my two girlfriends and we were served some of the most mouthwatering cuts of assorted roasted meats by some of the hottest Latin waiters I've ever laid eyes on...Holy smokes!!  0_0You know what they say, come for the meat and stay for the meat.
5	All you can eat varieties of meat with an awesome salad bar? What is this magical place you say? Fogo de chao! Very nice place with staff that bring you tons of varieties of meat. As a man this place is heaven, you can eat enough meat to be diagnosed with gout. All joking aside, I love this place. Try it.
5	This is my 5th time here.  It only gets better and better.  We brought to friends that had never had the Fogo experience.  One is a real "meat snob".  Wow! Once again,  the staff outdid themselves.  We had the pleasure of being served and checked on by Junior again.  I was thrilled to see him at our table because he always gives us exception service.  And a smile to boot.  Everyone had a great time,  amazing food and spectacular service once again. Fogo is the perfect treat.
5	Amazing as always. I have never been disappointed. I have been to Fogo in Beverly Hills only. But then tried this for the first time today for lunch.  When we noticed lunch was only $30 we jumped on it! We were wondering if there would be less of a meat selection due to it being lunch-but nope! The same great meats and excellent service. I love this place. If you want some delicious tasting meats and love the all you can eat experience-YOU MUST COME HERE! You will NOT BE DISAPPOINTED! I PROMISE!!!!!
5	This place is AMAZING! I go with my family every year for one of our birthdays and the customer service is always great, the food is amazing and it's all around fun. My tip is to try a small portion of everything and don't over eat at the salad bar. The cheese bread and plantains are bottomless and to die for! Don't forget dessert - I'm not a fan of flan, but man is it good here! It's expensive and completely worth every penny.
3	My hubby took me to Fogo de Chao for our anniversary. It was the first time I had been to a Brazillian style restaurant. The atmosphere was great and the food was good, but I am not sure that I would go back. The reason is beacuse I do not feel that I can eat enough of the food to justify the cost. I do eat meat of all kinds but would just rather have a great filet and call it a day. Now if you are a meat LOVER and like alot of options during your meal then this place may be for you.
5	So delicious. Service is awesome and unique. If you've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, you're missing out.
5	I attended the Scottsdale location on Saturday, August 30th.  I lost a gold ring at the valet driveway.  If found, please inform management.  Ring was great sentimental value.  Thank you.
5	We had so much fun!   We tried everything and everything was so yummy!  Just when I had enough, we found we had missed two different meats and we had to have a try.  As full as a was they were tasty too!
4	Fogo de Chao is probably one of the best restaurants I've been too. Obviously, its pretty upscale but definitely worth the money. The location couldn't be better. The food and service is amazing. Couldn't ask for more.
5	Always is very enjoyable to have diner at Fogo De Chao. Excellent food, service and atmosphere. Gustavo took care of my family much better than any luxurious cruise with his first class attention to every detail. Great place.
3	The food here was delicious, the service was good.  It was nice to go out with my sister, husband and brother in law.  What wasn't nice was having full glasses spilled down my husband's back.  While he was being his usual polite self, unlike most of the Scottsdale clientele usually would be, that doesn't mean that it was actually okay.  Had he NOT had things spilled on him, I would have been able to rate the service as impeccable as the food, though the Nouveau riche clientele were generally rude (yea I'm talking to you guy who tried to just jump in front of us at the hostess stand, AND the girl who couldn't WAIT to get at that asparagus - which was HUGE and delicious).  Unfortunately, while the staff and managers were all apologetic and asked if we were okay, that was all that happened.  We've never had drinks spilled on us at Fogo E Brasa, and the atmosphere is much more friendly. Their fashion of letting the staff know you would like more (or no) meat at any one time is much easier on the staff.While the food is excellent, and most of the service good, I was disappointed there wasn't more done for a table that was having their first experience and got to deal with enough drink to require a mop and new chair. We also had several times when our cards were green and the staff wandered around us, without stopping by. We didn't get a chance to try everything.So, I guess we're sticking with Fogo E Brasa. (Which is I guess now Brazilian Bull)
5	Not only do I really like meat that is brought over and carved in front of my face, but I loveee having my selection of salad and smoked meats and cheeses. I honestly don't think it's very worth it for me to come to a place like this because I can't eat that much food anymore (compared to when I was 17 and could probably eat an entire cow). Because of this, I only come for lunch because it's slightly cheaper with similar food (if not exactly the same) as dinner. This particular Fogo de Chao has great service and a really great manager. I was really impressed and it made my food taste even better!
4	Love this place! If you are a carnivore, then this place is for you. Julio was the best meat carver! He was extremely attentive, super friendly and goes above and beyond. . The server himself, the one serving the drinks, not so much. Our server was never around, always had to ask a meat carver to send him out. We went 10+ minutes a couple of times without a drink in front of us.  I would give this restaurant 5 stars if the server was better with checking in on us. Oh and the cocktail prices are comparable to drinking in Manhattan.. Good drinks but be prepared for high prices.
4	I have wanted to try this restaurant for over a year & tonight was the night. Great looking restaurant, nice bar, nice wine list.Very attentive staff and meat was very good quality. I personally don't dine at buffets or all you can eat establishments so take this review in consideration.  I ate very little off the salad bar and definitely wouldn't come here for just that. It's great & all but why spend $30 at a salad bar? Make sure to eat the ribeye & filet. Don't waste your stomach space on chicken or pork or sirloin. IMHO. The little devilish bread biscuits you get are yum! We were stuffed after this meal! Dessert was pretty good too.  I think one visit here is plenty. I prefer to spend my $ at a fine dining establishment with one steak versus 1o diff cuts per seating. Also, the sides could use some work.. No one really touched them.
5	Arrived again from another Scottsdale visit.   Place was super busy, but they found us a table quickly!  Like before the staff explained the procedures and set us loose.   I knew I liked their rib steak, so I waited for it first, before trying the other meats.   When I could eat no more, a server came by with Beef Ribs...I had to try.  They are now my second favorite and will have to ask for them earlier next time.
3	For a hefty meat eater, you'll enjoy the experience.  The red/green cards are like a polite way of snapping your fingers.  When you're green side up it's like screaming "Meat!  Bring meat now!"  Servers arrive with skewered meats (rare, medium, well) and you get to choose where they slice, using your tongs to grab hold of it.  I believe they had 16 different meats and/or cuts but take care not to miss one by following the picture pamphlet they give to first timers.There are plentiful refills on cheese rolls, sauteed bananas, and fried polenta.  If you're not heavily into meat, then you'll want to make use of these free refills.  The salad bar wasn't as widely stocked with veggies as I wanted.  It was lacking in that area.  Given that I went during lunch, we'll assume dinner time salad bar selections are much more plentiful.  But for the price, it would have to be twice as good.For me to give 5 stars, FdC would need to improve the veggie selections and offer dessert in the price.
5	Having been to Churrasco in Brazil, I already know that I am a fan of Brazilian Steakhouses in general.But the Fogo de Chao in Scottsdale, is probably the best one I've been to, and here's why - The cleanliness and decor are top notch.  Not that other Fogo's are not, but this one is the nicest of the ones I've been to.The service at this one is excellent!  And they really appreciate my few Portuguese phrases!  Muito Obrigado goes a long way here...Finally, as I have come to expect from Fogo de Chao, the food is excellent.Of course, if you don't like mouthwatering, perfectly cooked meat right off the skewer, then this place probably isn't for you.Oh, and if you are somehow able to flip your card over to red when someone keeps coming by to ask if you want another piece of filet mignon or picanha, their dessert is excellent as well.Enjoy...
5	I am in meat heaven! Everything is perfectly prepared, the service is fantastic and the manager Marco was phenomenal! We had an allergy issue and they knew not only what we could and could not have, they knew every ingredient in every dish! Eagerly looking forward to coming back!
5	Have been to a number of Brazilian Steakhouses and this one wins!  Salad bar was plentiful and the meat, OH THE MEAT... Fantastic.  Food was amazing enough to overlook the fact that we did not have a specific served.  Good they work as a team, but made it a bit difficult for drink refills, etc.  Not a huge deal, just a little strange to not have a single point-person to look to for drinks, the bill, etc.
5	I am surprised I have not written a review. I've been here a number of times and recommended it to many. This is a paleo, gluten free, dairy free, low carb, special dieters delight. Those with Celiac Disease (like myself) can come here and have no issue, even with the bread, which is pan de yucca, a tapioca (a root) flour and cheese bread. First you gorge yourself with their awesome salad bar with deli meats and cheeses and variety of fruits and veggies.Make sure you leave room in that 3rd leg though. Turn over the "GIVE ME MEAT NOW" card to green, and you will be inundated with attractive caballeros bearing large skewers of various protein from duck and chicken to lamb and different forms of beef.If your plate becomes too full, turn that card over to red and stop the flood of rich, well seasoned meats coming to your table until you are ready for another round.There are also many options regarding drinks, both of the alcoholic libation as well as non. The servers have always been very pleasant and attentive to us each time so my drink never went dry until I wished it to do so. This is well worth your time and money. It's a little pricy so we only come a couple times a year, but it's special every time.
5	I absolutely love coming here.  They have a wonderful atmosphere as well as wonderful food.  I enjoy almost every cut of meat they have.  The bar has a very nice feel to it and quite the selection of whiskey.  I don't know what else there is to say. Flip over your card and enjoy the Meat, Meat, and More MEAT!!!!!
5	Our server Junior was outstanding. His recommendations were on point!  Food was great. The recommendation for wine was on point. It was great!
4	Its hard for me to say much more then all the other review that this place has. This was the 3rd time coming here from the far west side of phoenix (over 40 miles away) and it is a meat lovers paradise. Servers are very attentive with all the various meats they serve.   our visits this time was to take out of town family member, who loves meat and has never been to a brazilin style steakhouse. I would probably visit Fogo more often but it is just so far from our house.
5	Great food, fun atmosphere, and the service is excellent! Great for a special occasion, just don't forget to come hungry.
4	The chicken wings are too salty. Lamb is not cooked well and has a little smell. Beef are great in general. Ans waiters and waitresses are really nice.
2	Love this place!! The Filet Mignon, Bottom Sirloin, and the house sirloin is to die for!! Salad bar is great too! We hit a Fogo anytime there is one where we are vacationing. We've eaten at San Antonio, Addison, Austin, and Scottsdale. The reason for the 2 Stars is because of the service. Scottsdale's location leaves A LOT to be desired! They have no idea how to refill drinks or even the bread basket. They also do not know the difference between medium, medium well, and well done. We were really disappointed :-(
2	First, on a personal note, I can't eat a lot in one sitting, so all-you-can-eat places generally aren't for people like me. $65 to eat an amount of food I could get for a third of the price doesn't make sense to me. If you can eat $65 worth of meat, by all means, come here. I was pleased with the meats. All were prepared well, and the flavor was amazing. I got to have leg of lamb, lamb chops, various steaks, and some pork loin. All were satisfying and tasty. My problem is with two things: value for the dollar, and soft drinks. The website for the establishment says all beverages and desserts are extra. Fine. But for $65 a head, I think I should be able to have a bottomless beverage, not $4 for each 12 oz can of ginger ale. This is America. Get with the program. Bottomless beverages are expected in this country. Install a fountain. I got to try a bite of the key lime pie, and it was no better than a slice of Edward's frozen key lime pie that you can get in any grocery store. Why do I mention this? Because a single slice of key lime pie here is $8.50. I can get the whole pie and a can of whipped cream for that and still have change left over. I am a frugal person, and I believe this place lacks a few amenities that its price tag would usually indicate. I probably won't be back any time soon.
4	Terrific! I am glad I chose this venue for our anniversary dinner.I've been wanting to go since they opened, but things have never worked out. My husband and I just celebrated our 10 year anniversary and I wanted to take him someplace special. What do [most] men love? Meat!I made our reservations on their website and requested a quiet corner for our anniversary.We were seated in a quieter corner (it is a big open space, noise travels, be prepared for that) where we could talk.  We were instructed about the courses (salad bar first, meat and side next) as they sat down the most wonderful popover style rolls and fried polenta - both hard to resist. We were also warned to pace ourselves. Excellent advice. Hard to follow. There are way too many delicious options.The salad bar isn't your typical american style salad bar with pre-cut veggies, salad dressings, etc. This had a pre-tossed salad, steamed veggies, dried/cured meats, cured fish, cheese, marinated mushrooms, pasta salad, rice, potatoes, and more that I cannot remember off the top of my head. It was wonderful!Next came the meat. They use little cards at the table. Green means "bring the meat", red means "no meat needed". The server brought out cheddar mashed potatoes and cooked bananas for our sides (I didn't care for the bananas, but my husband loved them). Then come the gauchos with long swords of meat: all kinds of beef, pork, chicken, and lamb. Different cuts, different seasonings, different cooked temperatures. And they come sometimes 2 at a time to the table. It can be overwhelming, but don't be afraid to say no or flip the card over and sample what you have already.We tried a little slice of just about everything, but over the course of about an hour. We'd get a few slices, flip the card over so they would go to the next table, enjoy, repeat.Our server, Robert (who was fantastic) brought out a little chocolate lava cake and ice cream with the words "Happy Anniversary" spelled out on the plate in strawberry sauce. It was wonderful. But by that time I was so full that I had one bite and taped out. It was a great experience.That being said, I dressed up and it seemed like no one else did.  It was a little disheartening to be seated next to a group of guys who looked like they just left the gym - and yes, I get they really can't control the attire of their clientele without going formal..  And for the cost (not cheap, $50 for dinner), I would have preferred a place where people didn't bring little kids.  This is not a family restaurant. I know I wouldn't bring my kids. Men are carrying around giant blades of meat for crying out loud. Their were several babies crying and it was very distracting. I was there to get away from my own babies for an hour or so.
5	I've been fortunate enough to eat at Fogo in four different locations around the country and with some regularity - Manhattan, Dallas, Austin, and the shining jewel in the Fogo crown, Scottsdale AZ.   The quality of the food, from the salad components to the exquisite prime Angus beef is pretty much unmatched anywhere.  Decor is always pleasant and the service impeccable.  But nowhere is this more true than in the Scottsdale branch.  From the moment I arrive to the moment I leave I free like a king.  That's something that really resonates with me.  The staff is exceptional at all levels from the top down.  Professionalism and courtesy have clearly been instilled in everyone.  Dinner always starts with a caipiranha and some pao de queijo, a sort of Brazilian cheesy (gluten-free) bread. Then you face an overload of choice at their fantastic salad bar.  There is a temptation to go to town here but regulars know to save their appetite for the meat.  And the flick of the wrist from red to green on a colored coaster-type card signals the gauchos to begin the onslaught of meat.  For a real carnivore like myself it's heaven on the hoof!  They have about a dozen different cuts of meat including some beef, pork, lamb, and chicken.  The house specialty  is Picanha, which is a beef top sirloin that's rubbed with sea salt and spit grilled.  It's a simple preparation that makes the flavor of the beef really stand out.  From there you get inundated with filet mignon, bottom sirloin, garlic rubbed beef, parmigiano pork, etc and it doesn't end until you eventually cry "enough!"  There are side dishes too including garlic mashed potatoes, polenta, and fried bananas.  The latter are a great offset to the salted meat.  When you've had enough meat get the papaya cream for dessert with some creme de cassis to top it off.  All this for one low set price, less than a single steak at some restaurants. With the exception of two or three things the menus is celiac and soy free.  I get to eat all over the world on business and I've eaten at some phenominal world class restaurants including a 2-star Michelin restaurant.  There are great places out there but when I consider the food quality, variety, service, and price, I keep coming back to Fogo as being somewhat unmatched.  Clearly I can't say enough good things about this place but I'm being honest about my experiences.  Check it out if you're ever in the Phoenix area or anywhere else there's a branch.  I promise you won't be disappointed.  Now if they'd just bring back the beets on the salad bar.....
5	My boyfriend and I love this place! Great mojitos and be ready to eat! Great lighting. Lots of room.
3	This is one of those places that you must try at least one time. It is a fun experience and the meat its regularly pretty good.Do not come on a holiday, they do not maintain the same level of service and food quality
5	I love this place! It's a bit pricey so it's definitely a special occasions place but the food and service is phenomenal! My favorite is the lemon pepper lamb but I don't really say no to any of the others ;)  I love the salad bar as well for all the options that aren't meat.  The bread they bring to the table are like little clouds of heavenly goodness, I could eat them all day.
5	Absolutely phenomenal. Super fancy and cute for a date or anniversary or anything like that. They bring you every kind of meat you can try. The desserts are good as well. So is the coffee. Very nice people and great atmosphere! :)
5	We have been coming here for years and after our last experience over the Thanksgiving Holiday weekend, we finally decided to write a review.  Not much to be said--food and service is phenomenal.  On-par with (or better than) their other locations nation-wide.  Meat selection is fantastic, preparation is top-notch, flavor is unbelievable.  Salad bar is huge and everything is delicious.  We go for lunch based on price.  Dinner is about twice as expensive and worth it more for the social aspect than the max-fill possibilities.  We try to get here at least twice per year.  And after we leave, we're non-mission-capable for about 36 hours afterwards!  All the service staff are very friendly and expeditious in their missions.  At night, when it gets PACKED, they still manage to keep up the pace.  But we really prefer the lunchtime version, because of price and rapidity of service.  We don't drink anything but water, so can't comment on bar or soft-drink offerings, but if you are looking for a bona-fide rodizio experience that will leave you full and happy for a day and a half, give them a try!
5	Been there multiple times last one being days ago.Service is always great. Every time we are very happy with service from the moment we walk in to the moment we leave.When it comes to food, this place is second to none in terms of Brazilian barbecue. They have the finest cuts and superb variety.Needless to say I'll come back again and again...
5	Great selection of food and salad. Stellar serviceSurely a great dining experience
5	This place was simply deeeeeeelicious.  They have a wonderful salad bar with lots of cold meats and greens.  After I got my salad I sat down and used the nice card system thingy to get the meat fest on.  They will ATTACK you with food, so once my plate was full I flipped my card over and began to eat. They have the tastiest meats ever, my favorites were the Parmesan crusted pork chop and the bacon wrapped filet mignon.  All of them were wonderfully seasoned and tender.  I left feeling I really got my money's worth of yumminess.
4	The meats and salad bar are simply amazing. I seriously gain 5 lbs each time I come. So good.
4	If you love meat, you should come to Fogo de Chao.  Many different cuts and preparations of many different meats - beef, pork, lamb, chicken - are offered continuously.   Someone is always stopping by your table with something new.  The  meats also come with interesting but filling side dishes, so pace yourself so you can eat the meat, which is the main event.I have also skipped the meat on occasion and gone just for the salad bar, which is excellent and full of good things - not typical American salad bar items.  I was happy with it.This place is not cheap but it's highly enjoyable.
3	Texas de Brazil is much better, from the bread and other appetizers to the soup and salad bar. We were somewhat disappointed bit it was on overall. They seemed to come around with their house steak constantly and only rarely with chicken.
2	Wow what a serious disappointment. The service was really poor; waiter forgot the wine and the check and we sat for almost 30 min without food or drinks. The food was sad too. Of 17 meats, we barely got to try half and what we did try was all mediocre. Then there is the giant price tag for all of this and it ends up being a bitter pill to swallow. Will not be back; will not recommend.
3	Wow, just wow! Love the concept of an all-you-can-eat Brazilian steakhouse. I recommend making reservations if you are planning to come here, but they won't seat you until your entire party is present. This place is great for groups. And I love the red light/green light system so no one is bothering you for more food when you're not ready and you stay seated for protein and a selection of sides. Just remember to turn over your card as needed. You only get up for the salad bar. The selection is okay. This is a great way to celebrate someone or spend time with family and friends with great food. And definitely come with a big appetite. A couple things though - there was one meat I was dying to have and even had to have a waitress call them over and they still never came. Eventually over time I became too full to have it when I was asked if I still wanted it. For the price, I'm not sure if I ate as much as it's worth so beware of that. Don't come here if you don't appreciate high quality, perfectly seasoned meat or if you're a picky eater. On a good note, they give complimentary full-sized dessert for birthdays if you tell your server. This place was really good but probably a one-time thing for me.
5	Had my favs with leg of lamb and lamb racks; really to die for!!! Our lead waiter Lou was so awesome, attentive to our needs, and very generous.  This is by far our most favorite place for carnivores like us!!!
5	This restaurant had awesome service from beginning to end.  The meats were all easily available, and if they weren't multiple people checked on the status.  I would highly recommend this place. Just be prepared to drop some cash.
5	This is the first Brazilian steak restaurant I ever went to. I've wanted to go back for years but never did. We decided to go here today to start the new years off right. What an amazing experience! The food really is perfect.
5	The food is superb.  There is a great selection and the meats are always cooked perfectly.  The filet mignon is so tender and the picanha (house special) is delicious with the perfect sear on one side. I've recently discovered how delicious the pork chop on my latest visit although all the meat and non-meat offerings are wonderful.  I didn't think there can be anything better than the food but the service just blows me away.  The manager Ryan is always so welcoming.  My favorite server is Phil, who always takes care of us.  He sees my husband and I walking into the restaurant and he automatically sends our favorite meats to our table.  All the servers work together to provide an excellent dining experience.  We can't wait for our next trip to Fogo!
5	If you want an out-of-this-world dining experience - this is the place!!! The atmosphere is elegant and comfortable done in style! The service is phenomenal! The food is to die for!!! Watch their video via their website before going and eat strategically to get your money's worth....This place is expensive - check their web site for current prices. I wouldn't bring small children here and I would recommend at bare minimum, dress jeans and a polo shirt.A solid 5 stars!!!
5	I went here for the first time for New Years Eve and it was AMAZING. the customer service is great and the servers were on top of everything. I highly recommend the filet mignon wrapped in bacon. Probably the best steak I've ever had. It is definitely on the pricey side but worth every penny.
5	This place is so good, but you get full so fast. Make sure to not eat the salad bar first. Try each type of meat that comes to your table. Enjoy!
