4	So Jamie and I were walking on the Strip right after seeing Cher at Caesar's Palace. Yes, Cher....all 63 years of her and not an ounce of fat on her. If she could back ti-yummm...ti-yummmmm. Anyway, amid the drunken youngsters drinking the bong-shaped decanters of margaritas, we suddenly heard the ghostly voice of Celine Dion screeching to us that her heart will go on. My God, isn't she back in Montreal yet? I avoided Vegas for six years so I wouldn't have to hear that pompous voice of hers. Alas, it was the sound system at the Fountains of Bellagio playing her overplayed song as the waters danced to the bombast. Gratefully, it was the very end we had to hear, so we waited patiently for the next show in fifteen minutes. This time, it was Lee Greenwood singing his tribute to Reaganomics - "God Bless the USA" - and you can see how those policies have brought us today to near financial ruin. Regardless, the fountains are quite a sight, especially at night with all the lights adding yet another dimension.Apparently, there are three types of nozzles used to make the special effects - oarsmen (jets with a full range of spherical motion); shooters (which shoot water upwards); and super shooters (which send the water up as high as 250 feet in the air). Gee, that sounds like one of the sex shows that those guys are selling with those cards that they pluck and snap as you pass by. The whole extravaganza lasts about three to four minutes, and no worry if you miss one as another show comes in fifteen to thirty minutes depending on the time of day. It's quite a dazzler, and your only other free option is watching the Sirens of T.I. (Treasure Island). I am so not in that target audience.Oh yeah, here's my video of that waterworks show...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8ehU_hPD5E
5	WOW...was all i can say.Its only water spraying out, but if u really get into it.. its very touching and romantic.  The music, water, the bellagio..speechless.
3	The bellagio fountains has it's charms. It's entertaining and interesting. Also, it's very simplistic. It's pretty much water choreographed to music. The only thing that I hate about the fountains is the people. I mean honestly, you would think that they had never seen water before. When the show started, people just pushed through to see the fountains. I honestly could not understand why everyone was fighting over a show that starts every 15 minutes. Then they pulled out their video cameras and pretty much blocked the entire view. Oh, and think you can hear the music? Not with families. They hold full conversations IN YOUR EAR. My advice, watch a video of the fountains on youtube. It'll be much easier with less drama. Instead of watching this show, go see the waterfall show at the Wynn. If you can find the private balcony (which is hidden in the corner), you'll be able to get a first hand view of the show AND they serve drinks. If you are staying at the bellagio, with the right room, the fountains are the perfect way to relax. You can watch the show from your room without the stress of other people.
5	I would like a job choreographing the water.  How does one make that happen?I'm a fan of the Sinatra and some of the opera routines, but the other ones have got to go. (Bleh.)I've already choreogrpahed a number to 'Clark Gable' by The Postal Service.And I seriously need a job.  This one would be perfect if it wasn't in Las Vegas.  (Bleh.)
5	My first experience was during the day and I was on the side of Bellagio and facing the Eiffel Tower. That was pretty wonderful and I got some great shots. They played a Sinatra song and towards the end I (and everybody standing near me) got a light "Bellagio fountain" shower.... that was unexpected, but... felt kind of good!The second experience was at night and I was on the other side (next to fountains, but on the Paris side). The show was lovely and Bellagio looked quite lovely all lit up. More great pictures, no shower, but the song they chose was some super-patriotic one that I didn't like that much. Ah well.The shows are very short, but I think they're definitely worth the ~5 minutes of standing and watching.
5	ok, you redeemed yourself
5	oh dear fountains....you were a wonderful companion My room at the Bellagio gave me a wonderful view of you at all hours of the day....your many songs and beautiful lights enticed me everytimeI was very sad when it was too windy for you to come out and play
4	It takes everything I have not to give these fountains one star because of the effing Celine Dion music they play during half of the shows. B kept asking me, with Celine Dion wailing in the background, "What happened to Frank [Sinatra?]" Every time we walked past these fountains, god damn Celine Dion came on to torment us. It is, however, HILARIOUS when she comes on after several stiff drinks. But still, we were sober part of the time, and that Celine Dion crap just isn't funny when one is sober, so minus one star. I still have that effing "wherever you are" song stuck in my head, 3 days later, which is why I just can't give the fountains five stars.Here's is what I'm basically saying: if you're in your room (above the 18th floor) the fountains get 5 stars because you can't hear the music in the background. But if I'm singing Celine Dion in Las Vegas, that is just depressing, and I'm blaming it on these fountains. Play Frank Sinatra!
5	Time to say goodbye........that's all I'm sayin...........gives me goosebumps...this fountain soothes my soul.
4	Very cool and this was very free. So that is one real reason to come see the show. Of course seeing it at night is a completely different experience as well. I enjoyed seeing the Fountains. I took pics and videos. Check it out!
5	Great lighting, great music, great choreography. I stayed at the Bellagio and found myself walking to S Vegas Blvd just to check out the fountain show. If you enjoy the show check out the Fontana Bar inside of the Bellagio and request for outside seating, trust me you wont be disappointed.
4	always one of my favourites, no matter how old it gets..  =)
5	This is one of those things you simply must see in Las Vegas.  Of the free experiences on the Las Vegas Strip, this is the best.There are several songs that they rotate, and the show takes place every 15 minutes during the day and into the evening.  If you stay in one of The Bellagio rooms facing the fountain, you can listen to the music on your television.5 stars for being amazing.
3	The Fountain at the Bellagio is really, a very cool fountain.  But it loses its first star for... well... being a fountain.  Come on people, i get that it's an impressive water show, and that it's one of the only places in town where you can see something mildly entertaining for free, but there is NO NEED TO APPLAUD.  Seriously, it's automated water.  (Thanks for costing a perfectly good fountain its second star you hillbillies!)  That said, my jaded ass did stop and watch it several times so I can't go ahead and be too much of a bastard in my review.  It IS cool.  It IS worth seeing.  And they DO play cool music to go along with it.  Well worth a look when your passing by, and even better at night.
4	I can imagine seeing this everyday would grow tiresome for those who work or live in Vegas.  I don't, so it's nice and peaceful.  +4 stars for it's nice peaceful music and presentation.....it wasn't crowded at night.-1 for no Elvis songs while we were there.+1 for no Celine Dion songs while were there.Keep a hand on your wallets though, displays like this are heaven for pickpockets.  (Most likely why Bellagio has security on bicycles out on the sidewalks.....well that and for drunks/fights.)
5	huge amount of water, wasted, in desert, free. unbeatable deal for a show, unbelievable when you think about where you are seeing this. The shows are every hour on weekdays and every half hour on weekends. See it several times during the evening since the lighting is creative and the soundtrack changes with every show.
5	This is by far the classiest thing in Las Vegas.And it's free. I would probably pay to see this, but I'm glad that I don't have to.
4	Yes, so it's the most touristy thing in Vegas. But after staying in a Bellagio room that looked down over the fountains, I can only love these things. I feel a little guilty recommending something that uses so much water and energy unnecessarily, but it IS Vegas.
5	Its a MUST if your on the strip! Its awesome to see. me and the hubby always come to watch everytime we are in vegas...If you can check out the show from the eiffel tower! ITS AWESOME at night! and you can get some beautiful pictures. By the way....the show ends at midnight...We learned this the hard way...We stood there from 2am to 330am waiting for the show...lol...what dumb asses...but hey believe it or not we were not the only ones waiting..lol....they should seriously consider posting a sign somewhere...lol...
5	This was def a favorite of mine on the strip. The choreography and music were fantastic. I was staying across the street @ Paris and could see the show from my window, so I def had the best seat in the house. We also walked over to Bellagio to get some of the night shows on tape. They came out great. We watched and taped 2 Frank Sinatra songs. So pretty. Loved it. Not to be missed.
5	This is one of the BEST attractions in Las Vegas free or not!  So, you can watch this free water and fountain show in front of the Bellagio from any angle.  If you are staying in the hotel, pay for the upgrade to be on the fountain side.  It's worth it.  There is a fountain's music channel so you can watch the fountains with the music from the TV.If you are not staying at the hotel, you can stand in front or on the sides of the fountains. There is no bad angle! If you haven't seen it, the fountains are an 9 acre lake with choreographed multi-directional fountains. The show takes place every 30 minutes in the afternoons and early evenings, and every 15 minutes from 8 PM to midnight. The final show at midnight is God Bless the USA. The show is amazing and there is a new song each time (with a play list of songs that alternates throughout the day).  My favorites are 'Singing in the Rain' and 'One from a Chorus Line'.  If you aren't staying at the Bellagio, then it can be a long walk to the front of the hotel.  I found it easiest to valet park at Ballys hotel across the street and then take the bridge over the strip.  Then you have a short walk to the front of the hotel for the best view (central location for those of us who need to be in the middle).This is a MUST SEE! Don't miss it!
5	This is the best thing Vegas has to offer. It's so awesome, It's been the background on my phone for the past year. It's FREE, It happens throughout the day and night, what else could you ask for? It's also linked to music and there are so many other things in the background that make this the best Polaroid spot in Vegas.
5	I love water and I loved these fountains.  It was breathtaking watching the show.  We were in Vegas in August, 105* days.  Watching the show gave us a nice mist that cooled us off for a few minutes.  But man what a great free performance done by just a fountain!  So cool.  This is a must see if you have the time to walk over.
5	I love watching the water rise and fall . These fountains are very beautiful at night . The water just gets higher and higher . There's nice beautiful singing in the background . I love it !! It'd be even more romantic if you were watching it in one of the hotel rooms by the fountains with your significant other and drinking wine hehe . I feel guilty about how much unnecessary water and energy that this fountain uses but hey , it Vegas ! .. where almost every building takes up a lot of unnecessary energy .
5	Somehow during every trip, any time of year, we catch Con te Partio as our last show before heading back to the hotel for the evening.  It's the first show we ever saw (at the grand opening - which was also our wedding anniversary) and it's remained (by luck) the last show we see every trip.  The best view, of course, is street level, center stage.  Some of the best performances are 'One' (from A Chorus Line) and 'Your Song' (the Ewan McGreggor version from Moulin Rouge).   Any song with a more dramatic ending will lend to a more spectacular explosion of lights and blasts from the fountains.The ultimate romantic backdrop.  Want to see it without a trip to sin city?  Rent Oceans Eleven (the Clooney version).
5	What can I say, it's awesome, especially at night.
5	It doesn't matter if you're a tourist or a long-time local, the fountains at Bellagio are a must see.The show happens every half hour starting at 3pm and and goes well into the evening.  Each half hour has a different song usually something classy (Sinatra), dramatic (Bocelli), romantic (Dion) or fun (Pink Panther).  Each song has it's own special water choreography making use of the entire faux lake in front of Bellagio.Even though the show starts in the afternoon, you must come back at night.  The lit up water with the backdrop of the strip might be the most beautiful thing you see in Vegas.  For five minutes your mind can take a break from the artificial city and take in this awesome free work of art.  And since Bellagio attracts an international crowd, it's really cool to see people of all walks of life come together to appreciate it.I guess the only thing I would change is maybe try something with more modern tunes.  Still, the fountains are more than deserving of five stars.
5	if i'm grumpy, in a bad mood, or angry at someone.. just put me in front of the Bellagio's fountain show and i'll be all happy and forget everything.this show makes me smile everytime.my favorite song for the show = Time To Say Goodbye; it just goes sooo well w/ the fountain
4	stunning!!!!!!!!
5	Very exciting free show to watch.
5	one of the better attractions in Las Vegas.  seeing it from above.. even better.
5	To tell you the truth, I prefer this free show to many paid shows in Vegas. I must've seen it more than 10 times and it still amazes me.The coordination of music, water and light is spectacular. I've only seen it from street level and might try to catch it from higher ground next time.If they only served free food during the show, I would give it 6 stars.
5	I never actually *thought* to do a review on this but since it is here I will. The fountains are one of my favorite things about Vegas. It's awesome if you can stay at a Hotel that has a view of these fountains. Of course, being on ground level and seeing them is the best though. My favorite song to see/hear the fountains is "Time to Say Goodbye" by Andre Bocelli. It's spectacular. For some reason it brings tears to my eyes. Prob because the song is so sad to me. But anyway, for a free show, these fountains are GREAT!
5	Best free show on the strip.  Spend some time here and watch the show from different angles around the lake.  Side tip:  Skip the Sirens of TI and stick around for a 2nd or even 3rd show of the fountains.  With the different types of songs and choreography, each show is unique and distictive.
5	Awesome FREE show! Looks cool from the top of the "Eiffel"
5	It's right on the strip, you can watch it every half hour starting at 3pm, and it's free!  What more can you ask for?My wife and I watched one show in its entirety for the first time ever, and it was just lovely!TIP:  If you're going to wait for a show, go to the middle.  People, for some reason, crowd in the corner underneath the "O" sign.Afterward, stroll into the hotel and check out the Botanical Gardens... also free!
5	Everytime I go to Las Vegas, I always make time to see the Fountains of Bellagio at least once.  Definitely, the best free show on the strip.My favorites are Time To Say Goodbye, Viva Las Vegas, All That Jazz, and Luck Be A Lady.Even though this is an 'old' attraction, it's aging very well and still attracting audiences.
5	Excellent synchronized dancing waters.  They play every 15 minutes, and it's a different musical score every time.  It's great to watch the water at play, and to see in it echoes of the Busby Berkeley girls.  OK, it's computer-driven, but the water pumps are huge.  There's an impressively big BOOM that comes out of the pumps when a tall wall effect is called for in the "choreography."
5	What can I say that the others haven't already said? It's a nice show and free. Tip: If you don't mind seeing it off to the side, go up the escalator as if you're going to the hotel and watch the show from the walkway there. Ahhhh... peace and quiet and no crowd to battle once the show is over.Visit Date: 11/16/09 & 11/17/09
4	I think in Vegas it's hard not to be a fan of free stuff, and this is definitely one of the best of the free stuff(s) you can find in Vegas. This show runs at night every 15 minutes and every 30 minutes during the day. I think there are either 3 or 4 varieties, but I've only seen 3. The music comes across quite clear and the water show is spectacular. It's a nice sight for anyone walking by happen to catch it.The best part though, is being up in the Paris tower while watching this show at night. You can see all the lights and patterns that the water fountains make and definitely makes the show more special.
4	Alright, I'm gonna be Brad Pitt aka Rusty from Oceans 11, and you can be the old guy, fine you can be Brasher aka Don Chedle. Free stuff in Vegas is pretty awesome. Its every 15 min after 8pm till midnight. before then its every 30 min. Its pretty amazing to watch, though some of the songs they pick its a crap shoot. Sometimes its a great song, and sometimes you're wondering wtf? But you'll be amused at these water fountains. Dance for me water I say! Dance! Its free and you can take pictures or videos. Mind you, people will be selling light up crap there, flowers and other people will be dressed up as god knows what in that area too. I saw 3 slutty angels, one good, one bad and one devily angel there all slutty. I saw willy wonka, the joker and captain jack sparrow all dressed up on the same block near the fountains along with 2 crazies with a blow horn handing out flyers saying that jesus loves you. Now if i could get them all into a picture with the fountains going on, that would be priceless.  but in the meantime, enjoy the show.
5	I never get tired of this water show! I've seen it probably close to 3 dozen times and I STILL enjoy it, especially on cab rides up and down the strip..this is entertaining during that crazy traffic hour.What can top a free water show that jump in synchronization with beautiful Andrea Bocelli music?
4	It's like going to Bullwinkles on super steroids, oh and without the cheesy robots. My first experience with water dancing shows was at Bullwinkle's, so every time I see one it takes me back a ways. This one, is cool with the Bellagio set in the background and it's free (well not free, that large chunk of change you just "deposited" at the Bellagio funded your "free" show, but hey... we'll just pretend it's free). It's a great example of over the top, huge scale Vegas in all it's glory.
5	When it starts, everyone in a block's radius is paralyzed and must watch this show.  Well, except the card snappers.  But they do not exist in the same reality you or I do -- no, they are shades of Hades, dancing flickers of pornographic cards.    But we the living and soul-infused can enjoy these dancing jets of light so much!   When they blast Rat Pack songs, you can't help but feel a bit lighter than you did before.  The 78 ounce Hurricane smoothy thing you're drinking out of a boot doesn't hurt either...
5	Pretty but get there early so that you get a good spot.
5	Great free show that is awesome to watch at night.  The music rotates and the water program changes so you can catch a different show when you walk by from time to time. A Vegas trip isn't complete without walking by the Bellagio and catching the fountain show out in front!
5	Absolutely one of my favorite attractions in Vegas!Such a beautiful production of a perfectly synchronized water show to music.  Talk about Wow factor, Bellagio definitely always knows how to put on a show.  As my buddy David B. states, a good'ol American song is definitely one of the best times to watch the show.  My favorite performance is Whitney Houston's version of the National Anthem. Powerful, breath-taking, jaw dropping, graceful and elegant all in one--and can even bring a tear to the eye.  In my opinion one of the best songs to watch the show. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rz3qOZPMUCQAndrea Bocelli and Sarah Brightman's duet of "Time to Say Goodbye" is also                   B E A U T I F U  L!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKUxVtrEQ1s&feature=relatedOverall, what could be so spectacular about watching water fountains?  Walk by Bellagio for this free water show, and you will find out.
5	This was a very spectacular show, the first time I saw this was when I was really little so I don't remember much of it. I finally came back to Vegas again and watched this with my friends at night. There is a really warm and romantic feeling when your watching. The Bellagio looks so beautiful in the background (at night, well either way it looks beautiful), I was wishing that the boyfriend was there with me to watch it. =( Definitely need to experience this show at night!They play different songs throughout the day, I think they have a list of songs that they play and the times they play that song. This is also a free show, so why not check it out! The show runs every 15 minutes at night and 30 minutes during the daytime, just as someone who previously reviewed this said. Try to get here early, because it does get really crowded!
5	free and gorgeous must-do!! if it's your first time to watch it, try to get a spot at the center/front of the fountain (facing bellagio) since you get the best view and sound there.
5	This is MY FAVORITE ATTRACTION IN LAS VEGAS. Period!I've been to Las Vegas 4 times now and have never grown tired of seeing the fountain show. Impressive, will blow any other fountain show you've ever seen out of the water. (haha.) Definitely a must-see especially at night.
5	This is one of my favorite things about Vegas.  One of the few things that chokes me up every time I see it, besides the movie Rudy.  My husband is instructed when I die my ashes go here.
5	This is a must-see when you go to Vegas. It's as spectacular as it always looks when they show it in the movies. You have to go see it both during the day and at night so that you can get the full on experience!
5	Awesome!So elegant, yet so simple in thought.  And its free too!  It's always easy to catch a show since it runs every 15 minutes at night, or 30 minutes during the day.The only bad thing about this attraction is if the weather is windy.  Because the wind may cause some water to spray into the crowds.  But otherwise, neat-o!
4	We sat and waited for fifteen minutes for the Fountains of Bellagio show to start. I was waiting for an epic scene of fountains skyrocketing towards the sky, with some classical music, much like that of the ending of the new Oceans 11. Alas, I didn't get my classical music with the fountains blazing, I got shafted.They didn't play some classy music, or some awesomely beautiful song to pair with the fountain display, no, they played "God Bless the USA" by Lee Greenwood. Fucking Lee Greenwood, are you kidding me Bellagio?! The entire experience was killed while listening to that shit song play over the PA, as if it were going to warm the hearts of the American visitors.PUKE.
5	when we stayed here last year we got the room with the fountain view. wow !!   stunning!!!  watching it from your room is amazing and romantic. especialy when the tv is snyced with the fountains and its playing andre bochelli =)    Watching it from outside is alot of fun to..a must see.  Music is amazing though
5	My favorite thing about Vegas I think :)So yeah, some of the songs are a little dated (my heart will go on??? wtf?) but the fountains play so often, just stick around for the next one and hopefully it'll be a better song!Best viewed at night I think. Even better from the Eiffel Tower observation deck at Paris. Just watch out for people trying to get married in front of the Bellagio lake during a show. About 2 min before the show was to begin a photog asked us to move so a couple could get married/take pics in front of the show. Ummm excuse me? We've been here like 20 min staking out our spot for the show and you're trying to steal it from me? Not cool man. Not cool.
4	These fountains are so fun.  And they go on for a whole song. We watched it to "Luck be a Lady" by Sinatra.  Very suiting for Vegas. It was a Very entertaining 10 minutes of my life. Well the show was less than 10 minutes, but getting out of there was part of the entertainment. You're a fool if you go to Vegas and don't see this fountain show. It's free!
5	The Fountains at Bellagio truly lived up to my expectations.  The lighting, music, and synchronized water show absolutely blew me away.  The same can be said for the rest of the crowd gathered on the street watching, too.  There were audible *gasps* when the water cannons shot high into the night sky.The Fountains have been featured in countless movies (Most notably to me: Ocean's 11 and 13! We stood where they stood.  It was fun!) and are an iconic part of Las Vegas history.The shows run every 15 minutes after 6 pm, which makes them easy to see while wandering the Strip with your camera and your people-watching goggles.  There are different songs and different "choreographs" of the water dancing, so it's an all-night entertainment spectacle.  (Photos Above)It's Must-See.
4	A Vegas MUST if it is your first time. Romantic and inspiring.. the jets shoot so high into the air, it is amazing! There is a bar inside the Bellagio.. Fontaine that has a great terrace to view from and if you are wanting to fine dine with a view of them, it is Picasso!
4	The Bellagio fountains is a must do every time you're in Vegas!The choice in music ranges but for some reason every time I happen to walk by they're playing Celine Dion which I find pretty boring. I love it when they play some older classics like Frank Sinatra, Nat King Cole or Dean Martin. I think they should mostly play that kind of music but if they really want to play pop or contemporary stuff then maybe they should think about allowing people to make requests or suggestions.My friend and I were talking about other possible music selections and METALLICA came to mind. I know there are people that don't like that kind of music but just visualize it. It's a perfect fit!!
5	I just love the fountains.  So beautiful and powerful! I am especially fond of "Time To Say Goodbye" (Andrea Bocelli).  It is just absolutely amazing to watch, and a must see if you go to Las Vegas!  They are also nice to see from the Eiffel Tower across the street at Paris.
5	I would come to Vegas just to see these fountains, because they really are that gorgeous and you are sure to get goosebumps from watching these fountains. I was in Vegas for about 4 days and every day we made sure to stop by at night just to watch them. They are breathtaking!! Definitely a must see whenever you're in Vegas.One of my favorite performances is definitely Faith Hill's "This Kiss"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_chylF1wGw
5	Last but not least from my long queue of places to write about... the fountains were one of the understated highlights of my December trip to Vegas.It really is an entirely different experience in person. For one thing, you get to hear very well synced up music while surrounded by lots of people instead of just in front of your TV. For another thing, the water is astonishingly loud. To me, it's like the difference between watching fireworks on TV and watching them in person.It also didn't hurt that I've been obsessed with the Vegas closing scene to Ocean's Eleven since 2001, so it was really gratifying to finally see it for myself.
2	Proof that we haven't progressed that far from being entertained by jangling keys as a baby.It's a fountain with big jets of water shooting into the air. There are musical standards playing. There are hundreds of people staring at the water shooting into the air, mesmerized by SPRAYING WATER.  It makes it harder for me to get down the block to where I'm going, but otherwise I suppose people can enjoy whatever they like.I just don't get it.
5	This show is well crafted, beautiful, surprisingly loud, and powerful and perfectly synchronized with the music.  The music is bland and boring, but even without it, the water is impressive.
4	The Fountains of Bellagio never get old.  Weather your a local like myself or someone seeing them for the first time, the Bellagio Fountains are a spectacular harmony of water and music.  As far as free shows go this is definitely the must-see.
5	This is one of the highlights of Las Vegas to me.  These are absolutely beautiful, day or night.  I can -- and generally do at some point each trip -- stay for an hour or three in the vicinity just to catch the full cycle of the various fountain shows . . . and occasionally catch my favorite (whatever it may be at the time) more than once.  And this despite all else there is to do and see around Vegas.  Even just hanging out by the pond (or whatever it would be) and enjoying the scenery is relaxing . . . and admittedly, the central and open location makes for some of the best people-watching too.
4	Out front of the Bellagio is a really spectacular array of fountains.  In the movie The Hangover, these fountains appear at the beginning of the movie while they are arriving in Las Vegas.  That is one picture I have in my head.The experience of watching these fountains perform to certain musical masterpieces is really amazing.  People walking down the street stop, cars pull over, those inside the Bellagio stop to take a glance and others inside the Eiffel Tower in Paris across the street get one heck of show too.  No matter where you are watching this fountain show, you will appreciate it.
5	I'm amazed at the people who "don't get it". We live here in Vegas and the Bellagio fountains are one of my favorite things about this city. Seriously, it is in my top 5.  I guess it is something for those of us who know how to take time to enjoy simple pleasures.
5	If you enjoyed the dancing fountain and Italian music during the day, go back and watch this spectacle at night -- this is even more enchanting!
5	I smile every time. Amazing fountain show set to music. Viva Las Vegas.
4	While some of the music can occasionally be a little a little off-putting, I absolutely love how beautifully the fountains dance. The way the water moves paired with the lights - spectacular! It manages to do what Vegas is all about: be "over-the-top" ... without being absolutely gaudy. This was obviously a very elegantly planned attraction. It's almost routine that my trips to Vegas consist of a dinner at Olives with patio seating for the perfect view over dinner.
3	Pretty fountains... water movement to music.Looks delightful and sounds nice.It is FREE entertainment in Vegas!
4	I give'em 4 stars, wifey would probably give'em 5. A fun place for locals & tourists to check out a really neat water fountain display that shoots hundreds of feet in the air. Stop by the Fontana bar and grab a drink on your way out to enjoy the show.
5	I love going to see the fountains!  It's something fun to do that's FREE!  I like to stop and slow down a bit and this is a great way to do that.  I love that all the shows are different and you never really know what you're going to get-- the music could be Celine Dion ("My Heart Will Go On"), Andrea Bocelli ("Time to Say Goodbye) or music from Chicago the musical.  I make it a point to see at least once every time I'm in Vegas!  Here's a video from 6-14-09:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzsyD-8LMvI
4	this is the best corny thing in the world.  it is corny, when you really think about it.  the fountains, the music -- just off the strip -- and a part of a casino.  very corny indeed.  but in the end, you enjoy it.  and it's free...i mean, who can beat that in vegas?  so watching the water "sing" and "dance" is a must-do for the tourists.
5	I LOVE watching the fountain shows, no matter if it's day or night, just Love it!!  My favorite one is when the fountains dance to Bocelli's " Con Te Partiro (Time to Say Goodbye)" - I even get goosebumps.The "shows" are short and lucky for all visiting are every half hour, sometimes even every 15 minutes so you're sure to enjoy a couple of them, with different beautiful music, while you're there.  On top of that you have a great background view, if standing near the street you get to see the Bellagio, and if standing at the Bellagio you get to see the Paris Hotel.  Oh!  and it's free!!!I mean, how could I not give this attraction 5 stars?!!!?
5	Wow. What a great show!There are several different shows throughout the day and late into the night. The fountains dance with the music and everyone stops to watch it. Good: Gorgeous. Inspirational. Free. Bad: Can get crowded.Final: Go watch it! Now! It's free!
4	I watched the show every single night while I was in town, sometimes during the day. It goes off every 15 minutes at night. The fountains go with the beats of music, which was up and down, such a fantastic show.
5	The most breath-taking free show I have ever seen.  The variety of song choices put my emotions on a rollar-coaster ride from tear-jerking melodies to toe-tapping classics.  I wish I saw the show from the Eiffel Tower but I got a glimpse of my cousin's video and it was stunning.  Some videos for you!  Daytime show (yes, my cousin from Korea was amazed and couldn't stop "ooing and ahhing"): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pg9VJ4lzlCkNighttime show (more low key but still gorgeous): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7D8tPcQ93Y4Good times, indeed.
5	It never gets old - and it's FREE.  What can I possibly say that 111 others haven't?  My kid would love to watch these fountains and I feel blessed and lucky to have seen them 3 times in my life.I love the Bellagio and these fountains (and mmusic) are great fun.
5	this is by far my most favorite attraction in las vegas.  the water show, especially at night, is absolutely beautiful.  the way the water moves with the music and light is magical. love it!  i've seen the fountain from the strip and up high (from the view of my hotel room). nothing beats standing on the strip taking in the sights and sounds of vegas and the fountains.
5	Review #400 is for one of my most favorite attractions in Vegas.  I never tire of watching the Bellagio fountains.   And it's free!  Every 15 minutes in the evenings, half hour during the day.  The sound of the large jets blowing the water sky high leaves me spellbound.I did see a show on the Discovery Channel on the making of the Bellagio and the fountains.  There is a control room with cameras and sensors in the basement of the Bellagio and they do maintenance on the jets by sending scuba divers down.  I've never seen that, though.
5	If you have the money, it's totally worth renting a Strip view room at Bellagio to sit in front of the window and watch the fountains all day. Or, go stand in the shade and enjoy! The fountains stop running around midnight and come back on in the morning, so don't go too late or you'll miss them!I always enjoy the fountains on those rare occasions that I have to drive on the Strip. You can also see them from nearby hotels. I would imagine Paris is a good spot to see them. They're free, they're amazing, you can watch them for hours and not get bored. Love it!
5	Just so graceful and romantic. All the "posers" (we saw multiple Elvises [Elvi?]) on the adjacent sidewalk do not take away from the beauty of this experience.Two bits of advice: There's no bad place to view the fountains, but the walkway up to the hotel can be quite crowded compared with watching Strip-side. You also get a great view from Mon Ami Gabi, the sidewalk cafe across the street at the Paris!Also, read the January New Yorker article about the Fountains' designer. (Here's a link, but, unfortunately, you have to be a subscriber to read the whole thing.) Fascinating!http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2010/01/11/100111fa_fact_seabrook
5	Amazing show, even tho it is water fountains. Show changes every 15mins at night. Would def recommend :)
5	Quality & FREE entertainment in Vegas. That's something you can't get... except at the fountains of Bellagio.It's really beautiful and captivating; the serene music turns on, and the waters rhythmically move with it - literally, with the "flow."The last two times I watched it didn't include any music - it was night and probably something of city guidelines. Still, retains the marvel without any accompaniment.It gets really crowded, so save a good spot; I prefer the ends.A must-see!
5	This is a nice quick water show to watch as your walking by the strip...I've seen it many times..my favorite was when they sequenced the fountains to the song from Titanic by Celine Dion...if I had a boyfriend, it would of been really romantic!  It's located right in the front of the hotel and u can watch from any point surrounding the fountain...I personally like to watch right in front...I think it runs every 1/2 hour or something...not sure, check with the website:) It's beautiful in the day time and the night...but prob better @ night cause it has lights:)  I've seen them so many times, that now I don't make a point of going...but if I'm there and it's about to go on, I would stay to catch a show....the only other thing I'm thinking of doing in the future is watching it from one of their restaurant patios or a room in the bellagio:) We'll see!
5	Its free and I enjoyed it alot.
5	A hands down must see attraction. The first time I saw it in 2006 they played My Heart Will Go On by Celine Dion. It was so beautiful I almost cried! The strip side offers the best views in my opinion. The fountains are set in a 9 acre manmade lake.  They incorporate a network of pipes with more than 1,200 nozzles that make it possible to stage fountain displays coordinated with more than 4,500 lights. It is estimated that the fountains cost $75 million to build. The fountains were created by WET, a design firm specializing in inventive fountains and architectural water features.Here are the fountain show times: Monday - Friday 3:00 PM. - 8:00 PM. show every 1/2 hour 8:00 PM. - 12:00 AM. show every 15 minutes Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays 12:00 PM. - 8:00 PM. show every 1/2 hour 8:00 PM. - 12:00 AM. show every 15 minutes Here is a list of all of The Fountains of Bellagio Music: Title: One, Singular Sensation. Artist: Original Broadway Cast. Composer: Marvin Hamlisch. Work: A Chorus Line, Broadway Musical. Year: 1975. Length 4:43 Title: Hoe-Down. Artist: London Symphony Orchestra. Composer: Aaron Copland. Work: Rodeo. Year: 1988. Length 3:30 Title: Simple Gifts. Artist: London Symphony Orchestra. Composer: Aaron Copland. Work: Appalachian Spring. Year: 1988. Length 3:12 Title: Singin' in the Rain. Artist: Gene Kelly. Composer: Alex North. Work: Singin' in the Rain, Movie Musical. Year: 1952. Length 3:32 Title: Rondine al Nido. Artist: Luciano Pavarotti. Composer: Vicenzo deCrescenzo. Work: La Rondine, Opera. Year: 1990. Length 3:23 Title: Luck Be A Lady. Artist: Frank Sinatra. Composer: Frank Losser. Work: Guys & Dolls, Broadway Musical. Year: 1955. Length 5:14 Title: Winter Games. Artist: David Foster. Composer: David Foster. Work: Composed for Winter Olympics. Year: 1987. Length 3:00 Title: Hey, Big Spender. Artist: Gwen Verdon & Original Broadway Cast. Composer: Cy Coleman. Work: Sweet Charity, Broadway Musical. Year: 1966. Length 3:35 Title: Con Te Partiro (Time to Say Goodbye). Artist: Andrea Bocelli & Sarah Brightman. Composer: F.Sartori, L.Quarantotto. Work: Pop Song. Year: 1996. Length 4:04 Title: Hallelujah Chorus. Artist: Mormon Tabernacle Choir. Composer: Handel. Work: The Messiah. Year: 1992. Length 3:53 Title: Carol of the Bells. Artist: Los Angeles Master Chorale. Composer: M. Leontovich. Work: Christmas Carol. Year: 1996. Length 1:29 Title: O Holy Night. Artist: Placido Domingo. Composer: Placide Clappeau. Work: Christmas Carol. Year: 1984. Length 3:57 Title: It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas. Artist: Johnny Mathis. Composer: Meredith Wilson. Work: Christmas Carol. Year: 1997. Length 2:18 Title: The Most Wonderful Time of the Year. Artist: Johnny Mathis. Composer. Eddie Pola & George Wyle. Work: Christmas Carol. Year: 1997. Length 2:45 Title: We Need a Little Christmas. Artist: Johnny Mathis. Composer: Jerry Herman. Work: Mame, Broadway Musical. Year: 1997. Length 1:54 Title: Sleigh Ride. Artist: Johnny Mathis. Composer: Leroy Anderson. Work: Christmas Carol. Year: 1997. Length 2:57 Title: Santa Baby. Artist: Madonna. Composer: J. Javita & P. Springer. Work: Christmas Carol. Year: 1987. Length 3:57 Title: Your Song. Artist: Elton John. Lyrics: Bernie Taupin. Work: Elton John. Year: 1970. Length 4:10 Title: God Bless The USA. Artist: Lee Greenwood. Composer: Lee Greenwood. Work: American Patriot. Year: 1992. Length 3:57 Title: Star Spangled Banner. Artist: Whitney Houston. Composer: Francis Scott Key. Work: CD Single. Year: 2001. Length 5:08 Title: PinkPanther. Artist: Henry Mancini. Composer: Henry Mancini. Work: The Pink Panther, Movie Soundtrack. Year: 1964. Length 2:39 Title: My Heart Will Go On. Artist: Celine Dion. Composer: James Horner. Lyrics by Will Jennings. Work: Let's Talk About Love & Titanic: Music from the Motion Picture. Year: 1997. Length 5:08 Title: Fly Me To The Moon. Artist: Frank Sinatra with Count Basie. Composer is Bart Howard; from the work The Very Best of Frank Sinatra, 1957; Length: 2:28 Title: This Kiss. Artist: Faith Hill. Composer: Beth Nielsen Chapman, Annie Roboff and Robin Lerner; Work: Faith; 1998, Length: 3:00 Title: Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini. Artist: Mikhail Rudy. Composer: Sergei Rachmaninov; Work: Theme of Paganini; 1992, Length: 2.55 Title: Gayaneh - Suite: Dawn, Ayeshe's Dance. Artist: London Symphony Orchestra. Composer: Aram Ll'yich Khachaturian; Work: Spartacus; 1942, Length: 4:12 Title: Overture/And All That Jazz. Artist: Catherine Zeta-Jones. Composer: Fred Ebb & John Kander; Work: Chicago Soundtrack; 2002, Length : 4:37 Title: Ecstasy of Gold. Composer: Ennio Morricone; Work: The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly Soundtrack; 1966, Length: 3.22 Title: Viva Las Vegas. Artist: Elvis Presley. Composer: George E. Stoll; Work: Viva Las Vegas Soundtrack; 1963, Length: 2.25
5	Why would you pass up a free event in Vegas? My hubby and I went to the fountains around 11pm on a Saturday night. It was crowded as hell. But honestly, what free event that you know of isn't crowded? We had a great spot on the bridge in the front. The dancing sprinklers are amazing. I suggest going at night because the sprinklers have beautiful lights on them, which makes them all the more amazing. It's set to music and it seems like the water is dancing to the music. This is a must see in Vegas. (don't forget your camera!)
5	Amazing if you are in the strip I don't care where walk the distance and check it out
4	Ah, it feels good to watch the water show at the Bellagio...I cannot believe I am in Italy and I can even see the Eiffel Tower in Paris so clearly in the background, how stunning is this scenery? Okay, not really...but that's how it is in Vegas...Well, I loved it...its cheap cause its free...outside, constantly on with schedule, not in a hotel where you'd probably be smelling a whole lot of smoke, and its a nice soothing feel (aside from being crowded). Only if it could last a little longer......and wothout all those people, but hey its a tourist attraction!
3	As beautiful as they are......they get old really fast.I was BLOWN AWAY by this as an 8 year old boy but it sadly never did much for me after that. It IS very well done, but I just don't find it that great. I'm a weirdo.
5	Loved them! A must see in Vegas. And definitely better at night. Pretty much the only cool free thing on the whole strip. After 8pm, there is a new water show every 15 minutes. And unlike the other shows (like the lame sirens cove) Each is different, with a different song and variety of music genres. The fountains blow higher than the hotel buildings. It turned my sour mood into a good one.
5	If you've never seen the fountains at the Bellagio, GO! What are you waiting for?!I LOVE the fountains! Something about music and dancing water and lights just fascinates me! Yes, I'm easily amused, but seriously, it is pretty awesome to watch! Its a free show and the songs change every time. What my boyfriend and I did was we actually went to the top of the eiffel tower in the Paris hotel and we watched it from up there. You have to kind of listen closely for the music but you get a better view of everything! The fountains are beautiful to watch! GO SEE THEM!
5	I LOVE THE BELLAGIO FOUNTAINS!After they perform, I feel so elated and happy to be alive, to have witnessed such a beautiful performance of water, music, movement, and lights!!! Watching them is mesmerizing: the jets of water are like dancers, swaying and dancing in time to the music. My favorite is when they play "Time to Say Goodbye" with Andrea Bocelli and Sarah Brightman. Oh my goodness, hearing that piece alone makes me tear up, but seeing it "performed" by the Bellagio Fountains just makes the Yangtze River start pouring from my eyes! You can see the Bellagio Fountains from a bunch of different places (the Flamingo hotel, the Bellagio, Caesar's, Paris) or right out in front. They're clearly most beautiful at night. Definitely record a performance if you can, a true treasure from Vegas! Besides the buffets, the Bellagio Fountains are my favorite part of Vegas! (And they're FREE!)
5	I had a stupid smile on my face the whole time. I was in awe. How could something as simple as water and music be so beautiful? There's just something so exciting about the way the water shoots into the sky and softly falls into the pool of revolving water... Very simple, the fountains are beautiful, the music is beautiful,  life is beautiful! ......and it's free.
5	I could sit and watch these fountains all day.  It's hands down the best free thing to see in Vegas.  They play every 30 min from 3pm to midnight.  I suggest trying to catch one during the day and one at night.  The water is beautifully choreographed to fit the songs.  I've seen the shows for Time To Say Goodbye, God Bless The USA, and  My Heart Will Go On.  All of them were excellent!  I want to come to Vegas during the holidays to see the fountains in action to Christmas songs.
5	Another joy of living in Las Vegas is the ability to see the fountains any day.  I am never on Las Vegas Boulevard that I don't put the window down to hear the music and get a quick look at the fountains.  Sometimes, I play tour leader and station myself along the sidewalk by the fountains to take photos of couples who want to be in a photo together.There's something soothing and very pleasant about the fountains.  The idea for this display was fantastic!  What a lovely way to welcome someone to the property.If you visit in the mornings, you can generally see the raft with fountain crew going about tending to the jets and lights.  The raft comes out of an area under Olives Restaurant that's referred to as the Bat Cave.  These men and women tend to the fountain and make sure it's in great shape for the daily shows.5 stars always for this grand Las Vegas experience.
5	I can never tire of these even after all these years.I've watched them from restuarants, hotel rooms, in the back of a cab on the Strip and standing on the sidewalk itself and always find myself drawn in.Some songs are better than others but even ones that I don't like can't take away from the experience.Five stars all the way!
5	This past trip to Vegas was the first time that I really walked down to Bellagio and watched the fountains.  Love it! I don't know whether it's wonderfully choreographed or extremely well sound actuated, but it's mesmerizing to watch!  It's one of the best free activities in Vegas and everybody should see it at least one.  Absolutely beautiful!
5	Welcome to The Bellagio.  We are pleased that you have joined us for your vacation.  Where are you visiting us from?Here is a current list of shows that are being performed daily at The Fountains of Bellagio.  Show Times are Monday-Friday from 3pm-8pm every 30 minutes.  From 8pm-Midnight, the show is every 15 minutes.  Saturdays, Sundays, and Holidays, the shows start at Noon.  Tune to channel 22 on your television for audio.1.   Viva Las Vegas by Elvis (this one blasts the water the highest)2.   This Kiss by Faith Hill (not a country fan)3.   The Pink Panther Theme Song (entertaining instrumental)4.   Big Spender by Sweet Charity (reminds me of Max Headroom)5.   Con Te Partiro by Andrea Bocelli (my personal favorite)6.   Luck Be A Lady by Frank Sinatra (this song cracks me up when Frank sings about how it isn't fair or nice if your lady wanders around the room)7.   Fly Me To The Moon by Frank Sinatra (the best of Frank)8.   All That Jazz from the musical Chicago9.   Appalachian Springs - Ballet for Martha 10. God Bless the USA by Lee Greenwood11. One, Singular Sensation from A Chorus Line12. My Heart Will Go On by Celine Dion13. Rondine Al Nido by Pavarotti14. Singin' In The Rain by Gene Kelly15. Simple Gifts and Hoe-Down by The London Symphony OrchestraThe Star Spangled Banner is played just before Midnight, and they have a lot of Christmas and Holiday songs as well.  I have missed a few.If you are interested in seeing HD videos of the fountain show from a high floor in the hotel, check out my Youtube page (alcatrazmedia).  This is what happens when one of two things happens:1.  You have WAY too much time on your hands.2.  You spend WAY too much time at The Bellagio.In my case, both apply.
4	Not at high as I had imagined, but still quite impressive. On top of that, its free. Im coming to believe that US citizens take things for granted unless their paying for them.Check it out, and while you're there, go next door to Aria and see the art installments - also free.
4	The song selection really varies at this wondrous popular FREE water fountain show attraction, but my favorite song has to be the theme song from "The Pink Panther." I've also heard  Pavarotti, Andrea Boccelli and Frank Sinatra. Featured in some movies set in Las Vegas, it's no wonder why- it's pretty! And this fun display of 1000 fountains really pleases children of all ages (and the young at heart) on a daily basis. It's a packed house, front and center, and for good reason. Don't miss!
5	Vegas sure ain't cheap, but the Fountains at the Bellagio are.  They free!They're beautiful to watch during the day, and the heights those jets of water reach are baffling.  But at night, the Fountains are simply stunning, illuminated from below and looking like water and light combined into one force as if by magic.  I love how accurately "choreographed" the shows are -- those columns of water dance *so* closely to the music and never miss a rhythmic beat.  Any show set to Copland is a favorite of mine, but this visit we were also lucky enough to catch "All That Jazz," a new one on me.  I find the shows kind of soothing and mesmerizing, but I can certainly see how some folks could lose interest quickly.The Strip side may provide the better views of the fountains' gestalt, but the Bellagio side, while the viewing platform may be tiny, is usually less crowded -- the views are still great, and it's pretty to see "Paris" as a backdrop.  It takes an extra 5 minutes to walk up the drive but it's worth it, because once you've seen a performance you can saunter into the lobby to eyeball the astounding Chihuly glass ceiling, or wander through Bellagio's beautiful conservatory.
4	I always love watching the fountain show at Bellagio. Very romantic, can be cheesy, but good. The only reasons they miss a star is because I think the songs and choreography need updating, but keep the classics. And I thought the fountains in Barcelona, which are along a government center and move to music up and down a street, with a large centerpiece fountain are more beautiful because you can get really close to the jets, get a little wet, and it was designed in 1929 and is still awe-striking.
4	Surprised to see the fountains getting it's own yelp page. Can't really complain about a free show now can you? And since it starts every 15 minutes you can watch it whenever you happen to walk by the bellagio. Best to see it at night time though, as I believe it would make the water effects sharper and more dramatic. Both times I saw the waterworks was during the daytime and although I appreciate the choreography I wasn't completely blown away. Still, it's a nice diversion and like I said, it's free so what more can you really expect?
4	I love this show. Worth a stop every time I come here.
5	A unique water fountain show synchronized with various music costing $1.2 Billion (1996) and 6 years to construct.  Don't worry about not being able to hear the music from restaurants afar because the lake is completely bordered with speakers disguised as pillars and light fixtures.  Can be heard from across the street at my most favorite restaurant in the world, Mon Ami Gabi.
5	Definitely a site to see! The Fountains of Bellagio is one of the best and free on the strip shows. The water/fountain is choreographed to dance to the music that is being played. My favorite song and "dance" is Time to Say Goodbye. Totally worth stopping to see!
5	love that this is a free show! (thanks steve wynn!!!)first time seeing the show i was in the car driving down the strip and happened to catch a red while the show started. if youve never seen it, its a must see for sure.they have a few different, short, water shows that go to fairly popular songs. viva las vegas, this kiss, and a few others.its definitely something to see if you're walking the strip and wouldnt mind hanging out for a bit. on the weekends the show goes on fairly often, and since its free - why not hang out there for a bit?after world of color @ disneyland opened, i saw a few tweets comparing the fountains to world of color. really?! i dont see how you could possibly compare the two!
3	Not bad...but not as good as Disney's World of Color.  Its funny because when they were constructing the fountains for the World of Color show at Disneyland everyone always talked about how it would be like the Bellagio water show but way better.That sounds derogatory but its somewhat of a compliment.  The Fountains of Bellagio are such a staple that other water shows are compared against it.I really wish the shows were a little longer...it always seems like right when I am getting into the show its over.  I also wish they would have a little more in the way of different music but its a free show so I can not really complain.  I kinda wish it was not as visible from Las Vegas Blvd since every time a show starts the traffic basically comes to a grinding halt.  Still with everything this is one of those two or three things I always try to stop by and do when ever I am in Vegas.:0)
4	Love the opera renditions. Bring me to tears.Minus a star for Faith Hill and "contemporary" selections.My favorite thing in Vegas.
4	Good for a first time, after that it doesn't change too much. They may do some variations for the holidays with Christmas music, but otherwise after the first viewing, I would probably never stop to purposely watch the water show unless I was taking friends to see it for their first time.The view is great if you are staying at the Bellagio with a room facing the water.
4	Cool to watch but doesnt change. Good for first visit
5	The Fountains are awesome!  I don't see how anyone could not love them!
5	I love seeing this free show everytime im in vegas. this time around they choreographed the water show to a song called luck be a lady which took me back to my middleschool days when i was "sky" in the play guys and dolls and had to sing this song. Its a nice break from the alcohol and gambling in vegas and one of the few things free to enjoy. on the weekends the shows run every half hour so try and get there a tad early and wait so you get the best view. I suggest watching it during the darker hours because the lights give it a nicer effect.
4	If it's your first time in Vegas, do yourself a favor and watch this free show.If you are watching from the street the music can be quite loud. I wasn't able to view it during nighttime, but I am told that they have lights that light up the fountains.
4	Very pretty touristy attraction. Not so tacky like a Pirate show, but the Pirate show is cool to experience too. You can see it walking down the strip, so don't trip and think you won't see it. See the schedule of the fountains, I believe they played Elvis to the fountains.
3	Ten years ago, the fountains at Bellagio were the coolest thing any of us could imagine.  Today, they are still pretty damn cool, but could benefit from a bit more development and growth in layout and function.  The music changes from year-to-year (for the most part) and they seem to have added functionality (in the past few years) to the water jets to give the show a bit more texture.  They run the shows on time, every day, without fail (unless its too windy).  We had a room in the Spa Tower at the Bellagio on our last trip, and even though I've seen the fountains hundreds of times I'd still be drawn to the window every evening to watch the show go off!
5	How are their harsh reviews? The show is amazing and stops you every time you are walking the strip. It's also free. Stop and relax for a bit.
4	One of the best water show I have ever seen.I think I have about 3-4 videos of it and I tend to wait and run after it every time. After spending a night at Paris Hotel, watching the water show every hour for 2 nights, I thought I would ever want to see it again, but when I came back again, I wanted to go see it again.
4	Wonderful and even better if you've seen the TV documentary on it's construction and maintenance.  A great view from the hotel where we stayed on our honeymoon.
4	Do it.  It's free, it's fun.  The water dances to music.  What is there not to like??
5	LOVE IT!!! Different songs, different show each time. It's beautiful!! One of my favorite attractions in Vegas hands down!
5	Ok, so it's free. It's beautiful.  The pictures and videos will not do it any justice whatsoever.Go see this, it's breathtaking and you won't be sorry.
5	This is one of the best free attractions in Las Vegas. I never grow tired of seeing this fountain show. It's in front of the Bellagio on the top of the hour. It's a mesmerizing site to see the water dance to the music. The choreography is outstanding. There's always different songs and shows. The best song I heard for the fountain show was Andrea Bocelli and Sarah Brightman's Time to Say Goodbye. It made me feel so much emotion, I could feel myself get misty eyed.It's beautiful in the day and even more spectacular at night. You will love it.SHOW TIMES:Monday - Friday3:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour8:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour8:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutes ^_^*~
5	Every time I'm in Vegas, I always make it a point to visit the Bellagio fountains.  For some reason, it's just relaxing to watch the wonderfully choreographed  fountains dance and twirl in complete unison to the chosen song of the moment.  Personally, I prefer to watch the fountains at night since there are also lighting effects, albeit tiny, used in the show.  Also, I believe after 8pm, the shows are every 15 minutes so you can enjoy this wonderful attraction all the more!Bottom line:  A must see attraction for every Vegas traveler!
5	Situated outside one of the more expensive, most beautiful casinos in town you will find the Fountains of Bellagio, one of the best free attractions on the Las Vegas Strip. Over 1,000 nozzles make the water dance to music every 15-30 minutes, depending on the day. If you watch from the sidewalk outside, find a spot 5 to 10 minutes before the show starts to ensure you have no one standing in front of you.The shows are set to a variety of music, my personal favorites are the more Vegas-y classics like Luck Be a Lady by Sinatra and Viva Las Vegas by Elvis. Since there are over 30 different songs that the fountains will dance to, this is one feature that it is worth making repeat visits too!
5	Simply beautiful. Stunning. My favorites are Con Te Partiro and Ayesha's dance!
4	A must see while you are in Las Vegas. The Bellagio fountain show is a dazzling masterpiece. A stunning synchronicity of water, light and music. Smack-dab-center of the Las Vegas strip, crowds gather, armed with cameras to be part of the timeless tradition. There are many vantage points to get a view of the fountains. My favorite? Up close and personal. Take a self-portrait while leaning over the stone wall that surrounds the man-made lake and fountains. Or. Grab a patio table across the street at Paris hotel's brasserie, Mon Ami Gabi. (Very good French fries!) You have see the fountains in the films "Rush Hour 2" & "Lucky You". Stats: 200 nozzles, 4,500 lights. Estimated cost? $75 million to build. The fountains were created by WET, a design firm specializing in inventive fountains and architectural water features. Show tunes by: Gene Kelly, Luciano Pavarotti, Frank Sinatra, Elton John, Elvis Presley and more. The show takes place every 30 minutes in the afternoons and early evenings, weekends and holidays and every 15 minutes from 8 PM. to midnight. Family-friendly. FREE!!! You can't beat that!
5	This attraction is a MUST-SEE!  It's free and absolutely romantic &  gorgeous.  And guess what?  In a city full of adult activities, this is one attraction that's good for everyone of all ages!  Don't leave without taking in this attraction--it's best viewed at night, so plan ahead.
5	They have my heart!  The most romantic spot on the strip.  Go with a loved one, wrap your arms around them, give a few kisses on the cheek, and fall in love all over again.I tend to hate the strip (except for the lights at night) and am not a Vegas fan, in general.  But after one visit to The Fountains I truly want to stay in The Bellagio with a room that overlooks the fountain so that I can pretend to have that romance all to myself for a few nights.Bellissimo!!!!
5	this is as good as it gets. the beautiful fountains of the bellagio =) Do read my review, go see it! it's way cooler than that freakin double rainbow!!!
5	The best free show in Vegas.
4	It would be cool if they kept it up with modern technology, like have a picture show in the water!  Now that would be something! Other than that this place is a must see when visiting Sin City!  Maybe one of the only purest spots to be on the strip ;o)
5	This water show is spectacular! It makes a lovely backdrop for a romantic dinner on Bellagio's waterfront. It's free, which makes it a must see in Vegas.
5	I have never watched the Fountains in its entirety until now... SOOO ROMANTIC!!!We had prime seating on the patio of Mon Ami Gabi, smack dab in the middle. The water show was amazing and showcased both holiday and well-known songs.With Bellagio in the backdrop, it was absolutely gorgeous!!! Oh and yes, it's FREE :)
5	doesn't matter how many times you take a trek to LAS, this is a must-see Every. Single. Time.
5	I'm in LOVE! What can I say...everything about the Bellagio screams Romance, Passion, Elegance....and the fountains are nothing short of spectacular! I enjoy opera, but the music, lights, water...it's mesmerizing! I just can't say enough!! It's a MUST see in Vegas!! (& like the others have said...it's FREE, always a plus!)
5	i love it, it gives me goosebumps!
4	I wanted to give 3.5 stars but i will spare 4. Looks better at night than in the day. But the day we went was a cold simi-windy day so maybe it affected the performance. Maybe I was grumpy or it wasnt playing my favorite song...but i just wasnt amazed like i wanted to be.Im just not sure what to write. its a nice show...the water shoots high. its free and its romantic or cool (whatever you want it to be) I thought colorful lights would accompany the music and water. I dunno...its one of those shows you have to see because you are in Vegas and its not the same if you go home without a peek..but if you miss it on your bucket list you didnt miss much.Was there 12/26/2010
5	We stood there right in the middle of the viewing area, freezing what skin what exposed to the frigid air. We huddled as close as possible, wondering why it wasn't already snowing and why the water hasn't frozen yet. All of this, however, generated enough romance to heat things to a boil.We watched two shows with appropriately themed music that was timed to a tee. The music boomed, and the water shot high in orgasmic fashion. You could feel the pressure on your face, and if the wind was strong enough, the spray also. I think the Bellagio was secretly trying to help me get get laid with all of these subconscious persuasions.   Thanks Bellagio!
5	I am absolutely in love with this place. Been in Vegas 4 days and seen the show 7 times if not more. It is romantic, stunning, breath taking and free. If you are in Vegas and never seen the fountains, you have to try to make it at least once. I love it.
5	This is a classic. Hotels come and go....shows come and go.  But, this is still fresh and unique after so many years.  I don't think it will ever get old.
5	One of the best shows in Vegas, and it's completely free of charge.  It's absolutely breathtaking at night and very romantic, the colors and ambiance of the setting really sets your senses on fire when you add the catalyst of the music, you almost have to kiss someone if you're standing in front of the fountains during the show because you just get swept up in the music and colors and the streams of water dancing about.  You absolutely must stop by here if you're in Vegas or on a date or getting married, heck just stop by.  You can't beat free and it's something positive you will always remember about Vegas, whilst trying to forget the money you lost.
4	Waste of Water? HELL YEAH.Pretty Waste of Water? HELL YEAH!Free Pretty Waste of Water? HELL YEAH!!!Free Pretty Waste of Water with Music? YAYYYY!!! lol
5	The shows here are amazing, just amazing, day or night, although I prefer the night shows. The sou nd system is spectacular and the synchronization of music with the fountains leaves me impressed with all the work the engineers must have put into this place.My fave is the Andrea Bocelli piece. It's powerful and yet so passionate and romantic. I've been to Vegas so many times, I lost count. I even lived there for a summer, yet every time I come, I always stop by to see the fountains.
5	Yes 5 stars isn't enough to describe the beauty and creativity involved in this production
5	Just beautiful.  If you stay in the hotel, there is a tv channel that plays the music while you watch out your window.  *LOVE*
4	Typical tourist attraction......but definitely a must see!  It never gets old for me and I've literally seen it a dozen times! :)
5	This is such a huge attraction on the strip.  And how can it not be?  The precision and power behind each blast leaves you in awe. The 2 times we've been to Vegas, we ended up watching this the most.  It seems to last about the perfect length of time for an attraction.  Day time shows are great, but you have to watch it at night with the water all lit up.  It's a completely different show with a completely different feel at night.  Obviously this comes highly recommended and we will watch it numerous times on our next trip back.
5	This is the ultimate romantic show on the Las Vegas strip. I've seen it dozen of times and it never gets old. The shows start at 8pm and run every half an hour until 11pm. It's also very free and a very nice opportunity for all you photo bugs out there.Highly recommended.
5	A Vegas staple and must see. Sit, snuggle, and enjoy.You can see from both sides of the lake (which does, btw look like the town of Bellagio, in Lake Como, Italy) but you hear the songs better from the Bellagio side.Show starts every 15 minutes!
5	The only way for me to enjoy Celine Dion - My Heart Will Go On is if I'm in Vegas and Fountains of Bellagio are dancing to the song. I love these fountains and it's kind of sad if you looked down to the water, people throw away trash into the water. I saw many "girls direct to rooms" fliers, food wrappers, cups, and even coins!!! This is not a wishing well, people. Keep your trash away and throw your coins at me. I will make your wish not come true. :).
5	First time in Vegas... and the water show was what I expected.... amazing. The last day we went back one last time to see the show and it came on but no music was playing.  It is not the same without the music but it is still a nice free show outside the Bellagio.
5	There's really no way to give such an interesting spectacle anything less than 5 stars. People eat this shit up like free chocolate and it has to do wonders for the Bellagio and what should be a sparse marketing department. They're nice enough to run it many times a day so that folks can stare at the front of their building for a bit and then think to themselves "Self, you know you should go in there..."
5	Bellagio water show is the best free outdoor attraction in vegas. I think its better than the mirage and treasure island attractions. My hubby and I always stop and check out the watershow when were walking the strip and it never gets old or boring! it starts every 15 mins after a certain time, and I'd def recommend seeing it from the eiffel tower.
5	One of the most famous aspects of Vegas, and it's completely free. Can't beat that. Well I guess they could pay you to go there. A budding entrepreneur was hopping around selling beers, does that count?They have shows pretty much all day long at regular intervals (15-30 minutes), so stop by and LOOK AT IT.
5	i can't believe i'm about to describe a glorified, timed series of water sprays set to music as breathtaking, but it truely was.  gawd i wish i had seen it at night- i can only imagine how much more in awe i'd be.  i might even catch a mosquito as my mouth hangs open in wonder...  not a sight to miss while on the strip!
4	The water ballet is beautifully choreographed to beautifully chosen music.It's the first of its kind, at least in SoCal, and it's FREE!
5	sometimes, i like to pretend that i'm staring at the fountains alongside danny ocean & his posse. and then the record skips.i didn't just screw over andy garcia. i'm not going to be in a sequel. or two. and i just got smacked in the leg by some unruly 5-year old with slurpee-hands. ...it's just one of those things you "gotta do" in vegas. and it's free.
5	I love watching the water show during winter. They play the most magical spiritual Christmas songs.  It just puts me into a trance.  There is no worries to be found, all is floated along the long pavement of water.  All you have is the water dancing along the path with bright lights highlighting the movements.  Wow... it is a view to see.  If you are ever feeling down and out, I am sure this will do the trick.  The water fountain show is breath taking.  The music that they play is loud and you can hear it from two blocks away.  Bellagio did a wonderful job with this show.  And.. and... it's free!  No matter where you stand you will still get a good view.  It's really that big.  The show plays every half an hour.  This is great for those that are on a budget.  A free budget that is. haha Enjoy kids!  I like to watch it in the evening when it's dark.  The effect is much better.  (=
5	The fact that a shooting water fountain has its own review makes me realize why I love Yelp, and why I loved the show. I gotta be honest, movies and TV do NOT do the fountains justice! I saw a couple shows there and let me tell you, it WILL stop you in your path, You will be absolutely blown away by the amazing production that is put on. Take in the sights and sounds and you will get goose bumps, guaranteed. If you are in Vegas, why would you ever miss this spectacular show. SEE IT!!!!
5	I don't think you can complain about the #1 free thing in Vegas. I  have watched it at least 50 times and it is always worth your time. Must-stop but that is obvious
5	Amazing. You must see it. I have never seen anything like it in my life. At some parts of the show, the water shoots to the penthouse level of the Bellagio. Simply spectacular. I was in town for four days and continued to miss the fountain show for one reason or another. I didn't think I was going to see it before leaving, but I managed to make the first showing on Monday :)Pro tip: check the days and times of shows (they begin and end at funny times depending on the day)
5	Ok I just reviewed Sirens of TI and said, "hey its free." This is free and does not scream free, low budget or anything of the sort...duh.  There really is no landmark that screams Vegas like the Bellagio Fountains.We have watched it from Mon Ami Gabie in the past and right by it during the day, but this year, I want to really watch it at night.  It's so stunning, not the least bit of a "small, simple attraction," romantic and always, sophisticated.For everyone who says the Bellagio is over (thanks to these new 5-star hotels popping up), it will always have the fountains.
5	Always the highlight of my Vegas trips! Songs I've seen the fountains play to include a Josh Groban song, and Singing in the Rain :) Can I have one at my wedding??
5	Simple and Graceful. Such a beautiful moment. It seems that the fountains dance for you, and only you. Love the classy music, too. They were playing One from A Chorus Line. It's one of those FREE Vegas moments you just got to do.
5	Great show anytime of the day. At night the fountains will light up different colors very nice and romantic.
5	The fountain show is really entertaining.  The music they pump out is clear and loud.  The water shoots higher than you think it would be able to and it's just all around a good time depending on whether you  like the song playing or not.
5	I love how the simplest things garner the most stars on yelp---how else should things be? Bellagio the fountain is nearer 5 stars than the hotel, probably because a Yelp Elite member gave it one star because they're blaming getting sick in Vegas on a strange allergy they have to teflon on the stove tops in the rooms.So, a mere ten minute fountain show with music ranging from classical to showbiz Leonard Bernstein, this is for sure a must-see in Vegas. It's one of the many throw-ins offered to everyone on the strip, and you've never quite seen anything like it. Vegas seems to have an obsession with wasting water, but they do it in such an aesthetically pleasing way that you just have to say "Sin City's really got it all".Actually, it's a good place to hang out and gaze up at the night sky at the Cosmopolitan, Paris, Aria and other luminescent eye candy scraping the man-lit heavens around you. Extra bonus vibes if you're rolling or getting folkloric.If nothing else, light up a cig and see if you're handheld lasts the whole ten minutes. Nice way to gauge whether you should change brands, yea?
5	This is my favorite free show on the strip.  When the fountains dance to Andrea Bocelli, it's beautiful.  It isn't as great when they sync it to Elvis.  Nevertheless...for me, this is a must see when I'm taking someone new to the strip.Check it out from Mon Ami Gabi @ Paris, the Fontina Bar @ Bellagio, or the Eiffel Tower.  I have a few more days in Vegas and I'm sure I'll be seeing the shows at least 4 more times.
4	Great free attraction on the Strip. It is an artful water show set to music. The one with Andrea Bocelli, "Con Te Partiro" being my favorite. Crowds tend to gather all around the side of the Bellagio and on Las Vegas Boulevard to see the display. You might want to try to find a different viewpoint to see this show without the crowds.This is probably the classiest thing you will find on Las Vegas Boulevard, which is full of nightclub, strip club and phone sex line solicitors. Take a moment from this to enjoy this show.
5	Beautiful fountains keeping time to wonderful music for free? How would you not give this 5 stars? It's a very entertaining show as the water blasts out of cannon like fountains and make for some especially beautiful showings at night. Very family friendly and with the water all around, a nice place to cool off on a hot Vegas night. If you've never seen the show, it's a must see, and if you have, it could become a staple to your visits to Vegas.
5	Vegas isn't all about getting into a drunken stupor! What a lot of people fail to experience in Vegas are the amazing shows and delicious food! Believe it or not, but Vegas has a lot more to offer than over-priced, watered-down alcohol and girls that are DTF (term from Jersey Shore). Some of the shows, like Cirque du Soleil, are quite expensive; however, the water show at the Fountains of Bellagio is absolutely complimentary! It's an amazing show that incorporates the beautiful Bellagio hotel as a background, water, opera/classical music, and lights. It's really hard to not stand there, in awe, as water is shot up over 100 feet into the air. It's truly stunning!I think the show runs every 30 minutes during the day and every 15 minutes in the evenings, so you'll have plenty of opportunities to become mesmerized!
5	The most amazing free thing to do on the strip!!! They are absolutely mesmerizing the water takes on a personality of it's own, and you cannot help to stare. Gives me goosebumbs, absolutely incredible.
5	Great photo spot if you can get a clear view between people passing by. I always think of Oceans 11, and watching the show either at night or day, i like to take that moment to just clear my head of the smoke and slot machine chatter and just enjoy the show!
5	I've been to Vegas since the early 90's and ever since Bellagio opened, the fountain show is always a must see that never gets old to me.  I love the music that's collaborated with the water show and you always get a front view of the show.  My favorite time to go is during the winter holidays because of the music selection.  I feel so warm, cozy, and lovable inside whenever the show goes on even though it's so cold from the water mist.  Bonus Tips:  This is a free show unlike majority of the shows in Vegas.  You always have a front view no matter how busy it gets.  Lastly, the show usually plays every half hour on the dot depending on the season.Interesting Information:  Did you know the person who created the Bellagio fountain show also created the fountain show for Americana at Brand in Glendale?
4	I never get tired of watching the fountains here. They tend to change up the music which is nice too.
5	I was in Vegas for NYE 2010, and upon exploring the Strip, a girlfriend and I sidled up to the fountains. She, being from SoCal & a regular Vegas visitor, had seen them so many times before, but she thankfully obliged me. As we stood there, me woefully underdressed and shivering like a loon (I had just come from 4.5 feet of snow in Philadelphia, so despite the weather reports I was praying for sweltering Vegas weather!), I joyfully listened to the music and stood entranced by the dancing water. We have something very small "inspired" by this in Atlantic City, but woah, this was amazing! I'm not sure I'd go totally out of my way to see this unless I was with other first-timers or little kids, but I would love to catch it again at night. Also, it's free!! Can't beat that!
4	Great water show better at night!!!!
5	The Fountains at Bellagio are a must see!  They are even better at night!  the musica and dancing water show is spectacular!  You can't beat the free admission!
5	The fountain show is one of the best free hotel shows on the strip. Simple, elegant and romantic with the fountains rising hundreds of feet in a dazzling display to the rhythm of whichever song is playing, sometimes classical, opera or broadway music. Takes you away from all the glitz and hype of Vegas for a breath of fresh air and magic.
5	No visit to Vegas for me is complete until I see the Fountains of Bellagio at least once.  In truth I probably stay and end up seeing them a bunch of times.  Of the free shows to be seen on the strip (The Mirage has an exploding volcano, Treasure Island has a horrible live-action Pirate show, inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace there something where some Greek God does something) the Fountains of Bellagio are the best.  It's rewarding, impressive and completely entertaining.  It really makes me feel like a kid again, and I'm in awe every single time.The fountains are synced to different songs, but if you want wait around to see a Sinatra or Elvis Presley song, those tend to be the best.  The fountains never get old.  Probably even considering paid shows, this is still the best.
5	Go in the day and go at night. Can get busy, but for a reason, it's awesome! And free.
5	There's nothing bad to be said about the fountains at Bellagio.  They are a recognizable Las Vegas icon for a reason.  No trip to the strip would be complete without at least one mesmerizing song in front of the fountains.  They do a great job somehow keeping a predictable attraction fresh and new.  I have seen them many times and am entertained every showing.  During the spring and summer it can get crowded for the show times, but it's worth it.  While you're there you can also get you picture taken with a variety of characters and maybe even buy a couple beers from a guy with a suitcase cooler.  Come on, you're on vacation!
5	LOVED this! It was my favorite thing in Vegas! It reminded me of fireworks except with water. I would stay at the Bellagio just to have a view of these fountains every night!
4	Did you know that it is estimated that the fountains cost $40 million to build and install? Yet, you get to watch the show for free? How awesome is that after you've lost all your money in the Bellagio casino?The Fountains of Bellagio is a choreographed water feature in the lake in front of the Bellagio hotel. It offers shows every 30 minutes starting in the afternoon and every 15 minutes from 8:00 pm to midnight. They offer shows set to an array of songs from the classics of Frank Sinatra to modern songs by Madonna and Celine Dion. It certainly is a crowd-pleaser and you know when a show is about to happen when the crowds start forming along the Strip in front of the lake. The shows tend to be nicer at night in my opinion when the lighting effects are more prevalent and certainly add a cool feature in my book. Did I mention its free and pretty quite cool!?
5	So amazingly beautiful!  And the best part is it is free.  Free entertainment in Vegas.  I love it.  And I enjoyed the music the water dances to.  It is so entertaining to watch.
5	can never get tired of it! so pretty!..on the hour every hour.
5	Right in front of the Bellagio.  Usually playing every half hour or so after dusk.     Its free, its entertaining, and its set to music.   So here's how you watch it.  Check the times it is set to play,.. if its longer then you want to wait, go inside the Bellagio and check out the Dale Chihuly glass display and the garden display to kill some time.  Get back at least 15 minutes before the show if you want a good spot.  The first time seeing it I would recommend to get as close as you can,..you can hear the music much better, and really feel the power of the water jets and just how high these jets shoot.    Now, after you've seen it for free,.. go across the street to the paris and pay the 16 bucks to ride to the top of the eiffle tower. Once at the top, stick around and make sure your facing the Bellagio side.  Wait for the water show to come on, and you're watching it in the coolest way possible.   And the pictures you can take from the tower are great.    Again, free, fun to watch, kids love it,.. and for a few more bucks you can see it, and the rest of the strip, from the eiffle tower.
5	Beautiful!! I like when they play "Hey Big Spender"!! Best time for viewing is at night - front and center! Or you could view them from the Paris Eiffel Tower obeservation deck which is nice too.
4	If it wasn't for this famous fountain show of Bellagio, I probably wouldn't rate their hotel so high. It is because of this water fountain why I tend to come here every year to this hotel/casino. If it wasn't for this water fountain, I probably wouldn't visit Bellagio every time.As for the show, it's about 3 minutes long of great entertainment. Yes, it's only water shooting up in the air, but boy is it beautiful to come see. I prefer viewers who come see this to come at night, but don't worry it's just as good as it is during the day, just with more lights. I shot a video on this show on youtube and my review followers are more than welcome to come see it, but need I remind you that it's not as good as it would be than to come here and see the real thing. I love this water fountain show and I come here almost every time I'm in Vegas just to see this show. Check out my youtube video on this waters show. I recommend all tourists or people that are in the strip are of Las Vegas to check this show out it's free, fun and entertaining. It doesn't get any better than that.Here's a little preview of the show, remember everything is better watching it live so be sure to check it out. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDAHjNJlol8
4	The Fountains of the Bellagio are so fanciful and splendid and you can always rely on them to burst out to music every half hour--just like Old Faithful, yeah?I love music and the dancing waters makes it visually entertaining and slightly romantic. If I had a significant other I would definitely want to go here at night and then go on to enjoy the sins of Sin City.
4	"It's a feeling like this It's centrifugal motion It's perpetual bliss It's that pivotal moment" -from Faith Hill's song "This Kiss""This Kiss" was playing when I recently passed by the Fountains of Bellagio and the above lyrics from the song seemed perfect for the Fountains. "It's perpetual bliss" to see the beautiful fountains and "it's that pivotal moment" when the water swings and dances to the different songs that make everyone ooh and aww. Lights, camera, action- these fountains are true stars. Always mesmirizing and never tiring to watch.The Fountains of Bellagio is a must see for all folks who go to Vegas. One of the best shows you catch in Vegas and it's free!
5	It feels like the best first date you've ever been on.....every time ;)
5	Free, beautiful and entertaining. My wife and I ate dinner across the street on the Patio of Mon Ami Gabi and spent the evening watching the fountains as we dined. We had a late dinner and the sun was setting when we started and it was dark when we finished. See the show at night, it's much better. After seeing the shows during dinner, we walked over to see it in the dark from the railing. It was rather impressive. I can't remember all of the songs we heard, I do know some of them I did not care for. But it's free and who am I to complain?If you are in Vegas, it would be foolish to pass up the opportunity to see them at least once.
5	Still spectacular, and worth a visit every time we come to Vegas. Exceptional at night of course with the lights. It's a great centerpiece for the whole strip and city if you ask me. Impressive.
5	awesome show!!! good music!!!!free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	One of the best free attractions on the Strip. Easy to catch, with "showtime"  every fifteen minutes (less frequent during the day), and especially beautiful once the sun sets.I just have to give it one star off, thanks to my Pacific Northwesterner guilt for encouraging a quadro-hourly mega-fountain show in the middle of the desert. I can't help it.
5	The best part is:  FREE.  I have seen the show several times before, but this time, I'm staying at the Cosmopolitan hotel and our patio faces the fountain!  Amazing view from room - can hear the music that the fountain play along to.  Show is repeated throughout the day.  Every 30 min during day and every 15 at night.  Each show is a different song - The night show is amazing with all the lights.  Kid friendly - a definite thing to see while in Vegas!  And why not, did I mention it's free?!?  :)
5	it's a very romantic beautiful spot at night, especially when the music is on. took some vedios and still feel excited when replaying it at home.
4	this is a very pretty show! theres music that plays along with the fountains. its definately a must while in vegas! after dark is the best time to watch the fountains :) ENJOY!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVEEEEE THIS!!!It's free, each show is always different. It never gets old and boring because they must of have at least 10 different songs and water style every 15-30minutes.In my opinion, one of THE best free attractions there is in the fabulous city of Vegas.
4	Set scene:You, your loved one, and  the fountains of Bellagio. Plus having had a couple drinks so you can easily sway along to the music without feeling like complete fools in front of Las Vegas tourists. I've never appreciated the Bellagio Fountains fully until I took them in with a person I really, really care for. The water, the lights, the music, it just makes for something surreal you aren't going to see anywhere else.Oh and it's free.
5	You can't get much better than this for free in Vegas. We found a great spot near the front to watch the fountain and we stayed for two shows. We could hear the music clearly and really enjoyed the two shows. It was crowded, but we weren't uncomfortable.
4	probably one of the best free shows in vegas.. and the bellagio is a must visit for any tourist.  they always mix up the music so the shows never get old.. i've never seen the same one twice.. they have a nice mix of contemporary and classic music... the crowds are always there to catch the next show.. but with a show every 15 minutes there's always a spot that will open up for you to perch..
5	First time I got to see them! They were beautiful, very impressive
4	Great way to kick off the night! Checking out the Bellagio Fountains for a Bachelorette party prior to heading to Caesar's for bottle service at Pure. It definitely put us all in party mood. Each show is different and are on at night every 15-20 minutes. Definitely a must see when you go to Vegas!
5	A must see for everyone that comes to Vegas! Its free and its a different show every 15min every night
5	Best free show in Vegas.  love the opera music and the water/light performance.  the only downside is that it gets very crowded.
4	Stupid?..................kinda.Cheesey?.............yup.Touristy?................well.Worth it?................probably.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE the fountain show. Yes, I know its dancing water with stupid light bulbs shining through.  Yes, I know we're just listening to Muzak.Yes, I know its crowded as f*ck and we're all watching water.I don't care... its freaking amazing and I have to watch it when I go to Vegas.  EVERY.  DAMN.  TIME.
5	On my way to Absinthe at Ceaser's Palace and noticed tourists conglomerating along the perimeter of the fountains.  Perfect timing!  Less than a minute later, Sinatra booms on the loud speaker and the fountains strut their stuff.  Sort of reminds me of The Rockettes or how I'd imagine they'd be if they were H2O.  Kicking high, kicking low, all in unison.  Now let's go! What a brilliant display of aqua pyrotechnics!  I'm sure a lot of money went into this, the technology and not to mention, the maintenance.  One of the exciting things that are free on the Strip.  Best seen at night in its full splendor.  Not to be missed!#Yelp 365:  042/365
5	It's been about 2 months since my Vegas trip and I still miss it =[  My girlfriends and I were walking past Caesar's Palace and we noticed a bunch a people standing around. I looked up and realized it was the location of the fountain show. We waited for a couple of minutes and then it began. It was beautiful and romantic. Made me miss my boyfriend back home. Definitely something to see when in Vegas and of course it's free!
4	Always a great show!
4	Love this Vegas tourist trap. This is a must see if you are visiting Vegas for the first time or the one hundredth time. I love watching my kids or total strangers get mesmerized by the giant fountains.Don't forget the camera to take some great action shots. The best time to visit is at night when the lights and water are at their best. Enjoy the free show.
4	This is the classic "you have to see it at least once" in Vegas. If you are visiting Vegas for the first time, you will enjoy. Completely free - you can see if from the sidewalk. The fountain is best viewed at night with the complimentary lights. The show lasts a few minutes and runs every 15 minutes or so.Located outside the Bellagio on the strip. Enjoy...
4	See the fountains from the Fontana BarMy wife and I spent two nights in Las Vegas in April. We managed to do quite a bit during that time. On our last night we rounded the evening out PERFECTLY by having drinks on the outside patio at the Fontana Bar, while watching the Bellagio Fountains. This one experience, in and of itself, made the vacation special. The view is spectacular, and having drinks while listening to Frank Sinatra and watching the water is pretty hard to beat.This is wonderful way to impress your date. Surprise him/her with drinks at the Fontana Bar outside patio at night, watching the Bellagio fountains...they will love it. Visited April 2011
5	Simply spectacular saw this the first night I came to Vegas and was astounded.  Did not even see this from the front side but rather the back (the side closer to the hotel) and it was still jaw dropping.  If it is your first time to Vegas it is a must see, actually wait for that matter it is a must see any time you are in Vegas.  It optimizes what Vegas is all about grandeur, opulence, and just down right amazing.
5	If you only do one tourist thing in Vegas then the fountains at the Bellagio should be that thing. I go here very time Im on the strip. The music with the water displays will make you feel like the show is just for you. (Tip try to go at Christmas time the music/ display will put you in a holiday mood) and the best part of it is it will only cost you 10 mintues of your time. A free show in Las Vegas?!? You cant beat that!
5	Ineffably beautiful. Who knew I'd be so easy to entertain? Some water and music, and I'm a sucker. The water goes in perfect unison to the music, and even though this show is on during the day, it is beautiful and breathtaking on a whole new level at night. The lights, water, and music combined are amazing. On our last weekend to Las Vegas, we watched about 8 different water shows in front of Bellagio! Sometimes, we just stood out there after one show waiting for the next one. It was that great!My favorite song/show was "Con Te Partiro" (Andrea Bocelli and Sarah Brightman). The music and the water were so beautiful, I almost cried. I'm a chump. I also really loved:- Frank Sinatra: "Luck Be a Lady"- Catherine Zeta-Jones: "All That Jazz" from "Chicago"- Frank Sinatra: "Fly Me to the Moon"In a town where a decent dinner costs at least around $40/person, and where everything else is expensive and costs money that most people are perfectly willing to spend, it's kind of brilliant that a show of this grandiose scale and beauty is totally free. Can't wait to come back to watch some more. We must have watched at least 8 or so shows, and we didn't get a single repeat of any songs, even though we came on different days and times. Awesomeeeeeeeee.
5	I love them! Really amazing, I saw them from the eiffel tower and was spectacular!!
5	The Fountains of Bellagio are a great source of entertainment on the Strip! We make it a point to stop and watch a few shows every time we come to Vegas. Rarely is it so crowded that one can't get a seat right on the water, but it does happen. The shows are either every 30-minutes or every 15-minutes depending on how late in the night it is (I believe the 15-minute shows are later in the evening). The music selection covers everything from Aaron Copeland's "Hoe Down", to "Hey Big Spender" from Sweet Charity, to Lee Greenwood's "God Bless the USA", to Elvis' staple "Viva Las Vegas" and Old Blue Eyes' "New York, New York", to the incredible duet "Con Te Partiro (Time to Say Goodbye)" by Andrea Bocceli and Sara Brightman. Personally, "Con Te Partiro" is my favorite. The music ebbs and flows elegantly and beautifully as the fountains dance along. The song itself is intensely beautiful and holds special memories for my brothers, friends, and I (it was the one show we couldn't get enough of on my 21st birthday, and sadly one of those friends has passed away since).Watch one show or watch them all, you'll love it!
5	It is very well put together. In the day not too exciting but at night very pretty
4	A wonderful view during the night time, and it's free!Walking to this display, you get to experience the boulevard as well - real fun going into other casinos and observing.The schedule is about 15-20 minutes per display, so be ready for the crowds. The street level is one of the best spots, if you get a spot near the waters. I recommend the Bellagio stairs for the view, bit of a distance on the side but a good view. Love the extra boom from the splash of the waters falling back onto the pond at the end, pretty neat.This is definitely one of the free attractions to visit in Vegas, real beautiful sight along with the Vegas night lights. Bring a camera for some memories!
5	you did not go to vegas if you didnt see the fountains i dont care what anyone says! this is a must!!!!
5	probably the top free show in vegas. it's just so damn cool. i picture myself, standing next to george, brad, and the rest of oceans 11 after a huge casino heist. i'm of course wearing a 10,000 dollar suit and i look much better than in real life.an absolute must see in vegas, both night and day shows are extremely impressive!
5	I really don't know what else I can say that other Yelpers haven't. This is a great little attraction to see on the Strip. I like it better at night when the lights shine around it. It's also convenient because it runs about every 20 minutes or so. So if you just missed one you don't have to wait too long for the next one.
4	Very cool show and being as it's free, it is one of the best things going on and that includes all the prostitute peddlers handing cards out like baseball cards.
4	Very cool! You definitely have to stop by to check this out.I am rating this on 2 scales. One is how unique it is and two on the entertainment value.Out of any water-only inspired show i must say this is the best. However i only found it entertaining for a bit. I do get detracted easily. If i remember the show was like 10 minutes. Minute 1-4 awesome. Minute 9-10 awesome. Everything in between lost my interest.
5	i don't know how many times i've been to vegas, but my most recent trip there was the first time I actually watched the fountains of bellagio and LOVED IT!!! It just seems to put that smile on your face, no matter how tired or hungover you may be :)
5	I went here on my last trip to Vegas and it was awesome.  They really do try hard to orchestrate the music and fountains to create an awesome show!!  Tip: Do not use the skybridge over Las Vegas Blvd. to watch the show, despite the glass walls you will get wet.  Well, at least in the winter time, summer, do as you wish!!
4	I love to watch the shows at least once each time I make my way to Vegas. It's pretty amazing for a water show. Who knew flying water could keep my attention for 3 minutes!
4	My husband and I enjoy the water show at the Bellagio.  We go to Las Vegas every year to visit family and this is one of our annual must-sees.  It's entertaining and is fun to watch.  We had our five month old with us this year and if she could, I am pretty sure that would give the show two thumbs up.  She was in awe of the water, the music, and the sound of the water shooting up and down.  Definitely recommend as a little romance for couples and as easy accessible entertainment for those with children.
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas... with the best FREE show in Vegas.How can you NOT like the Bellagio fountains?! A beautiful fountain show accompanied by music that seems to just match it perfectly. Whodathunkit?! Freakin genius I tell ya!!! And yes, like everyone else... Ocean's 11 crosses my mind... when I lose myself in a show and just float off into another world and feel tranquility... oh wait, then I snap out of it and realize I don't have millions of dollars like they did and that it was just a movie... BUT it's cool to know that they were standing where I once stood... gotta get something outta it right?!It's pretty during the day but it's a lot more breathtaking at night... night sky and all the lights just make it that much more impressive... I swear I could stand there for hours and just watch the fountains (there is a 30 minute break during the day and a 15 minute break at night and I get fidgety so waitiing in between isn't so productive for me lol)... GO SEE IT! (oh and if you go up the Eiffel Tower it's a great view too, and you can still hear the music!)
5	I've always been a fan of Bellagio and the fountains is no exception!Every time I pass by and the fountains are on, I have to stop and stare.  Love the dancing water synced to the music.  :D  It makes me happy.LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!!!!!
5	Where else can you walk by and see a breathtaking show that's free?  No Vegas experience is complete without a Bellagio fountains sighting.  Cheers for every time we've been amazed and mezmerized...thanks Bellagio! (p.s. your $10 blackjack tables are pretty darn good too)
5	I've been to Vegas multiple times, though I've never watched the Bellagio Fountains show at it's entirety. The boyfriend and I took the tram over from Monte Carlo and were going to walk across the street to catch the shuttle to the Rio. While we were walking across the street, I swooped in at a spot right next to the front of the fountains. We waited about 5 minutes before the show started. I've heard people talk about the show and say how amazing it is. I kept thinking "Yeah, yeah...that's cool, a fountain show". But it really is an amazing show and it's free! I think that it would be an amazing backdrop to get married at. My boyfriend kept laughing because the song they were playing with the show we watched was the song they sing on "Step Brothers". I just kept thinking about Will Ferrell and John Reilly singing to it. It shows every 15 minutes, so when you're in Vegas, make sure you see it!
5	Who doesn't love a good fountain ? Actually i am pretty impartial to fountains but this is spectacular to say the least. I always like to see them at least once when i am here.
5	Bellagio Fountainshttp://www.bellagio.com/amenities/fountains-of-bellagio.aspxProbably the best free show in Las Vegas!  Simply amazing!  There are different shows throughout the evening featuring a variety of music and "water dancing".  For an even better experience, go to the top of the Eiffel Tower (Paris Las Vegas) across the street for a night view looking down.
5	I never thought I'd write a review for water...for some reason I thought I might be the first, but obviously I'm not. The Fountains at the Bellagio are so amazing that this review isn't going to come close to doing it justice. It's something you definitely have to check out for yourself when you're in Vegas--obviously the night show is way better. It's free and the coolest part is you can pretend that you're George Clooney or Brad Pitt standing by the fountain in Ocean's 11.
5	Entertainment is cool. Especially when it's free!Get out there early enough so you can get a decent spot for watch the show. Just ignore the street vendors and enjoy!
4	This is one thing that is definitely worth seeing when you are in Vegas, especially since it is FREE!  :)  My hubby and I always have to come see the Fountains of the Bellagio whenever we are in Vegas.  It's really beautiful to watch the waters dance to the different songs.  Is is breath taking to watch and leaves you mesmerized.  Shows are every 15 minutes and I believe end at midnight. During the holidays, they have different music they play, which is really great. :)  Now, if The Bellagio can only take their dancing waters show up a notch or two by taking pointers from Disney's "World of Color" show then this would be even more amazing to see!!!!
4	It's free. It can be busy. It's something you have to see if it's your first time to Vegas...after that it can get a little old. Not only do you get to see the fountains but you get to endure the crowds of people on the evening who want to get a piece too!A good tip is to try to see the fountains looks out from the Bellagio - the crowds aren't as bad :)
5	Great tourist attraction, spend 10 minutes watching this amazing attraction and listening to the music. Bonus because it is free.
5	:) gorgeous! Runs every hour, but I'd recommend watching at night. Just not the same during the day time (music accompanying the fountain is very romantic)
5	The fountains of Bellagio are pretty exciting, unlike the corporate-operated Bellagio hotel which is just okay.The fountains come on every half hour unless it is after 8PM when they run every 15 minutes.  This is a Must See in Las Vegas as just about everybody from grandpa, to teenagers to little children enjoy the spectacular show of lights, water and music.The song and choreography is different each time (from singers like Celine Dion to Whitney Houston to Pavarotti), so you get a whole new show just about every time you visit.  My personal favorite is the fountain show with Frank Sinatra's "Luck Be a Lady" as the song is classic Las Vegas and the show really fun.  The fountains are way better after dark!!  You will know when the fountains start up even if you aren't looking at the Bellagio because besides the obvious music that is playing the water that shoots up in the air comes down fast and makes a very loud slap that echos off the walls of the Bellagio itself.
5	Beautiful.The only thing I can compare this to is California Adventure's World of Colors. Both deserve a 5 star but in their own special way.I love how this show is free! It's also shown throughout the day/night with a span of 15 minutes between each song. It's so easy to find a spot to stand to admire the water show. The water shoots up so high and the BOOM was loud. It's a lovely time.The Fountains of Bellagio is definitely something I look forward to whenever I come back to Vegas.
5	Beautiful! I love the music and how it's free. They play every 15 minutes and with different songs. I heard the Michael Jackson one and this other song that I have never heard of. I never thought moving water could be so pretty! The water shoots up high as the building at times! It was a wonderful experience! I can't stop watching it! Luckily I recorded a bit of it because I can see it again and again! If I have another chance I would definitely watch this again! It's just gorgeous.
4	Not that it bears repeating, but the Fountains of Bellagio are great! It is free and plays either every 30 min or every 15 min (depending on what hour it is). I've been to Vegas many times but this is the first time I've actually taken the time to wait for it and watch the whole thing. What I really loved was that because it was winter they played a Christmas song to match. Also a neat thing is that you can watch it more than once because they have a rotation of a few different songs so it has replay value! Only thing I would suggest is that they could add colors. That would really make it take off and get the 5 stars IMO.
4	I'm still amazed and impressed with how the water show is choreographed to music each of the handful of times I've seen it.
5	A Vegas must see!
4	Amazing show! We were seated at Olives for lunch and had the best view... It is entertaining and gives you sorta the wow factor...
5	I always come here day and night. It so very different between the two times. Always so magical and romantic.
5	The Bellagio Fountains were my favorite part of my trip to Vegas. I saw the last show (always patriotic at midnight) one night, and had to go back the next night where I proceeded to stay and watch 5 shows in a row over about an hour (11:00, 11:15 11:30, 11:45, and 12:00). You definitely want to see the shows at night because the lights add a great deal to the show.You can tell when a show is about to start because the random music that is playing over the speakers stops, to get ready for the music that accompanies the water and light show. The shows are to different songs every 15 minutes, although I'd get there early if you want a good spot and want to make sure not to miss it. The second night I was there, a group walked up right at midnight, and the show which had started 2-3 minutes earlier was just finishing, so they missed it.
4	Spectacular!!! It was well worth the 25 minute wait in the freezing cold to see the show. The fountain  is beautiful and I loved how the water shooting out of the jets almost sounds like fireworks. It's a must see when in Vegas. If you're there at Christmas time don't forget to stop into the Bellagio to see the beautiful Christmas displays. And even if you're not there during the Holidays the Hotel is a must see just for it's regular art displayed art work.
5	When I was a kid, the attraction to see was the Mirage Volcano, but Vegas has evolved and Bellagio has step up to provide extravagantly majestic shows for free. Throughout the year, I like to go watch it from time to time to see the changes, but my favorites will always be Time to Say Goodbye or My Heart will Go On because of the family and friends I see it with. My sister has an unnatural love for Celine Dion. I appreciate and cringe a little because of that.When the weather is nice, a stroll down Las Vegas Boulevard and witnessing this breathtaking display will always be a must.
5	Amazing! We saw the fountains go off to classical music. There is so much water and force behind the water. I was almost expecting the flame torches on the other side to go out from all the mist but they didn't. It really takes the breath out of you.
5	The only Vegas attraction left that still makes me stop and stare. Always makes me feel like a tourist. If you're looking to get a great aerial shot, the Eiffel Tower is a great place to get a bird's eye view. I totally agree with Stacia, Chateau's patio is one of the best places to get a good show.
4	Always wonderful to see. Amazing how they choreograph the water to match the music. Simply beautiful.
3	Add some Disney background music and colors...BAM...world of colors.
5	While the fountains dazzle us with their graceful movement of water set to music during the day, as well as at night, I have only viewed them at night.  A coincidence only, I assure you.  However, I think it'd be better at night because of the lighting that goes with it.  Beautiful.  Each show, the music changes, and so do the water designs.  Sometimes, it's classical music, sometimes easy listening.  Whatever the case, it's all quite impressive and well worth a few minutes of time to watch.  I can't even count how many times I've seen it, and it never gets tiring.  Oh, and by the way, IT'S FREE !!!!!!!!!!!
5	LOVE THE FOUNTAINS!This is my favorite part of coming to Vegas. I stop so many times to see this show!! I am so amazed and curious about the work that goes behind synchronizing the water and lights to the music. A MUST SEE PART OF VEGAS!
5	What's not to love about the Fountains of Bellagio??  There's not really much to say besides this is a MUST SEE if you've never been to Vegas/never seen the fountains.  Since there's not much to explain about it, I took the liberty of looking up the schedule, since I can never seem to figure it out.  Here ya go:SHOW TIMES:Monday - Friday3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays* and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutes*On Sundays Fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine.Schedule may vary.Shows are subject to cancellation due to high winds.
5	If you have been to Vegas and have not stopped to see the Bellagio Fountain Show, there might be something slightly wrong with you.  No seriously, go see a doctor;-)  Every time I'm in Vegas (once a yr), I make a point to see the show, which happens about every 15 minutes throughout the day and night.  It's always set to different music, so each year I've been more and more impressed.  This time around, it was set to Elton John's "Your Song".  Trust me, it's worth your time.  Even in the middle of the day, it's one of the most romantic things you can do as a couple or most beautiful you can share with your kids and/or friends.  I have even witnessed proposals here!
5	Thunders like Champagne Fireworks!!!
4	***This iconic fountain show is a must stop if you've never been to Vegas, but it is better in passing than watching a full show, which can get a little repetitive; still, when the water is shot to its highest point, it is fairly impressive***
5	Every time I go to Vegas I catch as much fountain showings as I can. The amazing part is that it is always changing. Not just every time I see it, but I've been here five different years and they all have been different! The lighting, music and synchronicity of it all makes it one of the, I think, best professional displays of water that is free. The immense power to shoot water over 400 ft is something to see first hand. There is no words to describe it.
5	So awesome! I was in total awe the entire time. This is definitely something everyone has to check out when they go to Vegas!
5	I don't think it's possible to not love the fountains. Other than possibly getting sprayed in the wind on a cold day (which I didn't), there is absolutely nothing negative about the experience. It's just brilliantly beautiful- all day, every day.
5	Free is good.Free and awesome is even better.The fountains outside the Bellagio are free and awesome. The shows are frequent, technically stunning, and beautifully composed.
5	In a place where money is everything, there are few things left in sin city that are actually free, without consequence. Free casino cocktails are courtesy of losing wages, complimentary rooms are through earned player points, and the pirate show at Treasure Island ... ought to pay it's spectators for being the cheesiest reoccurring show on the strip. The Fountains of the Bellagio on the other hand, are about as good as free gets.For those not in the know, these fountains provide a water show of synchronized streams of water pulsating to a random song two times an hour and four times an hour after 8PM. The best time to watch is at night as the light beams emanating from each stream provide a real spectacle not to be missed.These fountains don't discriminate. Everyone is allowed to watch. Crowds aren't really regulated and each show features different songs. Each are unique, fun, and beautiful. It has become synonymous with the Bellagio and dare I say more popular than some of the live Broadway-like shows up and down LV Boulevard.There are shows all around the world that do something similar, be it in a mall or even at the Burj Khalifa in Dubai. But few have a place in my heart like the Fountains of the Bellagio, easily the best outdoor show on the strip.
5	Technically amazing and brilliantly choreographed. When visiting Las Vegas this is a must-see, if at least once. When getting tired of making a deposit at the strip casinos, or need to take a rest when exploring the strip itself ( it really is an optical illusion - nothing is that close to walk to! ) the Fountains of Bellagio are a welcome reprieve. Plus, it's free!Shows are scheduled throughout the day and evening. The show is a feast on the eyes and the ears as it is a wonderfully synchronized water symphony choreographed to light and music. It takes place in a quarter mile long lake in front of the impeccable grounds of the Bellagio casino. The dancing fountains move along ever so gracefully to music from Pavarotti, Sinatra, Bocelli and to powerfully pulsating jets of water high in the air to opera, classical and Broadway tunes. It is actually quite impressive how they designed this and keep it running non-stop, and each time to a random selection of music. Each show is different and unique. I have seen this show many times over the years - from walking by, to having a room with a view on the strip, driving by in a car, day and night, and even when having dinner. Somehow it just draws you in, and you always stop to look even if just for a few minutes. The show is visually stunning at night, as you get the full effect of the fountains being lit up along with the music.One of the best viewing spots to experience the show and enjoy a meal is at Mon Ami Gabi across the street at the Paris casino. Try to get a seat in the outside area and you can see the show a few times over a bottle of wine and steak frites.The show runs every day and holidays so there is always a chance to catch a performance. Taken from their website - SHOW TIMES:Monday - Friday3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays* and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutes *On Sundays Fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine.Schedule may vary.Shows are subject to cancellation due to high winds.
5	This is the best free show you can get in Vegas. Everyone must take the time to see this show at least once but I'd recommend everytime. In the later party of the afternoons, the show goes on every 30 minutes then evenings it starts every 15 minutes.If you would like a different perspective, go up to the top of the Eiffel Tower to watch. You won't regret it.
5	Luck Be a Lady Tonight!I guess it was fate we arrived at the bellagio at the right time.....We were thrilled when we heard Frank Sinatra filling the air with luck, love and magic. We cuddled up leaned against the fence and watched the water dance to a music legend....Romance was definitely in the air....It was a perfect night.
5	It's hard not to really like a free, quality show.  This may be the best free show on the strip!
4	I go here every time I am at the Bellagio. Time to Say Goodbye is one of the best songs they use. If you have never been here and you are a local, thats just sad. Love it!
5	This was such an amazing aspect to my Vegas trip! This water show was spectacular to say the least. We saw it at night to so the colors and the music was just soooo romantic!!!
5	I get a rush when I hear these fountains sing and see the waters dance (personification, anyone?)  The best is when they play Celine Dion, btw!Absolutely beautiful and right in tune to the beat.  A must see!
4	I proposed to my soon to be wife here. Its a nice place to stop on the strip and watch the show. It never seems to get old as they rotate through several shows... even though they look pretty much all the same. We really like the Bellagio hotel and the fountains are just a nice way to say hello Vegas.
5	Totally, completely and utterly amazing. This is a must for any trip to Vegas. Stand dead center facing the Bellagio. Prepare yourself. Note: If it is windy they may cancel this show. This runs every 15 minutes.
5	oh come on, if its not 5 stars you are out of your mind. its FREE. what else is free in vegas???? NOT MUCH! this is beautiful and charming, day or night. actually come both. they have different feel to it. its so pretty. that's all there is to say. i saw it during the daytime, the evening time, and from the top of the paris eiffel tower! the best view is probably at night but that is personal preference. the watershow never gets old because it's a different song each time. depending on the day/time the water show is scheduled to come on every 15-30mins from certain hours of the day. check the website if you really want to plan it around a song. i wish it was just a tad warmer so that it was comfy to just hang around and watch. (i went in december!)
5	This is definately the best free show in Vegas. It's absolutely beautiful to watch.
4	Broke? Trying to save a few greens out of your wallet or pocket? Trying to find things in Vegas that makes Vegas, Vegas? Would you like to be amazed?Well, the fountains of bellagio will do all that and more. What's the more? Well, probably get you a bit wet. Makes your lips form the shape of an "O" and the words ohhh or ahhh would most like be coming out. This is the place where as of most recent golf pros have been filming their advertisements. The fountain is huge! Plenty of watching space that's if you keep walking to find a space without people. They play different songs and type, from classical to celine dion, to country, etc. What comes to mind when you hear of a fountain show? Whatever it is, your probably right! Water being shot in the sky. It's following the beat of each song doing different rhythm to make each show different for the rest. it'll make you entertained for awhile. The best part of this show? It's FREE! Need I say more? It's age appropriate for any age levels. Whether your single, dating, married, drunk... It's entertaining for a good ten minutes or so. How can you possible say no. i would recommend it!
5	I love these fountains! I can sit there and watch them for hours.....They are beautiful and, even better, they are free! Can't beat it for sure.
5	So much fun!!! I couldn't believe how cool this was and it was FREE! I just happened to walk past the Bellagio when this show was happening.Surprisingly awesome. You think it's just a fountain, but it is truly cool.
4	It's pretty cool and free.  Definitely a must do if you're in Vegas.
5	This needs no introduction. If you seen Ocean's 11 then you will remember this. It's free and great. It usually plays the same music everytime. Most played song is Celine Dion's My Heart Will Go On. It does play holiday music. It always crowded at night. Some stat as soon as it is over, some leave. You should watch both day and night. At night it just looks so beautiful.
4	I am currently watching the fountain show through my hotel room at the vdara. Seen it many times throughout the years. I only wish they would broadcast the music through the radio so we can listen in to the music while we are in our room.
5	Ocean's 11, end of the movie, the guys are sitting gloating over their illicit triumph over Benedict and the Bellagio/MGM/Mirage vault.  Where do they go? to watch the fountain show.  Movie magic aside (somehow no one else was there watching), this remains the premium free show on the strip.  Every 15 munites or so the bell goes  goes off beginning an impressive collaboration of music and dancing water jets.  I am always amazed at the height of the jets.  It is actually a simple concept from a production standpoint but it outshines the Volcano and Pirate Show and never seems to get old thanks to the ever changing music rotation.  The kids love it, the out of town guests demand it, and even amid the flashing lights and traffic noise, it gives you a chane to break away from the madhouse that is Vegas for a relaxing, romantic moment!
5	This is something you must experience if you're in Vegas. I've seen the show from the street, in the balcony at Bellagio, in a Planet Hollywood room, and the Cosmo balconies. I think the best view was at Planet Hollywood if you get the right view, but you don't get to hear much of the music.If you're looking for the best seat in the house, the balconies at the restaurants in the Bellagio are the best! But beware of the mist!
5	If Vegas had a Statue of Liberty, or an Eiffel Tower, or Pyramids, you know, a truly distinctive must-see landmark, the Fountains at the Bellagio would be it, don't miss it!
5	Awesome! This is a #1 must-see in the Strip. Just go already!
5	If for no other reason, seeing the ending of Ocean's Eleven made this a great moment to see live, in person:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23dvaEwG-W0Honestly, the videos and pictures do no justice to just how majestic the water fountains really are. These puppies are LOUD and do they shoot up HIGH!After the show is over, two guys rush out there on a boat to fine tune the nozzles. What a job those two have!Easily the best free attraction in Las Vegas.
5	Beautiful!  Just beautiful!  Every 30 minutes starting at 7pm the fountains in front of the Bellagio dance to beautiful music, leaving all of her spectators in awe!  Cameras are snapping pictures, video and treasuring moments not to be forgotten.  Truly awesome!
3	Okay, it's pretty cool, but I'm calling shenanigans.  First, we waslked a long, long ways after our dinner on the other end of the strip just to have the show cancelled due to "wind."  (Note to Bellagio owners: You spent $40m for an attraction that has to be shut down in 8mph winds?!  You know this is the desert, right?)Second, as I was walking down the path, looking at the water, I ran smack into a tree limb that was stuck out over the pathway, at eye level.  Not cool Bellagio!  Didn't your lawyers tell you about property owners' liability?  Italians may be too short to hit their head on such branches but sometimes you have compromise on authenticity.  Although we didn't actually get to watch the show on the Bellagio property, I will speculate that the best place to watch is from Mon Ami Gabi across the street, sitting on the patio.  You get to watch it over and over, with a glass of wine in your hand, comfortably sitting rather than standing in a throng of people, and when you get bored you can turn back to your conversation with your table mate.
4	Really cool free attraction, as others have said. Caught a show by accident after walking up and down the Strip a few times- was upstairs on the walkway so only got the side view, but was impressed nonetheless. Worth seeing if you're in the area, and if you actually think ahead and get in place in front of it, I'm sure it's even better.If you're hungry afterward, there's a little gelato and sandwiches place just inside the right hand side ground-level entrance- the proscuitto panini is fabulous and fresh-baked with minimal wait. Would have loved to watch the show as I ate it, but picked it up afterward when I headed downstairs.
5	I am awestruck every time I see these fountains work their magic! Wonderful show that is always free to watch! It truly epitomizes the experience of Las Vegas!
5	we got to see the version of Time to Say Goodbye by Andrea Bocelli and Sarah Brightman and the fountains choreography combined with this music was fantastic. so emotional and beautiful!great idea for the strip entertainment at any time of the day!
5	The fountains at Bellagio are one of the best places to relax and enjoy a free show in Las Vegas. This is the biggest fountain I've ever seen and it's definitely one of my favorite attractions.I try and make at least 1 show a day in the last 3 years I've been to Vegas.Honestly, it's free. What more could you ask for. It's every 15 minutes from 7pm until midnight on the weekends.--Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
5	I rate The Fountains of Bellagio 5 of 5 stars. As a frequent visitor to the Las Vegas Strip, I am also a frequent visitor to the Bellagio and specially The Fountains of Bellagio. Dancing water fountains which are synchronized to the music are graceful, beautiful and relaxing. Each show is a totally different and worth waiting until the next show! My best tip is that if you are planning to stay at The Bellagio, make sure you get a room with a fountain view! You can listen to the music on your TV while you look down on the fountains. Each show is about 3 to 5 minutes long and show times are every 15 minutes. The fountains look good in the daytime but really shine in the nighttime! Wow! Highly recommended!!!
5	Favorite Vegas feature. Pure artistry - fountains set to music, an epic scale that is truly Vegas. Features several different shows with a wide range of music and fountain choreography.  Can view the fountains from Bellagio restaurants as well as Cosmopolitan cityview rooms. The effect of the shows at dusk vs. evening is pretty unique, recommend both. Never gets old.
5	One of the best things in Vegas, or anywhere!
5	The FREE show, Fountains of Bellagio, is a must see on any ones trip to Vegas.  Anyone at any age will be amazed at this beautifully, choreographed, elaborate water show.  The fountains dance  to different songs from Michael Jackson (Billie Jean), classical music, rock, pop, Frank Sinatra, Beetles songs, etc.   Times when the magic begins.  Monday - Friday3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays* and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutesI watched the show up close, driving through, and atop the Eiffel Tower.  It amazes me every time.  My kids stood still (even my toddler) every time we watched it.  It'll take your breath away.  A picture of the fountains when I went on the Eiffel Tower.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=8kskB3QBzO3eQQ1egeasXQ
4	It's the most amazing trick somebody can do with watter
5	Something awesome to do and FREE in Vegas?!?!?
5	My Oceans 11 experience.I did not just finish robbing a casino of millions of dollars but I stood in front of the fountain wishing I had millions.  I was then slowly awakened to reality from the mist from the fountains.  You cant pass this place up when your visiting Vegas.  Whether its your first time or not.  The Fountains of Bellagio puts on a spectacular water show.  They are synchronized to music from classical, country and pop.  Show times vary but once it starts there is a show that happens every 15 minute till it ends at midnight.Locale ~ On the Strip baby!Extras ~ Great show, Nice to be outside it!
5	The first time I saw the Fountains at Bellagio I did not fully appreciate them. In fact, if I had been writing Yelp reviews back then I probably would have given them just two stars. It was a hot (I mean HOT) afternoon in the middle of the summer, I was hungover, and I just didn't understand why my friends wanted to stand out in the sun with the crowds and the exhaust fumes from the traffic all around us and watch water spurt into the air. Everyone loves that scene from Oceans Eleven but we all know that in reality there is no time of day or night when you can stand in that spot in front and watch the fountains while having a moment of solitary peaceful quiet reflection. There is just too much activity on that street. So, my advice to you for enjoying the fountains, and the Las Vegas strip in general actually, is to avoid the tourist crowds and traffic on the streets and stay within the comfortable oasis of a nice casino hotel.A few years ago when my husband and I stayed at Bellagio for a long weekend we were privileged enough to get a room facing the fountains. Sitting in our room with the curtains open, sipping champagne, we must have watched that show half a dozen times in a row (back then it was every 15 minutes on the weekends). Even with the sliding door closed you could still hear the music so that magical feeling permeated our entire stay there. This winter we stayed at the Cosmopolitan and again had a room facing the fountains, this time with a large balcony complete with patio furniture. We enjoyed brunch out there watching the show from a vantage point much higher than the water reached which gave me a great appreciation for the choreography.  All of those jets of water firing off in the right sequence to complement the music is truly an impressive feat. As the water fell back down into the pool below, it created a loud crashing sound that echoed against the walls of the hotels and I was in awe of the power involved. There are also various restaurants on the strip where if you are lucky you can get a view of the fountains and that is a whole other experience enjoying them silently from afar. The lighting at night adds a whole other level to the show.The Fountains at Bellagio are something that everyone coming to Vegas should see at least once. Just pick your seat for the show wisely and it will be an experience you will never forget.
5	I could write a long review about the fountains but it just doesn't need it. There is no cost, just grab a spot and wait for the water show to begin! It simply is awesome. They have for years played the same few songs when the show is going on and "Viva Las Vegas" is my favorite! P.S. Don't be scared if a life size elmo is lurking somewhere behind you! That's all :)
5	You would think: Las Vegas... desert.... conserve water??Well, this fountain is like "F*%K YOU!!!" BOOOOMMMMM!!!!!My god it feels like WWII with those damn water canons!!And they end up playing Sinatra and rat-pack music while its going on? Makes you feel sad that you were not old enough to experience Vegas how it USED to be.There's always a crowd, but never a bad seat.I miss Vegas. :'(
5	The BEST FREE thing in Vegas. If you don't see the fountains when your in Vegas then you didn't go to Vegas. Love the music of Frank Sinatra and Elvis. Real Vegas style. Really who cares if they use thousands and thousands of gallons of water.Tip: Get there early to get a good seat (a standing seat)
5	Viva Las Vegas!!!The first time I came to Las Vegas, the Fountains of Bellagio were able to grace me with their presence. Epic music filled the air, while a display of beautiful streams of water shooted from the fountain. An enjoyable moment that was to be remembered.This time, I had to take my boyfriend because he had never experienced the wondrous fountains of Bellagio when he was in Vegas. Nonetheless, after the show, he was truly amazed at the beauty.The fountain show shows every 30 minutes and be sure to get a good spot to view it!
5	Best FREE thing in Vegas. Was in town last year and totally forgot to give this attaction a 5 stars.Thank you Bellagio for creating this for everyone to enjoy.
5	What's not to love about the Fountains of Bellagio? It's free. It's beautiful. It's captivating. It's the only thing in Vegas that never seems to get old for me. The entertainment from the combination of dancing water, lights, and music is mesmerizing. With 30 plus songs, hearing seeing the same performance is few and far between which helps make the Fountains one of the most dynamic entertainment options in Las Vegas.The schedule varies by day, but basically they occur every 30 minutes during the afternoon and early evening and then from 6:00, 7:00, or 8:00 (depending on the day) every 15 minutes until midnight. My recommendation is to visit the fountains  at least three times. See power of the water in the daytime. See the beauty of the Bellagio, sky, and lake at sunset. See the majesty and mystery of the lights and water at night.The variety of songs range from classical to pop. You'll find Faith Hill's kitchy "This Kiss" or the Sin City anthem of Elvis belting "Viva Las Vegas" just as likely as you are to hear Sarah Brightman & Andrea Bocelli's inspirational "Time to Say Goodbye." The water is choreographed in complex patterns from 4 different types of water fountains that spray water in spherical motions or shoot water straight upwards. The tall blasts of 240 or 460 feet in the air are true crowd pleasers while the smaller jets appear to be truly dancing to the music.It all takes place in the 8-acre lake directly in front of the Bellagio. The firm WET Design was the mastermind behind the $40 million water show that features more than 1,200 spouts and 4,500 lights. Kudos to them and the Bellagio. The Fountains of Bellagio stand out in a city full of temptations and entertainment as a simple, timeless, and beautiful way to spend a few minutes letting your heart and spirit be a kid again.
2	I guess they stop the show after midnight =\
5	Some things...just never change.  Even with time, bad economy, etc. Still a free event.  Still beautiful, captivating and entertaining.  The music is great.  The water show is refreshing.  Amazing grace.
5	Beautiful! Amazing! Wonderful!I have been to Vegas numerous times and I never get tired at marveling at this sight; day or night.  It really fascinates me how the fountains are orchestrated through music.  I am unsure why this isn't considered one of the Natural Wonders of the World?!? Ok, maybe, I do know the reason...but nonetheless, you get my point, right??If you are in Vegas, your trip is not complete without visiting the Fountains of Bellagio. The "show" runs every 30 minutes from 3pm to 8pm and every 15 minutes from 8pm to midnight.
5	It never gets old.  Ever.Read Tim W's review for the extensive show and music list.If you go to Vegas for the first time, you must go see this.  Period.
5	Have loved the fountains since I saw them 8 years ago. Beyond amazing. I love the different shows during the different times. I seriously watch the fountains and have no interest in the casinos. It is always hard to walk away knowing that in a few more minutes another show starts. Well worth the wait if you get there right after one show ends.
5	Beautiful and sadly its one of the only impressive things the Bellagio has to offer. I had to have seen the show at least 10 times from a few different angles and different parts of the day. I think you have to experience the show during the day, from the top of the Eiffel Tower and at night. The music adds an extra umph to the show.Definitely a Vegas must see because the show never gets old.
5	Another highlight of my trip.There is nothing more refreshing then to catch one of the numerous fountain shows here at the Bellagio. These things are ginormous.  The sound of the water shooting up in the air surely resembles the sound of thunder striking ten feet away.  The peak of the water seems to clear 40 or 50 stories high without effort.For a free show of immense size, this is the best free show at Vegas, hands down.Cheers
5	I love fountain shows and this one definitely did not disappoint. My friend and I were walking down The Strip when he recommended watching the fountain at Bellagio. Initially I was expecting it to be nothing special, but as the show started, I realized that it was performing along with the classical music that was blaring (where did the music even come from? It just snuck up on me). Wow! It was so fancy and pretty that my friend had to snap me out of my reverie to take some pictures before it ended. Apparently the fountain show comes up every thirty minutes! I was surprised to find out that the music and fountain show switches up so it's not just the same show over and over again throughout the day. Definitely a must-see in Vegas!
5	Listen, not much is free on the Vegas strip.  And if it is free, then it's probably seedy and weird lol  But the Bellagio fountains are just spectacular.  Touristy?  Yes.  Kitsch?  Definitely not.  Yes, the Bellagio fountains are one of the first things that come to ones mind when considering a trip to Vegas.  It seems so ordinary... so expected... so... blah.  But only until you're standing in front of this huge water and light show during the much welcomed cool of night, void of the unforgiving desert sun, listening to the beautiful, soul-stirring sounds of Andrea Bocelli's "Time to Say Goodbye" do you realize this is anything but ordinary.  Even with the strip's noisy traffic, herds of tourists and seizure-inducing lights, you just feel this serene sense of calm.I know that in this age of Real Housewives of Whatevers, everyone thinks they're too cool for anything and everything, but the Bellagio fountains can't be missed for all the casinos and trendy nightclubs and upscale fare the strip offers.  It will make you feel small yet inspired... and that is very cool to me.
5	Based on my first time experience, the fountain was so captivating, elegance and beautiful.A must-see free thing on the strip.See u next time :)
5	Yeah, it's essentially the same show every half hour and it does get too crowded sometimes, but c'mon! It's free and it's very beautiful! I hope to bring a special lady here one day ;)
5	Reminds me of Ocean's Eleven.You don't have to pay to see these fountains and there are regular shows.What more can you ask for?Stop by the Buffet too! Yum!
5	Yelp 365 Challenge #149/365 (Las Vegas Adventures)You know how the blow hole in Hawaii is to the tourists? Well, let me take it back because no one wants to swim to the fountains for closer look BUT it is the attraction of watching the waters shoot up in the air. Anyhow, as the tourists in Hawaii are fascinated with the different water sites throughout the islands, tourists in Vegas (like me) will flock to the Fountains of Bellagio to watch five minutes of water shooting around. However, picture a family who was at the Adventuredome all day and walking into the desert heat to watch the water show. That's right...we all looked hot and dirty (not hot and dirty as in sexy but hot and dirty like we were running around like crazy!).Got the picture in your brain? Okay, now VISUALIZE that family WALKING THROUGH THE BELLAGIO from the parking structure to exit through the front entrance? Keep in mind this is early evening where everyone is heading out to dinner or going for a night out on Las Vegas. Yes...we were misfits looking like the Hawaii Kai Hillbillies taking pictures with our iPhones :) Anyhow, as we walked down to the fountains, it was crowded (Saturday night) with people trying to sell bottle waters to passing out tracts while yelling on their microphones. We found a spot because we wanted our grandson to see the waters shoot up and dance around (he's a water baby). Poor kid was miserable because he wasn't feeling well and we got alarmed that his cheeks got flushed because of the heat (not just the weather temperature but the heat from the crowd). Thank goodness it was after 7:00pm because the shows are every 15 minutes. We didn't have to wait long. Faith Hill sang as the fountains danced. My grandson just watched and outstretched his hand as if he could catch the water. The pictures I took was priceless just like water show (it's free). This is a definite recommendation for anyone to see this show because the background of the bellagio with the water dancing around and shooting high up in the air is beautiful and just romantic. Note: From afternoon to early evening, the show is every 1/2 hour. After 7:00pm to midnight, the show is every 15 minutes
5	Likes: Every time I come to Vegas I have to see the amazing free water show that shows every 15 minutes.  There aren't all the same either but have different songs and water patterns.  Love the one where the water blasts up higher than the bellagio hotel itself
4	Saw this during the day.I didn't get to see this at night though. Sad. It is beautiful, nonetheless and it is where Ocean's Eleven crew adjourned after their heist. I will always remember that piece of information because I got my daughter's name from the movie.
4	Beautiful light display at night that creates a welcome breeze in the summer :)
5	Stick around for a few shows to get a good mix of music.
5	Out of all the free things to do in Vegas, this is the best. This fountain show is best at night with the lights. Whenever I'm in Vegas, I have to see this no matter what.
4	No matter the view it is splendid.The view from the strip at night is stunning, the view from the "yellowtail" a great dinning spot was awesome, and almost personal.Lovely.
5	Everytime I go to Vegas, I come watch this, it's romantic,it's mesmerizing, it's beauty in motion laced with the grace of dreams...
5	The Fountains of Bellagio; it's a cool free show just be prepared to fight a crowd to get a good vantage point. We started off inside but realized we couldn't hear the music or feel the mist and on a hot day the cool and refreshing mist is rewarding. The entire show lasts about 10-15 mins and if you time it just right it's a free show you will be telling your friends and family about once you get home. I've seen the show twice now first time as a single male with a group of guys and we weren't impressed with the show but if you bring a date and you get a good vantage point it turns into a very nice and semi romantic experience.
5	We live in Las Vegas. About once a month we stop by the Fountains of the Bellagio. Always wonderful! We are in awe of the music choices! Beautiful!We take our visitors to see the fountains, every single one of them. No doubt, living in Las Vegas brings our family a lot of visitors! All our friends and family from around the world come see us in this exciting city! We love it - and we would never want to miss the dancing Fountains of the Bellagio!If you have a chance, go see the Fountains from top of the Eiffeltour! Amazing!
3	Still impressed with this show every time. It draws all walks of life, puts a smile on your face and it's free. I also think it's a non pick-pocketing zone, so it has that going for it.
5	great free attraction to see in Las Vegas... Very romantic and great for pics!
5	Fountains. Bellagio. Where does one go wrong with these two alone? And together, pretty dynamic. Haha. Yeah, it's freaking great. Now imagine standing here drunk and watching this. Even greater.
5	If you ever visit Vegas or live in Vegas, you have to visit the iconic Bellagio fountains, this is a great place to watch with that significant other while having some wine. My favorite fountain songs are:Andrea Bocceli - Con Te PartidoFrank Sinatra - Luck be a LadyFaith Hill - This Kiss
2	First time in Vegas, so my wife and I walked the strip and made sure we stopped by to check this out since everyone always says so much about it.  I won't lie, I just wasn't wowed by this.  It was free, so for free entertainment it was average.  I've been to botanical gardens back home on the east coast that have better fountain shows than this.  I hate to rip on it, because I was expecting to love it.  Sure, if I was on the strip and walking by I'd check it out again.  But knowing what I know now, I wouldn't ever choose to walk to the Bellagio just for the purpose of seeing this.  So I'd recommend checking it out if you are around, but don't go out of your way as it's average at best.
5	Goes without saying that the Bellagio fountains are wonderful.Even cooler than the Bellagio Fountains, however, is the entrance to the hotel and the crazy holiday themed setup inside.
4	It's very hard to miss this huge water fountain display outside the Bellagio Hotel, but it's truly stunning when view during the day or night. The fountain of water shoots very high to very low and they look like they're dancing to music. Some of the music played during the water displays were romantic such as Time to Say Goodbye from Andrea Bocelli. There are other songs which makes you want to gamble - which I don't - and spend more such as Big Spender from Cy Coleman and Dorothy Fields. The music played was also very loud! I could hear it very clear when I was on the top of the replica Eiffel Tower.
5	Love it! Always entertaining and beautiful!
5	A must see! It's free, frequently shows, it's beautiful, & something everyone will enjoy!Thank you for the awesome free show Bellagio!
5	Ah yes, and you wonder why other countries hate us?  a $40 million fountain show with 1,200 nozzles, 4,500 lights and hydraulic pumps that can shot water 460ft in the air, using 8 acres of water...in the desert.  And it's awesome!  An amazing, patriotic, super-cool experience and staple of the 21st century Las Vegas that has become a "must see" whenever you go.  Everyone knows it, everyone has seen it, and so will you.
4	We had read that the best view is from the Eiffel Tower, so that's where we went. Pretty crowded, but the view was great, and it was neat to see the rest of the strip from up there as well. Longish line for the tower, so plan accordingly.
1	A serious waste of time!  If you happen to catch it while walking by then go for it, but don't waste your time waiting around for this to happen.
5	Must see this fountain again . Best ever in fact $40 million worth of eye candy . Thanks Steve Wynn
5	What can I say?  Since the moment we first saw these fountains in all their glory at the grand opening of the Bellagio - these have been a favorite "must see" for every visit to my favorite city.The best performances?  One (from Chorus Line) and of course, Andrea Boccelli's Con te Partiro.Beautiful mix of lights and music, and that glorious blast of water that seems to shoot taller than the hotel itself (depending on where you're standing).One of the few "free" things you can get in Vegas that's worth the crowd and the wait.
4	The Bellagio fountain is one of the best free shows in Vegas. My favorite place to watch the show is atop the the Eiffel Tower observatory during the day. At night you can see the gorgeous show from the patio of Chateau Nightclub :)All the songs are classics or favorites and you will never be disappointed with this Must See Attraction!
5	Who doesn't love fountain shows? I see this every time i drive along Las Vegas Blvd. It's breathtaking and romantic, especially the last time we have seen it at night. My husband booked a dinner date at the Eiffel restaurant at Paris hotel. We are sitting by the window and it was Valentine's Day. I thought he is going to propose once again.  This fountain reminds me that simple things can bring so much joy, it's like bringing back the inner child in me!
4	Very striking and beautifully designed. You must see the water fountains/show!Apparently at the top of the Eiffel Tower Paris, you can see a fantastic view of the fountains. First time in Vegas, but we didn't know that and wish we would have. Tip: Also, if you are in adjacent hotel/casinos, ask for a room overlooking the Bellagio Fountains.  (We were stuck at the Flamingo and ended up with a room overlooking the interior area and construction site).
5	The fountains of Bellagio is a great place to relax and enjoy people watching.. The fountain show runs about every 30 min before 8:00pm and every 15 min after 8:00pm. I usually come here to clear my mind while watching all 8-12 different versions of the show. This is a great place to bring your friend from out of town, because in between the shows you guys can catch up and talk the night away making the breaks in between fast. I also love people watching around this area.. You would see the most bizzare things the strip has to offer. From Elvis impersonators, cast of toy story, to alot of drunk tourist, you will be entertained! In fact if you are a sociology major you may be able to write your thesis on the things that go on in front of the Bellagio Fountain! haha! Overall this is one of my favorite free shows on the Las Vegas strip. they say the best things in life are free, this is definitely one of them!
5	It is hard to beat this free attraction in Vegas.  These is something about the fountains that makes you want to see them over and over again.
5	There's nothing bad I can say about the fountains!  I could watch them for hours.  Try different locations to find your favorite spot.  If you aren't keen on the strip crowd (and have little ones in tow), you might try closer to the valet area/entrance to the Bellagio.We've found a couple little out of the way places we watch from.  #1 - You can use self-park for the Bellagio and park on the roof level.  You can view the fountains from up there, but not hear the music as well.#2 - The moving sidewalk that takes you from the Bellagio valet area down to the strip has some spots where you can stop and watch - and the music can be heard. Ironically, one of the worst places we tried to watch them from was in Hyde - the nightclub behind the fountains.  The music inside doesn't match and you just don't see them as well. :) Anyway you see them, I don't think you can go wrong :)
5	Every time I'm on the strip, I can't help but stop to watch the fountains. I could watch them for hours. Also, on a hot night, it's the best spot in town. At least, if you have to be outside!
5	Amazing!
4	A must on any Vegas trip, a nighttime viewing of the spectacular fountains.A great FREE attraction right in the heart of the strip.A must see in Las Vegas!
5	I've lived in Vegas before the Bellagio was built, and I worked at Bellagio--Let me tell you, the fountain show is stunning and is still one of my faves in Vegas. The fountains are synchronized to music, and is a spectacular show that is FREE. Granted you can't opt out from the weirdos standing next to you, but like I said it's FREE so it's bound to attract some eebie jeebies or snot nosed lil' kids. I believe they start at 3pm, every half hour, from 8pm-midnight every quarter hour. I highly recommend dining at Olives (deliciousness!) and sitting on their patio, or having a cocktail at Hyde to watch the fountains. Much better than viewing it from the strip, and you can get loaded while doing so!!! Cheers kids!
5	The Fountains is a must see for anyone alive. The combination of lights, water jets, and music are astounding. If you are only able to witness one thing while you are in Vegas, The Fountains are it! They perform every 15 minutes or 30 minutes depending on the time of day. Look it up and time your visit so you don't have a wait; and acquire a top viewing spot of your choice.
4	I didn't think that this was going to be all of that special and I can say that I pretty much went to appease my wife. Sure, I was a little curious, but it was 99% to not start a fight. Well, I was pleasantly surprised! This is actually pretty awesome. It's free and after 8pm it's every 15 minutes so the wait didn't bother me in the least. If you're on the strip after nightfall you should definitely check it out.
5	this is what magic must feel like, haha!!! saw it a few times.. they go on every half hour during the day and every 15 minutes at night! BUT the show is better at night in my opinion. also it's a great idea to check it out from the top of the eiffel tower for dat bird's eye view!!! truly grateful that i was able to witness this while still sober :')
5	Lucky us!!! As boyfriend and I walked the strip, we happened to be right in front of the fountain as a new show started. The song was My heart will go on, it was so romantic and soothing as we watched the fantastic show. 5 stars all the way!
5	This is the best free show in Vegas' especially at night. To beat the crowds, just get a table at a restaurant that has a view of the fountain.
5	Simply amazing. I don't know how many times I've seen the show but it just doesn't get old. A must see!
5	Honestly, I'm just writing this so that this place can inch closer to a 5-star rating (which of course won't happen... but how about 4.999?)Can't add anything to what's already been said.  But this show never gets old --- both the daytime and night shows.  People, it's healthy to get some fresh air in the midst of all the gambling/eating, so spend a few minutes watching this.
5	Bellagio's gift back to the community. It is graceful, sometimes romantic, other times whimsical.  It softens the harsh and overwhelming commercialism of the strip.  I returned every night before bed.
5	We visit Vegas 2 to 3 times a year and the Bellagio Fountains never get old.
5	The Fountains at Bellagio are one of the most beautiful sights/sounds in the world! Whenever I'm in Vegas I make sure to book a hotel room with a front row view of the fountains! It's nonstop entertainment from my hotel room almost 24 hours a day.
5	Add this to your Vegas to-do list! Sounds a little silly, but the fountains and lights put on a good show. I'd recommend going at night and being on the strip it's on the way to dinner and everything else you plan to do. It's a Vegas landmark!
5	When I was a kid, I had to visit the fountains and the observatory each time we visited. As an adult that lives here, it's something I really don't mind going to see when family and friends visit and ask me to play tourguide. I used to work across the street in Planet Hollywood and on my break I would often get some fresh air in one of our access stairwells and to watch the show. I never got tired of it. I guess when it comes to FREE, Bellagio really hits all the stops. The water show is big and impressive. If you happen to walk by it a few times in the day, well it plays various things so there is high replay value. They program new material each year into the repertoire. During the holidays they programmed in Christmas numbers as well.  To chime in something different, let me nerd out for a moment. There's a urban myth that the water is treated grey water from faucets, but it isn't. It's actually water pumped from a well drilled decades prior to irrigate a golf course that previously existed on the site. The fountains actually use less water than irrigating the golf course did so there goes a lot of the comments I hear about it being massive waste. I'm too young to remember a golf course existing, but maybe some old soul may. And showtimes are as follows - Monday - Friday3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. show every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays* and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. show every 15 minutes*On Sundays Fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine. So come for the fountain, stay for botanical gardens. This is one of the best free things around.(Yelp 100 Challenge 36/100)
3	This water show is very pretty. It's synchronized to music which makes it interesting. It's also free so you should definitely check it out. People overhype it just a little too much though. I feel like after you see it a couple times, it's not that exciting.
5	The Fountains of Bellagio are very impressive to watch.  We always bring family and friends here to enjoy this free show.  There is nothing much that I can add that has not been mentioned in other reviews.The only thing that is better than watching the show outside is to watch the show inside.  If you book a room at the Bellagio with a lake view, you will not regret it.  Turn the television channel to the music for the water show, and then watch the display!  It is awesome!  There is no better way to experience the Fountains of Bellagio than watching it in the privacy of your own room with your special someone!!!
4	This is so much more impressive and entertaining than I ever anticipated. This is a must see when in Vegas. I am planning a trip soon to Sin City and hope to see more the fountains as many times as I can. The last trip we really weren't expecting it to be so fantastic so we grabbed a watch at the end of our trip on the way out. I'd honestly rather hang out here than a casino!
5	The fountains are pretty neat to watch.  They shoot up to a sound track of fun songs and lights.  The shows are every 15 minutes or half an hour depending on what time of day it is.  We actually ate at a restaurant across the street so that we would have a good view of the fountain show without having to stand around.
5	While I was in Las Vegas (Labor Day weekend 12'), I made sure to take time out my schedule to enjoy the Fountains of Bellagio. The Fountains of Bellagio is one of the free shows you can watch on the Las Vegas strip. The way the music sync with the water is amazing. The Michael Jackson theme music is perfect. The Fountains of Bellagio become busy very fast. Being tall really comes in handy because you can see over the crowd. It's best to view the show at night (lighting is better). Watching the Fountains of Bellagio at night is priceless. The Fountains of Bellagio isn't as busy during the day but you don't get the full experience in my opinion. You can take some cool pictures and videos. I highly recommend watching the Fountains of Bellagio while in Vegas, it's truely amazing!
3	It's one of those things you have to do in Vegas - see the show. It starts every fifteen minutes and lasts the length of one song. It's a choreographed water show that sometimes includes fog (My Heart Will Go On). We watched from the front of The Bellagio and caught the end of one show and then stayed for two more. Very Vegas, a must see while on the strip.
5	Pretty Spectacular especially since its Free!  Honestly it would be easy to go broke while visiting Vegas if you're not careful...but this fountain show is FREE.  Of course, if you have to walk to it from any distance you will be subjected to people from all walks of life trying to sell you something, but it is worth the trek.  I really love when they play the song "God Bless the USA".  It always brings a tear to my eye.5 Stars!
4	A free, but short, show for those walking along the Strip or viewing from their rooms. That's great! Whenever I get to see the show, it's a blast. Definitely something that you need to see while in Vegas, because...well, really, why wouldn't you? Two negatives, though:1) I've been to the bigger, better Dubai show and am always comparing the two...and Bellagio loses every time, and 2) It's rare, but you'll occasionally get a really, really bad song to shoot fountains to. Case in point: "All that Jazz". Great song to listen to, terrible song for the fountains. It's so mellow that the fountains never hit their full stride, and barely got 75% of the height I know they are capable of. Not impressive, especially on a Saturday night (which it was). My buddy has a somewhat negative view of the fountains in that this was the only time he got to see them after hearing hype over the years. However, when push comes to shove, I'll always recommend a stop at the fountains.
4	This show is alright, something every vegas-goer must see apparently. The show is really short but pretty good and never too crowded. Easy to get good view and easy to take good pictures. Since its free and at a relatively populated location, its a must see!
3	Everybody has seen this show in the multitude of television commercials. Experiencing it live is pretty cool. The show is well choreographed and somewhat short for the one-half hour wait for the show. It's a lot of water shooting up in the air, and once you see it, you'll need not go back.
5	These don't get old! Awesome peaceful show along the hectic strip! It's hard to believe this awesomeness is produced by MGM Resorts (some of their other properties are total dives!!).
4	I love this place.  The accompanying classical pieces go great with the water show, I'm waiting for them to bust out Tchaikovsky's Overture of 1812.  My wife and I have been to this place twice in as same amount of trips and we never tire of it.
5	It's the best experience on the strip, and it's FREE. Plan your trip around seeing the fountains at least once while your here. Though it would seem like the show would be repetitive, but it really isn't and during my three day stay at the neighboring Cosmopolitan I didnt hear or see the same show twice.Show starts around 3pm until 7pm and from 715p onto 12a you'll see a show every halfhour so it's impossible to miss. Get there early and get up close and enjoy one of the best attractions on the strip, 5 stars!
5	Always a treat to see this if you make it on time or happen to be in the area a bit before the show starts! I notice you have to be careful as your in a zone watching the show from pickpockets. Easy to just lose yourself for 5 minutes! Very nice water show and a must for a first timer in vegas on things to do!
5	I think this is classic Vegas and something everyone should experience at least once.  On my first visit to Vegas this was a must see and we were completely in awe.  We watched the fountains dance to Pink Panther which was such a delicious treat.  Lots of streaming water being shot through the air with musical precision.  My only wish is that we came back more and more to see all the other versions.  The music changes every hour and the after 8pm the fountains go off every 15 minutes.Don't miss out on one of the greatest free shows on the strip.
5	VIVA LAS FOUNTAINSOur upcoming Vegas trip in two weeks will certainly include several viewings of the Bellagio fountain show. I could endlessly watch this and be entertained. The spraying water dances in time to a variety of songs with music set to the rhythm. This trip we'll be staying at the Flamingo, so I'm excited to note that the Fountains are at the Strip + Flamingo intersection! Woot woot!I love water. Who doesn't?! To get to see something like this is really incredible - youtube videos sort of capture the magic but are nothing like seeing it live and outdoors - even from inside a hotel it's just not the same (but still pretty neat). And it's free.Hours of operation:*Monday - Friday: 3 p.m. - 7 p.m. (with shows every half hour), 7 p.m. - midnight (with shows every 15 minutes).*Weekends and holidays: Noon - 7 p.m. (with shows every half hour), 7 p.m. - midnight (with shows every 15 minutes). Note: Every Sunday for Jasmine's "Fountain Brunch," show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes.
5	The fountain show is beautiful -- and it's free! I think people look at photos of the fountains and think - 'big deal', but once you take the time to watch them, so easy to get drawn in!The way the fountains move so fluidly with the music notes is mesmerizing. It truly is an art and a must see if it's your first time in Vegas!The show is beautiful day or night but I personally prefer seeing them at night because I like how the lights glow from under the water.
5	There is a great restaraunt at he paris that you can sit out on the terrace to watch the fountain show all evening. Very beautiful and relaxing experience while you sip on some champagne
4	Like most things in Vegas, the Fountain is much better at night.
5	Awesome free attraction! It's so beautiful and amazing to watch! There are shows every half hour and a new song each time. That means you can watch it multiple times and get a new show each time. I've lived in Vegas for almost three years and I still don't get tired of seeing this show. Great to see if your with your family or on a gambling vacation.
5	Love it!
5	This is, the best free attraction Las Vegas has to offer. New songs are added regularly! And even change with the holidays! The water can reach over 400 feet at pressures that would tear off your limbs. Although it's in the public, it can be very intamite and romantic.
5	So pretty, definitely worth seeing. Even better at night when the lights in the water add to the show.
4	As far as free things to do, this is a must stop for all tourist's checking out the strip.When I am playing tour guide for all my friends in town, this is a must see attraction. The music has been different almost every time I have come here. I've heard show tunes, Feelgood rock and I think the last time we went-Michael Jackson! There's tons of space, as long as you get there right before it starts and secure a spot and bear the crowd that rushes the wall facing it. It's really fun to get a group of friends in one of the little alcoves, whether its day or night!  Provides a great photo op if you have the right settings on your camera, and I have taken more than 1 shot of lovebirds kissing while the water streams were at their peak-reaching a couple hundred feet in the air. Need a cool me down? During the summer when it's blazing on the strip catch a mid day show, and take note of the wind direction-if the wind is blowing east, whenever the jet streams hit their peak, a light, cool sprinkling rain shower can be had for a split second that is nice and refreshing compared to the heat! This also works against you if you watch it when it's cold, and can actually make you feel colder! lol I'm sure someone has posted this-but I'm going too anyway just to keep the trend!Shows times are as follows:Monday - Friday3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays* and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutes*On Sundays Fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine.It's free, it's fun, go check it out and get a tourist to take a group show of the friends and the price can't be beat! Cheers!~MikeB
4	great  free show when your walking up and down the strip. good for people of all ages. a must watch when you are in vegas
5	This attraction is one of the most amazing things man has ever created. If you don't like the Bellagio Fountains, you're just a bad person.
5	A must-see. Period.
5	I can write an endless reasons why I love about the fountains of the bellagio.  But I am sure those who have seen it and love it has probably the same reasons why it is so glamorous and exciting.  It is pretty impressive and love the songs they play.  I can never get tired of watching it over and over again.
5	Over 15 years ago, I fell in love with the Bellagio Fountains (and was introduced to the enchanting voice of Adrea Bocelli =)  These fountains blew away the corny pirate show and subdued volcano, a few blocks down. The fountains demanded all eyes then and still today as the strips most spectacular curbside attraction. This has got to be the world's largest synchronized fountain show, right? The show is awesome from any angle, any time of day and it's free. When I'm in town, I always pay hommage to my fountains.
5	my all-time favorite attraction in vegas. if you are staying at the cosmopolitan (or can somehow finagle your way up to the rooftop pool), the best arial view of the show (every 15 minutes) can be seen from here.
5	Amazing,I love watching this every time I go to Vegas.. It's just nice to watch the fountains from time to time, plus there are amazing artist all along the walk for you to look at after the show is over..So after you wake up from your long night of endless partying take a break and watch the fountains..
5	This is my favourite thing about Las Vegas. Never fails to entertain!
5	clearly a must-see day and night. if you're in vegas, this is one of the things that makes vegas- vegas. it's also one of the few things in vegas that is free and it's worth taking the time to enjoy this lovely show. i try and go everytime i visit.
5	Whether you're a tourist or a local, the Fountains of Bellagio should be on your list to visit. Located in front of the Bellagio hotel, this show sets water fountain choreography to music every 15 minutes. Sometimes you'll have to move around a bit to find a good spot to watch the show, but it is worth it. Sometimes we'd stay to watch several shows in a row, with each one a different song.
5	Located in front of the Bellagion Hotel & Casino. If you only want or plan to see only one free show when visiting, this is one to do. The fountains is arguably the best free show to see in Las Vegas. It helps that they go off very frequently too. Starting at 3pm(noon on the weekends), it is shown every 30min. After 7pm the show time changes to every 15min and runs til midnight daily. There is a regular rotation of songs, I'm not sure how many but there's at least a few before it will repeat. The show itself will last about 5min for each performance. It is known to be a romantic spot. One of my sisters was proposed to in front of the fountains. Don't forget the conservatory is just a short walk inside the Bellagio. Excellent way to kill 2 birds with 1 stone!
5	I think this is my favourite hotel. I liked the fountain show. I was a bit surprised/disappointed they didn't use colours but the white lights illuminate the show just fine. I recommend going 7p-12a when the shows occur every 15 minutes as it then takes less time to see two shows. The shows are not all the same so staying for two is fun. Go inside to see the Via Fiori next to the Conservatory and Botanical Gardens, the Conservatory and Botanical Gardens and the chandelier called Fiori di Como by glass sculptor Dale Chihuly.
5	I never check out touristy things while on vacation.  This is a def must see!  My friends dragged me out there and it was well worth it.  The fountain show goes to the beat of the music that is playing.  Always a big crowd and a nice switch up from the fast pace things of Vegas.  Check it out you won't regret it!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THE SHOW! if you're in vegas remember to catch this fountain show! It is every 30 min or something, and 15 min after sundown...or something like that.  Remember to go AFTER dark, it is SOOOOOOOOO much better AFTER dark! Take a love one and get your camera ready!!!
5	I would say, "you can't come to Vegas and not see the fountains", but that's an understatement.  I live here and I literally stop to watch and listen every time I pass them!  What a grand and beautiful show in front of the Bellagio - one of those things that's a thrill to watch each and every time you're lucky enough to do so.  As often as I go when people visit, I still always hear new songs.    One of those Las Vegas sites that just never gets old :)
5	Whether it is your first time, or your hundredth, there is something magical about it.  Whenever the fountains dance to the song, "The Prayer", I get chills.I always take our visitors here and it is so easy to park at the Bellagio parking structure, walk through the indoor botanical garden and under the beautiful glass sculpture by Chihuly, then a very short stroll outside to Las Vegas Blvd.If you are visiting Vegas, this is a must see.  It is free and it is fun for all ages.  Showtimes:Monday - Friday3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. show every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays* and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. show every 15 minutes*On Sundays Fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine. *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 28/100*
4	This is another reason that I come to the strip. As a local, I usually steer clear of the strip at all costs, but when my husband and I are feeling like walking under some neon lights THIS is usually my first stop. It's gorgeous, open, and the shows are always timed to perfection. Wanna see something even more spectacular? Stop INSIDE the Bellagio and check out their garden area. Bellagio always knows how to "wow"!
5	Who doesn't love the Fountains at the Bellagio? It's one of the best FREE shows you'll see on the entire strip. And, it's a show that works around your shedule. It begins every 15 minutes so you can see it at 6pm on the way to dinner or at midnight once you've had a few cocktails and you're walking barefoot because your heels hurt so bad. Whatever the case, the Fountains at the Bellagio is another must see in Vegas!
5	While in Vegas we did not see any of the street shows but I demanded that we check out the Fountains of Bellagio. This was my first trip to sin city and it was the one thing o my checklist that I HAD to see. Incredible. I can't think of a better word to describe the fountains. There is a reason these water jets are on the top of so many Las Vegas lists. The shows run every 15 minutes until 11 pm. We caught them at night which I believe made the experience all the better. I was in awe. I could have sat there for hours watching the show. There is something romantic and beautiful about them that just keeps you there. If I remember one thing about the strip it will be the Fountains of Bellagio.
5	#1 FREE Attraction in Vegas (Seems like everything is FOCUSED on it)  - You can't miss it and I must say that the Bellagio Fountains are truly spectacular!
3	Always a nice place to see when you're here.
5	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. I am one of those people who is easily amused by shiny things and synchronized dancing and productions...bonus 'cause it's one of the free, under 10 minute things to do in Vegas. It's hard not to give this 5 stars 'cause it's free amusing entertainment. I will admit that it is one of the best free shows on the strip.
5	Saw these fountains at midnight, simply amazing.  I hadn't been here in years and had never seen the fountains before, they are just way too cool.  Heck, the entire Bellagio compound is stunning.  That much water, right on the vegas strip, money, money money.
4	After seeing it 20 times, it losses its Umph! But still cool to stop and watch. Short but entertaining.
4	Always impressed regardless by the amount of times I've seen it. Who doesn't love a little Frank Sinatra playing with a bonus of a synchronized water? The amount of room to watch the show is also pretty generous and it is often enough that you can come back or even wait around to catch the next round. It's also free to watch and finding anything for free these days can be a challenge.The only reason for the 4 instead of 5 is due to the fact that I had the opportunity to watch "World of Color" at Disneyland and that is THE MOST AMAZING water show in the world (of the 4 or 5 that I've seen anyway!).
4	I never grow tired of the dancing water @ the Bellagio!  One of the great things about Vegas is you can enjoy a free show like this!  This makes up the portion of the free "water" show in Vegas!  Head to the Mirage to see the "fire"!
5	An event that is a Vegas MUST SEE! You absolutely have to make your way to see the fountain show, the music can be a little bit cheesy but you won't be able to take your eyes away from this captivating water show! Be sure to go once during the day, and once the sun sets. It's beautiful!
5	There are 26 different songs played at the Fountains at the Bellagio. The Fountains play every 30 minutes from 3 to 8 and every 15 minutes from 8 to 12. This was one of my favorite things in Vegas and it was free! It gives me goosebumps every time. I watched the Fountains facing the Bellagio as well as on the patio of Picasso inside the Bellagio while eating dinner.
4	More dramatic at night and on sweltering hot days, the mist is probably the most enjoyable part. We never get tired of it, although my kids would like the fountains to dance to more current songs. lol
5	The fountains were very cool the way they moved and waved all over.   It was nice to sit and watch something free in Vegas.   I really enjoyed.
5	My wife and I heard so much about, how awesome and cool the Fountains of Bellagio are from friends and colleagues, that we just had to go and see. They said that it is a must see while in Vegas.I personally thought that the whole Fountains of Bellagio was just over hyped which made me quite skeptical about it.Well let me just say that I was wrong about the Fountains of Bellagio being over hyped and my skepticism was ill advised.I mean there aren't many free attractions or shows in Vegas. However, this one is, and it is an absolutely amazing thing to watch. My wife and I have seen the water show numerous times and it amazes us each time. Especially how they get the water show synced with music.Now that I've watched the water show at the Bellagio numerous times I can honestly say that I agree with all the Yelp reviews and reviews from friends and colleagues. Simply amazing and breathtaking.THIS PLACE IS A MUST VISIT IF YOU'RE IN VEGAS!
5	This is what vegas is all about. Love it.
5	If you were to ask me where you would go as the first thing to see on the strip, it would be right in front of the Fountains of Bellagio! Why? Okay here it is. *Takes deep breath.I consider this spot as the most appealing out of the whole strip because:1. It's a nice spot to take pics and what couple/family would turn down a romantic/family moment? 2. It's free. 3. Usually there are characters hanging around that you can take pics with. No, im talkin about the ones that are dressed up as Buzz Lightyear and Woody from Toy Story. Of course these guys require a tip so its at your discretion.4. You have some of the best casinos in the same area namely Caesar's Palace to the right, Cosmopolitan to your left, Bally's, Paris, and Planet Hollywood behind you.5. Once the show is done, you can proceed inside Bellagio and go look at another free thing if you haven't already, The Bellagio Gardens.Some other random info: Free rides in a police car and a free night in a jail cell after taking a swim in the fountain. Make sure you go to the bathroom first before watching anything that has a lot of water continuously splashing around especially after consuming large amounts of alcohol or beverage of your choice.
5	I don't care how many times I've seen them, I keep coming back. Sure, I'll walk past them at times but the fountains are loyal and always there for you. From noon to midnight on weekends and 3pm to midnight on weekdays, you can always count on this free spectacle. Only in Vegas do you have an 8-acre lake with water explosions in the midde of a city that glows with neon. There's no reason to go in-depth on one of the best (and free) attractions in Louie V as many of us have seen them. However, if you haven't had the pleasure, either stream Ocean's 11, or better yet make your way to 3600 S Las Vegas Blvd.
5	STUNNING.... Perfect music selectionTHE BEST free attraction on Las Vegas Blvd
5	Best free show in Vegas. I never get tired of the Bellagio fountains. Last time I went was during Memorial Day, and the song that the fountains danced to was "Proud to be an American." Highly appropriate and very well done. If you want a closer look, get there a few minutes early before it starts so you can get a good spot by the railing--this place draws the crowds more than anything on the strip I think. Watch your feet, or the moms with strollers will get you.
5	Such a beautiful attraction.  I love taking photos in front of this fountain.  BEST FREE SHOW IN VEGAS!TIP: There are a few restaurants you can dine at while watching the show (this isn't free though...lol)
5	Such a beautiful attraction and it's free, I suggest going like 10 min before the show starts to get a good space or view to watch it. They also have nice restaurants in the strip where you can see the show (very romantic)
5	This is one of my favorite Vegas attractions. I've been to the fountains 4 or 5 times now and it doesn't get old. The lights, the music the beautiful choreography - it's fabulous! It's perfect for out of towners, and children. If you're coming to the city and haven't seen the fountains, make it a stop - more than once!
5	Everyone should see this at least once in their life - pictures don't do it justice.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 75/100From afar, you hear the water roar to its great heights, majestic music in the background. You may remember seeing these fountains in just about every movie that was set in Vegas. So grandiose. So classic. Up close, it's another story. You start to notice the little details. Ballet-like water choreography, the little ducks floating, smokey mist, the look of admiration in people's faces. It's the perfect place to seek solitude when venturing the busy busy Strip and it has this special, magical air of romance that I couldn't quite find in other free shows. The fountains have captured my heart the moment I watched my first show and it's remained to be my favorite ever since. Musical numbers range from classical (Andrea Bocelli) to standards (Frank Sinatra) to pop (Elton John, Celine Dion - and not too long ago, Michael Jackson!) nightly, every 15 minutes starting at 7pm. I wasn't entirely sure about the afternoon schedule but Jade W.  hit the mark. Be sure to check her review!Also, I will admit coming here not only for the sake of showing friends around, but also to just enjoy myself. The fountains teach us that the luxury of enjoyment is not in the money you spend (this is FREE people) but in the time you spend it with. I always find it to be a refresher and a reminder that of how small we are in this great city & great world.
5	I really have not been to Vegas since traveling in Paris, and said "What the heck, let's go!" So my husband and I flew from our business meetings and met there! I LOVED the water shows and food, I will be going back at least twice a year now. I am hooked. What an amazing place. Five Stars!
4	I can see the fountains working out as more of a couple attraction. If you're in Vegas with a group and here more for the general debauchery, they are worth a look but you wont really be able to appreciate it. I'll let you guess which category I fell into on this trip.The playlist is available online from sources, most of the songs are older classical ballads with a few newer slow pop songs (think Celine Dions rockin Titanic anthem), and lets be honest after a long morning, evening, and night of drinking hearing "My Heart Will Go On" is probably going to be lights out.They truly are spectacular and are a great way to end an evening (they stop around midnight).
5	Fun, Free activity in Vegas.  We wondered around the Bellagio for a while afterward, it is our favorite hotel in Las Vegas.
5	Oh the Fountains of Bellagio! Amidst all the hustle on The Strip, I could actually watch this for hours. The magnitude and size of the show is complex, and so elegant. A very well synchronized show. The music that is paired with the water show is mostly classical. Imagine classic Vegas: Sinatra! A few modern pieces as well. Best of all the show is free and located center Strip along the boulevard under the tree lined Bellagio sidewalk. You can also visit the Strip facing restaurants for dinner and a show. Great view from Eiffel Tower Restaurant as well.Do yourself a favor and skip the Sirens show at TI. But do stop to watch the Volcano at the Mirage before watching this awesomeness!
5	- Current schedule   http://bit.ly/po70wo- I recommend my guests to see 3 free shows on the Strip: the Bellagio fountains, Mirage volcano and T.I. pirates.  - The fountains play the most frequently, every 15 minutes during certain hours of the day.
4	Quintessential Vegas. It's cheesy, but you'll be glad you saw it; everyone will ask you if you've seen it the whole time you're in Vegas so you might as well. I recommend seeing this and the Mirage Volcano in the same go, they're not TOO terribly far from each other.
4	Fountains of Bellagio is a great freebie!  You can't complain about free, but I owe it to the readers of Yelp to try!We try to see the show almost every time we're close by.  Since Bellagio is right in the middle of the strip, it's hard not to see it every time we're in vegas.  The first time we waited to watch it though, we waited nearly 40 minutes for the show to start, coming early to get good spots to watch from, but the show wouldn't start!  Later 20 minutes after it was scheduled to start there was an attendant who came down and told us there was no show.  C'mon Bellagio!  We only have limited time in Vegas!  Let us know early if there is not going to be a show.  Hang a sign or something!  That experience left a bad taste in our mouths...Anyways, it's what you'd expect.  A nice free water/fountain show.  The biggest you'll see if you've never seen World of Color from Disneyland.  Great but unfortunately not 5 stars worthy.
4	The water fountain show is really pretty and sort of mesmerizing and quite relaxing for some reason.  It gets really crowded with people standing around but you can watch from many different places.
5	Love the Bellagio fountains. I never get tired of seeming them. And hello, it's free which I hard to say when you live in a city where you are always getting nickel and dimed, ahem, resort fees. It is beautiful during the day, but stunning at night. 10 stars!
5	I had a view of this from my room over at the Cosmopolitan. Great free tourist attraction that I stop and watch every time I visit Vegas. They do change up the music. It is a beautiful sight, especially at night! Wait for the grand finale -- you can hear the water booming as it shoots up!
5	A Las Vegas staple that you've probably seen in countless movies. It is pretty cool to see in person, and nothing beats the price of free. I remember seeing it dance to Luck be a Lady by Frank Sinatra. That song and Sinatra perfectly encapsulate Vegas so it was real enjoyable.The most recent show I saw featured Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds by The Beatles. Of course, being a big Beatles fan, I loved it and thought it was magical. I think a lot of the performance depends on the music but their playlist is pretty bitchin. Check it out when you're in Vegas!
5	free. good show. fun music. fun people. huge crowds. all day long! go. its free and its pure entertainment!!!! and right in the middle of the strip so it is easily accessible! just go.
5	I only saw this at night, but it was so beautiful. Everyone should stop by and see the fountains, even if you've been to Vegas multiple times. Every time I end up in Vegas, I'm going to make it a point to see. At night, at least during a busy weekend, the fountains will go off every 5 or 10 minutes. So, if you don't get a good spot the first time, just hang around and when everyone is leaving, find a good spot to view the next show. The fountains paired with classical or operatic music is definitely much more beautiful than when it's paired with modern music. Singin' in the Rain or a Michael Jackson song just doesn't feel right with the elegance of the fountains. If there was a night where they just did classical songs to the fountains, I would stay for hours.
4	This is the best free attraction they have in Las Vegas!
5	Basically when you think Vegas you think Bellagio fountains. Amazing at night, not so much during the day. You can usually get an upgrade at any hotel that has a good view, this will make sure your room has a fountain view. It is a nice touch if you don't do Vegas often.
5	This place is a must see for the shows that are offered in Las Vegas.  I came here in the 2009 trip, then the 2011 trip I made sure I saw this show a few times, recently June 2013 was back in town and had to see it again. Love how the music is coordinated to the water blasts as well.  These fountains and this water show are the place to see. The Fountains look great in the day, but even greater at night.  I guess I have to gear up for my 2015 trip the way my Vegas patterns have been going.
5	Absolutely beautiful and completely free! :D
5	Its good alot of people asking for money especially the people in costumes and dont take free rides to stripclubs or pay for club passes all a scam
4	Great place to take your guest!
5	Always a pleasure walking by this place. Great place to just relax and enjoy the show!
5	Beautiful and free! If you're looking for something to do for a few minutes it's worth waiting for the show to go off. The fountains are in sync with the music and it's just beautiful. Even just walking or driving past and seeing it is amazing.
5	Awesome fountain show. Better at night.Always a different song.
5	With all the awesomely themed hotels located in LV it's great to think that someone can still come up with something (fairly recently) that stands out as a unique and entertaining icon...Watching this simple yet enjoyable fountain show while listening to "Time to Say Goodbye" played over the loud speakers really helps add to the Vegas experience and serves to help solidify that you've arrived!The Bellagio offers this great fountain show during the daylight, but also when it is dark at night time, but I find it more enjoyable at night when the lights of the fountains serve as a way to enhance the experience.Strategically placed fountains in a large man made lake shoot fountains of water high into the air and through the magic of computers and imagination the synched fountains seem to dance along with the music played. Sheer beauty ensues!Not a whole lot is free in Vegas (understandable,) but this one is totally free and so worth checking out!
5	The best attraction in Las Vegas, I have been living here for almost a year and I still get excited when I see it.
5	I was fortunate enough to catch a day show when they synchronized the fountain to Whitney Houston's rendition of the Star Spangled banner! Nearly brought tears to my eyes!!I also caught a night show to a Frank Sinatra song. A must-see on the strip
5	Amazing, both day and night!
5	The Bellagio fountains are an amazing FREE attraction in the center of the strip in Las Vegas.  The water and lights are beautifully choreographed to music and are a must see when visiting.  The show lasts 5-10 min and repeats every half hour to hour depending on the time of day.
5	After 7 PM they dance every 15 minutes to different songs. So cool!
5	Hands down the best free thing you can do on the strip.  There was a decent crowd, but it moved fluidly.  Parking at the Bellagio was fairly painless and easily accessed.
5	If I could,  I would give this wonder 10 stars. The show is at the fountains in front of the hotel. The water literally dances to the music that is played, anything from the Beatles to Andrea Bochelli. The lighting, and the water cannons that shoot the water into the air are spectacular. At night, the show is every 15 minutes and each time the music and the show changes. You have never seen anything like this. Do not miss this when you go and enjoy!!
5	Needless to say, this is Best water show in the world.  And the best part is, its FREE!!! I had a Great View from my room in Bellagio.  According to the Discover channel, this is the most expensive hydraulic system out there and I am not surprise at all.
4	Spectacular both day and night. The Bellagio fountains go off every 30 minutes so you are bound to see them if you want to or not. It's really beautiful at night with the lights and the music in the background. It's also super romantic to go at night and watch it with your boyfriend or girlfriend =D
4	Thumbs up to the fountains at the Bellagio! Standing there and looking at the show; I couldn't help but be reminded of the ending scene from Ocean's Thirteen - really cool! I didn't get to see it during the day. I only went at night and I was not disappointed at all. The show kicks off every half hour so stick around if you miss the last one and make sure you secure your spot as it gets crowded. The fountains are beautiful and provide a nice spot for couples or if you're out on a date to just find a nice spot, snuggle up to each other and indulge in a romantic moment.
4	Who hasn't seen the fountains of Bellagio? Everybody has of course, it's beautiful, it's intriguing and it's free! My way of seeing this amazing fountain views is to have dinner at Circo restaurant in Bellagio, it's located right next to the fountains, the window table gives us prefect views of the show throughout our dinner, private, relaxing and comfy! Or get table service at Hyde lounge next door, or dinner at Jasmine. These three places have perfect views of the fountains, just reserve the tables next to the windows, you are all set! You can relax, have a few cocktails, and enjoy the beautiful fountains of Bellagio! Ps. I can't stand outside to watch this show, either too hot or too cold, plus my feet hurt from my sky high heels standing there. ;p
5	Its a free show.  It shows all the time.  Theres plenty of viewing room.  Its world famous...Theres no reason NOT to see the fountains!  :)
5	best free show on the strip can't beat that and it changes all the time.
5	I love the fountains!  They are mesmerizing and just a sight to be seen!  If you get the opportunity to dine outdoors at Olives in the Bellagio you will have affront row seat!
5	Dare I say that the Fountains at Bellagio is the single best attraction in Vegas? (The show featuring an excerpt from Rachmaninov's Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini (aka Love Theme from the soundtrack to Somehwere in Time) was really cool.
5	Few things make me as happy as the Fountains of Bellagio. There's a magical quality to this show that makes you feel, if just for a few minutes, that the world is good and everything will be ok. It is an absolute MUST see for everyone!One of the best parts is that the show is FREE, yes free. All you have to do is show up and elbow a few people to get a good spot. But, the show expands for almost an entire block so there is plenty of room.More times than none there will be folks performing on the street. Some in costume some playing instruments some might just be drunkards. There's entertainment all around this event so keep your eyes and ears open.I really like the wide variety of music. Songs from Elvis Presley to Celine Dion (ha) to Frank Sinatra to Michael Bolton (ha ha) and everything in between. It's a very American, patriotic show to say the least. Quintessential Las Vegas. It really doesn't matter where you stand, sit or slump to watch the show. All vantage points are great because, well, you're in Las Vegas!
5	I absolutely LOVE the fountain shows and stop to watch whenever I'm walking by and there's a show going on. It's free. It's beautiful. It's breath-taking! Definitely a MUST SEE!Some of the songs I've heard:Ecstasy of Gold (my current favorite)Luck Be a LadyGod Bless the USAFly Me to the MoonMy Heart Will Go OnMonday - Friday:3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. (show every 1/2 hour)7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. (show every 15 minutes)Saturdays, Sundays* and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. (show every 1/2 hour)7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m. (show every 15 minutes)*On Sundays, fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine
5	This is probably the best free attractions in Vegas, it does not matter which seasons you are in, there will always be people crowding around the premise.  Every time the water choreographed feature always feels mindboggling and the songs were always nice.  It was amazing to see how much they could do with just four types of nozzles.For a nicer view, one could always dine at that one restaurant with fountain view in Bellagio.  For hotel view, unless you want to spend a fortune for a Bellagio room with Strip view, you could always get a Strip view room across the street at Paris.
5	No matter how many times I see these fountains go off it never gets old.  If you are near the Bellagio just be ready to stop and look or be stopped by somebody in front of you looking at these gorgeous fountains.  I am just amazed as to as how high the water shoots in the air.
5	Really cool nighttime show. It's not to long and it's free! Nice little change of pace from the casinos to come out and watch this water show. It goes every 30 mins til 11pm I think. Great for photo opportunities.
4	I have been to Las Vegas on numerous occasions and the Fountains of Bellagio are always a must see. The change it up with different music and water choreography. Great show I highly recommend seeing it especially at night.
5	One of the most iconic and beautiful attractions in Vegas, and it's free! It plays regularly 2-4 times per hour. The fountains are choreographed to music, and the show changes periodically. It's great for kids and adults alike. It's right on the street, so if you're passing by, you can catch a showing.Monday - Friday3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutesLike other reviewers have said, it's great at night with the lights...but on this occasion, I just loved it in the afternoon. It was a beautiful spring/summer afternoon with the sun shining, the lake sparkling like diamonds, and Andrea Bocelli singing "Time To Say Goodbye". With the gorgeous lake, the Mediterranean architecture and the cypress trees, it felt like hanging out in Italy on a warm afternoon.This is a must see in Las Vegas, don't miss it!
5	The single best attraction in Lost Wages -- and you don't have to spend a cent to watch it.The Bellagio has an 8 acre lake just for the fountain show, and it is breathtaking (like the whole Bellagio property, really). Every 15-30 minutes (depending on the time) the fountains will erupt into a spectacle that is both breathtaking and creative. And, believe it or not, it is eco-friendly: they use recycled water for their fountain show.Thanks to Amit P., here is the schedule for the fountain show:Monday - Friday3:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutesIf you don't stop by here for a fountain show, you're missing out.
5	Whether it's day or night these the fountain presentation is always worth watching.  I prefer night as the lights that accompany the show add some additional glow to the presentation.  Highly recommend everyone make the effort to see this at least once.
3	I guess if you never seen water shooting in the air it is mildly entertaining.  It is also in sync with music playing but overall is boring and not worth getting in the middle of the huge crowd that gathers and heards away at once.  I would watch it from across the street for a minute and carry on with your trip.  Great for the first 30 seconds though.
5	Umm...I got front and center for the fountains that danced to Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On" and I might've squealed like I was 13 again.  Sam epically rolled his eyes but MY HEART WILL GO OOOOOON AND OOOOOOOOOOOON.So cool, and definitely worth staking out a spot.
5	No matter how many times you have seen the show on other trips, the Fountains of Bellagio are always something you should take time to see. The show and music does seem to change so even if you've seen it in the past, it's likely that the current show is different.The shows occurs more often at night than in the day. I believe it's every 15 minutes and every hour respectively. We were lucky enough to be at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant for one of the shows at lunch time!!
5	This a lovely, free entertainment! A must see!
4	First time in Vegas and I did catch the found show first as a part of my dinner and also on another night before we went out to the club.  I thought it was kind of cool and something I definitely don't get in DC but it was a welcome change.  Lasted about 15 minutes and I caught it on camera and I wouldn't mind seeing it again.  It was fun!
5	An awesome show when my wife and I stopped by while on our vacation in Vegas. That night they had the fountains dance to patriotic music which was great.
5	If you have never been to Vegas this is one of the things you must see on your visit. I have been several times, and it is still awe inspiring watching the blasts of water and streams dance along to the music. The shows are well choreographed and the music choices vary. The show is completely free and the show happens every 30 minutes M-F from 3:00pm to 7:00pm and every 15 minutes from 7:00pm to 12:00am.Saturday and Sunday is every 30 minutes from 12:00pm to 7:00pm and every 15 minutes from 7:00pm to 12:00am. This is one of the best free shows you will ever see in your life and is not to be missed. Make sure you make time to be there when the fountains start and you will be in for a treat.
5	Breathtakingly beautiful. My favorite time to watch the fountains is at night because it just creates this amazing ambiance that can't be replicated at any other show on the strip. Every single time I see the fountains at Bellagio, I get transcended to another place and I forget I'm even at vegas. Love.
5	The fountains during Chirstmas time at night is the best!! Hands down!
5	Well worth wading through the crowds to see this...and it's free too!
5	Just magical! Went three times in two days!
4	This is a MUST stop for when you are in Vegas and walking the strip! They have various shows throughout the day. It's free so there really is no reason not to stop and take it all in. Yes, it is featured in various movies and yes, it's as cool as you see on the screen. A true water show paired with a great soundtrack, you are bound to smile and "oooo" and "ahhhh" a few times throughout. It's really grand while you are taking it all in.Do yourself a favor and def see it at night at least once when it's all lit up, it's a completely different experience than it is in the daytime. ENJOY!
4	Watching this show never gets old. Being a local I don't go the Strip unless I have company in town or are going to a nice dinner or show but when I do get down there the fountains always amaze me. There is just something magical and elegant about this display that really transports you to another place. The only reason I give it 4 stars though is because I wish the city could do something about the street performers that congregate in front of the Bellagio and really cheapen up this beautiful area.
5	The fountains at the Bellagio are so famous & rightly so. They were everything I hoped they would be & more. They are definitely an awesome free attraction & worth watching, and the fountain show takes place several times an hour in the evening. We watched it once on of our first evenings in Las Vegas, but then on another night, we just hung out, watched them with our drinks in hand. They were incredible.
5	If you're on the strip you have to watch the fountains at Bellagio, they are simply amazing! And they change their music / choreography, so even if you have been there before it still might be new! They currently have Elton John's "Your song" playing, which was really beautiful. And while it is awesome watching them outside,  rumor has it you can also watch from Bellagio's lounge "Hyde" and see an up-close view. We didn't make it this time, but that is definitely on the to-do list for next time!
5	Such a beautiful show, and even better...it's free!!!There are many expensive parts of Las Vegas but there are also free shows and this is one of the best.  Something everyone should see at least once. It you plan on going to the Eiffel Tower, I suggest waiting until the evening, it makes it even more beautiful and you can stay up there and watch the Bellagio Water show from that view, amazing! You can even heard the music better from that view.We watched from the Eiffel Tower at night and from the ground during the day and it was so much fun. Walk by and wait a while for one of the shows!
5	Good free water show. My kids love it. Good place to take the kids for free to kill some time. Good area to take some pictures too.
5	Stunning! We ate at Prime and had an incredible view of a few daytime and nighttime shows. The music was diverse and every show was a different experience. It is one of my favorite Vegas moments. It made me want to stay at the Bellajio next time just to be closer to the action!
5	Always a great show with New Music all the time! I like to meave work and catch a show during my breaks sometimes!
5	If you go to the Strip, this is a must see, -several times-.We caught the 3:30 pm show on a cold, rainy afternoon at the end of November. I can remember the song, and still see the choreography in my head. The water danced as if it were waves from one end of the pool to the next. It changes through the day, so you want to make sure that you catch it a few times. Each one lasts the duration of a long song, so you never know just which one you're going to get.  And when the city grows dark, the water is lit and it becomes -that much- better!
5	This is one of the reasons that Las Vegas is truly an Oasis in the desert.  This is one of the best known tourist attractions in the world and there and many good reasons for it.  The beauty is that you can see it from so many places.  The music is chosen with all tastes in mind, in fact for a certain amount you can even pay to choose the song the fountains go along with!  Make sure if you are at the Bellagio, or really anywhere in Vegas you check out the fountains.  It is one of the most amazing sites you can see and unlike most things in Vegas, it's free!  Perfect on a hot Summer night or perfect to bundle up with a cocoa and hear your favorite songs done to a water show unlike any other!
5	Best free thing to do in Las Vegas.  Go at dusk.
5	A Las Vegas Classic! Some you should definitely go see when you're in Vegas. They have day and night shows. You can even pay to request a song. Just beautiful!! Every 30 minutes during the day.Every 15 minutes during the night.I prefer the night shows because it looks a lot prettier. Plus this is free! It's also funny that they're known for this giant water show that's in the middle of a dessert. Hah, just shows what money can buy. Remember to go into Bellagio while you're here. They have stuff to see in the hotel too.
5	Always a beautiful experience.  It's a pleasure watching it from different angles.  Brings up so many memories of Vegas visits.
5	After long walks on the strip at night, it's always great to stop by and catch a show!While not as advanced as Disney's California Adventure's World of Color show, the overall summer/night-time atmosphere at the Fountains of Bellagio is pretty amazing. Like Justin N. mentioned, I'm sure a fountain view room would be a great place to watch the show as well. Definitely recommend to watch a few times if you're in Vegas :)
5	Nothing says Oceans 12, we've finally made it, like watching the Bellagio fountains!PRO TIP OF THE DAY: Pay the fare to go to the top of the Paris tower to watch the show! Worth it.
4	Very cool show, not particularly long, but entertaining.  A song is played, the fountains seem to dance to the music.  Worth stopping to see, worth watching from the Eiffel Tower, and worth watching also from one's hotel room (if they have a fountain view).
5	Bellagio does list the songs on their website, but I do wish they could post what time each song is playing at. My fav is "All that Jazz" from the Chicago soundtrack, and I haven't been able to catch it again. :/
5	Always a lovely sight to see when on the strip.  Definitely a must see any time you are visiting. It's a quick, free show not to be missed.   Also very nice to look at when stuck in LV Blvd traffic! Lol
5	How does the Fountains of Bellagio not have a 5 star review?  Water Phobia? Light show too bright and while drinking you do not like bright lighting? Poor access to slot machines?  Your guess is as good as mine but I know it always makes me happy watching the Fountains of Bellagio.
5	What can I say about the Bellagio Fountains that has not already been said?  What a fantastic idea and a lovely execution.  The music and the fountains and the lights come together to make quite a spectacle, day or night.  I've seen the fountains dance to many songs over the years and recently had the luxury of watching from the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  It's always awesome and fun and on this visit I had a new experience once again... i watched the fountains from the backside after exiting the main entrance of the Bellagio.  I loved getting a "new view" and reminds me that there is always something different to see when you're in Vegas, even when it's just a new view of an old favorite.If there is anyone out there who hasn't oooh'd and aaaah'd over the Bellagion Fountains, I hope you get the opportunity soon!
5	It's a free show with water art. It is accompanied by classical music and is one of Las Vegas' signature landmarks. Pretty cool thing to see and it's cool what technology can do. If you've never seen it, go at least once then you can go back to losing all your money at the casinos.
5	Water fireworks!! Was in Vegas on Christmas Day and saw the show to the song Sleigh Ride and it was fantastically charming :-D
5	I love the Fountains.  Even as a local the Fountains Never Get Old.
5	Absolutely the most incredible thing I have ever seen! I'm glad that I made it a point to come see the fountains in person because seeing them on tv just doesn't compare. It was so beautiful and I couldn't look away the entire time! I saw them at night so I'm not sure what it's like during the day, but I was blown away. If you are in Vegas I would absolutely recommend going to see the fountains! You will be amazed!
5	Free and amazing to watch.  Show is different every time, and worth catching a few times. If you can go to the Top of the Eiffel Tower across the street and watch it as well.
5	Outstanding, I really I enjoyed it!  It was totally amazing how they use the water cannons and dancing waters!
5	Best view: Patio of Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris Hotel in the evening.  Enjoy a Steak Frites while you're there!
5	I always LOVE watching the fountains at Bellagio. it's an iconic sight and no trip to Vegas is complete without watching this show! The best thing is that it is FREE!!! But seriously, the show always amazes me no matter how many times I watch it! I love the music they play and how the water dances to it. You can see if from across the street, but I think it's best to stand on the same side of the street as the fountains to be able to fully hear the music. My favorite song to listen to for the water dance is "Time to Say Goodbye". I believe the show is every 15 minutes starting at like 4 or 5 pm. It's for sure a MUST-SEE!! How can anyone give this less than 5 stars!You can also view the show from behind at the lounge/club Hyde inside Bellagio. I've seen it from in there too... and although you'll be bumping to club music inside of thee actual music that the fountains are dancing to, it is still quite a sight because from this side of the water dance, you can see Paris in the back and it looks pretty cool. Also, watching water dance and having some drinks is never a bad thing! LOL
4	This is one of my favorite "shows" on the Strip.  During the day it's boring.  But at night when they light it up it's really beautiful.  No naked girls or anything like that.  Just "dancing" waters moving with the music.  And it's free to anyone who just walks by.
5	Always have to watch the fountains at least once while you are in Vegas.
5	I only knew of these fountains really because of Ocean's 11. I'm so glad that I came out to see these fountains because the show is beautiful! I actually got goose bumps watching it - it's just amazing. I highly recommend that you come here at least once - it's free, it's beautiful, and it won't take up much of your day.
5	You can't say you've been to Vegas until you spend time watching the Fountains of Ballagio.In the sea of humanity, it is easy to get lost in the music and the soothing nature of water.  Treat yourself to a good vantage point to take it all in, several times during your visit.Who would have thought that one of the best shows in Vegas would be fee???
4	2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 40/100Quite a pleasure to see while visiting Vegas! There is a huge lake in front of the Bellagio hotel, which is where the water fountain show takes place every 15-30 minutes. My boyfriend and I recently watched it this past weekend and it was wonderful! The particular show we watched was played along to the song, "All That Jazz." As much as I loved watching these fountains, I still think that I wasn't as impressed as I could have been. I've watched World Of Color at California Adventure in Anaheim, CA, and I think that World Of Color is MUCH more impressive than the Fountains of Bellagio. Don't get me wrong, the Bellagio fountains are great and definitely the landmark on the strip, BUT they aren't the best I've ever seen.
5	Yes I was here, the fountains are very pretty from the street (they are better from the Eiffel tower Paris across the street) I do love the fountains a must see when in Vegas..
5	The water show, especially at night, is absolutely beautiful.  the way the water moves with the music and light is magical. love it!  i've seen the fountain from the strip and up high (from the view of my hotel room). nothing beats standing on the strip taking in the sights and sounds of vegas and the fountains.
5	I think my favorite part about Bellagio are the Fountains. Sure the flower encrusted ceiling is fascinating but the feng shui is horrid. The fountains, however, are perfectly placed. See them while brunching at restaurants like Mon Ami Gabi or Sugar Factory or even better, stop by for the evening show where an anonymously beautiful italian voice sings harmoniously with the movement. Imagine standing hand in hand with your significant other and gazing at the fluidity. Its quite romantic and makes for such a pretty sight.
4	There's not much free in Vegas - this one is and well worth your time.  See the day and evening shows.
5	You can't come to Vegas and not see the dancing water, common! The fountains are lovely. It's a spectacle. It's awe-inspiring, it's marvellous, wonderful, stunning! Is that enough adjectives now? Seriously, I'm being legit - it's the absolute dog's bollocks as Londoners say. The water shoots up to insane lengths, the fountain dances to well known tunes, there's such a long pavement in front of the fountains that you're bound to get a place to stand and enjoy. Don't leave Vegas without going here and Volcano, capisce?!
5	Amazing!
5	Oceans 11.  Always reminds me of the closing scene.A Classic remembrance of today's Vegas.
5	We were in Vegas during the christmas weekend. The fountain shows were awesome! They had two different type of music for which the fountain dance was done. One was classical and the other was hip hop. It was nice to watch the show for  even 2 or 3 times. Its just magnificent!
5	The fountains at Bellagio are beautiful from any angle!  We have seen them from the bridge and from the inside of both Prime Steakhouse and Yellowtail, and the best place to see them from was definitely Yellowtail.  Ask to be seated outside if you can stand a little shower during your dinner.  :)  Cheers!
5	Totally worth the price of admission.
5	A highlight of the Las Vegas Blvd strip and a wonderful sight to see at any time of day.Stop here for a few minutes, relax, enjoy the water show.. its among the best in the world.
5	We visit Las Vegas at least once yearly, and each trip always includes multiple viewings of the fountains at Bellagio. The first time I saw them, I was so impressed! The next trip, my husband proposed to me here while they played "Your Song" by Elton John. Thank you Bellagio for the wonderful memories. See you soon!
5	I could watch the fountains of Bellagio for hours. This is the most amazing thing in Las Vegas. Make sure you come by at night and remember that the songs are not always the same so it's o.k. to come back and enjoy it more than one time during your trip.
5	Perfect experience with the love of your life! Take a moment, gaze, embrace, enjoy the view! Perfect on a night like tonight.... Happy Valentine's Day!
5	Best show in Vegas. No matter how many timesStart at 11amEvery 30 minDifferent compositionGet a seat at Patio Mon Ami Gabi for a great viewDinner at Paris Eiffel Tower for a better viewYou are always amazed
5	Loved it!!! This is a must when you come to Vegas. Each show was great and you're amazed every time. One of my favorites!
5	always great never disappointed me. Day show and night show are totally different because of the lighting and everything. You don't even have to wait for the perfect show time. If you walk around this trip, you will see the show at least one time. Or you can check online to see the show time so you can enjoy the entire piece of music and this masterpiece!
5	Great fun for the kids.  I always stop here to watch the fountain show!  Vegas isn't all partying and drinking.  There's some wholesome fun too.
5	Watch it at night while you are strolling around the strip, the light makes it even more amazing. Free show but it so much more. It is like a ten minute water show choreographed with music. A must see when you are in vegas. Day or night!
5	Living in Las Vegas, I don't go to the Strip often. But every time I do, I try not to miss the fountain show. Usually hang around for an hour or so to watch 3-4 different compositions. Always a delightful experience!
5	This should be on everyone's mandatory to-do list! I went when I was much younger but it's even more amazing than I remember. I would describe it to a stranger as "water fireworks," especially if you see them at night. Lots of music, lights, loud thumping. We first saw them really late one night and the show was brief and not so good. Go during really busy hours because that's when they really put on a show that's worth it. I'd say right after sunset would be a great time. There aren't any benches, so try to go when you're not exhausted! Lots of great places for drinks across the street though.
5	This is something that you have to see at night, and frankly, it doesn't hurt to have a couple of drinks in you to really be swept away by the music and the show. These fountains are quite spectacular, and very interesting.The music is one of the best parts and dances along with the fountains. The lights, the color, the music, and the people all add to the experience, and this is yet another Las Vegas 'Don't Miss.'
5	We've been going to Vegas for years.  The Fountains of Bellagio never get old.You just cannot walk past without watching the water and wondering at the engineering that can time the water dance so precisely. Nothing more to add.
3	"What is the ritual again? Water from the fountain and a mermaid's tear?" -- Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides (2011)Having made a few trips to Las Vegas over the years, the fountains are always a fun and touristy thing to do.  This time out I would have been fine skipping this particular event, but a couple of gals in my group had never seen it in person, so off we went.Having walked the entire strip a few times already during our trip, the decision was made to cab it there - only $15 with tip from our hotel (Mandalay Bay).  Not too bad for a Sunday night.  When we got there, the bellman told us 3 minutes til showtime.  Off we went and it was already crowded - so we were stuck towards the back side towards the front of the hotel - but we still had a good view.This is where disappointment sets in - the show seems so much shorter than it has been in years past.  Maybe 2 minutes long?  And the song was nothing I had ever heard before - something classical and not recognizable.  My past trips have been Frank Sinatra (very Vegas) and Tony Bennett (also very Vegas).  While the waterworks are impressive, it is time to update it and make sure even the music is WOW.  And believe me, I love classical music too.Overall, I think it was lackluster.  Time to upgrade, Bellagio.  Or at least make sure the music is snazzier to go with the Vegas atmosphere.  Otherwise it was just OK...unless you were 80 (which the crowd coming in after us was).
5	how can anyone hate on this?they play every 15 or 30 minutesits very pretty and free to watch. it does get crowded sometimes at night but its still worth it, see it at least once.watch out for the people asking more money on the sidewalks though
4	It was my first trip to Las Vegas, and I was definitely down to see these fountains. All I could think of was Oceans Eleven.We rode over to catch the 9 or 915ish "showing" on a Sunday night. Christ, there were a sh!t ton of people there. We got a decent view closer to the hotel side rather than the street view. I don't know how long it went on, but I think I was pretty impressed... after all the drinks I had drank that day. And evening. Maybe my memory is skewed, but the majority of people seeing this thing are drunk, right?  So, it's probably not a big deal what it looks like.  Anyway, I'm giving it 4 stars, but I'd probably go for 3.5 if I could. I was really excited about it, but it was probably not as magical as I had thought.STILL I think it's worth seeing if you're there. :)  It's definitely one of the prettier, less smelly parts of Vegas.
5	Best outdoor fountains in Vegas by far! The only ones too, at least as far as I know.
4	It's a must if you've never seen it before.  I think the show is every 30 or 15 mins depending on the time of day and the music usually different.  They did a spectacular job in designing and developing it and in maintaining.  Its a wonderful attraction that is FREE!However, there are several special spots to see it... making it no longer free, but some are well worth it.  Several of the restaurants have some great views.  You can sit on the patio at Yellowtail (hard to get a reservation, but awesome if you have a large party.. or try to request the table next to the window) or see it at several restaurant like Scarpetta and Paris.  However, you won't hear the music but you also don't have to stand outside with everyone else.
4	I could watch this run all day.Each show is different, as is each song. The night shows are spectacular. I only wish that the speakers pumped out more volume. It's a little difficult to hear them when 10 people are standing in front of each one, acting as a sound buffer.They should also post signs about personal etiquette. Some douchnoggle behind me kept bumping the back of my head with his tablet as he reached above me to take video of the show. Others just push their way in. It's a good thing I have elbows and aren't afraid to use them.
5	love watching the fountain shows! so much work goes into it, and it's always amazing! seen it a few times now, and will definitely be back. A must see when you come to Vegas!
5	A free show in Vegas. Gets no better than that. I had to look up the times the fountain show was suppose to start but once we got that down, my goodness. During the slow season the shows are every 30 minutes from 3 to 7 pm and then every 15 minutes after that. To know that every show is different is spectacular. People crowd in the best locations to get great pictures so get there right after a show ends to get a great spot. I enjoyed this.
3	Water shows are like every 30 minutes the only thing that you may not like is that there are a lot of people "performing" on the strip here and there's a lot of walking traffic here.
5	I make a point to visit this 1-2 times every time I'm in Vegas. It is fun, and honestly a lot cooler in person than on video or TV.Highly recommend going and maybe staying for a couple songs. And best of all, it is free!
5	This is the best free attraction I have seen anywhere. I think I have seen them 4 times so far during my stay, and plan on watching a few more night time shows. All shows are different. I did see one afternoon show that was not as impressive as others, but on the whole...these are phenomenal! They go at the top of the hour and sometimes on the half. Definitely stop and watch!
4	When people say not to miss this you should listen to them! This is easily the best free show in Vegas (just a little better than the child street performers in old Vegas!). It became the running joke because the first time we came to see the fountain show it was cancelled because of high winds. The second time we went it was 1pm and a voice came on and said "The first show will start at 3pm". Come on!Third time was the charm, we'll kinda. We got there 10 minutes until 11 pm and he show had already started so we saw the last two minutes and let me tell you the show as beautiful!Minus two starts for the inconsistency and plus one for the actual show being great!
5	"Everyone loves the Bellagio Fountains," my friend said.  "Pshhhh," I thought, "What could be so great about stupid fountains?"They are a modern marvel.  I was hypnotized.  I couldn't walk by them without stopping. The fountains danced to Celine, to Simple Gifts (the Shakers would approve, I'm sure), and to I'm Proud to Be an American.  I used to hate the latter song, but now I love it.  Because of the fountains.  Those fountains are great.
5	Definitely do not miss this on a trip to Vegas!! This is one of the most amazing things we were lucky enough to get to see on our short trip! And its free!!
5	I've been to Vegas 1000 tines and never watched the fountains. Wow!! So nice and great fir the whole family!!
5	Absolutely stunning! If you're in the area of the Bellshill definitely check out the show. It runs every 30 minutes but after 8pm every 15 minutes. The show is about 10 or so minutes but at the same time there's a very romantic song playing in the backgroun. Make sure you stay til the end for the big finish. Take pictures or record it. It's worth itSunny
5	A must-see.  One thing to know is that the fountains operate on a schedule, so if they're not going when you happen to pass by, stick around or check back.    The technology behind the fountain show is impressive, even if the fountains themselves don't wow you.It's beautiful at night especially, with the fountains lit from below.  Everyone can enjoy this and it's so frequent that while it always draws a crowd, you're still sure to get a good view without too much hassle.
5	Nothing really drives home that modern Vegas feeling like these fountains. It's not just Vegas, but worldwide you simply won't find many fountains like these. And there's really no point in reviewing them because it's not like you can go anywhere on the Strip and not see or hear them. It's a free, 5-star show and if you rated it anything below 5 stars you are a sad sack and that is final.It's gotten to the point now where we stop here to see the fountain, but more so to enjoy watching people take awful, crappy photos. It is astonishing how many people will not take the time to properly set a camera to where you don't have the flash come on and ruin everything in the shot. People, you're in Vegas. Take the TIME. No one is kicking you out of your precious spot at the railing. Set up, tweak your settings, and get that photo done right. And take the time to actually enjoy a show after you post it to your FB or Twitter or whatever so all your friends can look at it and go, "Yeah, been there, done that."Remember, you're in Vegas. You aren't planting a flag. You aren't blazing a trail. No one cares. Get off your social accounts and LIVE.
5	I can watch it all day. "Time to say goodbye" By Andrea Boccelli and Sarah Brightman is the best.
5	These fountains are just pretty and breathtaking at night! This is a definitely a MUST SEE attraction when coming to Las Vegas! :) But if you are planning to see the Bellagio Fountains at night be sure to grab a good spot because between shows people stop and watch when the show starts and then they leave and some people want to be right in front so be sure to grab a good spot ahead of time and some times it can just be frustrating...
5	Free? Yes. And actually very cool. You saw them in Ocean's 11. See them after dinner in the cool of the evening. Too hot during the day. Take a stroll down The Strip and wait till they erupt.
5	It's funny as to how things work growing up in Springfield Ma, home of the Basketball Hall of Fame I can honestly say that I've never been. Now a Las Vegas resident for over 3 years I've taken the city for granted. The focus has always been for many... Gambling, nightclubs, restaurants, shows, pool parties etc. all that is great but this is just an example of 1 of many other things Vegas has to offer that will satisfy anyone's taste buds. The Bellagio fountains are a world known staple and a must see for anyone who happens to be indulging in Las Vegas festivities.
5	The fountains of Bellagio literally brought me to tears it was so beautiful and my favorite thing I did in Vegas, and it is free. What more could you want? Shows air every 15 minutes and they switch it up between a few songs. I could stay here all day and just watch. Getting a good spot up front can be difficult so I recommend getting there a full 15 minutes before the show starts. I can't wait to go back to Vegas and watch again! A must see! Check out my blog for a flu review and more photos at http://msvaleriesmith.blogspot.com/2013/07/viva-las-vegas.html
4	Prepare for a show every 15 minutes.
5	For as many times that I've been by the fountains, it's still a sight to see! It's one of the free things left in Vegas to do.  Directly in front of the Bellagio hotel and casino, it's really hard to miss.  You can even dine across the street at Mon Ami Gabi  and enjoy the show.  It amazes me how well the fountains are coordinated with many different songs.  They also switch up and go from Michael Jackson to opera to a broadway show song.  You'll be amazed by how high they shoot up! If it's really windy, they will cancel it but it does run every half hour during the day.  So if you're visiting this entertaining city, it's definitely worth seeing! For people visiting me, it's always on our list!
5	Really cool. Great place to take the family to when walking on the strip!
5	This is impressive.  Nicely choreographed dancing water.  Show every 45 minutes or so, please check before you come to see.  It gets crowded but you want a spot directly in front of the Bellagio or from the opposite side as you get a better view of the whole length of the water show.  Side spots will diminish your field of vision.  Great value, you can't beat free.  Kids of all ages would enjoy this.
5	No matter how many times I come to Vegas I still want to see the Fountains. For about 10ish minutes you are in a trance over the dancing beautiful waters of BELLLLAGGGGGIOOO. I like to say it all in my fancy voice. I am always in awe and if you aren't you must be dead inside. This is one of the great free shows of Vegas. So grab some gelato from inside the hotel and head on out for a front row seat to one of the best fountains in the world.
3	Its free, its pretty, its something different on the strip. Kids will probably like it. It didnt wow me as much as I expected.
5	One of the few things in Vegas that is not tacky or garish, over the top or underwhelming. An Unhidden gem, and, amid a lot of fake glitter, real gold.
5	Vegas, you and all of your free entertainment and sights! There are so many shows in Vegas that are WORTH paying for, but I think the nicest part about Vegas is going from hotel to hotel and just browsing around. The architecture, the designs, the paintings. the chocolate "waterfall" that made me want to have my open mouth at the end of the cascading chocolate dripping from the roof (this is also inside the Bellagio!) they are all free to see. In the realm of free vegas entertainment I can safely say the fountains are at the top of the list. This is a must do when in Vegas. On a romantic trip? Do IT! With kids? Do IT! Alone? Do it...then cry because you are watching this alone!These fountains are mindblowing! It's a choreographed show with massive streams of water shooting up and down - dancing to the music. Set up inside an 8-acre, manmade lake with over 1,200 nozzles shooting water out as tall as 460 feet, the water almost dances to the music. It does get super crowded, so get their early and plot out your spot. Almost every spot around the railing is a good view. The show times vary from weekdays to weekends but the shows start every 30 minutes (in the afternoons) and every 15 minutes (in the evenings when it's more packed.) Your best bet is to get it done in the early evening - you want to see it with the lights lit up.From their website:*On Sundays Fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine.MAN I wish I had known that...that might be one of the nicest brunch experiences ever. And if you know me, I love me some brunch.
5	This would be my favorite Las Vegas attraction.I could stand and watch the fountains for an hour plus sometimes... The Bellagio website lists times and songs, they are played randomly but the night shows are every 15 minutes apart so there is time to catch a few in a row.  The day time shows are great too, especially when the sun is out and a rainbow can be seen while they're going.My two favorites are "Time to say goodbye" and "Viva Las Vegas"Other places to catch this attraction with different views are from the Eiffel tower across the street...you can hear and see the show from up there, as well as outside at Paris' Mon Abi Gabi restaurant.  I was able to catch the fountains while on the High Roller this past week and that was super cool as well.  Do NOT miss out on this while in Vegas!
4	It's hard to pass by the bellagio and not stop for the free show. Each one is unique and well done.
5	This is a show that basically put an end to the war between hotels to try and get you out front of them to see a free show...Why?Because it's just beyond anything any other hotel could ever muster up, unless they rebuilt themselves. Treasure Island and Excalibur folded up their free show shop completely. Mirage is basically the only competition left, and it's fire can't match up to the Bellagio's water.The shows are every 15 minutes.. which is just unreal when you think about the amount of energy used.But I dare you.. DARE YOU to try and walk by and not stop to take it in. It's such a beautiful entrancing spectacle.Go in the day, come back for the night show.
5	Hands down best thing to see in Vegas.
4	The world is a carousel of -- wait.. this isn't World of Color. I love that they added new music soundtracks to sync to the fountains (or vice versa) and that it's a free show every half hour (or 15 min on weekend nights), but the fountains and their layout make for predictable sequences. still a technological modern marvel though, with it being in the middle of the desert and have that much water flying about. :)
5	Aim to get a spot in the middle. At night, the show goes on every 15mins. Every shows different because they play different songs & the water goes to the beat. It's a very fun experience. Every person visiting Vegas has to check it out once!
5	This is a free and beautiful sight to see during the day, but an amazing place to stop by at night.  I can imagine many night time proposals in front of this fountain.  This is a do-not-miss -in-Vegas.
5	This is easily the best free show anywhere.  You don't get much for free in Vegas these days, so it is worth the effort.  Thank you Steve Wynn for your vision and for sharing this with us poor folks.
3	It's a bit difficult to review this Las Vegas icon because it not only defines the Bellagio Hotel but also The Strip itself, and in a way, the entire city of Las Vegas as the world knows it.  So this review can really only make sense when compared with other cool things to see and watch in Vegas, and their relative "wow factor".Watching the Fountains used to be quite a cool spectacle, no matter how many times I've seen them dance. However, on my most recent trip this past week, I noticed that they have turned the volume of the music down significantly, so much so that you can only really hear it very faintly when you are standing right next to the fountain.  Before, the effect of the Fountains used to be really cool because of how loud and deliberately synchronized the music was to the lights and the water jets... But now, it really looks more like a light and water show with music as an afterthought. Maybe the neighboring hotels complained about the noise? Not sure, but I sure do miss how loud the music before.
5	The fountains at the Bellagio are remarkable. They are a must see for anyone who is visiting Las Vegas. The water to the music to the colors are amazing! Anywhere you stand you have a great view and the kids love it.
5	One of the shining stars in Vegas. To me, these fountains mark the very center of downtown Vegas. They're the 'Central Park' of Vegas.
5	My favorite free attraction in Vegas.  Yes, even beating the street people giving out cards with naked women on them J/K ;pThe Fountains of Bellagio are located in the heart of the Strip, where visitors can enjoy a beautiful display of water being shot high into the sky, in tune with music.  http://www.vegas.com/attractions/on-the-strip/bellagio-fountains/Strolling along the Strip, especially at night, it's a great sight to behold, whether with friends or your significant other.  Last time I was there, we saw the Fountains with Michael Jackson's "Billie Jean" playing.  Later on, on the way back to our hotel, we saw it again with Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On".  Such an extravagant spectacle for the senses!  There's just something about an oasis of moving water right before your eyes in the middle of the searing desert,  music tickling your tympanic membranes.  All for free!Great views from the front of Bellagio, or when dining at Mon Ami Gabi at Paris.  The show runs every 15-30 mins, with the start times depending upon the day.  You can't miss this attraction at the Strip, literally & figuratively.  I know when I'm in Vegas again, I'll certainly enjoy checking out the Fountains of Bellagio several times more.Highly recommmend!
5	This show was so cool to see at night!!!The water is almost like fireworks...especially with the all the water lit up with the lights. I also like how the water is synchronized with the background music :) I would totally want to see this show again next time I come!
5	FREE ENTERTAINMENT!!! Probably the best free nighttime (and daytime) entertainment for tourists. My best friend recently visited and she LOVED the nighttime show -- within an hour we got a great range from the following songs: Elton John, Simple Gifts, The Pink Panther, etc. They're really good at changing it up and of course, the water and patterns move differently according to song.Showtimes every 15 minutes. Best views: right in front of them (at the Bellagio), Mon Ami Gabi (restaurant at Paris Hotel), or outside at the Sugar Factory (Paris Hotel). Decent view from the porch at the Sugar Factory store. When you come to Vegas, you've got to see this at night -- I mean, it's when Clooney's character in Ocean's had an epiphany. Everyone's gotta have an Ocean's moment in Vegas.
5	First, some show times and some tips and then I will attempt to be humorous with my review:FOUNTAIN SHOW TIMES:Monday - Friday:3pm - 7pm (Every Half Hour....so 3pm, 3:30pm, 4pm, etc.)THEN7pm - 12am (Every 15 Minutes...so 7pm, 7:15pm, 7:30pm, etc.)Saturdays/Holidays:12pm - 7pm (Every Half Hour)7pm - 12am (Every 15 Minutes)Sundays:11am (Every 15 minutes for the Jasmine Sunday Brunch)THEN it follows the Saturday/Holiday Schedule at 12pmTIPS:1) Stay away from the rapper guys trying to give you one of their CDs with all of their "slammin hits."  This is a scam.  Do not even touch the CD.  Once you grab the CD they then say you bought it and it costs $5.  They are pushy and intimidating to tourists that do not know better.  Just keep walking.  You do not have to be polite to these people....they are scam artists.  They notoriously hide out near the fountains and on some of the catwalks near the fountains.  Just keep walking.2) If you want to get a good spot for the show then travel during one of the 15 minute span time frames.  Arrive right before the fountain show ends and wait for everybody to leave then grab the best location to watch the next show.  You will wait for 20-30 minutes in total, but it will be worth it.REVIEW:The show is great.  You can see it all over the strip, but nothing is better than seeing it up close and personal.  There are tons of characters asking for tips with you taking a picture etc.  Be sure to look at the dirty looking Dora.  There is some lady there dressed as Dora and she looks as though she just walked through the desert and decided to make a few bucks at the Bellagio fountains before once again venturing out into the desert....like a weird Vegas Punxsutawney Phil.I don't want to sound like a big wuss, but the best song for that fountain show is "Time to Say Goodbye."  Look it up on youtube....it gives me chills, but I have to act tough since my fiance is usually right next to me.  Yeah....I act tough as I accompany her to the Prada store to go bag shopping....Kneel before my toughness!!!!Seriously though....awesome show.  Do not miss it.  And remember my tips.
5	Most beautiful fountains I have seen, night show is great, lighting, atmosphere. Def. worth seeing.
5	Love this place. It's always a nice way to start or end your trip in Vegas. After a crazy weekend for EDC, my fiancee and I just skipped out on the third day of EDC and watched the fountains on our last night in Vegas. It was a nice calm, classy way to end the vacation. Shows are every 15 minutes or so if you are around during the summer at night. Worth watching if you've never seen them before!
4	The Fountains of Bellagio. Something everyone visiting Vegas should have seen at least once.The show takes about 10 minutes, is FREE and runs every half hour right out fron the Bellagio Casino.I like it best at night, along with the lights it's really beautiful, a nice stop while strolling the strip.Great photo ops, not to be missed!
5	An amazing experience! Free to boot!I think they only go in the evening. There are signs posted about when they start/when next one is.I have been to Vegas multiple times and always stop to watch the Bellagio fountains. The choreography of the fountains to the music is just magical. Worth waiting and getting a close spot for.
5	Probably my favorite Vegas attraction. Nothing better on a cool Fall night than watching the people and the fountains.
5	Absolutely fantastic. It's a must see when you visit Vegas. Some don't do the tourist stuff.. But everytine I visit I want to go here. It's so relaxing at night f there are shows all the time nice music playing. And from what I have see the cleanest concrete in Vegas . I have seen so many romantic things at this location. Take your friends and family and enjoy the Bellagio lifestyle
4	Beautiful show. I love how they combine the music with the water. At night it is very beautiful as the water is lit up. My favorite part is the big whoooosh!
5	Beautiful! As a local, going down to the strip does't happen too often.  But this is a must-see for tourists.  I bring visiting friends and family here and they all love it.  It runs all day and is free! It is also outside of one of Vegas' most beautiful casinos.  Definitely a must-see!
5	Seriously whoever didn't give this five stars must be an idiot. This is the coolest, most impressive fountain show you can see. As a local, I will literally drive down and watch the shows any chance I get. The song choice is dramatic. The entire feeling you get is grand and impressive and you will be artistically moved. It's a must see.
5	The fountain plays in the evening until midnight I believe. There are signs posted by the fountain for when the shows start and the speakers announce when the next show is.This is a must see if you go to Vegas. It is completely free and I recommend watching a show from the right side if possible because that is the main part of the fountain. They do many different songs and the choreography follows each song so every show is different.Watching a show a something quick and nice to do every every night.
5	That is the coolest thing I've seen in vegas so far the music is synced amazing with the music that is so cool and the vibes are awesome!!!
5	You can't say you've visited Vegas without seeing the Bellagio Fountains. It's such a beautiful sight to see, and the music makes it romantic and memorable. Make sure to see it both during the day and at night. Grab your partner and prepare yourself for a lovely evening. I think we watched them at least four times.
5	Absolutely amazing! A must see.
4	The Fountains at the Bellagio are one of the iconic images of Las Vegas.  The show is every half hour or so starting in the evening and go through the late night hours.  The fountain show is truly impressive shooting jets of water hundreds of feet into the air.  Each show is accompanied by music.  There is not a bad spot to view the show from but ideally you would want to be on Las Vegas Blvd.  The Bellagio is on the west side and serves as the back drop to the show.
5	The Fountains of Bellagio is a must must must must must do!  If I had only one night to spend in Vegas, I would literally spend it watching the fountains.  There are some things that are just so wonderful, they can't be described with words, and the Fountains of Bellagio is the granddaddy of these things!  It's funny, then, that I'm trying to write a review comprised of only words to describe it.  So how should I do it justice?  I'm hoping that the phrase "less is more" rings true for this review and will thus keep it simple.Absolutely breathtaking.Unimaginably romantic.Amazingly mesmerizing.Actually wait, I know how to describe it...Just. Perfect.
4	The Fountains are something i always look forward to seeing when coming to Vegas, I love water shows and this one is just spectacular. It is simply breathtaking at night and draws quite a large crowd so you kind of have to make sure you are there at the right time so you can get a good viewing spot and are able to take pictures.
5	Whip out those cameras, crank up Clair de lune, and recreate your own ending scene departing Las Vegas a la Ocean's 11. Showtimes:M-F 3-7pm every half hourAfter 7pm-12am shows are every 15 minutesSaturdays, Sundays* and Holidays12:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.show every 1/2 hour7:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.show every 15 minutes*On Sundays Fountain show times begin at 11 a.m. and run every 15 minutes for the Fountains Brunch at Jasmine.
4	A must see!
5	Sure, the fountain show can get a tad old when you've seen it 175032 times. But it's still totally neat and an absolute Vegas must-do. It's awesome night and day. It's awesome from the ground, from a restaurant, from a hotel room, and from a car. And the songs / water choreography rotates, so it's likely you'll see something different most every time you watch it.During peak tourist times of the year, if you plan on viewing from the sidewalk, it's good to arrive early so you can get a spot where you can see. Special tip: Viewing it from the top of Eiffel Tower is pretty cool. And many hotel rooms in the surrounding properties offer a good view of the fountains. (This was one of the highlights of my room experience at Bally's.) You can also sit outside on the patio at some of the Bellagio restaurants and get a great and different view of the fountains.Personally, for me, my fav viewing is from my car, whilst driving by. I turn off the radio, roll down the windows, and enjoy my time stopped at a red light.
5	Several moments of peace and clarity have swept me off my feet in front of the fountains of Bellagio. I have been encouraged by friends to make decisions that have changed the trajectory of my life for the better while waiting for the show to begin. Something about the lights and the water create such an existential experience! All in all, I may seem biased, but this is hands down the best free street attraction in Las Vegas. Highly recommend checking it out at night to fully experience the ambience of the fountains in front of the Bellagio. Worth it to find the midway point to see the fountains in all its glory. Shows every 15 mins after 7pm until midnight. Shows every 30 minutes from 12pm to 7pm. The speakers also announce when the next showing will be. Stick around for two showings to see the variety that the show offers. There is some awesome music playing on the speakers and plenty of people watching opportunities to keep you entertained while waiting for the next show. If you're not into embarking on a spiritual experience, this is also a great opportunity to pretend that you were a part of Ocean's 11.
5	Always elegant and entertaining to stop by this lovely show. It's free and very romantic. Wish they would make the street rats shut up during shows because their yelling "free water" gets annoying, but it's ok. Get a spot early. Shows every 15 or 30 mins depending on the time and day.
5	Beautiful.I was lucky enough to be able to watch shows from my room at the Cosmopolitan and also while walking down the strip at night. Various songs throughout the ages and a thrill for all ages.  Highly recommend.
5	Always a must stop when in Vegas. What's not to like about a free fountain show that cannot be compared to any other fountain show.
5	Great show! Saw the show for the first time and I got chill :) the music is great with all the rhythm of the fountains.  Once every 15 minutes at night time.
5	Stunning and freaking gorgeous!  And it is free!  Can't get much better than that.  Truly a spectacular thing to see.
5	Beautiful, gorgeous, you can not get tired of seen this marvelous man made attraction, definitely a most see experience!!!!
3	I used to LOVE the Bellagio fountains. I took my daughter there this last weekend to see them. I haven't been to see them in a few years. There are two changes that make this only three stars for me.1. What exactly is the schedule for the show? The fountains used to go every 15 minutes. This time we got one show in 35 minutes.2. Can we get rid of the street "performers" , panhandlers, vagrants, and general nutjobs? Their presence makes a lot of people very uncomfortable. We're there to see real show, not a sideshow.
5	Reveled in it more than I suspected - diverse choreographed fountain shows with distinctive soundtracks through out evening and nighttime. Saw day and night show.
5	Here is something cool to check out in Vegas...and it is free.We were sightseeing in Vegas.  Most of the hotels have their own theme so they are all neat to check out.  We went by the Bellagio.  Outside the Bellagio the fountains light up and dance.  We kept missing it and finally were able to catch it.  It is an absolutely beautiful sight to see.
4	Reviewing the fountains?  Sure, why not!  Let's get pumped up for next weekend's Vegas vacation!What can be said about the fountains?  It's free, there's a show every 30 minutes, and they're always updating the accompanying music.  It's gorgeous during the day and even more lovely at night.  To ensure a good spot, get there 10 minutes early and stand around.  Once the fountains goes off, everybody and their moms will be crowding you for a prime viewing spot.  Watching it from Paris, your room at Bellagio, or the balcony at Cosmopolitan gives you a different view than when you're standing next to it.Bellagio is known for their fountains and The Strip isn't the same without them.  You can miss the volcano show at Mirage and skip the pirate show at Treasure Island but make sure you stop and watch The Fountains at Bellagio!  Am I the only one that imagines how painful it must be to be blasted by one of those fountains?
3	Long running and still standing fountain show.  Streams of high powered dancing water cannons shoot and sway in the air.  Timed to classical, vintage Vegas and patriotic music the spectacle can be seen from the strip directly in front of Bellagio or viewed on the street or from the valet fountain viewing areas.  Whenever you're done blowing the kids college funds on the 1 armed bandits or blowing your wad at the strip clubs, it's nice to get something for free right?
5	The fountains never cease to amaze me. The show changes pretty frequently, as we saw the fountains 3 days in a row and the movement as well as the music was different every day. There's really no horrible vantage point to see them, but I think across the street might be a little better, as you can see more of the show at one time.
5	Love this place, the show was beautiful! We had alot of fun. It does not hurt that it is free and always on a schedule. It is definitely worth it to stop and check the show out!
5	B-E-A-U-T-I-F-U-LYou MUST see the fountain show at Bellagio - there is no reason not to!It is free, it is right on the strip, it is very 30 minutes.  You have no excuse not to see it.it i just gorgeous! Make sure to see it at night!
5	This is a must see attraction if you ever visit the Las Vegas strip! Day or night, the fountain puts on a show every fifteen minutes for onlookers to enjoy. I make sure to stop and marvel at the night time show because it's so mesmerizing. I love how high the water gets blasted into the air while the show is synchronized to music and lights. I can't wait to watch it again the next time I visit the city that never sleeps.
5	Gorgeous! Must do. Shows run frequently after a certain hour so check the schedule. The fountains run to the backdrop of music which highten the experience. Street performers complete the experience.
5	Makes me feel like I'm reliving oceans eleven. :) it worth seeing this at olives if you can get a balcony seat. Fantastic music and ambience. Doesn't beat Disneyland world of color, but it's very elegant . Good job bellagio.
5	Located in front of The Bellagio Hotel Casino (duh) on the Famous Las Vegas Strip. This a wondrous and free attraction that is a must see when you visit our town. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I have been coming to Vegas for years and have never took the time to stand in front of the Bellagio to see the fountain show. The show only lasts a few minutes so it's definitely worth walking to and posting up in a good spot. The show is pretty amazing and the music is wonderful.
5	When in Vegas you must see the fountain show at the Bellagio. It's on every tourist's to do list. It's gorgeous plus it's free and runs often. Definitely take the time to stop by and take in the beauty of Vegas.
5	Free, beautiful and amazing. Definitely a must-see when in Vegas.
5	Water show is pretty. It's the same everytime so ever stay and watch the whole thing. See it once then it becomes boring.
5	Beautiful music and perfectly coregraphed fountains. It is a sight to see when you visit vefas and it never gets the boing the many times Ive seen it.
4	this made my night a free show by the Bellagio the water flowing everywhere with the music is just beautiful such a peaceful scene I would highly recommend if you walking on the Boulevard Las Vegas Blvd. you should definitely take a moment to relax and enjoy the view and listen to the music and the water show their beautiful at night also so don't be fooled don't just walk away take a nice stroll by then he loves you and enjoy the beautiful show
5	It is so pretty completely free and plenty of space ! I go as manny times as I can ! There are all so a lot of characters on the street by there!(: a five star performance! It's a must
5	Wanneer je in Las Vegas bent, dan mag je dit gewoon niet missen. Ga aan de straat zijde staan, zodat je overweldigd kunt worden door de prachtige muziek terwijl je naar het grootse waterfontijnen show te wereld kijkt. Ongelofelijk om te zien !  Van 19u tot 00u00 om het kwartier en van 15u tot 19u om het half uur.
5	The Fountains of Bellagio are one of the well known attractions on the strip. And it's FREE, so it's hard to beat that! The water show is rhythemically synced to music and lights. They capture the attention of both young and old. Every trip that I have taken to Vegas has included the fountains.
5	We stop every time we are in town. Never a disappointment!
5	Just imagine the engineering it took for this place to come about with figuring out water pressure to create such a spectacular show played to music!  I know I'm a geek but it is quite a spectacular show.  No bad seat in the house. Bravo.
4	YES!!! This is one of the awesome wonders of Las Vegas.Even as a local, I am always impressed when we are standing there.They have a water show every 15 minutes, but different ones, set to different songs.This is one of those great spots we always bring visitors when we are down on the strip. In my opinion, it is best at night. Perfect night....Dinner on the Strip, then watch the fountain, then head to the Caesar's for dessert at Serendipity (although I suggest putting your name in at Serendipity first, it can be a wait)
5	One of my favorite things to see in Las Vegas. From when I first visited, to when I moved here, to this very day 8 years later, I still love to see the fountain show.The best thing is it's free! I usually plan the vending with visiting near by attractions and make sure I get to see at least 4 shows. The music and the water show is different each time and are coordinated accordingly. From Frank Sinatra to Andrea Bocelli to Michael Jackson there is something for everyone. The shows are a half hour a part and later in the evening 15 minutes apart.A perfect place to bring you out of town guests or just visit with your own family.
5	Awesome wonders of Las Vegas, water calibrate with the music, it changes with different songs.  Best view when view at night. it's enchanting and magical~!!
5	One of the best things about Vegas is The Strip. Especially when you do a lot of walking on the Strip (especially at night, when the neon lights overstimulate and the city throbs with energy). And one of the best things to see on The Strip are the Bellagio fountains. It's free entertainment, it takes place regularly (I think on the hour), it's not too long and not too short in duration, and it's beautiful. And all family members of all ages enjoy it.In short, the fountains "perform" to various musical selections and are illuminated by various coloured lights. It's analogous to a water ballet: the fountains dance and jump and fluctuate in waves, singly and in groups, and it's downright mesmerizing. I prefer the night-time performances as the lighting show is more pronounced then. If you look into the crowd, everyone is smiling. Everyone. What's not to appreciate? It's graceful, it's musical, and it's lovely.Not to be missed.
5	This show is awesome! where would you see fountains dancing to songs. This is quite interesting and romantic free entertainment all summed into one. The Fountains of Bellagio became one of my favourite thing to see on the strip.
