5	Nestled in an obscure office park, as if a diamond in a lump of coal, Baguette Cafe is a gem... a sweet and tasty gem.  From their freshly baked bread and pastries to their comforting homemade soups, every item on the menu is sure to delight your palate.  What makes this cafe a daily dining must for me is that all the food is made from scratch with only the freshest ingredients and yet I can have lunch there for a price comparable to any fast food chain.  It's unfortunate I can only give them 5 stars...  They really deserve at least six...
4	Everything so far has been very good here - I've now had the Three Cheese Panini w/Prosciutto, Breakfast Panini w/Ham, and French Onion soup (a special, not regularly available)The Three Cheese was made on a nice baguette and pressed, and went very well with the French Onion, which was made properly with bread and cheese on top like it should be :)The Breakfast Panini had scrambled eggs, swiss, spinach and ham on texas toast, which was then pressed - quite tasty. There's also an option to get the breakfast one on a croissant, but I didn't want to pay extra for that, and the decision paid off :)All around good food, but like Tony, one star knocked off for the odd location and occasional long wait times.
5	I've just taken a bite of the greatest Apple Tart I've ever experienced. Thanks again Baguette Cafe, the hits keep coming.The Baguette Cafe was so satisfying, it inspired me to write my first-ever Yelp review.  Two proper Illy Lattes in the morning and perhaps the best soup I've ever had--Roasted Red Pepper + Gouda, for lunch (the freshly made Taboule was wicked as well).  Truly exceptional, homemade food, prepared by the people who do food better than anybody on the planet...the french. (sandwiches, salads, quiche, soups...pastry) (great prices too!). The atmosphere is quite comfy.  Service from owner, Olivier, is authentically friendly. And the food...yeah...it's that good.  Call ahead and find out when the chocolate croissants are leaving the oven...! Only potential downside is location, inside a professional park just off West 215 near Durango.  Once you find it...you'll be back.
4	The perfect balance of fresh ingredients, and service that makes you want to come back to this place regularly. Baguette Cafe like many others have said is located in the business park right off the 215 and Durango. Great location if you work in the offices there (yah me), a little out of the way that do not but worth the effort to find the spot. Olivier the owner of this quaint  little spot is probably one of the nicest people i have ever had the pleasure to speak with about the products he offers and i can immediately sence his passion for fresh food. This goes a long way with me because it follows thru in the food. I had a simpe tuna sandwich $5.95 came served with a light spring mix on the side topped with a light vinegarette. The tuna was prepared when ordered not sitting around in a container. Served on a crusty baguette, cherry tomatoes, olives, and boiled egg. Very tasty for a mid day lunch, or even a light dinner. Also was able to have the pain Au Chocolat which was light, airy, with a slightly buttery flaky outter shell complimented with the lucious chocolate center.... yum! All in all my meal was quite enjoyable and would make you feel a whole lot better about yourself afterward rather than eating that super sized number 4 from Carls Jr. What really makes the place is the service as i must compliment Olivier the owner again as i do when i receive such great service. This is what brings me back and i know im not the only one who feels this way so it must be said.
4	Let me just start by saying that I may be the biggest fool in the world.Baguette Cafe is located in an office park (Sunset and Buffalo). I've been working at said office park for the last 2 years. Now...I just went to Baguette for lunch on the insistence of a couple of friends today. Why, you ask...well....I keep on thinking to myself that how can any cafe at an office park off the freeway actually be good? It's going to be terrible. Boy, was I wrong. I could smack myself right now. Today's lunch at Baguette was amazing! The owner of Baguette Cafe is a very very friendly French guy...yes...with the little artist hat and the accent. He is actually French. I had a roasted vegetable panini (roasted portobellos, zuchinni, eggplant, homemade pesto and tapenade with mozarella) that was very very good. It was 6 bucks and I could only eat 1/2 of it as it was so filling. I also had a cup of the beet soup with wasabi cream. I hate beets with a passion so to have finished this soup and smacking my lips as I did is really a feat to be admired. Good job Baguette Cafe. Also props to Oliver (I think) the owner, who let me try both soups before I picked my favorite. My friend had a chicken sandwich on a baguette and absolutely loved it. The other friend had the same roasted veggie sandwich but on Texas toast and that option came with salad and chips. Yummmm!!!They had some amazing specials that I will try out the next time I go (because now I will be a regular). Their pasta salad with veggie ratatouille sounded and looked amazing! Also they had a pizza with artichoke and leeks...all served on fancy nice platters that make lunch seems like a little tea party! Fun fun!!!Fyi, although Baguette Cafe does serve meat and seafood options I'd like to note here that the owner is a vegetarian and is knowledgeable about ingredients. Both soups today were vegetarian and tasted amazing and there are at least 5 veg options on the menu and the menu changes daily. Weird location yes...but don't let that put you off! I lost 2 years doing just that! Try Baguette Cafe for lunch today!
5	I had to up my stars for Baguette Cafe after my experience today. Wow...this is just an amazing little cafe. I had the lunch platter special - $6.27.1. Cream of Pea soup with a basil/cappuccino infusion - Amazing. Very tasty, creamy and had a hint of something different2. Mixed Green Salad with balsamic v - Very crisp and fresh veggies and the dressing was also very good3. Vegetable curry pasta - Multicolor fusili with a vegetable indian curry sauce and some parmesan sprinkles. The sauce had peas, mushrooms, eggplants, carrots (slivered). It was exquisite. Tasted so fresh, pure and beautiful. All these came in a single platter. The soup was in a small little shotglass type container. Portions were smaller but extremely filling and the taste was impeccable. As for Olivier (got his name right), him and his staff were as usual friendly and helpful.I had to give this place a five star review. Great great great food.
5	I've been on the lookout for some authentic local eateries and when I saw Baguette Cafe pop up on Yelp I had to give the place a try.As has been noted by some other reviewers, its a little tricky to find the place at first, in the far corner of a group of office buildings, but its well worth the effort.I got there about 11:40 am which I think was perfect timing, since by the time my food came out almost every seat in the place was taken. The decor is very nice - simple but beautiful.  Normally small local cafes look pretty amateurish inside, but Baguette Cafe was done right.  Its warm and inviting and definitely a place you'd like to eat at or just have a cup of coffee in. I decided to have a ham sandwich and a cup of their roasted pepper and gouda soup, both of which were very good.  I don't normally care for tomatoes but the sandwich was good enough that I actually enjoyed them.  The presentation of the plate was also very nice, with plates and bowls that were a cut above what you'd expect to find in most Vegas cafes.Olivier, whom I take to the owner, was very nice and welcoming, introducing himself and asking me which nearby building I worked in (none of them, I live down the street) and asking my name when I left and shaking my hand - something you definitely don't get at most restaurants or cafes!All in all I'm very impressed with Baguette Cafe and recommend anyone in the area (or out of it, its worth a drive) to give it a try.
5	I must eat at this place at least once if not twice a week because of its close location to my office but at the same time Olivier the owner is just so inviting that he earns my business with his attitude and appreciation of you visiting his establishment. Today i had the breakfast special -Omlet sandwich (eggs, spinach, bacon, with what seemed like a marinara sauce served on Texas toast-Small salad -Orange juice-Your choice of coffee, tea or hot chocolate$4.95 truly a deal give that a cup of coffee at any coffee shop will run you $2 alone. The sandwich was fantastic and so well made, the salad always fresh with the balsamic, orange juice was tasty as well and the coffee was Illy brand coffee which was the best cup i have had to date. This is my new go to meal with just the right amount of food and the coffee seals the deal. People try the breakfast special for lunch... its tasty!
5	In between some towering office buildings off of 215 and Durango is a hidden jewel in Culinary Arts called Baguette Cafe. Fresh, healthy and mouth watering cuisine at fast food prices is a rarity. With such an extensive menu I will be back over and over again to try everything on the menu. If you are a coffee lover you will love Illy's. Look for this Cafe to be very busy when the word gets out!
5	This place is phenomenal. Everything was excellent. YOU have to go here; you will not regret it.Items ordered:Iced vanilla latte, iced green tea with pomegranate, quiche, le curry chicken sandwich, and black coffee.
5	YUMMY =p so my hubby and i checked this place out for lunch and had the le mole panini and the le chipotle panini...omg it was soooooo good! we also tried the carmel frapp and we will never ever go back to starbucks again...everwe loved this place so much that we set our alarm for 7am to return for breakfast haha... yummy croissants with illy coffee...mmmmmmmmmmfriendly french owners too!
5	Wow what an amazing cafe!!  An absolute hidden gem.  The pastries and fresh baked muffins are insane, it was like being in France.  The staff is courteous and the food is more flavorful than a 5 star restaurant.  The owner this place should be very proud.
5	Great food, great people, great price.
5	I wish there were more of these, and I wish one of them were in my area of Las Vegas, because Baguette Cafe is my kind of place!  While it is located in a business plaza in Southwest Las Vegas, it is the best cafe I have been to in town.  The sandwiches are what brought me here, and it is what will bring me back.  The service was very friendly and attentive.  The owner, Olivier, is a UNLV graduate, something we both had in common.  After talking to him for a little while, I found out he has worked as manager at some of the top places on the strip (Aureole, Bouchon, Joel Robuchon).  You could tell that he knew his food, because the sandwich I had was top notch.  One of his suggestions was the Chipotle Chicken Sandwich, so I thought that sounded great.  They brought out the sandwich on a glass plate, with a real fork.  It even came with a small side salad, which was very nice.  I think next time I may also try one of their soups.  I will be going back to Baguette Cafe soon and often, and suggest that you go too!
5	Very friendly. Worth the drive off the strip, great attention to detail for a clean simple food.
3	The Skinny: better than your average sandwich shop with a nicer ambience but not much more than that (3), service: we apparently hit the cafe around 1:00 but it still took 10 minutes for us to get our orders down... and we were the first ones in line (2) value: it's not bad - around $6-7 for a decent sandwich however it's not worth the drive to come here and eat. (3).This place obviously caters to the office buildings nearby given it's remote location hidden by the towering adjacent structures. We wandered in while the suits were getting their fix of illy coffee with lunch.First of all, despite it's moniker, this place has nothing to do with baguettes. We ordered two sandwiches - one ham and cheese and one pressed panini with a curry chicken filling.The bread is more of a ciabatta-type affair - a 6 inch loaf with a dense texture and a little mildy unpleasant hard chewy crust. This is not the light centered loaves with the pleasant crust that I was anticipating.The ingredients inside the sandwich were very good - the slices of chicken in the curry sandwich was sufficiently moist and tender while the sauce was pleasant. The ham and cheese sandwich was made with fresh ingredients albeit the bread was only okay for me. I was a little struck by how disorganized the people in the back were - there were three sandwich makers/servers in the back that were looking for direction from the cashier who I believe is the owner. This unfortunately was sufficiently distracting enough (plus he took a phone order in the interim) that it took about 10 minutes for us to place our orders.Yeah - this place serves a better sandwich than your average place but is it something to go back for or drive across town? I'm not so sure. 3 stars.
5	I'm a true night owl at heart and I was so looking forward in trying this place that I literally set my alarm clock to wake up super early to beat the lunch crowd here.The location may seem like a scavenger hunt... if you're coming from Rainbow Blvd., making a right onto W. Sunset Rd., you'll drive up and when you see tall office buildings and shiny reflective windows, you'll know you're almost there.. make a left as soon as you see an entry to go in... stay on the left side of the whole complex and when you see the office building number 8337, it's behind that building and you'll be making a slight right passing it. Baguette Cafe will be next to Bank of America. Hope these directions help in your hunt if you decide to give this cafe a try.I walked in and was greeted right away with a friendly, sweet smile from a gentleman named Olivier. He asked me my name and if I worked in one of the offices nearby and I told him no, but that I stopped by because I wanted to try this cafe. He was happy that I came here and started to passionately talk about what's the specials are today and specifically told me each ingredient that were in those dishes. He was very informative as if he knew everything by heart to the very last seasoning. I love it when you can tell when someone has the "fire" for flavor and food... He enjoyed telling me everything as if he was sharing his favorite recipe with me. All this, while I don't have any makeup on... I know scary right??!?!? It's not even Halloween yet!! Yikes! And he still treated me as if I was his #1 guest. I ended up trying the Prosciutto Baguette which consist of: mixed greens, tomato, prosciutto, salami, blue cheese, walnut, and celery spread. My sandwich and a handful portion of mixed green salad that had a tangy dressing on top of it was plated on a rectangular white glass dish. Olivier brought me some utensils and hope I enjoy my meal. From the first look at this Baguette.. I was afraid the bread would be tougher than leather to chew and harder than rock to break glass.. BUT it wasn't at all the case. It was tough on the outside, since most baguette are made that way and soft in the inside... almost spongy. The bread was good, but I was chewing way more than I ever did when eating a sandwich. I actually woke up the next day with a slight sore jaw, but I remember Olivier mentioning that I can order it Panini- style instead of Baguette. There wasn't anything wrong with the Baguette, as a matter of fact the whole sandwich was satisfying and all the ingredients complimented each other. The celery spread tasted light and fresh with a touch of tartness... it kept me guessing what's in it, but it was a delicious spread that softened the saltiness of the freshly cut prosciutto. The walnuts even made it mellow, in a sense giving it a smooth flavor. The blue cheese wasn't so profound, but you can taste it was there. Overall, I did enjoyed this meal. I washed my palate down with some Green Tea Pomegranate Iced Tea that they served there. It was the bitter kind without having any sugar, but I like it sometimes like that. I bought two muffins on my way out: the Pumpkin and Strawberry. I recall Olivier bringing out a fresh batch of muffins when I first walked in the cafe... they ran out of the Banana Nut Muffin, which I wanted to try, but the Pumpkin Muffin was out of this world delicious! I originally was only going to one bite and start my errands, but it so happens that before I knew it... I did my own magical act and the Pumpkin Muffin disappeared in thin air into my tummy. I know I didn't know I had such talent, but I was still in disbelief that I ate it all in a few seconds. Poof!! Abbra Cudabbra give me another Pumpkin muffin!! :( Sadly I couldn't make it happen and my muffin bag was still empty... darn. I saved the Strawberry Muffin for my date and he asked me if it was still good?!??! Ooo I wanted to hit him upside his head, but no no I'm not a violent person so I told him.. of course it's still good, they made it today!!! What?!? Is he crazy to think I'm going to give him a rotten, spoiled muffin??! Come on! He later told me he ate it for breakfast the next day and it was good. This cafe isn't a fast food order and BAM it comes out in a flash... no siree bob... they make it after you order and use the freshest ingredients. If you have time to relax, then you'll enjoy this place... but if you want something quick... maybe a salad or muffin doesn't take that long... they have a good selection of salads if that's something you are looking for. Fraps, hot chocolate, smoothies too! They have outside seating as well and bring out the food for you when it's ready. They even play catchy, fun even romantic french music.. nice listening pleasure while you grab a bite to eat or wanting to relax over some tea or coffee. Even though it might be challenging to find this cafe, you'll be happy you took the journey to find it.
5	Had my first and second experience at Baguette Cafe today.  I'll most likely stop by tomorrow too.  I got a Eggplant Panini and a Caramel Macchiato.  The Quiche was still 17 mins out.   Also got a couple of fresh Croissants and a Raisin Croissant.  Both were awesome.  I rarely find a place I like this much so this was a treat.  this is definitely a new favorite.  After talking with Olivier (I hope I got his name right) I found out that their Dough is imported from France.  Very nice with an excellent price.Stopped by later on to get some of that Quiche and some Apple Tart.  The Quiche was excellent and I'll be having sweet dreams of that Tart.  Got the last Croissant of the day, lucky.  The rest of the menu looked awesome and I am exited to try it all.
5	I never knew a good croissant until I found Baguette Cafe. I never knew what a real quiche tasted like until I discovered this place. The best part about finding this cafe is the fact that their entire menu is genuinely delicious!  I am in love with this place!Situated in the corner of the Centra business complex, Baguette is a treasure worth searching for on Sunset and the 215. If it wasn't for my new job down in the area, I would have lived the rest of my life oblivious to true French pastries and the genius of the owner's parents and their fantastic from-scratch cuisine. The first time I walked in the smell of fresh croissants wafted in the air. They import the dough from France and bake it fresh daily. It has the right pull, the beautiful flaky exterior and a flavor like no other croissant I've ever had. From there I began ordering sandwiches and literally worked my way through the menu. Every single one is flavorful and down right delicious. I'm hooked. The best part? They make my chai tea better than Starbucks. Yum!If you want a place to eat where you don't have to avoid parts of the menu, or are looking for a family run cafe that makes sandwiches and pastries from scratch, venture down southwest and eat here. It's worth the trip. I eat here every single day and will never tire of their great food. It's simple-sandwiches, soups, salads, and a variety of pastries and quiche daily, along with Illy coffee and variety of lattes and teas--you cannot go wrong. Olivier, the owner, is amazing and will take care of you. His parents cook in the back and are AMAZING at what they do. I implore you to eat here. Just once. I guarantee it won't be your last.
5	From LA. Visiting family. Looking for a nice (non-chain) restaurant with good coffee. Totally found it hidden in the back of a business park. Friendly, cheap and delicious. Coming back whenever I'm in town.
5	Woohoo! Love this place. Finally a french place close to home. Friendly service, nice owners, good food. Had a great time chatting some french with them. Will definetly be back for some Quiche Lorraine.Merci! Je reviendrai sans doute.
5	So, this place is pretty much amazing. Everything lives up to par. The food, coffee, and service. It's a small little place hidden in a business complex, but if you're smart enough to find it - then you deserve to eat there !! Think of it as a treasure hunt. If you take the time to find it, you'll be rewarded in the end. The owner, Olivier, is a very friendly man. If it's your first time, he gladly explains almost everything he has on his menu. And what I liked most, is that he takes the time to find out your name and shake your hand. Not many establishments do that. Although he does have a set menu, the soups, quiches, & tarts seem to change almost every day. Plus, I do believe he just has other random food items available each day, so be sure to ask him what he has for the day [though, I'm sure he'll tell you before you get the chance to ask]. I had the chicken curry sandwich, an item not regularly available on his menu. Damn, it was delicious. Good flavored curry, tender chicken, great baguette, plus some fresh herbs and such. I hope he has this on a more regular basis. For you vegetarian and/or vegan folk, he has quite a few options on his menu, and he said he was looking to add more. The croissants there are supposed to be really great. I wish I could confirm this, but unfortunately I'm not a big fan of croissants. They're just too buttery and flaky for my taste [a lot of people judge me for this, but it's OK. =p]. But, I will comment that they did LOOK good. Overall, a great place to meet a friend for lunch. Or get some studying done [ free wifi !]. Plus, with an always changing selection of food, you'll always have a chance to try something new. When you go, be sure and eat a croissant for me.
5	Love this place.  The family who runs it owned their own restuarants in the south of France.  Everything is handmade, daily, with a lot of love.  Everything I have had here is over-the-top delicious.  The prices are great and so is the coffee.
5	This place is awesome! Just a little cafe in a business park, limited menu, (soups, salads, sandwiches, some pastries) but excellent quality. Olivier is very friendly, and makes you feel welcome the whole time you're there.We tried the 3 cheese pannini with prusciutto and the daily special chicken mole pannini. Then we had a bowl of turnip and sage soup. So delicious! We also bought a chocolate fruit tart and a raisin croissant to take home.They also serve Illy coffee. And yes, contrary to other reviews, they do have baguettes, that's what our panninis were made with. They aren't the two foot long variety if that's what you're after.The soups are made each morning from whatever looks good at the market. I wish more places operated like this, to make a few items and do them well versus making many items and being mediocre.
5	I find it very refreshing to find a locally owned business such as Baguette Cafe. I came right as they were closing and the owner Olivier hooked it up with a deal on some of the baked goods. There was something heavenly about the croissant. Even if it had been sitting all day since it was baked and was past it's freshness prime and a bit cold it maintained a crunchy flaky exterior while having a tender bite and slightly chewy texture on the inside. If this is what the croissant becomes after a few hours it must be ten times as better fresh.The soup, Mexican vegetable, was just absolutely divine. The soup it self could stand up on it's own but when you bite into the large cuts of assorted vegetables the melodies of the ingredients along with the broth just melds together in your mouth. The bits of lime in the soup add an excellent touch as they're able to retain their individual characteristic.The pannini press was cold and it would have taken too much time to fire it up again so i asked for a cold chipotle chicken sandwich. Two more snags, they ran out of sun dried tomatoes and there was no more baguette bread which they normally use to make the sandwiches. I informed them it was fine and if there was anything they could do. Tomatoes were taken out and the sandwich was constructed on this roll. I took the foil wrapped sucker home and baked it in my toaster oven for about 10 minutes. WHOA!! What ever that roll was i want more of it. The crust was just absolutely divine. Crunchy and chewy and satisfying. Actual slices of chicken breast were used instead of deli sliced and the sauces were tasty. Could have used a bit more of a spicy kick but they this is a modified version.I came here during their closing process and as a result got the day's leftovers. The left overs pretty much made my day. The bread is absolutely divine and the soup needs the skills of a poet to properly give it credit. If you are to come here and try this place out i would come at opening time (0700) when everything is fresh.
4	We went to Baguette Cafe for lunch because of its high rating on Yelp and also the fact that it is right next to where my friend was working for the day.  We both really enjoyed the food!  (Curry Chicken panini & bleu cheese panini... thai frappe & ice tea) Great service!  They even tried to remember our names!  How cute!We'll definitely go back when we are in the area.
5	finally got a weekday off to check out Baguette Cafe. This place is a complete diamond in the rough. In a town of corporate structure and in your face advertising of today's specials this place stands alone. the vibe feels as though it was neatly dissected from the streets of San Francisco or Seattle and transplanted to our rugged desert land. Olivier greeted us as we walked in and asked our names and took the time to run through the whole lineup of today's pastries, breakfast specials (today was quiche loraine), sand which specials and HOMEMADE soups. All of the pannini's had familiar sounding names but each one seemed to have a special unique twist. I had the curry pannini because i personally am not a fan of curry. Usually it is to overpowering for me and the flavor is just off. I am happy to say the Baguette Cafe single handily changed me. After they're curry panini with actual chicken breast not slices and sun dried tomato's I was hooked. I could have easily donned a Curry baseball jersey and a big foam curry is #1 finger. my wife had the chipotle chicken pannini. Again another home run. Subtle spiciness, moist chicken, roasted tomato's and the contrast of the warm creamy goodness of the contents and the hollow sounding crunchy exterior of a delicious french baguette equal a perfect sand which experience. As if this was not enough reason to return we also shared the prosciutto infused potato pureed soup. Again absolutely divine. the creamy flavor packed soup shows you the one of a kind indulgence of simplicity. this was served with a few freshly seasoned crostinnis. Everything here was delicious and fresh. The fresh part was confirmed by Olivier when he told us everything he uses is fresh. I don't know what kind of secret farmers market he discovered out here or if he has an astounding garden on his roof but the quality of every ingredient and the love put into the preparation shine through. While we were there he pulled a freshly baked apple tart out of the oven. The smell could only be described as heavenly as going into to Joel Robuchon's memory bank of his grandmothers pastry cooking. Olivier told us "some people sell crack, I sell apple tarts." then based on the smell alone there will soon be Dr Drew's Las Vegas apple tart rehab. Short and sweet - If you have a weekday off go here for any meal or just a coffee and homemade pastry and feel like you have left town and ended up in an artisnal coffee shop somewhere along the coast. Phenomenal.
5	It was my birthday and I wanted to go somewhere I've never been. I found this place and everything about it was straight up classy and real. The service is outstanding.The food is great, as is its presentation and how good it looks. Olivier is the man--he is so helpful and generous.Good prices to top it off, I highly recommend the Baguette Cafe.
5	Well, I went here because it came up as near my house and had good ratings. Can I add a star and make it 6? Thank you Yelpers. It is a really cute little place. The owner is behind the counter and he really wants to make you happy. He went over the menu and explained everything. He asked us our names and called us by name for the whole lunch. I had the chicken salad. Yummmmmy. It had fresh tender chicken, fresh blue cheese, and homemade vinagarette. It was also topped with jicama that was infused with amaretto. I am getting excited thinking about it. My son had the chicken sandwich. I didn't examine it as I was too busy. But he said it was great. We are planning on going back tomorrow. I can not wait!! I love places that are owned by private individuals and not chains. I really felt like I was in a little place in California.
5	WOW WOW WOW!!! Just went to Baguette Cafe twice this week and I don't even live near there. Olivier was so proud of his all house made menu and he should be. I had a special of brie and blue cheese with chicken apple and walnut panini. yummm mmmm...The place was slammed with professionals from the nearby offices for lunch. But, Olivier still remembered my name on the way out-try to find that anywhere else! So I took the family back for coffee and pastries-my weakness. I have experienced many unbelievable pastries while traveling through Europe and all the five star chefs on the Strip....BUT the pain au chocolat was out of this world and just out of the oven.. Heaven!! I love to support independently owned businesses but this is a bonus with amazing food, service and a little jen a se quoi??? Special! Can't wait to go back
5	it's away from the strip, which we didn't expect, in a business park. We had the prosciutto salad and spicy chipotle sandwich. Both DELICIOUS!!! I wish there was one of these in San Diego. Everything was super fresh and just tasted so great. We also had the Broccoli chedder soup which was a bit different because it was blended into a puree, still delicious!!
5	This establishment is a sublime vacation for the senses. From the subtle wafting aroma of fresh bread , To the beautiful display case featuring hand crafted pastries and  delicate morsels of pure bliss. The service was kind and professional, and I was reminded of  the well mannered nature of people from the south of France. Please, I encourage all foodies and those that desire a formidable dose of opulent cuisine at a very reasonable cost. Visit this cafe, you shall NOT be disappointed.
5	Everyone listen up this cafe is got to be the best kept secret in the southwest of our wonderful city, I'm rarely impressed or so satisfied by the quality of food and service that I ask of anyone to come and enjoy this cafe. I will tell you that this kind of place is rare and I'm glad it is so close to my home, I will definitely be coming back for more again and again. Make sure to try their soups and their excellent sandwiches, I know I know it is just a Cafe but believe me when I tell you that for food that is made so well and with so much care it deserves to be praised and talked about. Oliver gave us such good service and attention that I'm willing to share with everyone the beauty that it is the Baguette Cafe. Enjoy......
5	**** THIS PLACE is the REAL DEAL!!! *****This place has become known as BC (is what we refer to it as), they make and bake everything so yummy!!  Whether you're looking for a tasty morning snack, maybe a breakfast burrito or a muffin, or a lunch that involves a soup and sandwich, this place is off the shaaaaheezy.   Since my first experience here I have been a loyal fan.  YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE!!!!!  And if you have, you already know... :P
5	I work half-days here on the free (totally open) wifi from time to time. Olivier is super-friendly, knows his customers' names, and takes a lot of pride in his place.I really like the illy brand coffee here, and the food menu is also great. Try the Bleu Brie Panini or the Curry Panini for a nice lunch.  Prices on everything from food to coffee to bottled water are lower than I've come to expect from upscale coffee shops in Vegas.Also, Olivier's Pandora music selection is varied and enjoyable. ;-)
5	The food is fresh and wholesome.  Red pepper gouda soup is excellent!
5	This place was excellent! Food was fantastic, Oliver is so welcoming! He really cares about this place and does a great job of showing it. Before even ordering I knew it was going to be a nice experience.The food was delicious, fresh, and presented quite nicely. I had a chicken sandwich and some pastries that just melted away with every bite. Definitely go check this place out it's a little buried treasure in this city.
5	Baugette Cafe and the owner Olivier ROCK! Whenever I'm on this side of town I will make my way to here!! Food and illy Cafe is Excellent.  Olivier is so kind and always offers up excellent food pairing and even movie advise! We are over due for a visit. See you soon Baguette Cafe!
5	I just ate the most delicious sandwich here. How good was it?  If a homeless guy ate the sandwich I just ate, then farted directly into my mouth, it would still be at least 63% delicious.No joke.
5	I think I just fell in love with this place. A friend of mine kept raving about their sandwiches and so I decided to give it a shot. I have never felt so welcome and at home at an establishment and now I can't wait to go back. The portions are perfect and delicious. Olivier is so incredibly nice, as well as the rest of the staff. I like small, quaint cafes and restaurants and the Baguette Cafe is just that... it's perfect!
5	One of the best things about my job is that I get to work within yards of Baguette Cafe. I've grown to dearly love this place over the last year. The food is always good, the people are sweet and the ingredients are as quality as you can get. The food, bread, pies, muffins and coffee drinks are all made fresh, in house by Olivier, his mom and dad. All of whom are from France. This seems to also be the congregating spot of the local French population. It's not unusual to see groups of French-speaking people dressed beautifully sipping a huge cup of coffee and dipping croissants into their beverage on most mornings. I adore their soups. Everyday there are 2 soups. Both usually vegetarian. Creamy Cauliflower, Vegetarian French Onion, Curry, Spinach...the combinations Olivier's dad whips up are phenomenal. Easily, the best soups I've ever had. The sandwiches are made on store-baked baguette and served with the freshest and crispest ingredients. Olivier's dad is such a sweetheart...sometimes I come in and ask for pasta and he creates a dish just for me. Another dish that I think is marvelous is their pizza. Sometimes they have leek, sometimes roasted tomatoes and mushrooms...whatever they create, it's always sensational. The crust is thicker and definitely buttery and the toppings baked to perfection. Remarkable. Baguette Cafe's pastries and coffee are another pairing to treasure. The Caramel Macchiato is easily the tastiest and most satisfying morning drink I've had. Paired with their delectable fresh-baked croissants, breakfast is a heavenly experience. The dessert selection varies daily. Today they had chocolate tart and lemon meringue pie. Both made lovingly by Olivier's mommy. The meringue pie was perfection. Sweet, refreshing, smooth and made with actual lemon pieces, this clearly put all desserts to shame. They bake Madeleines in-house daily and have muffins and Pan de Chocolate (also immaculately baked fresh by the mom). Pricing here is very very very reasonable. $6-$7 for a half and half combination lunch and $3-$4 for a healthy piece of dessert. A place as delectable as Baguette Cafe is not going to be a local hidden gem for much longer. I've seen it's popularity soar over the year and I know they are going to go places (as they should). Partake in the joy of this cafe before it goes viral!
5	I've been coming to Baguette Cafe for almost a year now and I'm finally getting around to writing a review.  I've never had a bad meal here and the service is always fantastic.  Oliver is the best!  You can tell he's very passionate about the food and it shows.  Each of the soups which are handmade daily are fantastic and his sandwich creations are nothing short of delicious.  I wish nothing but the best for this restaurant and I'll be making my weekly/bi-monthly visits for a long time to come.
5	Great service. I had the Bleu Brie Panini w/crunchy salad. It was delicious. It was quite packed for a weekday lunch, but that's a sign of how good the food is ;-)
5	***** Chocolate Tart Best Value Dessert ***** This place is great.  Daily home made soups, fresh sandwiches with killer ass bread.Had the cream of leek and potato soup.  You'd think you were eating at some fine dining French restaurant.  But the best value was the $3.04 Chocolate Tart.  After the first bite, I teleported to heaven and back in a few seconds.  If you are ever going to cheat on your diet, put this on your list of things to eat.  Value-wise, you can't beat it.  When we were there, there were 4 new customers coming in.  (5 including me and 3 of us found out from Yelp)  This place is getting good buzz and for good reason.  Also, very affordable.  I wish they were open on Saturday.  Mon-Fri 5pm close makes it difficult to get out unless you have a phantom sick day or work/live nearby.
1	Okay. The food is okay which I would give 3 stars for. As far as the service, I give no stars!I ordered a Prosciutto Salad w/ fruit cup and my 2 co-workers each ordered a chicken sandwich. From what I heard from my co-workers, the sandwich was just a normal sandwich, nothing special at all. My salad was pretty a normal mixed green salad with a few pieces of prosciutto and salami. Nothing special there either. BUT their salad dressing, or whatever that supposed to be, was just disgusting. I have no idea what it tasted like except for bad taste. As far as the service go... the server did notified the party in front of us for a 20-25 minutes wait for their panini. But none of us ordered a panini and she didn't notified any of us, we waited for 25 minutes for the sandwiches. Remember, it was just a normal sandwich w/ nothing special at all. Then my salad didn't come with the sandwiches for which the server said she would bring it right out. I assumed it was just too much for her to bring at the same time. So I waited... a few minutes later, my salad was still not there. So I went in and follow up. And this is our conversation...Me: Hi, I would like to follow on my salad. It was taking a bit long. Server:  I said I will bring it right out!um... excuse me... Last time I checked, you said the same thing 5 minutes ago! Seriously, how hard is it to just put some greens together and the meat on top? 30 minutes in total? For just an average salad? Not worth it at all. My co-workers and I both agree not to go back EVER AGAIN!We are from SoCal, this place only qualify for an average meal but not worth the wait.Also, we had to sit outside because it was way too hot inside. The owner is SMART enough to the oven in the room but not the kitchen...BTW, just a little tips here... If you come here on a windy day and planning to have a salad. I would suggest you not to sit outside or your salad will be flying all over the place. It's not even funny, it's real.
5	Olivier at Baguette is one of the nicest people I've come across in a long time. Seriously, stepping into this casual coffee shop/cafe is like stepping into a friend's welcoming kitchen. Provided of course that you have friends who know how to seriously handle themselves in a kitchen.Misti Y brought me here for a quick lunch and some work time. Free wi-fi is always a plus and Baguette Cafe provides that. But, they also provide a nice, simple meal as well. I tried a combination of the veggie soup and a crunch salad. Each portion was half sized which meant they were perfect together to provide a whole meal.The soup was a cream instead of what I expected (I expected more of a broth with whole vegetables cooled in there), but it was a fantastic flavor. The crunch salad was simple and simply delightful - chock full of jicama, carrots, and other such crunchy veggies.The prices were more than reasonable and if I'm not mistaken you can get a baked good made fresh that day to round out your meal. One note - this is strictly a morning and afternoon spot as I'm fairly certain they close at 5 pm on the weekdays and aren't open on weekends at all.
5	Went here for lunch today and it is even better than all the reviews!!! I had a chicken curry sandwich and my brother had the blue brie. They were both amazing! We each tried a different soup and as expected, they were as good as the sandwiches. I Vote for baguette to be the best lunch place in Vegas.
5	A friend of mine suggested I try this place, as she knows my affinity for croissants.  This cafe did not let me down!  I opted for the Blue Brie Panini and it was divine!  I took the croissant home for breakfast the next day and it was one of the best I've had.  Too bad it's a trek for me....but well worth it.  Everything 1/2 off after 4pm.  Go get em'!!!!
5	Great food, great people.I have mad respect for a place that not only has great food (and of course vegan options) but is also run by nice people.  Food is fresh made and you I was seriously treated like a friend while i was there.  Great lunch spot!
4	Came in and decided that this is going to be my hangout at least once a week. Tricky to find but the guy is so charming.the food is yummy.the atmosphere is comfy and it wasn't busy. AND he gave me a free muffin! Made my day :]
1	Is everyone on yelp crazy? Of course not, but I have a feeling this place has a bit of a loaded rating.     First off, its in the back of an office park, terrible location unless you work there and zilch for ambiance.     Second, the staff is beyond stoned. I'm sorry, but I burned one on the way here and you are all much higher than I am.    Third, 30 min for one measly sandwich at 1:30 in the afternoon, come on.  Fourth, the sandwich sucked. The bread was good. That's it. I got the prosciutto sandwich and there was one measly little slice of meat. Seriously? This took 30 min? Similar reactions from those seated around me.   This is not a place to go if you are hungry or in a hurry, stick to Jason's Deli.
5	Excellent food, approachable atmosphere and excellent customer service! A little hard to locate, but worth the search. Olivier is one of the nicest and best business owners you will ever meet.
4	I've had this place on my radar screen for a very long time.  I finally decided to give it a try when I was in the area recently.  The name is kind of misleading.....I was expecting a sit-down restaurant with table service, what I found was a Coffee Shop (a la Starbucks), except it's locally owned.  I was a little disappointed because I had built up a huge appetite and the menu was very limited.After a few minutes I decided to get their Cheese Pannini.  When I arrived, there was only 1 person in front of me, so I thought the service was going to be fast.....it wasn't.  It took almost 15 minutes to make my Paninni.....which for a sit-down restaurant wouldn't be bad, but for an order at the counter type place, it's kind of a long time.  I arrived just before the lunch rush (11:30 am)....while I was waiting, it got very busy with 10 people in line or so.  They are single threaded here with their food preparation, so I can't imagine how long they will have to wait for their food.Anyway, when my food came out, it looked great.  I couldn't wait to take a bite of the Paninni.  It was as good as it looked, very good!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hIUKufhwR6Ifn7bi0-phLA?select=iM-bmUJgFX3I3lpLT57uTQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hIUKufhwR6Ifn7bi0-phLA?select=E2YbzDiWAomUXZQu3VtjSwThe Tomato Sauce in the Paninni was great and full of flavor.  The Bread was very tasty too.  The Paninni came with a very small side of greens which also went well with the dish.  I wish there were more greens.Overall, it was a good experience.  However, for those with large appetites, I wouldn't suggest it....the portions are too small and ordering two Paninnis wouldn't be cost effective.  The joint is situated between a bunch of office buildings and is suited more for that crowd than a casual diner.  The staff is very nice here and makes a sincere attempt and getting to know their guests.  They asked me what my name was and where I was from, where I heard about the place, etc.....and they knew several of the people who stopped by for lunch by their 1st name....I'm guessing by the way they were dressed that they worked in one of the buildings nearby.Return Factor - 30%
5	First let me say, I got lost looking for this place.  It was so hard to find it but once you get the hang of the location, there's no getting lost anymore.  The question had reached my ears, "Sarah, where are we eating today?"For a while now, I've been wanting to try this place out because of the reviews from yelp, as always.  Plus, it's different to Asian and Mexican food that we've been eating in the past.  My boss decided to drive with me, and thank God she did because if it weren't for her I would've been making u-turns on a constant basis.  We got there and immediately I thought of California.  My boss thought the same since there are tables and chairs outside and the patrons who went there had the appearance of being from Cali.  I can't explain any further than this.  Lax?  Laid back?Anyway, I ordered the chipotle chicken panini and turnip soup that had brochuto (wrong spelling) in it.  Mmmm... delish! As how my boss describes it after eating hers.  The spice in chipotle was just enough to give the panini that extra umph.  The soup was definitely delicious and I'm almost addicted to it.  I tried my boss's bell pepper and tomato soup and it was just okay.  I think the turnip soup beat that hands down.  Even she said so herself.Overall experience was awesome.  I'd come back over and over again just to try everything else in their menu board.  Which by the way, they don't have a menu.  I think they change their menu regularly.  I actually like that.
5	If my office was closer I'd eat here nearly everyday (as it is I make the trek 1-2x a week!). Olivier is a fabulous host and seems genuine and passionate about the quality of his food. Yup, it's just a sandwich shop, but I cannot think of a better soup/salad/sandwich spot in town. His food reminds me of eating in a cute cafe in Paris without the price tag! I typically get the Proscuitto salad and one of his yummy soups. They change daily and have yet to disappoint. The cream of mushroom was the best cream of mushroom I've ever had. I look forward to trying more of them every time I go. My favorite new addition to the menu is the FRESH Thai coconuts !! I adore coconut water so getting the chance to drink out of a fresh coconut from Thailand on my lunch break is a major treat.I won't deduct any stars for this, but it's a major bummer there is never any quiche when I go at lunch. Apparently it sells out at breakfast. I keep crossing my fingers and hoping he'll have some at lunch time someday!!  The selection of baked type things is relatively limited in general, but I appreciate that they make the baked good fresh so it's hard to have a huge variety on hand at a small restaurant. I adore Baguette Cafe because there is decidedly nothing Vegas about it. Fresh healthy DELICIOUS foods served by a charming owner - I've found my favorite lunch spot in Vegas.
5	Been coming here since it opened, I worked in the building across the way. I've had pretty much every pastry and they were and are always excellent! pineapple, apple, chocolate with coconut muffins were all great...made from scratch that same day...everytime! Also love their soups and sandwhiches. Particularly the three cheese with chicken...fresh slices of cheese, chicken breast on a grilled panini. The raisin bread is the best i've ever had. Staff is always friendly and place is always clean!
5	Wow!  Yelp comes through again!  I've driven past this place on the 215 quite a few times but couldn't be bothered to figure out how to get to it.  Then I had a meeting in a very confusing office complex off of West Sunset and, viola, there it is!  I had to try it.It was breakfast time so I got the omelet sandwich in a freshly baked croissant and a funky monkey blended drink, which is a mocha drink with banana.  They even did it decaf!  The funky monkey was delicious and the omelet was a nice surprise.  Spinach, a variety of flavorful cheeses, extremely yummy.I love that the owners speak to each other in French.  Gives the place a certain je nais se quoi, you know what I mean?  I'll definitely be going out of my way to visit this place again.
5	-First time visit was today-Super friendly service-They customized my friend's order, and were very pleasant about the special request- Great local and fresh ingredients- Vegetarian friendly, as well as have standard meaty items on menu-Outdoor dining area, great for beautiful spring day-Extremely casual - will be great for quick work lunch or to bring my toddler on weekend- Put twists on standard fare, e.g. instead of brocolli and cheddar soup, they had a fresh, lighter, housemade brocolli, cheddar and jalapeno soup (delicious!!)
4	Not your average office park sandwich shop!  I've eaten here three times recently, and really enjoyed the chicken chipotle panini, and the three cheese panini (with gorgonzola, and goat cheese).  The only thing that wasn't up to par was the stale black ice tea on one visit.
5	Croissants are amazing, fresh baguette made in-house among everything else, fresh ingredients  and illy coffee. The passion of the owner is reflective in his menu and his hospitality is above any cafe owner I've run into out here in vegas. The place reminds me of being in north beach San Francisco. My only complaint is that this place needs to be open on the weekend or sometime when I can make the trek out to the westside.
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place because of all of their amazing reviews especially the ones posted by the elite members. However, by all means avoid the lunch hour rush! I came in a few minutes before noon and luckily there was only 1 person ahead of me. But a minute after, practically every office employee within a 1 mile radius was here! Not only physically, but also calling in their orders for them to pick up (smart decision).As I was waiting in line and looking over the menu. I noticed Olivier was holding his phone with his gloves on. And from what I saw he touched some food immediately after. The first thing I put in my mouth was greens from the side salad that came with the sandwich. Unfortunately the greens were wilted, which was already a turn off.  I ordered the tuna panini which was a pretty standard panini. The only thing is it wasn't left on the panini press long enough because the lines from the grill were really faint. I think since they were in a rush to get the food in and out of the kitchin quick, it wasn't left on the press long enough. And I really do like that toasty taste. I was more pleased with my other selections such as the shrimp bisque and the banana nut muffin.Shrimp Bisque- very tasty, I've ordered lobster bisque at a classy restaurant and this was just as good. The 2 pieces of toasted baguette was a really nice touch.Banana nut muffin- really moist and I enjoy the fact there's no cinammon. I will probably be back, just to see if my next experience with be more enjoyable.
5	Tucked away in a complex surrounded by banks and business buildings, this quaint coffee house is perfect for a lazy brunch. Stepping through the doors, it would be a shame to rush out in such a hurry. The decor is simple, nothing elegant or pretentious, but the people working makes it comfortable and warm. Chatting with Olivier was a pleasure. Watching him interact with his patrons reminds me that the service industry is not all about how fast the food can be thrown out, how fast people can down it, and turning the table. The people that frequent this cafe enjoy having conversation over superb food. The food talk ignites the wannabe Anthony Bourdain in me. I am convinced after visiting that I could close my eyes and point to any item on the menu and not regret it. Katrina M. and I was passing a panini around like it was an elicit drug. (Disclaimer: The promotion of illegal substances is not intentional.) That is how good the food is. The three cheese panini with prosciutto was magnificent. The creaminess of the goat cheese and the subtle snap of the mozzarella mellows out the Gorgonzola. The cured ham rounded out the sandwich, giving it just the right amount of saltiness. Grilled crisp on a a crusty ciabatta bread gave contrast to the otherwise texture-less sandwich. The half bacon omelet panini with orange juice and your choice of coffee, tea, or hot chocolate is a steal at $4.95. Ask for it on ciabatta or a croissant will only cost fifty cents more. Being the gluttonous fiends that we are, we ordered a pain au chocolat and a slice of the apple tart. The chocolate croissant was flaky on the outside, chewy on the inside, buttery, and the chocolate melted as soon as it met the fork. I have not had a croissant of this caliber since France. The apples on the tart were crisp. The light layer of custard did not make their crust soggy and was not too rich.  The quality of coffee is important as well. I had ordered an Americano and my friend ordered a coffee. We lucked out, Olivier was brewing a new pot. The few minutes it took was worth it. A good coffee should be strong, bold, and not bitter. No sugar, no cream, full flavor.The total for a slow two hour brunch and good conversation , $22 before tip.
5	Well, I have to admit I've joined the Yelp bandwagon on this place. I'm a big fan. I finally had the opportunity to check this place out. Unfortunately for me, their hours don't really allow me to eat here too often, but at least I'll have my days off to look forward to for more reasons than just the obvious.I tried the prosciutto sandwich and my mom got the tuna. They were both absolutely delicious and very hearty for a sandwich. We got an apple tart for dessert, that was tasty. I loved everything about this place (aside from the long wait, but it was lunchtime on a Friday, so that's forgivable).The owner is very personable and they have such great daily specials. I can't wait to try their fabulous looking soups and some more of ther desserts. I only wish this place had weekend hours! =)
4	(My 400th review...Woot, woot!)During our most recent adventure to Vegas, we were in search for another great sandwich place and we ended going to Baguette Cafe.  Yeah, it was a little out of the way from the Strip, not to mention, it's located deep inside a business park.  Thankfully, I noticed the sign on their building while on the 215 so it wasn't that hard to figure out.We got there around 11am on Tuesday and it was empty, we figured we'd beat the lunch rush.  The gentleman who helped us, we didn't get his name but I'm assuming he's the infamous Olivier, was quite hospitable.  He asked if we've been there before, offered suggestions and went through all the menu items we were curious about.  In the end, I ordered the Blue Brie Panini and the s/o ordered the Chipotle Chicken Panini.  With one bottled soda and one Iced Tea it all came out to just under $20.  I noticed they had Illy Coffee too, which is awesome but it was too warm to drink coffee. :)It took awhile for our sandwiches to be made, not sure why.  However, I did notice that their phone kept ringing and Olivier would give each caller the undivided attention that he provided us.  Yeah, that's awesome but at the same time, customers were starting to line up and wait.When our sandwiches came out, the presentation was nice.  It came with a couple leaves of greens, the s/o said it was a salad because it had dressing, but IMO, it was a garnish but wow, it was tasty.  It would've been nice to have larger portion.The s/o and I split our sandwiches to experience both.  My Blue Brie was pretty awesome!  The turkey was poached so, it's not your cold cut turkey, so it tasted quite fresh.  It also had apples and walnuts.  I absolutely loved it!  The Chipotle Chicken was good, just a little too spicy for me, hence "Chipotle" but who can hate on a sandwich with bacon in it?  The bread however is totally what made both Paninis, it rocked!  They baguette was freshly baked and served warm, yum!  Eat your heart our Subway and your "Eat Fresh" slogan, this is the real deal!Overall, Baguette Cafe is a cute little place that I would love to visit again, maybe on the way to Red Rock.  I'll just have to remember that they're only open Mon-Fri.At least now I can say I've been to a TRUE French cafe, outside of Paris...casino included!
5	Before I write this review, I have to mention that Paolo D. said this place was "legiznit"I have to say that I agree with most of the Yelpers, this place is pretty awesome.  I'm not going to go on about the food, because everyone has pretty much summed it up.  But one thing that I am surprised that no one has mentioned are the prices.  I had been complaining a lot lately that I couldn't get a decent sandwich without spending over 10 bucks.  This place is different, you can get one for around 6 bucks, which is great.  And if you're afraid like me that you won't get full, get a decent sized salad or soup for another 3ish bucks.  But this is a perfect lunch spot on a work day.  The food is legiznit (did I just say that??)  The portions aren't huge where you're going to be in a food coma, and you're not going to spend your life savings.  What a deal huh?
5	I agree with everyone on this place.... The best coffee in town, fantastic food.  Olivier makes everyone feel welcome.  I went there once and everytime I return, he always remembers my name.  It's a little hard to find but well wort it!
5	The Chipotle sandwich is amazing!!!   Super friendly people I can't wait to come back.  They change the soups everyday so you can always try something different
5	We have coffee and order lunch from Baguette Cafe everyday!! Food is always fresh and delicious. The owner Olivier is very sweet and always willing to go the extra mile for his cutomers! I would recommend any of the daily fresh soups..Croissants or fresh juices! Love this place!
5	I am always on the lookout for good French pastries, turns out the bakers/pastry chefs at the Baguette Cafe are retired french pastry chefs!! You just can't beat that.Olivier the proprietor is friendly and very hospitable and has a fine little cafe.The location is somewhat difficult to find as it's tucked away behind some commercial buildings, but once we went in and tried the apple tart and pain au raisin, I was hooked -- too bad it was my last day on vacation in Vegas. But, Olivier said to come back in the morning to try the breakfast pastries and I was blown away, I bought all the pain au chocolat and we enjoyed them in the car as we headed back to Salt Lake City.It is worth your time to find this little cafe, go there for a nice dessert, treat of authentic French breakfast -- the sandwiches don't look half bad either!
5	I am a regular at Olivier's place for a reason. The most personable guy in the business. Great healthy and creative options.
5	This place is awesome! Best coffee in town, great food, great service, and atmosphere. It's a little hard to find coming off the 215, but it's well worth it.They'll also make just about anything they can for you as long as the basic ingredients are there. For instance, yesterday someone in line in front of me wanted a sandwich which had a pesto sauce on it but it had some cheese in it and he was lactose intolerant. They went ahead and made him some fresh pesto without it and threw it on there. Can't beat that.
5	Great food and service.Comparable to the real french bakery in France. (I've been to France twice and had eaten around)I found this little french cafe from yelp and it was worth driving!!!We got fresh squeezed orange juice, croissant, pain de chocolate, raisin danish, and 1 cappuccino and ice coffee.Olivier, who took our order shake ice coffee with milk n sugar as if it was a cocktail. WOW!!He served the drinks with attention and it was almost artistic.All of the drinks and food were AMAZING.My mom was really happy to see the little straw art.Olivier is french and I enjoyed a little french conversation with him.He was really really sweet.I had an amazing breakfast there.I am sooooo going back next time I go to Vegas.Please open one in LA?lolMerci beaucoup.
3	The food is good but It's a little pricy for my taste.  There was also a long wait when I went and all the seats were taken.
5	This is one of the best cafes I have visited across the nation.  Great coffee and great food!.  Everything is made in-house, and they strive to please.  The owner works here himself and he and his staff are a very happy crew offering up excellent customer service and a unique experience.
5	While visiting in Las Vegas, friends and I stopped by for lunch last week.  The Baguette Cafe is terrific!  I had a moist quiche with flaky crust, alongside the most fulfilling carrot soup I have ever eaten.  We shared an assortment of great, fresh salads.  And, since it was the end of the week we celebrated with a slice of both the pear tart and the chocolate tart.  They were better than what you would hope to get at most high-end restaurants.  Did not mind it being in a business park.  It was relaxing to sit and talk, seated on the outside covered terrace.  It's great to have good, healthy, fresh-made choices for lunch!
5	Let's keep this simple.....This place is very well hidden in a business complex it is a maze to get there. But, it's well worth it.They have great food and service. One of the sandwich that i tried was the bleu brie chicken. And it was Mmmm..delicious!!! (I absolutely love).
4	Took my family for Quatorze Julliet and we tried everything...we will definately be back. Vive le France!
5	I went twice this week (once for breakfast, once for lunch) just to confirm what I thought after my first visit. There are few words to really grasp how great this place is. Sublime. It is sublime. Baguette Cafe is the definition of 5 stars. It is the pinnacle of what such a place should be. I went in hoping for a decent cup of coffee and my expectations were happily surpassed. For breakfast, I had the traditional quiche lorraine and a cappuccino. The cappuccino was superb. To add sugar or anything else to it would be a crime. The quiche was a fantastic balance of flavor with a crisp, light crust on the bottom. My boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich, tea, and juice. His only issue was wishing the size of his tea was switched with the size of his juice. The tea was tropical green tea and it was very tasty as well.For lunch, I had the Jerusalem artichoke soup, a blueberry muffin, and another cappuccino. My feelings on the cappuccino are clear. The soup was up to par with the rest of the food I had experienced. The soup was satiny and fresh. A spoonful delicately coated my mouth with a creamy deliciousness. The muffin was tender and sweet while not crumbly or overpowering. There was no shortage of blueberries either which is often a problem I experience with muffins. The cup of soup, muffin, and drink proved to be quite a satisfying lunch.I haven't even gotten to Olivier. He's the proprietor of the establishment and greets every customer with a warm, sincerity that I wish was seen at every business. During breakfast, he knew the name and order of every customer who came in. He was attentive without being intrusive and it's clear he takes great pride in every detail of his business.At lunch, every single person sitting around me and those who walked in said it was one of, if not THE most fantastic place they had ever eaten. One gentleman said it was the best food in Vegas and I might be inclined to agree. You won't run across this place on the street though. It's at the back of a business complex, but it is worth the trip from wherever you live. The only bummer, they are only open 7-5, M-F. I did overhear Olivier saying they might try a Saturday if they get a solid enough business outside the employees of the surrounding buildings.This is not a fast food place even though you get your food pretty fast. It's as though it exists outside regular time. When I eat there, I savor every bite and it reminds me to take time out for myself to appreciate the world around me. Seriously, this place is amazing. GO. NOW.
4	Went there for lunch, greeted by owner who tried to learn everyone's names that came in.  Ordered white onion soup and chipotle chicken sandwich, cheap and amazing, even had leftovers to bring home for later. Highly recommend. Unfortunately not open on the weekends.
4	I had the onion soup with the eggplant panini and it was great. Will try this place again
5	Illy coffee and nice people!  That's all I can say.  And first time with a complementary croissant like thing.  Very good.  Definitely on my list.  Trying real food next time!
5	I can see why this place gets great reviews. From the moment I arrived I was treated as a friend by the staff. When the server found out it was my first trip to the Cafe they gave me a quick run down on the menu and the daily specials. They were very helpful. I had the turkey baguette, side salad, iced tea. They all were very fresh and tasted great. The prices  were very reasonable. The service was quick. This is definitely going to be a regular stop for lunch. I can't wait to try some of the other items on the menu.
5	I have been here at least 25 times. I am always happy with the food and the service. Olivier is so nice and he always greets you and tells you all the specials. I love going to a small privately owned anything. i like to support small businesses. Please do not miss this hidden gem. I could eat the Chipoltle Chicken sandwich every day.
5	So very delicious! The only improvement they can make is to stay open for dinner and on the weekends! I had the chicken sandwich last week and have literally been dreaming about it ever since. The baguette, the cheese, the tomatoes, the pesto! I am in love.
5	My favorite place in the entire world.There is NOTHING on the menu that isn't incredible; I'm not kidding you.My personal favorite is the Chicken Curry Panini.  When I'm watching my carb intake (cough), I'm a huge fan of the Prosciutto Salad.All of the pastries are baked in-house each morning by the owners, and I simply cannot resist a banana or strawberry muffin if they're available.  The quiche Lorraine is my favorite of the quiches, but Olivier usually switches up the type of quiche prepared every few days; keeps things interesting, you know?The cherry on top of this entire deal is the fact that only Illy coffee and espresso is served.The owner, Olivier, and his entire staff and family are the sweetest, most personable people on the planet.   Even if the food wasn't orgasmic, I'd come back just for the service.
5	Thank you fellow Yelpers, for this find.  I don't think I would  have stopped here if it weren't for all of the other great reviews, but I am so happy I did.  My chicken pesto panini was delicious and the service was great.
4	Pesto was super fresh and the ciabatta bread was how it should be, soft yet crunchy. Try the Onion soup; delicious and surprisingly vegetarian!
5	Love! I've tried both the Quiche du jour and the omlette panini. Everything is made fresh, and the pastry case looks delish. It is reasonably priced and the customer service excellent! The owner Oliver was nothing but hospitable and warm. (side note: Its hard to see off of Sunset, you have to drive past some executive buildings)
5	To quote Oliver Twist, please sir, may I have some more?  All I can really say about this place is wow.  The food here was as good if not better than a lot of the food I had while I was in France recently.  Breakfast here yesterday was a treat, especially as Oliver was pulling fresh bread out of the oven while I was standing there.  I had the pain au chocolate, and it was superb to say the least.  The chocolate inside was spread evenly throughout, and it was sweet but not too sweet.  The pastry was what you dream pastry should be like, light, fluffy, flaky and full of flavorful.  Every bite was a mouthful of deliciousness.  I also tried their quiche Lorraine, which was wonderful as well.  It was not heavy nor dense, and the flavors all came through wonderfully.I am so happy that I discovered this place near my new place, and I know that this place is now my go to breakfast spot.And a note for all you soon to be first-timers, it's located in the back of the office complex if you enter of Sunset Rd, so don't be worried that you don't see it straight away, just go around the buildings and you'll see it tucked away in the back.  It might be easier if you're coming from east of there to come in off Raphael Riviera, as there's a driveway entrance located right next to the cafe.
5	GOD why can't there be more than one of these in town? I mean I love how personal this cafe is, but I desire its food more frequently than I am able to drive 30 minutes for it.Not their fault. Baguette Cafe is the best place to eat a sandwich in Las Vegas. The Bleu Brie is just silly. I love eating cambozola on a sandwich. I love that you can tell the chicken has been carefully herb roasted. I love that the bread is both crusty and soft. I love that they add things like chopped walnuts and celery to melt in with the cheese. I love that you are served a cute little salad to eat after your sandwich. The coffee is good and prepared well. The employees are very personable, helpful, and proud of the food they prepare. They will call you by name.There is nothing I love more than high-quality food and excellent customer service. Come here and bring those you wish to impress.
4	Had a couple sandwiches a couple of weeks ago and really enjoyed them. The only thing I would've changed is making them a little larger :) Great customer service as well.
1	What a joke! I had high hopes when I saw the Illy sign and read the menu...what a let down. The service and food were both horrible. I had a sandwich from the specials menu...a Pesto chicken sandwich; for starters it took too long to get the food...broiled pre-cooked chicken, plastic bag puree avocado, flavorless bread! If this place was in SF it would fail---but that's true for most places in Vegas---what passes for food here is a joke. Oh and before you say I don't understand French cuisine....I'm half French, half Italian, and travel to Europe every other year for the past 12 years.
5	I had 4 hours to kill before my flight out of Vegas, and turned to yelp to pass the time. Found this place, and I'm damn glad I did. The owner was the nicest business owner I've ever met, he truly cares about his business, and his customers. The single drawback that I can think of, is that I live 3K miles away, and will think of this damn place everytime I have a sandwich. All the other reviews were dead on... This place is absolutely amazing. I had the Pesto Chicken, and my gf had the Chipolte chicken...we got the Turkey to go. I'm going to have to say that the chipolte chicken was my favorite out of the three...but they all kicked ass. I even got myself i sandwich to go (I have a 5 hour flight home in two hours).I loved this place, it was absolutely the best meal I had my entire weeklong visit to Vegas. I absolutely hope this guy gets filthy rich off of this place. It really is that good
1	I'm not sure what everyone is smoking out in vegas - but this place is not a 5-star cafe.  It's truly like any other starbucks I've been in - just with less comfortable chairs, slower service, and a smaller menu.  I drove out here in my rental to check it out - usually yelp is reliable - not sure what happened here.  Don't waste your time here - it's NOTHING SPECIAL.
3	Too much hype.  I was so excited to come here as it's not open on the weekend and it's rare that I am free during the weekdays during lunch hours.  I wanted to try their soup but the soups were not available yet and they offered to sell me yesterday's soup.  Yeah, you heard me right yesterday's soup.  I politely declined but in my mind I said to myself *&^@#$!  That sounds gross.  If I am paying good money for something, I don't want yesterday's scraps.   Anyways, I got the chicken pesto sandwich and my hubby got the blue brie with chicken sandwich.  My sandwich was terrible.  The flavors didn't match and I couldn't even finish it.  Highly disappointed and their Chai Tea was nothing special (it was kinda watery, or maybe I'm just used to Sambalatte).  However, I'm giving this place 3 stars because my hubby's sandwich was very good.  The flavors were well balanced and it just works.  Would I come back here again?  Probably not.
5	tank you  for the time you must past to make soo good soups and sandwiches.tanks again
4	This place was pretty good!! I always drive by it on my way to work and finally, I decided to grab lunch here. Only a couple of people on the line, which was good. The cashier, which i think might be the owner was very nice and friendly, which was nice. I ordered an eggplant panini with chicken (no sauce). My boyfriend ordered the prosciutto salad.My panini was great! The ingredients were super fresh. It came with a mini side salad which was yummy. My boyfriend's salad was also very good. The dressing was a little thick but the flavor was delicious. The meat, mozzarella cheese, lettuce, and dressing combo was great. Only thing is we don't really like pesto and there was a lot of it on the mozzarella cheese. We'll ask for no pesto next time. My boyfriend also got a peanut butter/chocolate chip cookie which he loved. A couple of things I didn't like - there wasn't too much seating inside, so we got stuck sitting outside and Vegas in the middle of the day outside isn't the most comfortable lunch setting. I couldn't fully enjoy my meal because I wanted to just get out of that sun asap!!  Another thing is, I wish they had more drink options!! But those things were not a big deal. Overall, it was a good lunch place and I would def go there again.
5	This is my favorite lunch place.  The food is freshly made and yummy.  I feel good after eating there because the food is even good for you!  The mushroom soup and the "berry white" latte are my favorite things so far but it is all so good it's hard to pick favorites.
5	Olivier runs a great business.  He knows healthy food inside and out.  He made me fresh hemp milk for my decaf cap.  Vegetarian chipotle sandwich was amazing.  Soup is over the top.  He's from the south of france and his family is in the restaurant business, this man knows his customers names, is funny and his team is super friendly.  I hope this expands!
5	Just like the greatest gifts, this was a review I was hesitant to share with others since a part of me wanted to keep it for myself!  Having read all the stellar reviews, I had to see for myself if this was truly the cat's pajamas.  I currently live in Henderson and given that I usually have to go into the office at 8AM, I got up an extra half hour early just so I could make the trek across town to check out this oasis of French bakery nirvana hidden within a sterile collection of office buildings.  Upon walking in, I was momentarily levitated by the smells of fresh baked croissants and Illy coffee much like those 80s cartoons where the streams of smoke coming from a pie or turkey physically grabbed one's nose and dragged them over to the prize.  The folks working behind the counter include a charming young Frenchman appropriately named Olivier along with his mother, a retired pastry chef in France brought out of retirement to help his son run the business over the past few years.  My primary objective was to sample the pain au chocolate (chocolate croissant) but I found out from Olivier that they typically are not ready until about 830 since they require a different temperature to bake in their limited ovens.  That kind of attention to detail sold me to the fact that these were true artisans (In the words of Ron Burgundy to Baxter upon finding out he pooped in the refrigerator...."Heck, I'm not even mad....that's amazing!) I happily opted instead to sample their regular croissant combined with spinach, egg, swiss cheese, sundried tomato pesto, and black forest ham accompanied by a regular cup of Illy coffee (although the Almond roca mocha will be tops on my list for my return visit).  Having had memorable croissants made by bakers trained in France in Seattle, Portland, and San Francisco, I must say this one holds up.   Irresistibly flaky, one should best lean forward when biting into this paragon of buttery perfection at the risk of scattering croissant confetti all over one's clothes.  Throw in a rich dark brew of Illy coffee and pleasant conversation with Olivier (I found out he will occasionally brew his own hemp milk for the customers, which apparently has all sorts of health benefits and is very delicious.....how unbelievably cool is that?), and you're well on your way to starting your day on a an impossible high.  I am literally contemplating moving to the SW part of town just so that this place can be a regular morning pit stop en route to work...crazy, right?  It's that good.
5	It's true, Baguette Cafe is amazing. Organic products, freshly baked goods, and great service. I wish I worked in this office complex so that I can come here more often. But alas, I come here only when I wake up early enough on the way to work (actually more like 10 minutes out of the way). Just an FYI, the best way to get there, if you are going west on 215, is to exit Buffalo and take Raphael Rivera.
1	So after posting my review - Olivier writes me - not asking why my experience was the way it was - or how to improve his cafe - but simply expressed himself like an arrogant, elitist, pretentious - well, French guy.  He then went on to question my ability to differentiate excellent food from crap - I believe his analogy implied that I could not recognize a diet pepsi from a cab sav.  Sorry Oivier - I'm not a "frustrated want to be foodie" as you wrote, or the jealous competition.  I don't claim to be a foodie, nor do I aspire to be one.  I'm a simple guy - who enjoys nice things, good food, atmosphere, and company.  I've dined at a handful of Michelin rated restaurants, and enjoy the local hole-in-the-wall establishments around town.  I am not trying to diminish anyone's livelihood - as I understand the owner should take pride in his establishment.  But I also truly feel that Baguette Cafe does not deserve a 4-5 star review.  I went out of my way to try the food here simply because of the high rating - and I feel this was extremely deceiving.  Everyone's palate is different, but I think I have a pretty good gauge on what tastes good, and what doesn't.  Olivier - you don't have to convince everyone that walks in how great your food is by telling them pretentiously to their face -  let them decide on their own.  Good luck!
5	Wonderful litte cafe! Great service and food. I had the brie and blue cheese chicken sandwich which was amazing; the combo of brie, apples, blue cheese and walnuts was inspired. My mom had the quiche it was light fluffy and perfectly seasoned. We got a few pastries Togo that were a delightful treat. Highly recommend the peach smoothies as well, just the right amount of sweet. I can see why all helper seem to love this place!
1	At best, one can call this place a pedestrian joint.  I'd give this cafe three stars for the not-so-bad-not-so-memorable food and service, but the tacky comeback from the owner on yelp is off putting enough to justify docking two points off my rating.
4	With all the awesome reviews, had to try it.Yum!I went with a simple panini.  Having buyer's remorse.  I'm going to go back and up the ante on my next order.
5	Came for lunch after Hot Pilates. We were impressed with the authentic French food. Portion sizes were fair, nice mild flavors indicative of French food.  Mama likes!!!  Please check all the other positive reviews before caving in on the "2" negatives (which seem like one hater and one friend of the competition)  Honestly, you give 1 star if food sucks, service sucks, the place was trashy and so forth.  Give this place a try, most of us LOVE it. And I am sure real Yelpers would never try to ruin business for a company because we didn't have our butts kissed then massaged while being comped a meal!  The real Yelpers have spoken, and it appears Baguette Cafe IS a winner.  Oliver, can I get a free torte for this review?;-)
5	This place is a real treat. Have been twice now after I read about them on Yelp. Their chocolate croissant is ahhhhmazing! The Caramel Macchiato....simply yummy. Service is great, though they do take their time. Second time had the Quiche because an office bought all the chocolate croissants (insert sad face) and it was delish. I'll definitely be going back. Often.
5	I forgot to check in yesterday. I eat here more than any other place in Vegas. So good. And now that winter is coming they have daily homemade soup. Don't miss this for lunch!
5	Olivier, you are awesome! Why? Well, let's see. First, you are a beautiful person with a real affection for your guests and a dedication to your art. OK, now that I've fallen all over myself, let's get down to some facts:Tomato-red bell pepper soup w/ mascarpone:Creamy with bright fresh tomato flavors, flecks of fresh parsley in it so you get sudden bursts of parsley flavor. Wow!Brie sandwich:Chicken, walnuts, brie, celery, and apples are featured in this. I was expecting a fancy version of American chicken salad. No way! Ingredients are lightly grilled together, and pressed into a panini. An unexpected and delicious combination, especially with the added crunch of the celery.Chicken curry:Lightly roasted bell peppers are pressed in to this panini to make it much better than the typical curry.Illy cafe':Served in a preheated (with hot water) mug! The caring really shows! Peanut butter chocolate chip cookie:Good Lord, the thing must have been an inch thick. True flavors of peanuts and chocolate, the best ever!So, an easy 5!
5	Wow!! The food was amazing!! Thank you Oliver, you made us feel welcome and it was worth driving from Henderson to eat there.  I had the vegetarian quiche and my boyfriend had the quiche Lorraine...both were superb! The hot chocolate was so velvety and the perfect amount of sweetness.  We took our pain au  chocolat to go because we were pretty full...oh goodness...when we ate it at home later that morning it made me want to move to that side of town!! I hope you do start opening at least one day during the weekend so we don't have to take days off to come eat there...Or I'm going to run out of vacation days soon!!!
5	Everything in this shop is delicious!
4	First time, I had a couple sandwiches there to try, I thought they were ok but wanted to come back and try breakfast items. At the time, my parents were in town and I thought this would be perfect place to take them out for breakfast. I love how cozy this place is and super friendly owner! I had the breakfast combo which was egg omelet bacon panini, OJ and coffee. My dad had croissant and large coffee, mom had a huge portion of curry chicken quiche that she couldn't finish (my mom is tiny person, 4'9" and 80 lbs! but she loves to eat, wonder where I get that from!) so we all shared our food, of course. The panini was not too bad, probably would order something else next time. Croissant, fresh out of oven, was delicious. Curry chicken quiche.. yummy! Seasoning was right on spot. The pricing for all of us was under $16 I believe. My dad originally wanted to eat at one of those buffet on the strip and it was $15 per person for breakfast (but meh, I'm not a fan of buffets). Glad I took them to this place instead, my parents were pleased!
4	I had to try it after seeing all the great reviews on yelp. Oliver was incredibly nice and the food was fresh out of the oven.I only had a blueberry muffin and and a vanilla frap but both were excellent.
5	This place has to be hands down my favorite neighborhood spot. My favorite has to be the chicken pesto sandwich is delightful. It's filled with mozzarella, avocado, and sun dried tomato pesto. The staff is super friendly too!  Olivier always remembers me and my brothers when we go in. It's always a great experience when I go
5	Came at 1230p. Wasn't too crazy. Tried the prosciutto salad and Brie panini. Amazing. 5 star. On par with sf and NYC. Owner is very nice. Good food. good prices.
5	This place is AWESOME! Recommended to me by a regular at my work. I am a VERY picky eater. I can only eat certain things. I have a very low tolerance to preservatives and so my diet is tailored to that. Because of this I rarely eat out. I finally found a place I can go to! Thanks Olivier! Their soups (made from scratch daily) are out of this world. Their salads might not look like much but by the time you're finished with one you're stuffed. Their sandwiches and paninis are to die for. All in all if you can appreciate simple, fresh food that isn't over seasoned and over processed, check this place out!
5	I've come here on several occasion for breakfast and lunch. I've had almost everything on their menu as well as their iced and hot coffees. Everything is delicious and reasonably priced. Tthe owner is also very friendly. Indoor and outdoor seating is also available.
3	I don't know if it was an off day for them or what but the service was not stellar and the food was just "okay." When my mom and I arrived they were not busy at all. We ordered two lattes, two sandwiches, soup and a slice of quiche Lorriane. A few minutes later they had a semi-large group come in and the waiting began.After about 15 minutes brought us our quiche and soup. The quiche was sort of lukewarm, had far too many onions and the crust was tough. After another 15 minutes of wondering where the rest of our food was they brought the sandwiches. I do not believe they served me the right one, but by now I was a bit resigned. My mom told me the shrimp bisque she ordered was okay but that she did not like the curry flavor it had ... by now we are 3/4 done with our meal and the coffee is no where in evidence. I went back up to counter and politely inquired about it. The young lady blinked at me then the "oh no" face appeared. She said she would get that to us next. About 15 minutes later we are done with our food and finally the coffee arrives. We are ready to leave, so I have to walk back up to the counter and a finally get a young man to give us take out cups.Since this place is far away from both my work and home it would have to be a special trip if I were to go back. I may have to try it again but it is not on the top of my list with all the other choices out there.
3	I was sick and really wanted some soup so I tried this place and it was ok.
5	A day off on a Tuesday, which means I can FINALLY try Baguette Cafe...I have been looking forward to try this cafe for the longest time!!When we arrived, Olivier took the time to explain to us the menu and answered any questions that we have.  He is one of the friendliest and most hospitable owner I have ever encountered.  Olivier and the staff provided exceptional service.I went with a heavenly cup of cream of potato infused w prosciutto ham and truffle oil and a delectable 1/2 a brie chicken pannini.  My boyfriend had the hearty quiche, which came with a side of refreshing salad.  We went with the 24 oz green tea infused with citrus, in which we intended to share, but were pleasantly surprise that staff had divided the tea into two smaller cups, with lovely curly straw wrapper around the straw.  Ok, some of you might say "who cares" for the curly straw wrapper, but let me tell you...it was simple yet intricate, portrays how detailed, innovative and creative the team at Baguette Cafe is.  After seeing that creativity, sipping the tea was truly an "aaahhhaaa" moment.  My goodness it was so refreshingly yummy, even w/o sugar!Knowing that I will be full on lunch, I asked for the chocolate torte to-go, and Olivier made sure that I am not to pick it up until I am ready to leave because it should be refrigerated until ready to be consumed.  Another instance to show how much Olivier care about his customer...food/dessert at the right temperature, right texture, so that they be at their best when eaten.  I was debating between the chocolate au pain crossaint and the chocolate torte, but right when Olivier said that the chocolate torte is the prefer choice for the chocolate connoisseur, I had to pick that dessert.   My plan was to taste a bit of it when I get home and save it for later, but those bits added up and next thing you know, I devoured it along with the chocolate au pain crossaint (that's right, after seeing my big googly eyes staring down the crossaint and the torte, finally choosing the latter, Olivier surprised me with the crossaint).I will be back to try many other items on the menu.  Awesome food, Awesome owner, Awesome staff =5 Stars!  Highly recommend!  PS.  Hopefully Olivier will open Baguette Cafe on Saturday soon *fingers crossed*
5	Dear Baguette Cafe & Olivier, thank you for being my morning sunshine that brightened my day!  After a rough day and a less than stellar dinner experience yesterday I needed a pleasant change of pace.  What better time to make the pilgrimage to the yelp promised land, aka Baguette Cafe, for my inaugural visit?My phone GPS was confused on how to get me to their location.  The easiest way to go is to take the 215 to Buffalo, then head west on the feeder road, Raphael Rivera Way.  BC will be on your right before you reach Durango.  If you are approaching from Sunset, take your 2nd right and head all the way to the back of the office park until you reach the last building facing the 215.After careful consideration, I opted for their infamous Quiche Lorraine, vegetarian quiche (he had me at goat cheese), and a cup of their white chocolate mocha as a to go order.  He next asked if I would like the quiche warmed or if I planned to eat it later.  When I explained I wouldn't be eating it immediately, he thoughtfully explained that he didn't want to heat it for me to preserve as much moisture as possible, so that I would enjoy it more.  I was overcome with giddy excitement when he asked, "Would you like some marshmallow infused whipped cream?"  Would I??  Why yyyy-y-y-yes, I would love a smore-gasm!  I felt like I had just taken a little, momentary vacation to a Parisian cafe from the level of attentiveness and kindness Olivier spoiled me with on my very first visit.  I'm not a regular yet, but I will be.  When I finally got around to heating and eating my quiche, I was treated to a fresh & fluffy little slice of heaven chocked full of carefully hand chopped fresh ingredients.  With every bite I could taste the careful consideration and quality BC put into the dish.  For a mini stay-cation, even if it is only for a few minutes, get yourself over to Baguette Cafe.  It's worth all the hype and then some!
5	Chocolate croissant was fluffy, light, and delicious. I could eat 60 or 70 of those...Coffe was delicious as well.Very friendly service. Very clean place. A little tough to find, but there's a map in the Yelp photos. Directions: Basically, go to where you GPS takes you, but head straight to the back center of the parking lot. When you are by the highway, you are very close...
4	Great lunch spot. Friendly kind service.  Tasty sandwiches and really tasty desserts!
5	Great food, friendly service, nice outdoor seating area. What more can you want?A little out of the way and hidden in a professional plaza, but well worth it whenever I am nearby.
5	I want to thank the French for three things: Pastries, Food and Fashion. The first of which landed right here in Las Vegas. I just found Las Vegas's signature pastry here at Baguette Cafe. It's the strawberry muffin. I'm only writing this review as a plea to keep the seasonal strawberry muffin permanent. PLEEEEAAAASE make it a permanent item! McRib people can understand this plea. I'm kind of a pastry fanatic. I appreciate the level of preciseness that comes with pastries as my wife is quite the baker. So when it's holidays time, we jumped at the idea of ordering 2 dozens of these strawberry goodness.If you like strawberry shortcake, just imagine this to be 10x better. My one knock of this place is that the service is incredibly slow. But if you're not in a rush, you're in for quite a treat.
5	LOVE this place.  I've said it before and I'll say it again.  The people here are the nicest, they serve great food, and nothing beats their VEGAN Paninis.  Any herbivore or omnivore should try it!  Savory and amazing.
5	I felt the need to update my review. I recently had a baby who happens to be dairy/soy intolerant, and caffeine seems to make her super fussy. Needless to say my coffee consumption as of late has been less than satisfying. I met a friend here the other day, more for her benefit and asked Olivier if they had any non-dairy or soy options, expecting him to say no. He advised that he could make any of their drinks with almond milk. I almost did a dance right there in the shop! I ordered a decaf caramel macchiato and it was oh so devine. They can be a little slow, so I wouldn't go there if I was in a hurry, but it's well worth the wait.
5	I absolutely love this place. This has become my favorite place to grab a sandwich and soup. First off, my favorite sandwiches are the Blue Brie and Chiptole! They are delicious. I recommend both. The soups are amazing. I'm pretty sure their homemade. I've tried all their creamy soups and have loved them all. The breakfast panini is good too when it's too early for lunch. Their iced tea is organic and I always stick with the green tea. They have illy coffee and illy raw sugar. The only downside is it's kinda small so when it's crowded it can be hard to find a table and it's definitely becoming too cold to sit outside. Sometimes it can take a bit to get your food during the lunch hour because the surrounding office people come in and it gets crowded fast but it's nothing that doesn't keep me from coming back. The owner, Olivier, is very nice and knows a lot of the customers' names. Mine included. You won't be disappointed! :)
5	Fairly hard to find this place.. Their A-Frame sign placed a few feet away from the street helped a bit.. A few visits now and this is what I've had:Cream of Celery Root: Not watery, Not thick, Just Right.. Super Fresh and Very soothing! Cream of Split Pea: a little thicker in conistency, another straight, simple, fresh approach with the ingredients. Nice!* Soups change on a daily basis.. "Cream of.."Croissant with omelet and bacon: Airy and Flaky croissant, thin egg omelet, meaty bacon, The Turkey Sandwich: Simple, Clean and Healthy Turkey Sand.. Local Fresh Ingredients makes the difference!Chocolate Croissant: Croissant itself one of the Best I've had! Unmatched combination of butteriness, softness and flakiness. The chocolate stuffing wasn't sweet nor bitter but just right.Illy Coffee: I don't drink coffee much but this had a distinct flavor and had a bit of bitter bite to it. Different from Starbucks and Coffee Bean in comparison.Funky Monkey: Delicious, Refreshing and a little different in a banana way?!.. * Got to meet the owner (Oliver), he was working the cashier at the time. I asked him to suggest a popular item to have for a first timer.. He had plenty to say but what stayed with me was how he stressed the natural and fresh ingredients they use, unlike other places..(local, picked themselves). Very Friendly guy including the rest of the staff! Cool spot, we could use more of these places in Vegas!!
5	I have seen the sign when driving on the 215 and after stumbling on the reviews on Yelp, I tried it today. It was awesome. I had their daily special chicken curry (hold the chicken since I am a vegetarian). They substituted eggplant, red bell peppers and zucchini for the chicken and it was absolutely delicious. The bread was perfection and they warmed it just right, the cheese (mozzarella - I think), was wonderful in every bite. I can't wait to go back and try more.
5	Baguette Cafe is an awesome casual cafe. The owner, Olivier is very friendly and fun to talk to. I go there whenever I am on that side of town. I call it my "treat". Their soups are simply wonderful as are their Panninis.
5	I made it! I FINALLY MADE IT! I had been waiting months to try out Baguette Cafe, literally months. I work in the northeast part of town and since they're not open on the weekends I just thought it wasn't meant to be. Finally, work brought me to this side of town, two days in a row and I have never been more overjoyed to get up before 7am. Baguette Cafe's almost perfect ratings speak for themselves, but it was so refreshing to experience that level of customer service and quality food in one sitting! I really felt special while dining here and will echo other reviews by saying that I would consider moving to the southwest just to be closer!The first day I went, I was helped by Shelby-incredibly nice-who recommended the croissant panini for breakfast. Instead of just plain old scrambled eggs, the egg portion of the sandwich came in omelet form. I was hesitant because I am not a fan of omelets in any way shape or form-I'm particular about eggs and really hate them scrambled, but I put myself in the hands of Baguette Cafe and wasn't let down. The egg wasn't overpowering and served as a canvas for the rest of the flavors of the sandwich. The croissant-my goodness that croissant-was so deliciously buttery and flaky, but surprisingly not greasy in hot sandwich form. The omelet I think had spinach and cheese in it and the croissant had a tasty pesto on it that brought everything together really well. Wait, there's more! I ordered mine with bacon (because when am I not ordering bacon on something?) and it rounded out the buttery croissant, punchy pesto and creaminess of the eggs with just the right amount of saltiness. It wasn't overcooked and not soggy either-just like Baby Bear's porridge, it was just right! The sandwich came with a friendly side salad with a simple dressing and a yummy slice of tomato.Did I really just spend two paragraphs talking about a breakfast sandwich? It's a two-paragraph kind of sandwich. It's the kind of sandwich that you get out of bed for. And oh man am I glad I did.Also ordered was a large coffee which was recession priced at a little over $2 and it's Illy coffee! The cup was so enormous I was sure they'd poured an entire pot just for that mug. To think that I've frequently paid the same price for a lesser amount of burnt, offensive coffee at the Bux.....The next day I went back (why wouldn't I) and was helped by Olivier, also genuinely nice and ordered the vegetable quiche which I believe had a touch of curry in it? I don't know, but it was a wonderful change up from my usual quiche lorraine. I cannot comment enough on the exemplary customer service here. This truly a family-run business and it's reflected in the  personalized experience you'll get here. In the age of supersized portions, fusion flavors and over the top presentation, there's something to be said about a place that serves the basics without pretense, without over the top showmanship and lets the food truly speak for itself. Don't take my word for it-if you have to, take a ditch day and get to Baguette Cafe as soon as you can!
5	I'm always looking for a non chain cafe that doesn't feel like i'm in Vegas and this is it. The man who owns it is super friendly and his staff is equally as nice and helpful. The paninis my husband and I had to be some of the best. We will be returning!
5	Wonderful food. Everything seemed fresh. The owner was very friendly and personable. The PEAR TART ROCKED!!!We were in Vegas from out of town and found this gem through YELP. Thanks yelpers!Our GPS had us find this place from the Sunset side instead of the other side (freeway frontage road) so don't give up if you can't find it straight away. It's well worth the effort to find this place.EXCELLENT PLACE!!
5	So good!It's in a weird location, in the middle of medical buildings and stuff. Anyway..on to the food!Cream of cauliflower soup - really smooth and yummy, but they garnished it with cilantro...yea I'm one of those people that thinks it tastes like soap. Chicken pesto sandwich - nothing special Roasted vegetable quiche - delicious! nice flaky crust Tuna sandwich - one of the best tuna salad sandwiches I've had! They put thin slices of hard boiled egg, which was a nice surprise. It's on a baguette bun that's nice and crispy. The staff is very friendly! The guy at the register jokingly read everyone's totals in francs and pesos, which could be seen as corny/lame, but you gotta give him credit for doing it through the entire lunch hour! He also took the time to explain the menu to us since it was our first time. I wish I had tried one of the desserts! The pear tart looked so good...mmmm
4	Great place to eat the food is absolutely delicious...
5	We stopped by yesterday for a super late lunch for Earl, and a lunch pt. 2 for myself.  We arrived at 4:15 ish and luckily, there was an open table for us.We ordered the following:A bowl of Shrimp Bisque -  unfortunately the cafe only had enough for 1 cup, but they quickly offerred a cup of cauliflower soup on top of the cup of shrimp bisque, for the price of a bowl.  Win-Win situation here because both were lovely. A chicken curry quiche - Taste like chicken curry.. yum yumEggplant, Prosciutto, tomato pesto and mozzarella Pannini - First off, let me tell you that I was only planning to have a bite of this since my molar isn't doing so well, as in a root canal procedure may be involved type of pain.  However, I ended up finish half of the pannini because it was so AMAZING!  The combination works so well together.  We were so late in the day that only a few muffin and cookies were left.  I was hoping to take a chocolate torte and pain au chocolate to go...aahh, next time.Yum Yum Yum.
5	While visiting tried this place completely off the strip, best decision I underestimated this place when I arrived. It has a panera feel and its almost same concept. I had the chipotle avocado chicken sandwich and could say it was off the hook.  Also tried some bacon, ham qiche....dont know if thats how tou spell it, anyways that was my first and it was delicious. Food portions are good and filling, although at first it doesnt seem like it.
4	if you're staying near the strip, baguette cafe can be a little bit of a drive...especially bc there's a lot of construction going on and you WILL get lost...even with a nav...give yourself about 45 minutes or so to get to the restaurant...that being said, you will not be disappointed...chicken panini, celery root soup, and toasted baguettehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hIUKufhwR6Ifn7bi0-phLA?select=N_KsuGRY32M3FQg9f3ToGAchicken panini with chipotle saucehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hIUKufhwR6Ifn7bi0-phLA?select=REXaEwWwSSxtp44mGvmNMQcelery root souphttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hIUKufhwR6Ifn7bi0-phLA?select=VfiJkKgaJL9cTLgEf5oFMAthe sandwich and soup were delicious...the only reason baguette cafe doesn't get a fifth star is bc the service can be a bit slow even when they are not that busy...it probably took at least 30 minutes for everything to come out..i would still go back for the food...and to hear olivier (the owner) talk in his french accent...
5	Great little spot, out of the way off the freeway. Worth giving it a shot. Hard to go if you dont work in the area. Tried the tuna sandwich based on the reviews here, wasnt too impressed, but it was still good.  Chicken pesto warm sandwich was very good. Winter soup, amazing. Illy coffee, fantastic. Service, the best.
5	When you couple great service with wholesome, nourishing food, you seem to find yourself at the Baguette Cafe...at least, that was the case when I visited. I had always been meaning to try the Baguette Cafe for months, but finally made it up here after running random errands around the city. The hype, unlike most places, is well-deserved.Right when I walked in, the place was full to capacity - tables occupied inside and out, a line forming all the way to the door. Luckily, this allowed me to sort out my indecisions, and decided upon a tea and the Eggplant panini. Not only are the other fellow patrons incredibly nice (as found out through enduring a line together), but Olivier is perhaps one of the sweetest, most charming men. Joking around, offering suggestions, and making small talk even when there are five people behind me, he makes you feel right at home, and treats you as a patron rather than another order. Sitting outside, I was brought my tea by Oliver and panini accompanied by a small salad later on by another staff member. The panini was so simple, yet so immensely satisfying. Eggplant, mozzarella, and marinara sauce on bread - even though I could count the ingredients on one hand, it tasted phenomenal. You could taste the love that went into such a simple sandwich The salad was a nice sidekick, playing the role of added nutrition to all the carbs I was about to ingest. After my meal, Olivier really showed his gregariousness. Wrapping up my leftovers, he asked how the meal went and other various questions. But what impressed me the most was adding in another packet of the green tea I had ordered as well as being so friendly and relaxed despite being in the midst of a rush. Honestly, Baguette Cafe is the sort of place I could sit at for hours, staring at the nearby mountain range - throw in some more delicious food and a cup of tea, and I'd be perfectly content. The savory side of the menu was impressive, and only leaves me with an excuse to visit again to try all of the sweeter goods.
4	I found this cafe from yelp and decided to try it since everyone gave it really high value online. This place is 40 mins away from my house and I had high expectation before I visited it. It didn't disappoint me as soon as I walked in. It is a very cute little cafe. All the staffs work here are really friendly with smiles. I told the owner that I am kinda picky about the onion soup and like it less salty. He offered me a small cup so I could try it and see if I liked. It was very nice of him. He also told me chef never put beef stock in soup so it wouldn't taste too salty. After I tried the sample, I liked it a lot.I ordered Prosciutto sandwich, onion soup,seasoned fresh veggie soup, crunchy green salad, Bleu and Brie sandwich and a pear crusted tart. I loved loved their cute presentations. Colorful little soup cups was a plus. Both onion soup and veggie soup were excellent especially the veggie one. I liked the prosciutto sandwich better than bleu and brie one. And the pear crusted tart was the bomb! I was really fulled after eating my sandwich and soup. However I still wanted to tried their deserts since  this place was far from my area. I wasn't sure when I could taste their food again. After my first bite of pear crusted tart, my tummy immediately reserved space for it lol. Owner told me chef put real almonds into the crust, and that was why tart tasted really fresh and tasty. Pear fruits melted in your mouth once you put it in. The only thing I regretted that day was not getting another pear crusted tart to go ugh...  next time I am gonna try their chocolate tart!
5	All the great things that others have said are completely true! Awesome food, nice staff, chill music, cute atmosphere...what's not to like? Bravo Mr. Olivier! C'est si bonne!
4	Finding this place was an adventure in of itself. The prosciutto on baguette was fantastic and worth the drive. Paired with a double espresso it made an excellent brunch and great to find a place that serves Illy. The service was friendly and not intrusive. The owner was quick to make recommendations and to make change the order however. I'll positively be back when in Vegas and hope to have the same experience!
5	You can see the sign from the freeway but unique Vegas is not so easy to find.  Hint reliable GPS Navigation is a bonus.  Even with IMHO good sense of direction, it is not so easy to find.  Run by a crew who seem passionate about what they present to you.  Food was very fresh and a perfect lunch spot for something other than fast food...yuck/again.  Coffee with triple shot and almond and other good stuff was awesome.  Even for a non coffee drinker the flavor is top shelf.  Thanks Oliver for the  the special treat that was so nicely flaky with a touch of chocolate which was found in a brown bag on my way out...lol.  Dad who is hard to please even liked it.
4	Ever feel like you step out of your ordinary boring Vegas life and straight into the street of Paris? Well, thats what you feel when you step into this place. So many hustle bustle and a owner/barrista in Olivier that probably come straight out from Paris cook book.Nice, friendly and absolutely Frenchy. Deliver great service with a smile, food are phenomenal although I prefer my baguette to be just a little bit softer cos it seems that I gotta chew with my jaw a little it. Great Illy coffee with big mug of coffee. My fiancee absolutely love it. What more can I say except.Baguette Cafe J'etaime!
5	If I could eat here for lunch everyday, I would. The Baguette Cafe is a bistro located in a business park on the South West side of Las Vegas. I found it only by their logo peering off their building on the 215 West. Their baguette sandwiches are filling, salads are fresh and their weekly specials keep me coming back for more.
5	So this morning I was craving breakfast...really good breakfast...so I hit my yelp app to find out what is in my local area...hello Baguette Cafe! After reading about 10 or 15 raving reviews I decided I must venture across the street to find this hidden gem...and let me tell you, if you don't live on this side of town, it is TOTALLY worth the trip...Olivier greeted me as he does every single person who walks through the door, asking my name & making me feel as though I had been there a million times before...and today was only my first time...I told him I heard about his place on yelp and he said "we love that website, they have been so good to us"...he explained the menu to me and recommended that I return some time to have lunch (I most definitely will be returning) I had the Spinach/Swiss Omelet with Bacon & sun-dried tomato walnut pesto (of course with bacon because doesn't that make EVERYTHING just that much tastier??) on a croissant...it came with orange juice & my choice of tea, hot chocolate or coffee...since I'm not a coffee drinker (WHAT? I can hear the gasps now, but sadly yes, I've never acquired the taste for that wonderfully smelling bitterness that seems to keep my colleagues running) but just as an FYI - if you haven't read any other reviews - they serve ILLY coffee which apparently is pretty damn good coffee - but I digress - the croissant was so deliciously buttery and flaky & the omelet inside was absolutely perfect...after that amazing little breakfast sandwich I got up and looked at the freshly made tarts that were in the cabinet & he told me that he also had a lemon tart that he was getting ready to cut...and I couldn't help myself but take a slice of that also...let me tell you...if you like the sour of REAL lemon with just a dash of sweetness, this is heaven...and I'm not joking...the crust was flaky...the fresh creme that was put to the side, dusted with cocoa...blew my mind...my tastebuds were singing his praises...There were 4 other people there when I first arrived but within 20 minutes there was a line out the door...to say this place is popular is an understatement...I only wish they were open later (7a-5p, M-F) and that they were open on the weekends...
5	HELLO to THE BEST BREAKFAST PLACE IN VEGAS BY FAR!!!  I am so relieved to have found you, Baguette Cafe.  Quality and choices of dishes are nice, refreshing, and perfect in portion.  Service was stellar...so attentive and friendly.  The coffee...wow!  A perfect cup, aroma and flavor. And as far as the French aspect, I did feel like I was back in Paris in regards to quality of food and ambiance.  Baguette Cafe is a hidden gem...one that I'm looking forward to going back to again and again.
5	I can't believe it took me so long to discover this wonderful place so near my office.  EVERYTHING is wonderful, and very reasonably priced.  Go and you'll be a fan.  It's just too bad it isn't open on the weedend!
5	Very solid sandwich and soup.  It's in the back of a large business park.  Good spot for lunch and has outdoor seating.
5	It doesn't get any better than a croissant from Baguette Cafe.  As everyone has mentioned, Olivier is super friendly and super nice and super adorable and any other complimentary adjective that can follow super, but even if Olivier were a mean troll, I would still frequent this place.  The breakfast sandwich on a croissant (I am partial to the bacon and egg but the ham is good too) is THAT GOOD!The quiche is fantastic too.  One morning I split the quiche and breakfast sandwich but found myself eating more of the croissant.  I've had dreams about this buttery thing.  I digress. . . Since coming here for the first time less than 2 weeks ago, I have made it in twice for breakfast already.  Can't wait to try lunch but the only con about Baguette Cafe is the hours - M-F 7 a.m - 5 p.m.  Wish they were open on a Saturday or Sunday.  And I wish Olivier never slept so that when I show up right at 7 a.m. those yummy looking chocolate croissants would be ready for me to finally try :)Almost forgot to mention: The coffee here is the bomb diggity.
4	This restaurant is in a large office park and only open for breakfast and lunch Monday - Friday. The weather was close to picture perfect so after ordering cups of their house made soup, we settled in at a table on the patio.  Ann's Manhattan clam chowder was chock full of fresh vegetables and bursting with flavor.  My cream of asparagus soup was silky smooth and delicious, but paled in comparison.  The only negative was our soup was not hot enough which I attribute to our server not realizing we had camped out on the patio.  There is little doubt in my mind that we will be returning to try one of their quiches in the not too distant future.
5	I'll make it short and sweet. Three "S", Soup, Sandwich and Service was amazing!Olivier always gives attention to customers.
5	I'm not sure how I haven't written a review about Baguette Cafe. In some ways there's little praise that hasn't been heaped on the culinary wonders that lie in this hidden gem at the back of a business plaza off Sunset road just north of the 215 beltway.My wife well knows my aversion to sandwiches for the evening meal, but the "chipotle" baguette gets a special pass into my tummy at every opportunity. The quality of everything - the chicken, the bread, the aioli could be straight out of a Michelin star restaurant and here you have a solidly sized, artisan sandwich available for little more than the uninspiring fare served up by Subway or Port of Subs.On top of the sandwiches, of which there is a small but exciting selection, there's usually one or two intriguing (and always incredible) soups of the day, and a selection of cookies, pies, tarts, and quiches which mean that even at the thoroughly reasonable prices, I end up racking up quite a bill - but it's money I am glad to pay to fill my fridge with such delightful goodies.The thing that prompted this extremely belated praise of Baguette Cafe was an article in Las Vegas Weekly about "50 Must Eat Meals in Las Vegas". As far as I'm concerned - no trip to Vegas is complete without one of Olivier's baguette creations, perhaps complimented with a generous slice of chocolate tart and washed down with artisan ginger ale. Las Vegas Weekly can keep their steaks from the Riveria and Chicken Fingers from the Crown & Anchor -- When I'm back home in Vegas I know where I'm heading.
5	Merci BC!I finally got to visit BC now that I live 4 miles away! :) My bestie Jenny C and I really enjoyed our visit here.I had the breakfast combo and paid extra to change it to a carmel macchiato and croissant. I paid a total of $8 :)))Oliver was nice--- asked for my name-- brought out my food and even water for my puppy.We sat outside with our dogs and I enjoyed free wifi!I'm excited to come back and try out more things on the menu!I love Paris... french food... and cafes... so Baguette Cafe really hit my yummy spot!Love it here!-Miss Yelp 2012
5	Great food. Loved the omelet w/ spinach, Swiss, & ham on a baguette. Def worth the wait. Wish they were open on the weekend!
5	Nearly everything is good here. I can't say everything because I haven't tried everything. Things I thought were amazing and to write home about: celery soup, prosciutto salad, chipotle, banana nut muffin. There will be more... Yes, service can be slow, but good food comes to those who wait!
5	My money was really well spent. I just wish there are more restaurants like this. This place is a real gem for Southwest LV.
5	I had bookmarked Baguette Cafe quite awhile ago based on the stellar reviews and I finally had the opportunity to give it a try today. When we walked in we were warmly greeted by the owner, Olivier. He was super nice and immediately asked if it was our first time. After we told him it was, he gave us a "tour" of the menu. We ordered a couple of sandwiches and he took the time to chat with us and learn our names. We sat down and chatted for a few minutes before they brought our food out. I got the chipotle which consisted of chicken, avocado, bacon, melty cheese, and a delicious chipotle sauce all on a warm baguette. It was stunning! It was served with a small salad with a fantastic house vinaigrette. My husband got the soup and sandwich combo. The shrimp bisque was surprisingly delicious and cheesy. It was served in a cute little mug with a side of croutons. My husband also got half of a Moroccan sandwich. This was a special sandwich which was not featured on the menu, but Olivier was nice enough to tell us about. It had chicken, three types of roasted peppers, creamy goat cheese, and a house made garlic aioli. We were both very happy with our decisions. We also tried some drinks, since it was a cafe. I had an iced chai tea and was very pleased. It definitely had a subtle flavor, but was exactly what I wanted. My husband got a blended Thai tea, which is such a fantastic idea! It was also very light and refreshing. We decided that we absolutely must try something from the dessert case before we left. Olivier explained that they make everything fresh daily and everything looked amazing. We settled on a slice of the pear tart. It was almost too pretty to eat! It had a very delicate flavor and wasn't too sweet. It was really the perfect treat after our meal. Overall, this place is fantastic. You get one of a kind service and delicious food for a fantastic price. Everything we tried only came to about $20, can't beat that in Vegas! They work hard to make everything fresh daily and actually get to know their customers. I am still stunned that a place like this actually exists in Las Vegas! Oh we will be back and I am certainly recommending this place to everyone I know.
5	Pros:* Incredible food. Just wow.* Perfect portions.* Beautifully presented.* Reasonable prices.* Excited and helpful owner puts as much care into the food as customer service.Cons:* A bit too difficult to find located at the back of a business plaza.With all the amazing reviews for Baguette Cafe I was excited to see what all the positive hype was about. Thankfully, Baguette Cafe did not disappoint! The restaurant was somewhat tricky to find located in the back of a business plaza but well worth the hunt.The owner Oliver worked the register and asked if it was my first time at Baguette Cafe. When I said yes he excitedly went over the menu for me and explained the finer details. I ended up ordering a half and half "The Chicken Sandwich" and roasted red pepper soup. My girlfriend ordered "The Chicken Salad" and potato soup. The order arrived promptly and wonderfully presented on a small square plate and small colored cups for the soups. It looked so well made and dressed on the plate my excitement became overwhelming.The chicken sandwich was delicious on a fresh, home made baguette, with cheddar cheese, tomato, mixed greens, bacon, superbly seasoned chicken, and a very nice tomato pesto. The ratio of meat, cheese, and bread was perfect and the sandwich oozed with flavor as it melted in my mouth. The red pepper soup was surprising. It tasted similar to a tomato basil which much more of a pepper kick. It had a light creamy taste very rich with flavor. It complimented my sandwich well. I had a bite of my girlfriend's combo and her salad, although dressed with a vinaigrette unsuitable for my tastes, had a nice flavor. Her soup was possibly the best potato soup I have ever had.The cafe is welcoming and decorated with white walls, warm red-orange accents and yellow hanging light fixtures. It suits the establishment and their lunch driven menu well. The owner Oliver was very pleasant and assisted in the overall great vibe. The prices are very reasonable and go well with the perfectly sized portions. I had a great time at the Baguette Cafe and will surely return again.
5	I just had the BEST Gazpacho I have ever had!  Wow, thick, tangy goodness with crunchy vegetables.  I keep going back, whether it's for a croissant, a cappuccino, a caramel macchiato, a breakfast sandwich, the tuna salad, soup, or the Green Juice, I can't get enough.  You can taste and feel the freshness of the organic fruits and vegetables, and the croissants are the best in Las Vegas.I have recommended Baguette Cafe to everyone I know, particularly my friends who love fresh, healthy foods.  Finding a locally-owned restaurant is so rare in this town, and I prefer to frequent local businesses, and in this case you just cannot go wrong! I moved here from Seattle, where good locally owned restaurants abound, and Baguette Cafe competes with the best of them!  Finally!  Fantastic, fresh, homemade food in Las Vegas.And, a description of Baguette Cafe would not be complete without saying how wonderfully warm and engaging Olivier is and how excited he is to share his love of fresh organically-grown food, delicious coffee, and superb culinary creativity.  I would bring anyone who loves good food here.  The French are not known for their cuisine for nothing!  Moi, j'aime bien Baguette Cafe!!
5	I love the fresh and flavorful sandwiches at Baguette Cafe!  My favorite is the eggplant panini with mozzarella and tomato pesto...such a delicious combination of flavors and textures with the melted cheese!  I recommend sitting in the restaurant if you can find a seat.  The sandwiches are served with a small salad and a delicious balsamic vinaigrette if you eat in.  The chicken sandwich with cheddar cheese, bacon and tomato pesto is also very good, as is the chipotle chicken sandwich.  The only one I haven't liked so far is the Bleu Brie.  I will be back to try some of their homemade soups.  Definitely order a coffee and relax a while.  The service is great, Oliver is always very welcoming.  It gets crazy around lunch time, though.  The hours are M-F 7a-5p, and they are closed on weekends.  I always want to go for lunch on Sunday, and have to remind myself that it is closed!
5	I finally made it here! I have been Yelp Stalking it for what seems like forever, but it is rare I can journey across town during the week. I arrived around 12:30 and the place was hoppin! Oliver was very nice and I ordered the Blue and Brie..Chicken, Apples,  Walnuts,Blue and Brie Cheeses, and a bit of mustard..it was SO yum! I told him I worked at UNLV and he let me know he graduated in 2001! Very cool to have a local rebel running a great place! I got an Iced Tea which was fresh brewed and very delicious. I hope to try some of the sweets next time..I am trying to be good, but this place is worth a cheat day for sure!!
5	Had a 5 star experience yesterday morning.  Hubs and I grabbed a book and set out in search of coffee and breakfast.  Lesson learned from a previous visit, we called ahead to check on the availability of chocolate croissants.  We were informed they would be ready in 30 minutes - somewhere between 9 - 9:30.We arrived and were greeted very pleasantly by Olivier and his mother Claudine.  They introduced themselves, asked our names, asked if we had visited before and so on.  It was a very polite and personable experience.  After ordering, Olivier suggested we dine al fresco under the olive tree.  So, we did just that.  We set up shop in the shade, put our feet up, and read.  Approximately 20 minutes later we received our quiche, chocolate croissant, cappucino, and frappe.  Everything was delightlful.  The croissant was just as we had hoped...buttery, airy, flaky and scrumptious.  The quiche was piping hot, and perfectly seasoned; it came with fresh vibrant spinach with a drizzle of yummy balsamic vinaigrette.  Food is served with china and silverware and drinks in real ceramic cups.  Thats always nice.Can't wait to go again.An absolutely divine morning for $20.  Oui! Merci!
5	Right out of the cafes of Southern France. The sandwiches are divine.  Owner Olivier is a gentleman.
5	I went here yesterday again. It is a good thing this place is not right by my house..I would weigh 1000 pounds. I got "The Chicken" I think that is my new favorite sandwich. It was delicious. I brought a friend and she got a panini that looked wonderful.We tried convincing Olivier to open one in Henderson and he said they almost did and to let him know if we find a place that's good for him! Yum! Such a lovely lunch spot!
5	FANTASTIC Lunch spot.  My favorite in the valley!  I want to say the service was beyond exceptional.  I loved the food as well.  Very unique subs and totally yummy!  I was a little lost in getting there and missed it the first time and had to drive all the way around to get back to their parking lot.  But SO WORTH IT.  great great experience!
5	Now this is a gem, and worth the little trek off the Strip.  Tired of all the noise and the lights and looking for a little French island of great food (sandwiches, salads and soups) and coffee?  This is the place to go !  Olivier, the owner is so very friendly, explains everything to you and seems to be genuinely happy to run his place.  So inspiring !It's a little bit hard to find, but some nice yelper made a map you should consider when you want to find this gem (under photos).  The food is mostly sandwiches, soups and salads, but made to French perfection.  Be sure to check out the special sandwiches (for example curry and a Moroccan sandwich were on the menu today) as well as their daily soup.  Get a sandwich with a side salad or a sandwich and a soup.  To round it off, get an Illy espresso and a pain au chocolate.  I cried it was so good...
5	Was heading to KY for the long weekend.  On my way to the airport, I decided to stop at Baguette Cafe to grab a sandwich for the plane ride. Best. Idea. Ever.  Had never had lunch here so The Chicken was new territory.  Even setting aside the fabulous fresh-baked baguette (and why would you want to?!?), this sandwich was the funk.  Fresh pesto, chicken and tomatoes.  That's what I'm talking about.  People on the plane were pretty jealous.  Beats the heck out of crappy airport food any day!
5	This place is a hidden Gem.  Everything is really fresh and has a good taste.  So many cafes are just blaze (pronounced blah-zay) not sure how to spell it, lol.  I always enjoy the food there and being greeted by Olivier.  Definitely worth the trip, if you can find it...
4	This small mom and pop (doing the cooking) and son (Oliver at the cash register) restaurant is now one of our favorite luncheon destinations.  It is hard to locate on your first visit, but worth the effort. It was very busy on the day of our visit and we were lucky to score a table.  The soup of the day changes, drum roll please, daily and to date we have sampled 3 that were truly excellent.  Today's was shrimp bisque which had a silky texture and was full of flavor. Olivier recommended the chicken curry sandwich with red peppers and parsley on a freshly baked baguette which we shared.  This proved to be the best lunch we have had in recent memory.  A rating of 4.5 stars would be most appropriate.
5	Baguettes, Crossants, Quiche, Tarts, Coffee, Wraps, Sandwiches, I really could keep going.I have been frequenting Olivier, Shelby and the gang for quite sometime now and all I have to say is Thank God for Baguette Cafe. I love everything about this place. Upon entry into this unassuming cafe, you are greeted with a smile and the delightful smell of fresh baked breads and pastries. I love the purity and love that goes into the food here. It really is unlike any other cafe in the Las Vegas area. The staff is very enthusiastic about what they serve and it shows. Olivier will take the time, despite a line out the door at lunch time, to describe in detail the daily specials of soups, sandwiches and pastries. I have been here too many times to count. With the free wireless, I often find myself setting up shop and spending the morning or afternoon catching up on graduate school or just chatting with friends. Some of my favorite daily specials served: Chicken curry sandwich, shrimp bisque, french peasant stew, Moroccan chicken sandwich, gazpacho, spinach and cheese quiche, pear tart.....OK now I'm making myself hungry again.They have a wide range of beverages and serve Illy coffee! Some of my favorite drinks: Thai iced tea, green tea iced tea, CHAI SO AMAZING. Warning: It becomes very busy at lunch time and also is not open on the weekends. Also sometimes food takes a bit due to the nature of the care that goes into the sandwiches they prepare. I really dislike the reviews of this place stating the service is slow or that it took too long to get their sandwich. Baguette cafe is the type of place that makes you want to slow down and enjoy your coffee and meal.
5	Go here-What a wonderful experience! Although the cafes hours are geared towards the business park around it, it surpasses the typical quick work lunch. Fresh does mean fresh here. The menu changes according to what was brought in that morning. The owner knew the names of several customers and him and the rest of the staff were gracious and caring about your experience. I heard another customer say that this was their new favorite restaurant-I have to agree.
5	This is by far the best brunch place we've ever been to Vegas...breakfast omelet and morocan sandwich just awesome....Definitely going to be back.....^^
5	Three adults and two kids all agreed that the food here was delicious, and comfortably priced. Beautifully presented too. The photo detailing the location (on this website) made finding the cafe easy. Fresh cream of mushroom soup, and the tomato & cucumber gazpacho, were hits all around. I was so happy it was Moroccan chicken sandwich day - I highly recommend it!
5	I love this place! It is a simple cafe in a business plaza close to my home so I definitely will be coming here often for many reasons. I went around 12 to 1 and it was packed! I was lucky enough to find a table indoors. My friend and I ordered the Eggplant Panini (add Prosciutto) which was an explosion of flavors in our mouths. Tomato Pesto whaaaat :D The caramel macchiato was also the best I have ever had. I had mine with soy milk and I am officially addicted to this beverage. Service was also very attentive and great. Olivier was very nice along with the rest of the staff who were there. I love the Baguette Cafe!
5	Customer Service: Amazing! My cousin and I were visiting for the first time and the man that greeted us could tell it was our first time. He was giving us suggestions and explaining what the different flavor profiles were of all of the food. The other girls working there did not speak much, even when bringing our food to the table.Food: We ordered two sandwiches and a salad, both of which were very yummy. The bread was so fresh and all of the items on it had such unique flavors.Environment: There was nothing special about the decor. It was just chairs and tables inside and outside and possibly a few paintings on the wall.
5	great food, people, and coffee. they remembered me by name on my second visit. i highly recommend this cafe.
5	Love this place! Its hard to find a good cafe in Vegas. This is the best I've found since moving here 3 years ago. Friendly people and good quality fresh food. The egg panini with sun-dried tomato spread is soo yummy! =D
4	This place is family owned and the french owner is a very nice guy. I haven't had a ton of variety here but I love the Chicken Pesto. The bread is baked fresh daily and I'm a sucker for any fresh bread. They buy their vegetables fresh from the farmer's market and also have a variety of different soups made fresh daily.The size of the sandwich is about a 6 inch sub from subway and is about $7. They have desserts as well but I've never tried it before. 8/10 Good to go.
5	There is NOTHING about this place that isn't absolutely perfect. Considering that everything is made with organic ingredients, the prices are very low. $6.95 for the sandwich I got. The staff take the time to talk to you, get your name, give you a background on the food, the organic ingredients, and how everything is made fresh. The bread is fresh. The pastries are fresh. I started with one of the croissants. It had some raisins and custard in it. The outside was crispy and flaky, the inside was buttery and soft. Then, I ordered the chipotle chicken sandwich. It was love at first bite. Just enough of everything to make it SO perfect. As I ate it, I could hear God singing "What a Wonderful World" to me. If you haven't been there, go.
5	STILL perfect. I had the moroccan chicken sandwich and a cup of roasted red pepper soup. The sauce on the chicken/sandwich was tomato-pepper-based and packed with flavor. The soup was fresh and creamy. My friend got the chicken curry sandwich SPICY. They use a yellow curry and it was so different and so delicious. Both the moroccan chicken and the chicken curry sandwiches are not on the menu, but Olivier or Shelbie will likely tell you all about it. I also  indulged and got a chocolate tart for dessert. LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT THIS TART! Rich. Decadent. Velvetty-smooth.
4	Breakfast options:  Baguettes, Crossants, Quiche,Coffee...Lunch options: Wraps, Sandwiches, Soup, and Salads...The prices for grub are resaonable. The French owner made a point to remember our names and greet us with a hearty welcome.  I had a sandwhich and salad. Everything was made with fresh , crisp and wholesome ingredients.This place is definitely off the beaten path. It is tucked away in a business complex. Their hours are limited 7-5 Monday - Friday and closed on the weekends. Limited hours and no weekend hours cost them another star. I do understand that the cafe must cater to the corporate clients based on location. Overall, a nice option if if your craving grub similar to Panera but want a small town..feel good greeting from the owner. If you're in need of change in pace or scenery.. give this place a shot!
5	What a great place to experience French cafe food in Las Vegas. This is a small sandwich, salad, soup and breakfast casual restaurant. The food is excellent, the staff very friendly.  They should open a bigger place.  I highly recommend this great place!
5	After reading all the great reviews on Yelp, I decided to try this place. I drove all the way to the other side of town just to see what the hype was all about and I was not disappointed. The place is a little hard to find because its surrounded by a complex with business buildings and banks. The owner there is so nice and friendly, it was nice to see an owner take so much pride in his business. He actually whipped up a Moroccan chicken sandwich for us. It was a grilled chicken sandwich on a baguette with goat cheese and roasted peppers, the flavor combinations were delicious. I also got a small cup of shrimp bisque and the green tea frappe, which was very refreshing. I didn't get to try any of the desserts they had there since I was already full but I will definitely be going back soon to try them.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE. After my friend introduced this cafe to me last year, I have been coming back so often that the owner Olivier pretty much knows my name. After I had a taste of their baguette sandwich, I have become a sandwich snob and no other sandwich in the city even compares. How much do I love this place? After moving to the other side of town earlier this year, each month I still drive 11 miles ONE WAY to this place for my favorite chicken curry baguette and cup of soup. It's crazy, but it's definitely worth it. The menu has breakfast sandwiches, wraps, salads, sandwiches, coffee, drinks, and French pastries. There are 2 soups of the day, and they vary each day depending on what Olivier wants to make. I love his cream of potato soup with truffle oil and butternut squash soup, but I've never been disappointed by any of his other soups. The first time you come here, Olivier will be more than happy to explain to you the items on his menu, and he's always enthusiastic with customers. He wants you to love the food as much as he does. The food is made with love, and I think that's why I like it so much. I would definitely recommend the chicken curry sandwich (it's not on the menu though) and the chicken pesto sandwich is delicious as well.The cafe is located in the same plaza as a whole bunch of big business buildings so it can be a bit confusing trying to find this place the first time. The cafe is small, with about 5 or 6 small tables on the inside, but there are more tables located outside. I've noticed many of the customers are people who work at the nearby office buildings on their lunch breaks, but there are also many customers who, like me, make the drive for the food and relaxing atmosphere. The cost is a few dollars higher than your regular sandwich, but it's well worth it for fresh baked bread and ingredients. The only gripe I have (and I've told Olivier this before) is that the cafe is only open until 5:00 pm Monday-Fridays. It makes sense as most of the office buildings nearby operate on the weekdays, but I get mad cravings for my chicken curry baguette and soup on the weekends!
5	This just may be the best place in Vegas! I've eaten here more times than I can count and with their daily soup changes and organic 'green' drink I feel clean and healthy every time I eat at Baggette Cafe. This french cafe is a MUST TRY for everyone in town and I bet you'll be a return customer after your first try. Open M-F 8-5 it's the perfect lunch spot or stop by for an early morning crassants, quiche, and coffee.
5	Oliver, the owner, is amazing! He was super helpful and friendly. As soon as I mentioned that I was vegan he talked to the chefs and had them make me a special sandwich. He stopped by my table twice to make sure it was good. Oliver and I talked about being vegan and I felt a much more personal connection as if I was a guest in his home as opposed to a customer. The sandwich was amazing but Oliver made my experience exceptional! He even offered me juice from his juicer, then came by and chatted more about what was in it and how it helps my body.
3	Let's be honest.. this is hipster and trendy and close to other businesses. For guys the eye candy here is phenomenal.. the coffee drinks are great!! I love illy. The main issue is the portion sizes for what you pay for.  You have to look for the deal on the daily specials. I would come back here just for the coffee.. but I like to eat and I like to feel full leaving a spot.. this in not the place for that. The customer service is awesome and everyone behind the counter is super friendly.. So I guess the rumors about the french are lies... Well french-americans are friendly!! ;)
5	This is the best French cafe I have ever tried !  It is a little bit far from the strip but Must go place !  We had sandwichs, soups and a fruit tart. Everything are sooooo delicious  I will  come back for sure
5	Baguette Cafe is truly amazing. The atmosphere, service, and food exceeded my expectations that were already very high. As soon as I walked in the owner, I believe, welcomed us and asked if it was our first time. He explained everything to us on the menu and even made suggestions. I got the omelette croissant with bacon and spinach, orange juice, and hot chocolate all for under $5. Te croissant was perfect and the best I've ever tasted. The outside was golden and flaky while the inside was so soft. I also got the banana chocolate chip muffin. It was soft, moist, and delicious. I will definitely be going back. The owner made me feel do welcome and it seemed like he actually was trying to get to know me and my boyfriend. His passion for the food comes through when you take every bite. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a yummy, healthy breakfast or lunch.
4	Had lunch here and the food was Amazing!  Oliver was very pleseant and explained to everyone in line the curry chicken sandwich/Panini and the Morrican sandwich.  I ordered the Curry Chicken and it was wonderful.  The curry had just the right amount of sweetness and spice.  The chicken was good and the roasted pepper added a great taste profile to the sandwich.  The bread was fresh and crunchy and complimented the entire sandwich.I also ordered the Green Tea Frappe.  It was good, nothing extrardinary, but good none the less.  I would recommend this place for a quick lunch.  Not a lot of seating, fyi, but enough to accommodate a couple of 2 people parties.  I would highly recommend.
5	Wow. I'm not the easiest person to impress but this place just has IT. The gentleman who took my order was very pleasant and took his time to explain the choices and other items which aren't on the menu. I went with the three cheese panini with prosciutto. It was incredible. Melty, creamy cheese. The saltiness of the prosciutto. The crispiness of the bread. I was actually full after the first half of the sandwich, but finished it all coz I kept wanting to taste more. The mocha frappe was also very good! Only thing I can complain about is the hours and location. Which isn't that bad, but them not being open weekends makes it tough for me to make it here. It is also tucked away between several office buildings so it wasn't the easiest to find, or most accessible of locations. But that really has nothing to do with the food or service. 5 stars well deserved regardless of the drawbacks. I will definitely be back :)
5	Best cafe in las Vegas, the soup was amazing and the staff there are very friendly
5	My buddy and I were thankfully the 2nd people in the shop from opening. - The first thing we noticed were the fresh, hot croissants and quiche.  Smells were amazing, food is presented in the classic euro-style.  Oliver was very inviting and friendly; he gave great suggestions.  The food is a  superb model of top french cafe food.  Their croissants reminded me of the one's I used to have for breakfast in Germany.  I plan on going back way more frequently.  I suggest the Blueberry Muffin, Croissant Breakfast Sandwich, or Quiche for your first visit.
5	I love this French Restaurant! Everything is so good! Their quiche are great! The croissants are amazing and all their baked goods are fresh. You must check this place out for French food or just want to relax at a cafe. Excellent restaurant!
5	My new favorite spot for soup and sandwiches! I love a good sandwich almost as much as I LOVE pizza.  The gentlemen behind the counter, who I assume is the owner, was so gracious  when he found out it was our first time there, he described the entire menu down to the desserts. I have a soft spot for corn chowder, as well as warm brie and blue cheese, so I went with the half blue brie with chicken panini. It was the perfect portion of food for lunch. I will definitely return to try the quiche as well as the desserts. Neighborhood gem.
5	This is my favorite lunch spot. The food is always amazing and fresh and the staff is so friendly. Great vegetarian selection too!
5	I've been driving by this place on the interstate, for 2 years saying I want to go there some day, but I wasn't sure how to get there. Today was the day I finally figured it out and it was completely worth it, The food was...OMFG outstanding. I got the 3 cheese panini with prosciutto. It was like heaven in my mouth. We also tried the chocolate tart which was divine. My husband had the chicken pesto sandwich which he loved as well. The owner was so friendly and sweet and took the time to introduce himself as well as explain how the menu worked and what was not on the menu but available for the day. The only downside to this place is that it is only open until 5pm and no weekends. Still I'm off enough in the week that I plan to visit this place often.
5	Came here for lunch and the food and service was amazing!  I'm from Hawaii and visit Las Vegas often.  In an attempt to visit non-touristy spots, I came across Baguette Cafe on Yelp.  It's about 20 minutes away from the strip and is located in a business park.  If you're coming here for the first time, it can be a little hard to find, but don't give up because it's worth it!!The service is excellent where the person who took my order asked me questions about myself and even introduced himself.  He asked me if I've ever been here before too (which is such a difference from the robots who work on the strip restaurants and cafes).  I ordered their daily special, a Morrocan chicken sandwich.  The chicken was seriously the moistest chicken I've ever had.  I quickly ate my sandwich not only because I was hungry, but this place is a little small, so getting a table might be hard to do when it's busy.  There are tables outside, however, I visited in August and it was 110 degrees outside.
5	Let me start by saying that Oliver (the man at the cash register) is the sweetest, most welcoming man that ever helped me in any restaurant/cafe! I love this cute, small cafe! The food prices used to be cheaper but I could imagine how hard it would be to keep those prices. They used to have a you pick two (1/2 sandwich, 1/2 soup, 1/2 salad) for $5-$6 but it raised a dollar which is still pretty okay. He took the time to explain the items that aren't on the menu. I ordered the Moroccan which was grilled chicken, roasted tomatoes and roasted peppers, goat cheese, some kind of aioli mixed with North American spices. It was great! I also ordered a 1/2 turkey sandwich and a cup of onion soup. I really wanted to try the lemon tart and the seasonal fruit tart but I was just too full for that. The fact that mostly all their food items are organic and they can make it gluten free is awesome! Their meats aren't processed. They baked everything the morning of. Everything is fresh. What more can you ask for. Vegas needs to have small cafes like this in every corner!
5	We made the trek over here for lunch today from my workplace on the strip and it was DELICIOUS!!! My only complaint is that it's not open on the weekends! When we walked in, the owner was the one taking the orders. He asked if we had been there before, and when we said no, he explained the whole menu to us. He was SO personable! After we had gotten our food, he checked on our table outside to see how everything was. His service was outstanding, and I wish every place I went to had this great of service. It also helps that is french accent is to DIE for ;)Ok, so onto the meal. I had the chicken pesto sandwich special. It was FULL of flavor. Sundried tomato pesto really made the whole sandwich pop. The bread was fresh, soft and chewy. It matched the sandwich perfectly. The chicken was delicious as well. It was perfectly cooked, and not dry. I seriously can't even say how awesome this place is! My table also split the chocolate tart. Can you say HEAVEN? Cause that's where I was when I was devouring it. It's rich and creamy. The slice was HUGE, and enough for 4 people to share.  I kinda want to go back just for that! If you haven't been here, you need to come STAT. Like I said, I wish it was open on the weekends cause I would be here every Saturday for lunch!
5	OUTSTANDING.  The staff is extremely friendly and take the time to explain the ingredients of every dish on the menu.  Both soup of the days were excellent as well as our sandwiches.
4	Wow does this place have a bad location- in the back of a high rise business complex but the owner and staff are super friendly and the food is very good. It is also a great place to meet your Ex for lunch as lots of patio space to buffer her banter from other patrons as she starts listing off the reasons you are not together and wondering why you won't fight to get her back- if that is you- the far left corner is most optimal.
4	It's in a business plaza on Sunset, between Durango and Buffalo. The place is pretty cozy and its hours of operation work hand in hand with the business plaza.The cashier, Shelby, helped me as soon as she could and when I was ordering, she even asked me if it was my first time here and then proceeded to give me the specials of the day. They have different specials each day but one that sounded YUMMY was the chicken curry sandwich. Lo and behold, what do I order?ORDERED:Chicken Curry SandwichMango Smoothie - smallVery nice and friendly service and I will definitely be back :)! Will edit with future orders.. eventually.
5	Awesome spot for soup, sandwiches and pastries. I've been there several times, and each time the food and the service have been spot on. The owner is so personable. He remembers his customers and takes the time to get to know new ones. Love the dressing that comes on their house salad (also on their prociutto salad). It's amazing and I always ask for a side to dip my sandwich into. I've tried the portobello sandwich, the chicken curry sandwich and the chipotle chicken. ALL WERE OUTSTANDING. Recently, they had a shrimp bisque which was very tasty as well. PLEASE OPEN UP ON THE WEEKENDS!!!
5	What can I say about this place that hasn't been said before? An amazing hidden culinary treasure, this quaint cafe will have you coming back for more. Family owned and French cuisine inspired, this place has some of the best sandwiches, soups and pastries I have had in Las Vegas.I first visited this restaurant for a relaxed lunch with my girlfriend while driving around town... And boy am I glad I did! Walking into this place you are immediately greeted with a warm welcome by the owner and by the sight of delicious deserts and treats. From coffee to panini to creamy and tasty soups, this place has something for everyone.We started off with a chicken pesto panini and a cup of squash soup, both of them amazingly good. By the flavor of our meal we could tell everything is made fresh that day (so the later you make it there, the slightly more limited your choices might be) and prepared to order! Please make sure to arrive hungry so you can try the peach or the pear pastry... You will love them.Note: this place is a bit difficult to find so refer to the yelp profile picture which has the accurate location on it. Lastly, please beware they close at 4pm, so this is a breakfast and lunch spot.
5	Fabulous strawberry/choc chip muffins - so very fresh; wonderfully refreshing iced mocha (skinny and poison free); Best friendly staff ever.  Great way to start the day !
5	If Baguette Care was in a different location, like Downtown, or even if it were open on the weekends and/or after 5:00 p.m., it would literally be so busy that they could never close or stop a line from going out the door. That's how good this place is. Their food is diverse and their flavors are unique. They mesh the flavors of different cuisines together so well that you feel like you're eating all of your favorite foods at once. At least, that's how I felt. :)Just, come here. Make time. Go out of your way. The menu is simple. Salads. Sandwiches. Soup. Pastry. Coffee. Along with daily specials that are to die for. I had the yellow chicken curry panini the other day and I think I visited heaven for a moment. The curry sauce was perfect and there was also mozzarella cheese and other ingredients I can't remember because all I kept saying to myself was, "this is the greatest thing I have ever eaten." Also, I ate a chocolate twist croissant. The chocolate filling had some type of creamy flavor - oh my goodness. Flaky, soft, fresh and delicious. Please open on the weekends? Even just one day?(Edit: I also have to tell you how wonderfully friendly the family/friends are that run this place. I only assume they are friends or related because they seem to really connect and get along well while they are working together and putting orders in. They are terribly nice and do such a great job of explaining menu items and specials. They also asked my name and remembered it! THAT is the type of vibe and welcoming you do not always get - the kind of thing that makes me want to come back: it felt as if I was being welcomed into their home.)
4	Great food! No line today.
4	While the location might be a maze's industrial nightmare, the food is win. For reals. Chocolate torte is incredible. Sandwiches and service were quite good.
5	i really like the prosciutto here. its probably the only thing i get there every time i go now. the prosciutto has excellent balance of flavors from the nuts in the bread, to the cheese, light dijon, and of course the meat. tried the moroccan chicken and the curry chicken. i couldnt really tell the difference. although i did try them on separate occasions. both tasted good. their ginger drink is really good, a little pricey though. oliver is always friendly and puts everyone in a good mood. i think the ladies just go there to hear is french accent. maybe i should have used a french accent at my restaurant...although if i see a line i usually leave.
4	This place is out of the way but worth the drive. It is sort of a nightmare to find in this little office park, but once you step in, you are transported to the other side of the world into a Euro-cafe. Well maybe not exactly, but it's a great Vegas simulation. We ordered a salad each and a sandwich to share. The sandwich was a feature not on the menu that day, Moroccan-inspired chicken with goat cheese and roasted peppers. It was fantastic. I scooped every last bite up, even though I'm trying to not eat meat or cheese. (I fail so miserably at my self-imposed dietary restrictions.) The salad was awesome too, with almondy jicama slices and a lot of other veggies. The highlight of the meal, other than the great service provided by Oliver (who seems to be the owner?) was the chocolate torte. This was incredible. Perfectly sweet and rich, I felt the need to run a half-marathon just to get its sugary creamy goodness off my hips. I wish I worked closer so that I would have an excuse to go all the time. Loved every bite!
4	So this is my second time in this place.At the first time I wasn't so sure what I think about it, coz my salad and sandwich were really just a little over OK. But this time was much better and this place definitely deserves a 4-5 starts rating! We'e ordered their awesome eggplant panini, a quiche and an omelette. There's no question their portions are small, but overall we've had a great breakfast. I'll be back! :)
5	We saw a lot of good things about this restaurant so we thought that we would go and try it out and we where not disappointed.  As soon as we walked into the door we where meant by a slender male who we later found out was from France and had a smile on his face the entire time we where at the restaurant.  My wife had a Moroccan sandwich with all sorts of spices from Africa and she said that it was delicious.  I had the Chipotle sand which.  This sandwich like the other one was grilled and had chicken and avacado and Mexican cheese on it.  While eating are sandwich's we had two large cups of hot chocolate which was perfect.  It was nice and chocolaty with the cinnamon on top and served at perfect drinking temperature.  I can't wait to go back and enjoy the food and atmosphere of this little cafe.
5	Such  a nice place!! I moved from LA recently and really miss those little cafes around the corner styles.... The sandwiches are outstanding, as well as pastries (YUMMM!!!) The coffee is italian and great also!! I don't even mind driving from Henderson the 20+ miles every once in a while!!
5	It's awesome, had the Prosciutto Salad and Shrimp Bisque soup.  Both were excellent fresh greens and Parmesan cheese in the salad and mmm mmm good salad dressing.  The bisque was fresh and good (not doing back-flips about it, but it was good).  Also had the bread pudding with a cup of white mocha coffee.  Bread pudding was chilled but very tasty (I prefer my bread pudding warm) and the white mocha coffee was excellent with dessert!  Definitely will go here again.   Check it out you won't be disappointed.
5	I found this gem a few months ago through Yelp. Boy am I glad I did!Let me start with, the staff is super friendly. Always smiling, and they make it a habit to remember you by your name to make you feel welcomed.The pastries are amazing. The croissants, chocolate croissants, and chocolate twists are to die for. They go quick, so come early or call and have some set aside for you. The chocolate strawberry muffins are also very good. Nice, quiet little bakery. Only thing that sucks is they are closed on weekends! :(
5	Olivier makes great French food with a tasteful modern twist. The Moroccan sandwich is a must have. I love how they are very accommodating to vegetarians & vegans. Definitely have a smoothie with your meal & top it off with a proper French pastry. Absolutely delicious.
4	This place is a great hidden sandwich shop. The staff is really friendly and the food is great. The owner remembered my name on my second visit a week after my first which was fairly impressive. They hand make all their pastries and you can tell because they are great and definitely fresh. If you dont get there early they are usually out of most of them though which does suck. I usually get the prosciutto sandwich and a lemon tart. Its a great combination! The quiche they make in the morning is soooo good but they are usually out of it by the time I get there. The soups and salads I have had there were nothing special, so I personally wouldn't recommend them which is why no 5th star. The coffees are pretty good as well.Be warned that they are in a business park so if you go during peak lunch time they are usually really busy and you may find yourself without a seat  and in a long line. But this place is a must try for anybody looking for a private sandwich shop.
5	Tucked away, but well worth the find. The food was OUTSTANDING  & Olivier & his staff were GREAT... I love this place!
4	Decided to google "coffee" on my way out of the post office driveway today and the closest one happened to be this little quaint cafe. It's oddly situated by a cluster of business buildings, but I bet those people love this place and come everyday for an easy and quick bite. There's cute outdoor seating, and the interior ambiance is nice. There's a good choice of pastries as well as a decent list of sandwiches, soups, and salads. The coffee and espresso menu has about everything you want a cafe to have, including some specialties. Today I went for the caramel macchiato. The owner recognized me as a new face and introduced himself, Oliver, (though I swear when he said it, there was a lot more syllables than 3...) Anyway, I picked a table and started putting together my work station: laptop, ear buds, and cell phone. Oliver delivered the drink to my table in a huge piping hot mug and offered the wi-fi password without my even asking. I don't know if it changes, but today it was: "bestdayever" lol.. It's a cute coffeeshop run by a very positive and happy Oliver. The cafe is close to home so I would love to come back on a day I'm hungrier so I can at least try the food and pastries. I give my caramel macchiato an A+ though.
5	Love paninis and cappuccino with almond milk! So helpful and friendly! A must try!
5	I am never in this area, so when I knew I would be I turned to Yelp and its people to help me find a place I'd love. So glad I did. I am saddened by the fact that this wonderful place is so far form me because I want to be a regular here. As soon as we walked in, we were greeted and asked "You have been here before yeah?" As I started to say no, the lovely cashier started explaining all of my options and what they are about. She told me how everything was made fresh daily and they are known for their quiche. There was only once slice left so I ordered it. Along with a crispy green salad and a cup of onion soup with curry. When I asked which soup was better the owner brought me a taste of both. I also ordered a cappuccino since in a review someone mentioned it was the best they ever had. I told them I read that, and it was like the pressure was on. However that made no difference, it was indeed one of the best cappuccinos i have ever tasted in life ever. The foam was perfect and the person who made my drink clearly knew a thing or 2 about espresso by the way she pulled my shot. My boyfriend ordered a turkey sandwich that he said he would order again in a heartbeat. They double checked to make sure we liked everything. It was just exactly what I expect from a place I want to give 5 stars to. Nothing was wrong whatsoever from the service, to the cleanliness, to the food and its quality. I guess I could duck a star since they are 40 minutes from my house, but that is THE ONLY negative thing I can say about the place. I can not wait to return to the area and have an excuse to eat here again.
5	I love this little frenchie cafe!!  The bf had heard about this place and wanted to try it out so we came pretty early in the morning.  It was a tough location to find but well worth it.  The cashier/barista was super nice and had a very authentic frenchie accent :)!! The breakfast sandwiches we ordered were super fresh and delicious.  I don't get wowed very much anymore after turning into a foodie snob but the croissants were fresh, buttery, and just the right amount of crunch! The ham and cheese omelette was made right then and was an excellent compliment to the croissants buttery goodness. I felt almost like I was in Paris or something! I had a coffee caramel frozen drink and the bf had a fresh squeezed apple juice which was were both excellent.  That was something new I had never seen, fresh squeezed apple juice made any way you want it and I would recommend trying.  On the way out, we bought a chocolate twist and chocolate croissant and we were fighting to eat them!! So fresh and melt in your mouth goodness, they were still delicious after one hour.  The server was super nice and was very attentive to all his customers!! I will definitely come back again!
5	Love paninis and cappuccino with almond milk! So helpful and friendly! A must try!
4	I went here for the first time today, after driving past it on the 215 many times (and being persuaded by the excellent reviews).My friend and I went a little while before noon, and it was pretty empty. By the time 12:05 came, there was a line to the door!The service was superior to any other place I've had in Las Vegas. The owner, Olivier, greeted us and spent the time to tell us about the soups and sandwiches of the day. He even asked for our names. The other workers were very attuned to our needs. One of them replaced my napkin and fork when my first ones were used up (usually I have to ask for new napkins). I ordered the Turkey Sandwich, a Vanilla Latte Frappe, and a chocolate twist pastry (I don't remember the French name for it.)The sandwich was very good. The bread was fresh, and it came with mixed greens; much better than traditional shredded iceberg lettuce! There was mayonnaise on it (which was not stated on the menu). I hate mayo, but I happily gobbled it up because the sandwich was so yummy!The Vanilla Latte Frappe is similar to a Starbuck's Vanilla Bean Frappucino, but a thousand times better! It may be due to the Illy-brand espresso, but the frappe at Baguette Cafe tasted super fresh, homemade, and not too sweet. Loved it!My friend and I each ordered a pastry for dessert. I got a chocolate twisty thing, and my friend got a chocolate tort-type thing (it looked like a slice of pie.) Olivier told us that he would keep the pastries chilled for us until we were ready to eat them, because otherwise the chocolate would melt. Any other place would have just handed us the food to get it out of the way, but I could tell they have pride in their food! The two pastries we tried were amazing and tasted like a piece of heaven. The only things I would change about this place is the ambiance (there isn't much decoration on the walls or anything fancy about it), and the hours. I would have come here a long time ago if it were open later, or on weekends!I will definitely be coming back, many times.
5	This place is a gem. It has a very friendly atmosphere -- the owner will even remember you by name if you're a regular. The amazing Illy coffee -- consistent, flavorful, and smooth -- is the best I've had in Vegas. They even have organic milk, soymilk, and half-half available -- and you bet these high quality extras make a huge difference in the taste of your drink. Their food is delicious: quiche, omelets, salads, paninis, among other things. The only downside is that it's closed on weekends, but hopefully they'll fix that soon since they are getting more and more popular.
5	WHO: Anyone you want to take on a lunch date ;) *nudge nudgeWHEN: Monday through Friday from 7am-5pm.WHERE: On Sunset & Durango, close to the corporate buildings.WHY: For their tasty French baguettes.WHAT: My best friend and I decided we needed to have lunch. And since I had heard such great reviews about this place, we decided to go and try it out.First thing's first, I love Olivier!! Anything he said, I believed! And because he said the Yellow Curry baguette was one I should try, TRY is what I did. And yes, Olivier does it again! Such a great sandwich, with a touch of spice, and a cup of tomato basil soup... This had to be the best lunch I've ever had!Olivier charmed my friend into trying the Moroccan baguette (which I will have to try next time), and she also fell in love with how well-made the sandwich was.For dessert, we tried the newly made Peach Tart, which was UHHMAAYYYZIINNNGGGG! It was not too sweet, and just the right amount for both of us.I'd love to go back and try some of their other baguettes and pastries SOONER THAN LATER. In the meantime, check it out for brunch & tell me how much you LOVE the yellow curry baguette 8).
5	The hidden jewel of the desert.  This place is awesome!!  I had the Morrocan sandwich for the first time and it was ridiculous.  It always looks like it won't be enough food but it is always perfect.  Pastries are great and they are the only place that I know that brews Illy coffee.  If you never tried Illy coffee before, go now.  It is one of the BEST coffees I've ever had.  Whether it's breakfast or lunch, doesn't matter what you order-you will love it. Once you find it, you'll be hooked.
5	My wife and I always come here Wednesday after Bikram Yoga. This place is awesome. I always get the chicken Moroccan sandwich...it never disappoints! And a bowl of whatever the soup of the day is...always different. I highly recommend Baguette Cafe for a nice light yet filling lunch.
5	Have become addicted to the curry chicken sandwich since I wrote my review. The flavors blend perfectly! Mmmm, and the tartes are exquisite. I sometimes can't decide which to get and just take two! The mixed berry and chocolate are my faves. And you have to try the strawberry muffin.With all due respect to everyone who complains about the hours, this is a family business, and I worry that if it opened on weekends or for dinner, it wouldn't be as consistent. And you can't expect them to kill themselves by working weekends and longer daily hours.  I would love to stop by on a Sunday morning, but not at the expense of their well-being.
5	Great service. Tasty food. Cheap.
5	I always pass this place while driving on the 215 and wondered if it was any good. I always assumed it would be some typical cafe with subpar food and generic coffee, considering it's location in a cluster of business buidlings. And boy, i was wrong! I was in the area today so i decided to try it out. When we got there, there was a line literally going out the door. We waited about 15 minutes so i would suggest avoiding going there during lunch hour. When we got to the register, we were helped by a guy who was really friendly and informative about their menu. He remembered our names and seemed to genuinely care for his customers. I got the turkey sandwich and an iced white mocha and my friend ordered the curry chicken sandwich and a funky monkey specialty drink. We were so hungry and being that they were so busy, we knew it would take some time to get to our order so we grabbed a goji bar to munch on. The bar was made from all naural products so i expected it to taste like cardboard but it ended up being SO GOOD! Our sandwiches were also delicious, especially the baguette that they were on. While waiting for our food, we kept eyeing the peach tart that was in the display case. We ended up giving in and buying a slice and im sooo glad we did! It was probably my favorite part of the meal. It wasnt too sweet and the crust was the best i've tasted in a while! This place is awesome and i would definitely recommend eating there!
5	If I could eat here everyday I seriously would. Their sandwiches were carefully crafted and blends into bountiful amounts of flavor. I used to be obsessed with Panera Bread but that doesn't even compare to this place. Not only is the food perfect, their service is the epitome of good customer service. All the workers are extremely nice & the owner is very amusing. My favorite is the Chipotle Sandwich & my boyfriend's favorite is the Spicy Chicken Curry Sandwich. The sandwiches actually look small but surprisingly it fills you up perfectly!
5	Love this place. Amazing soups, sandwiches & service. Always enjoy the banter with Olivier.
5	I still love the food here. Olivier is so nice that it makes me feel good supporting his business. My only complaint....wash the windows and doors please.
5	Food was great & customer service was excellent! I love that its so close to my home! I'll definitely be a regular!
5	After seeing all the reviews and finally being on this side of town in the morning before work, I knew I had to try this place. And Boy am I glad I did! I was there fairly early (7 am!) and they only had a few select options. I got the croissant with egg and spinach, a cranberry twist, and a mocha frapp. Just the smell itself was so enticing, I was wanting him to hurry up and give me my food! The place just smells amazing! The food was just amazing and great size. The next time I'm able to go I'm definitely going to try their sandwiches and soups. I just wish they were open later in the evening and on weekends, I would definitely go here if they had Sunday Brunch. Mmmmmm~!
5	The Baguette Cafe was exactly what I was hoping it would be. Casual lunch spot with fresh tasty soups, salads, and sandwiches. The person at the counter took the time to explain everything on the menu on my first visit and was very helpful in choosing some items.I had a Moroccan chicken sandwich and sun choke soup. Both were obviously made fresh with high quality ingredients.This is the kind of place that you can really "feel the love" in the food and the service. It is always nice to find a restaurant where the staff obviously cares so much about the experience the customers have. This place is a bit of a drive from my house and I am certain I will visit again.
5	Every time I have been the service and food is consistently amazing.
5	After 17 check in's, it somehow has slipped my mind that I have never reviewed this place.  Go figure!  Olivier is a doll.  I initially came back to this place on my way home from the doctor's office and hadn't been back in 2 weeks.  Immediately, he says, "Hello, Kimberly."  (I had paid with a card the previous time.)  I was floored.  This place can get packed.  There are tons of regulars, and he remembered my name after I ordered a cup of coffee and a bottle of ginger ale one time to go?  My order changed from iced tea to go to a salad and iced tea for dining in.  I figured I could read through some things there.  He sees my laptop and asked if I needed wifi (free and secure).  It sounded good to me, and the password is just so upbeat and positive like the vibe you get in the shop.As for the food, everything I have had there is DE-LISH!  I've eaten my way through the salads.  My favorite is the one with the jimica.  The soups change daily, so be sure to ask if the listed soups are for today.  All of the sandwiches and pastries are amazing.  Everything is always fresh and organic.  If you're there and the quiche isn't sold out try it!  Also, I've heard the chocolate twist are a must try.  (I don't like chocolate.  I know, I know.  Something is wrong with me.)Lastly, the drinks...  The ginger ale that they carry is a favorite.  It's not homemade, but it has real ginger in it.  If you are a ginger lover, check it out.  The espresso and brewed coffee are both Illy.  I am not sure of the brand of iced tea, but it is fantastic and never over steeped.  I've also seen families come in on a three day weekend and order hot chocolate and swear that it's one of the best in the city.  I wouldn't know but wouldn't doubt it either.
5	As good as it gets. Amazing owners and staff. Food - homemade pastries that are the best in Vegas ... sandwiches that are excellent. Great breakfast too. Oh, and coffee is Illy ... mmmm.
5	My favorite place to get breakfast in Vegas. Owner is such a nice guy!
5	This place is one of those hidden treasures I stumbled upon. The best quiche I have ever tasted and I have a lot to compare with. You can tell the owner has a passion for food. Great dishes, amazing service, and over all great atmosphere for lunch dates.
5	Their baguettes are perfectly crunchy on the outside and soft in the inside.  There is not too much flakiness from the baguette either, so eating a sandwich does not get too messy.  The only downside to this place is the hours of operation, only opened M-F during work hours, 7am- 5pm. I just had the Bleu Brie sandwich today and it was delicious.  It was not my favorite though, since it was missing some kick to it.  Now what it specifically needs, I do not know.  I do love me some brie on baguette, though, yumm!  I really love the yellow curry chicken sandwich.  It's usually on the written menu.  If it is not, you can probably ask Olivier (I think that's his name, and I'm sorry if you're reading this - I forgot your name, but judging from what everyone else is writing, it looks like Olivier is your name) to make it for you.  I also like eating my sandwich in the cafe, since it comes with a palm-sized amount of salad.  It really is not a lot, but it's a very petite addition at no extra cost to your order. I also had the quiche today, the one with bacon and swiss cheese.  I've been wanting to try it in the past, but they'd always be out.  I ate the quiche after the sandwich, and being somewhat full did not stop me from enjoying the savoriness of this quiche.  In the past, I had ordered a blended iced-coffee.  It wasn't as tasty as I like my iced coffee to be.  I usually like it on the stronger, chicory-esque, sweet side.  However, my coworker had one today, and she said it was good.   The cafe gets a bit busy during lunch time.  I have yet to see how the foot-traffic is during the mornings.  If you have a 30 minute lunch, then I would suggest calling ahead of time and placing an order, just to prevent from waiting in a line to order and then waiting for your food to be made.  The cafe is pretty decently sized, a bit on the smaller size, but it works.
5	Love this place!  Takes us home to France. C'est delicieux!
5	This is THE best lunch place in Las Vegas.  I cannot believe how low the prices are.  My husband and I get to go sandwiches from Capriotti's all the time, and it's more expensive than the more gourmet food here.  Don't get me wrong, we LOVE Capriotti's.  I'm just saying that this place has INCREDIBLE value and is absolutely delicious.  The quiche was great....flaky crust and perfectly baked.  I wish it were open more often!
5	The best breakfast place I have been to! Although this place is hidden in between business centers and is a little confusing to find at first - their customer service and food makes everything worthwhile. When I first walked in, it was a quiet cafe (reminded me of Starbucks for a moment). As soon as I looked at the menu, Oliver came and introduced himself and is quiet the charmer I must say!Very observant and easy going, he was eager to introduce me to the menu and what they were making that day. Although I only ordered their croissants and their black iced tea I was impressed with the enthusiam and how fresh their food was. The croissants were crispy and warm on the inside. I had their chocolate croissant and their cranberry with vanilla croissant. The chocolate croissant was not too strong and very filling. Their cranberry with vanilla croissant was sweet but had a sour kick to it. If you need a pick me up and want to go to an atmosphere where they will make you smile and want to start your day right - it's Baguette Cafe! I am definitely coming back here to try their lunch menu :)
5	Love this place.  They have the best sandwiches in town.
5	Baguette Cafe is fantastic!!! It is a bit unfortunately located in an out-of-the-way office strip mall that is not a place you would typically find a cafe. However, that doesn't seem to matter as it gets a lot of traffic regardless.I went today for lunch (5/22/13) on the late side (about 4pm) and had the four-cheese and prosciutto panini. It comes with a really generous helping of fresh mozzarella, basil, and a tasty and tangy homemade tomato spread. They recently switched from ciabatta to baguette (apparently they hired an advisor before opening the restaurant who told them that Americans prefer softer breads to crunchy baguettes...that advisor was WRONG!). The new bread is amazing - very crunchy but soft on the inside, and even better when grilled in the panini press.I also tried the artichoke soup (splendid) and a croissant (buttery and soft inside, flaky outside...perfect!). Every single thing I have ever tried on the menu has been delicious. They also make great smoothies and though I am not a coffee drinker, I am told their coffee is fantastic as well.To top it all off, the owner, his family, and employees are the nicest people:) I'll definitely keep coming back! I just hope they open another location...
4	I would have given this 5 stars but will explain why below.  Summary:  this place is a must visit!When I first entered, the staff right away was warm and inviting, everyone behind the counter said hello.  Who I assumed was the chef even took the time to introduce himself and ask if it was my first time there.  The young lady at the front took the time to welcome me, ask my name and introduce herself.  Extremely polite group of people.She suggested one of the special, Moroccan chicken sandwich.  It was a smaller sandwich, say 5-6 inches?  But was extremely delicious, you could taste the quality of the ingredients from the tender chicken breast to the bright tomatoes.  The baguette on which it all rested alone is a reason to visit.  Crunchy exterior w a warm pillowy center.  My only critique, this is why I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is that the sandwich, while it had amazing flavor from the spices lacked a bit of seasoning in the way of salt and pepper, but in a minor way.  Otherwise excellent.While the portions are not huge, the quality is incredible and worth it.  I had a black ice tea and it all came to about 10 something w tip.Anyone in the area should definately check this place out!They have a regular!
5	Wonderful date brunch today with LauraGot to share Olivier's cookingManifique
5	Such an unexpected find in a business park!  Oliver is such a great host to his restaurant.  He makes you feel that he is delighted to have you in and share his amazing food with you.  This is what customer service is all about.  I believe his mother is the one in the back doing the cooking and baking.  She has served us as well, and is super friendly.The food is excellent and very fresh.  We have never had anything here that we didn't like - in fact, everything from the croissants, to quiche to sandwiches rival those in the tastiest bistros we have been to in Europe.  They must import their butter or something.  I have no idea how the quiche can be that fluffy and the crust can be that flaky.   Start your morning off with an Illy coffee and you're good to go for the day!I will be back again and again. I just wish they were open on the weekends.
5	I heart the Baguette Cafe. As everyone's already mentioned, it's near impossible to find the first time you go, but it's so worth it once you get there.Each time I've gone, the owner Oliver has been my cashier and provided exceptional and unmatched service. His customer service, the quality of the food, and the reasonable prices are the reasons I keep going back.I've had several items on the menu, the quiche lorraine, chipotle chicken sandwich, the prosciutto, and others. Everything on the menu is delicious and made fresh to order. You can tell Oliver and his staff really take pride in using delicious and fresh ingredients.Everyone I've recommended this place to or taken here have become fans. It's a great local cafe with great food, service, and prices.
5	Please!! A little cafe with a French chef!! This place is amazing!! Fresh breads and pastries, plus their homemade soups are insane! Everything is fresh. It's delicious.
1	I wanted to like this place so bad, based on all of the good reviews it received on yelp and a bunch of recommendations I kept getting from my friends. Unfortunately, I just did not have the same experience they had.At first, everything seemed okay. I was greeted by Oliver, who was very welcoming. I ordered a sandwich (I don't remember the name), a cup of thai curry soup, a chocolate pastry, and a water cup. I expected to wait anywhere between 15-25 minutes considering how busy it was at the time. I waited a whole hour for my food to finally get to my table. That's right, one whole hour. For just one sandwich, a cup of soup, a pastry, and a water cup. That's it. On top of waiting for about an hour, I saw other customers come in after me and receive their food before me. I went up and asked how much longer for my food because it's been about an hour and one of the workers told me it was coming right up. I saw my receipt, so I know my food was not given to the wrong people/forgotten/skipped. I finally got my food, and it was good, but not worth an hour wait, especially when you notice from people that came in after you were already half way through their meals. I wanted to speak to someone, and finally one of the workers asked me how my food was. I told her it was good, except for the amount of time I had to wait. I was glad to finally talk to someone who seemed to care about my misfortune, but whoops! Nevermind! Before I even got to elaborate or explain how long I was waiting and how others got their food in a fraction of the time, she was already running back towards to kitchen saying "sorry for the wait." Seriously? If you're going to ask someone about their experience, at least act like you care enough to listen to the whole thing.Maybe I just came in on a bad day, but regardless, the service should be consistent. I would have appreciated someone taking the time to listen to me, or checking up on me while noticing I was waiting for awhile. Maybe that would give me a reason to come back, but since none of that happened, I don't know how I could ever want to come back.
5	This is one of my favorite places in vegas for Breakfast.. Amazing food and service
5	I am rating this 5 stars for the overall quality and freshness of the food. The price is very good as well. I had a chicken sandwich, which had bacon, chicken, greens, and cheese on a fresh baguette. The sauce was excellent as well. The customer service was great. Baguette Cafe is well deserving of 5 stars with its overall quality and value. Fantastic lunch spot and I would definitely go back.
5	Excellent place!  Really hard to find as it's in a business district but once you do it's very cute with good food!  Today was a perfect day to sit outside - I had pumpkin flaxseed granola with almond milk and some orange juice.  My friend had the bacon cheese quiche.  They are also very vegetarian and vegan friendly and can alter just about anything to suit us non-meat eaters.  Very friendly owners.  I hear it gets packed for lunch!
5	Two Words: absolutely delicious.This place is chock-full of character. It's a great escape from a horrendous workday. I've never been to France but the vibe here feels French cafe-esque. The owner, who is French, is also the cashier and he is a total charmer. Plus he is happy to help you out with your order should you have any questions. Sometimes I just ask him questions I know the answer to just to hear his accent. I know I know....And It's also a family owned\run restaurant so that also adds some warm and fuzzies to the experience.I've been here twice (soon to be 3x because I want to go back tomorrow).Both times I ordered the chipotle sandwich and both times I considered licking every crumb and drop of sauce off my plate. I could say it was the flavor combination. I could say it was due to the incredible chipotle sauce and fresh avocados. I could also say that it was the fresh & crisp baguette it came on. I'll just say it was all of the above.I ordered a cup of the cream of celery soup today. I don't even like celery all that much, but I had heard the owner\cashier describe it to the guy in front of me and I was sold. My only regret was I didn't order a bowl.... or a gallon. There was a distinct essence of  fresh celery in the soup but somehow, maybe magically, the creaminess mixed in with the freshness made this the best cup of soup I can remember. Apparently I do like celery.Both times I ordered a coffee beverage. For the coffee snobs out there, myself included, they serve Illy coffee. For the non-coffee snobs -- this is AWESOME coffee. First time was drip coffee the 2nd was an iced white mocha.... both yummy.So for a half sandwich, a cup of soup, and medium iced white mocha totals just 12 bucks..... a small price to pay for perfection, I'd say. Baguette Cafe is a jewel of a lunch joint. If I didn't work in the area, I'd find an excuse to drive across town just to enjoy it.Run don't walk to this place. It's an all-around crowdpleaser.
4	Delicious sandwiches and refreshing salads!I had the eggplant panini (next time I will get it on ciabatta roll instead of baguette i think it could even be better with slightly less bread to inside-part ratio), and crunchy salad (has jicama and cucumbers).  A perfect lunch!I wish they would open another location and be open on the weekends!
5	Absolutely amazing! Had the 3 cheese panini and a chocolate pastry twist and the baguette alone was worth going there for. Will definately be going more, quite a few other things I want to try. And the owner is super nice, knew everyone's name when they got to the counter and really makes you feel at home.
5	I don't understand why would anyone say anything bad or give this business a bad review.They are extremely friendly in there and the food is amazing. I mean,  if you ever been to France, you know how hard it is to find good European food and pastries in the USA..Mostly, in Las Vegas.This place gives me the feeling of a little bistro in Paris -it is Vegas still,but you won't find better.Promise!!! Be open minded and enjoy classy and elegant food and yet you feel like home...I feel welcomed. Not just another place that I go to eat, but a special place to my heart and taste. Love the Parisian feeling too - maybe because I am European :) TRY IT!!! see for yourself why so many poople love this place:P
5	All you need is an excuse to come here.  Which is exactly how I found myself here this morning.  I had a doctor's appt around this area, so I made sure I stopped by.  Yes folks, it is a little bit out of the way, but so worth it.  I envy those that can come here to get their cup of Joe and yummy eats here easily.  I came here because Jesse N said that this place was sooo my flavor.  I'm so lucky to have him because he was right, this is so my type of cafe!  Oliver takes all the time to give you exceptional service, and he will go out of his way to impress you.  Call you by name, make sure he answers any of your questions, he'll have a chat with you if he can, make recommendations, you name it, he goes above and beyond!I tried the Eggplant panini, and it was super super SUPER delish.  I was planning on adding meat, but forgot to because I was indecisive and holding up the line.  However, when I did get to chow down my panini, I think I seriously finished it in a few big bites, I really didn't even need the meat.  I was running late for work and figured I would also get a pastry for my Admin for covering me and one for myself too. Lucky me they had Chocolate croissants and Raisin Croissants fresh out of the oven, and yes I got both.  Ssshhh but I totally did not give the other pastry to my admin...oink oink to me.  I'm definitely a fan!
4	The best lunch I've had in a very long time.
5	I've died and gone to heaven. Seriously. I also have just gotten home and taken my first bite and felt compelled to let people know what they are missing out on. I've always bypassed this place before because it's tucked away and hard to get to and is only open during the week during business hours so I never had the opportunity. But now that I'm on a schedule that can accommodate theirs and seeing all the rave reviews I was compelled to come here in my pajamas in search of breakfast. I was greeted immediately upon entering and apparently by the look on my face Olivier asked if I had been there before. I told him I was a first-timer and he proceeded to offer me recommendations on their most popular items and informed me of their baking style (from scratch and throughout the day). I went with their popular omelet on a croissant (fresh out of the oven) with bacon. He also asked me if I would like anything to drink; I ended up getting a decaf americano (yea for illi coffee). My mouth started drooling at the sight, smell, and introduction to their cranberry croissant and chocolate croissant (also fresh out of the oven). I caved once my omelet croissant and coffee were ready and asked for one of each to go as well. The establishment itself is small but cute. Indoor and outdoor seating as well as a small loveseat with a table. Norah jones was playing on the overhead (bonus points). Next time I'm definitely dining in. On to the food - freakin awesome deliciousness. Words do not do them justice. The food tastes as good as it smells. The croissants are the real deal. Light and fluffy and to the demise of my waistline. I might just say it. The omelet croissant was perfect. I can't even describe it well enough to do it justice. How does an omelet croissant melt in your mouth?? Just try it. The chocolate croissant was decadent. Again light and fluffy croissant with chocolate embedded in it's fluffy goodness. Pairs well with coffee. The cranberry croissant had a high bar to meet, I think I was already on sensory overload by the time I got to it, so I may have to try it on a clean palette to give it a fair shake. I'm already hooked. Time to introduce my husband to this little slice of heaven. I already can't wait!!
5	I am fortunate enough to work near the Baguette cafe and go there at least 2-3 times a month for lunch. Their food is amazing! My only complaint that if you arrive after 11:30 there is going to be lots of people a wait for the food and possible no place to sit.......But the food is worth the wait! But i just get there early and avoid the wait!
5	I love this place and Oliver and his family are so nice. The food is delicious and go with whatever Oliver suggest it is always a good choice. The chocolate tart is my personal favorite it is absolutely delicious.
4	I've had BG bookmarked for a long time and now that I've been I am a big fan.  One of the first things I noticed was the very enthusiastic owner who seemed so excited about his food and everything.  That is one of my favorite traits of an owner, when they are excited about their food and excited about the people are going eat their food. The line was almost out the door and I could hear the excitement from right at the door.  Which is always a good sign.  I think we all ordered the Bosc!? Bosk!? Bosq!? however you spelt it it's all sounds at least 6 of us maybe 10 just because how he explained what went inside.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/baguette-cafe-las-vegas-2?select=5LkJ582csgxifnT_0pTL1A#5LkJ582csgxifnT_0pTL1A It wasn't on the menu but ask for it you're going to enjoy it. It was delicious.  I also picked up a green tea frappe.  Just trying to stay cool.Everything they made looked and smelt so good. I wanted everything.  They made sandwiches, pastries, soups, salads, frappes, and coffee drinks.  Items are reasonably prices. It was very busy during a mid week lunch and the seats filled up.  There are more seats outside in front and if you're lucky some in the shade of a tree. I was fine with eating outside even though it was hot there was a nice breeze. I have their quiche and their other sandwiches on my radar.  I'm just going to work my way through everyone's pictures. I'll be here more often.
5	There's no question that this is one of the best places for cappuccino in the entire city. As I mentioned in my "Las Vegas Critics" review, "Olivier is the friendliest, most welcoming business owner that I've ever encountered in Las Vegas."
5	Every time I go to Baguette's it is a great experience. :) Friendly staff, who will offer you choices if you tell them what you like. Prices are very good for what you are getting. And everything is fresh, and delicious! Really nice place!
5	This place had great sandwiches, pastries, and fresh juices! Very clean, great customer service, and best of all caters to vegans! Loved it :)
4	If you come here around noon - I'm so sorry. The line will be out the door and business people will be crawling on the walls. Just come around 1:30pm and you'll be fine!Anyway, first of all this is a great place to grab a bite to eat for every reason except the price for what you get. So what do you get? Often, a small baguette-eque bread with a few ingredients inside. Everything is fresh, crunchy where it should be, and delicious. There is a hilariously small "salad" served with the sandwiches. If I base my opinion on just this, it's 3 stars. Get a drink or anything else and you're cresting the $10 mark for not a lot. These are perhaps Paris prices.The extra credit comes from the charm of the place. It's a nice place to be, because it takes the character of its owner. He's always out taking orders and making recommendations. Nice guy, and he might even remember your name if you're a regular. He uses quality ingredients and opts for purity and organics when he can. This is nice. The food is very clean.Stop in! Just make sure it's off business lunch hours or be prepared to wait a long time.
5	CANNOT WAIT TO COME BACK! The cashier/owner is so nice! The mango smoothie is soo good! I also got the chicken pesto sandwich....OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD! I'm going to be a regular here! Really nice and kind of chic! Can't wait to try everything! EVERYTHING sounds soooooooooo good!!!!!
5	Stopped in for lunch. Ordered the tuna sandwich and a cup of coffee. Sandwich was delicious. Good coffee. Great customer service.
5	I had heard so many good things about this place I was excited to finally get the opportunity to try it! The menu is small but don't be discouraged, I heard a lot about the Chicken Curry Sandwich but it was no where to be found on the menu. We asked and we received. My husband got the Bleu and Brie Panini, had chicken, Brie, blue cheese, walnuts, celery, and mustard spread. It was good, he loved it. But I thought my Chicken Curry Sandwich was better. I can't wait it get it again. The baguettes the sandwiches are made with are perfect. The cafe is small and at 3pm it was almost full. The staff was friendly and tried to get to know everyone that came in. Prices are worthy of the quality.I'm looking forward to try one of their soups and dessert!
4	Tucked into the corner of a business complex, Baguette Cafe may be a little difficult to find (even with the maps posted on Yelp)  but well worth the search. It is a small, cozy spot that gets rather busy during the lunch hour. I met Christie O. for lunch recently, at 11 am there was ample seating to choose from but within the hour, every seat inside was taken and there were even some patrons seated outside. Baguette Cafe is owned by an amazingly friendly and highly skilled chef named Olivier. He was in back when we arrived, but we received very friendly service from the sweet employee manning the counter... and Olivier came out a little later to say hello and ensure everything was to our liking. What a charmer that man is!Baguette Cafe is serving up BIG time taste at really inexpensive prices... My lunch was a half a sandwich (tuna salad), a cup of soup (cream of sweet potato) and a large iced tea, and it cost under $10! The soup was lick-the-cup delicious and the baguette that the sandwich came on was perfectly chewy without being hard. The portions are not huge, but for me it was the perfect amount of food. While I am not vegan, it is always nice to see places that care enough to offer up vegan selections for those that are. Most menu items can be altered to accommodate different dietary requests. I definitely look forward to another lunch at Baguette Cafe, and I think the next time I go in, I will have to try some of the baked desserts Christie and others have raved about!
4	Very good curry chicken panini with cream mushroom soup and raspberry sweetened green tea. The staff are also very nice. Will make sure I return when back in town.
5	The journey to find this place is worth the reward of a healthy meal and great service with a smile. I have heard only wonderful things about Baguette and when my Yelp friend Tom suggested it, I was excited to cross this off my bookmarks. The menu has soups, salads, sandwiches that are so delicious and made with love. The bread that is used is delightful. I enjoyed my carrot soup and tuna sandwich. Next time I will try a smoothie and maybe a dessert that looked so tempting while I was ordering. There is inside seating which can get very crowded and loud at peak lunchtime hours. There is outside seating which was a nice option for a bit quieter lunch.
5	Excellent coffee, pastries, quiches and service. This place is reminiscent of cafes in Paris where the quality of food, attention to detail and care for the customer is the priority.
5	Best Sandwich I have had since moving to Vegas!
4	I met fellow Yelper Loren for lunch here about a week before writing this review.  I have heard some good things about this place, and wanted to give it a try.  Baguette Cafe is on the South West of town.  I live on the far east side.  But, I'm freeway close and from Orange County, so driving is no bid deal to me.I got lost trying to find Baguette, as it is tucked away in a business complex.  I eventually got a clue and looked for the address on the buildings.  I eventually found it.  The restaurant is small but well kept.  Their displays are amazing and everything looked so good.  The service was nice too.  I like the personal aspect at the counter while ordering.  The guy taking my order asked me about my tattoos.  I like that... a friendly greeting goes a long way with me.I ordered the Chicken salad.  And, I was informed that they could make any sandwich on the menu into a salad.  But, I kept to my order.  The salad was okay but that was the way I ordered it so I can't complain.  I tend to pick through and separate my veggies.  I'm weird like that.  But, overall it was a nice place to grab a bite.
5	Tried this place for the first time and IM HOOKED!! I loooove the Moroccan sandwich! The staff is also very friendly and informative. They know their products and their menu suggestions are dead on.
5	My favorite lunch spot in Vegas. Everything is very fresh. Try the chicken curry sandwich or get a chicken pesto in a wrap.
5	Why must this be so far away from me!I have been wanting to try this place for a year and a half.  But between nursing school and work and kids and dogs and training....I have no time!  lol  Today, I had to go down to my doc and get my yearly check up and TB test for healthcare and it just so happens that I would be in the neighborhood...YEAH!!First, I love Olivier!  He is such a sweet and kind hearted person!  He first asks if you have been there before and then he asks your name.  I noticed after that that everyone that came through the door was addressed by their first name.  This place must really have a following! I really only wanted to try the quiche...I have been craving quiche for days!  But when he asked if I wanted a cup of coffee I could not resist.  I ordered a latte and wanted a flavor.  Low and behold they have almond.  I asked for not too sweet, just a touch of flavor and my request was perfectly delivered.  The quiche was soooo yummy!  I returned a few days later to have another coffee and croissant.   I love this place and wish it was not so far...but I will make it a point to return anytime I am in this part of town during the right time of day and day of the week!!
5	What I love about this place is that the owner Olivier and his parents (The Chefs in the back) care for you as a person and prepare your food and coffee with that in mind.  I was speaking to Olivier and mentioned my dietary changes and he offered to make me an Almond milk Latte with stevia, and his mother made me a healthy spinach omelet.  You can't find this type of service and care anymore.  The Baguette Cafe experience is well worth it every time!  God bless.
5	Excellent food, desserts and coffee. Very friendly staff and a bright, happy enviroment. Highly recommend you try this place!
5	loved the food, the owner and how it's tucked away in a corner of vegas.. a real gem of a find~!! I'll be coming here every time I'm in vegas~
4	We come here once a week not just to say hello to the always pleasant owner but to indulge on the special creations that make our mouths water. The proscuitto sandwich and morroccan special are the two best sandwiches in vegas. Only open during the weekdays but a definate must for lunch.
5	I have always had a great experience at the Baguette Cafe. I worked in the same business park when it opened and it quickly became my go to lunch spot.The owner, Olivier, is very personable and attentive to his customers. He uses very fresh ingredients and the food is delicious as a result. Combine that with delightful coffee creations and a great price and this place is hard to beat.I try to introduce friends to the Baguette Cafe as often as possible. It is a true diamond in the rough!
5	I already thought this place was amazing, but it keeps getting better. He comes up with new, original sandwich ideas that just blow me away, like the Basque or Moroccan... I can't get enough!
2	Friendly service, clean environment. Took 23 minutes for me to get a latte. Coffee was just okay...
5	Very friendly family run restaurant.  Family moved here form France - why I will never know - but thankfully they did as they have great food and just is a little gem out here to visit for lunch or a snack.  They omelet sandwich with coffee and juice for 6 bucks is a great breakfast too. Oh and the chocolate or apple tarts are fantastic by the way.
5	Everything from scratch, absolutely AMAZING food. Breakfast was fantastic, the pastries were delicious, and they serve Illy coffee...the proprietor, is accommodating and we will ABSOLUTELY be back!!!
4	The food is still great. I had the eggplant panini and it was amazing. Olivier is a gracious host. However, this little place has gotten way too busy. The line was all the way out the door. We weren't in a hurry so we didn't leave. It only took about 10 min to get to the front of the line. There was only one open table and it was not cleaned yet. We bussed it ourselves. Checking what time I paid, lunch arrived 37 minutes later. It's very unorganized. From years of being a server I  see lots of places that could be easily changed.
5	Very good French inspired food! Soups are excellent too!
5	Great and friendly service, fresh and tasty food. Their coffee is great too. Unexpectedly nice compared to its size. Run by a French family, they obviously put love in their food. Down side is the hidden location out of sight but good things are hard to find anyways. The other down side is it is closed on weekends. Yes Olivier is very personable and makes a big effort to remember the patrons' names and repeat orders. The Moraccan sandwich is our favorite with my wife.
4	Lovely euro-style panini and sandwiches.  I really liked the selection. Friendly service. It is a bit hard to find but definitely worth it. My only complaints would be the size of sandwiches to price ratio and the celery on my salad was a bit worse for the wear.  We shared a cold prosciutto and salami sandwich and a hot chicken and goat cheese panino.  The bread was fresh, the ingredients were quality and everything was seasoned really nicely.  Yum.
5	I am definitely on board with this place: A+!To my misfortune, they ran out of soup when I got there (around 3 in the afternoon). Soup is my favorite, but I do like me some paninis! A friend and I ordered the 3-cheese panini and the eggplant panini. Both were very delicious and full of flavor! The bread was the ideal texture. I also distinctly identified the pesto within the sandwich and found it to be very savory! Mmm! They were both such great sandwiches and they both came with a little serving of mixed greens. I have no idea what the dressing was, but that was scrumptious, too, and very light!On a side note, I think a common complaint people have with "eating healthy", fresh, or light meals like these is that they don't "feel full" afterward. But this definitely had me stuffed in the best way possible! To go with my panini, I had myself a hot chai and it was perfect right down to a tea (tee)! Lol. Never mind the awkward pun... The modern decor is white and bright! The daylight comes in through the windows so beautifully! The simplicity of the decor also brings attention to the lovely photos on the walls!Lastly, the service was awesome! Everyone here talks of Olivier so kindly and it is definitely true how personable he is to his customers. As someone who likes to experiment with different diets (pescetarianism, vegetarianism, veganism), when he mentioned vegetarian options, I was definitely over the moon. He noticed that and didn't hesitate to ask about it. Who doesn't like genuine, friendly service?!I'd truly recommend this place to everyone I know, but a significant part of me really just wants to keep it all to myself. LOL...You won't regret coming to Baguette Cafe!(p.s. I am sooo coming back for the amazing soup I keep hearing about)
5	The reviews on here are the truth! This place is wonderful. We are regulars here and cannot get enough of the tasty food. I love to go here to grab a light yet satisfying lunch. My "go to" lunch is the half salad/ half sandwich combo. The prosciutto salad is awesome ... Fresh greens paired with prosciutto and the addicting vinaigrette! I've tried everything from the tuna sandwich to the veggie panini to the chipotle chicken - all hits in my book. The owner is so sweet and friendly too!
5	Luckily we got there before lunch hour. We got to choose our seats before the place filled up. We had the curry chicken sandwich, eggplant panini with turkey, cream of vegetable soup, and a caramel macchiato. Perfect size to fill you up but not get bloated :) The folks working there are really friendly and they'll help you decide on your food choices.
4	The owner is fantastic. The staff is fantastic. The sandwiches are delightful. The soups are savory. Everything here tastes good and feels healthy. My only complaint is it's a little expensive for the punt of food you get. But if you don't mind spending a bit extra for a quality meal, this is the spot.
4	I've had this bookmarked for a while and realized it was closed weekends. Now that our days off are weekdays and our friends who have the same day off as us live in the SW, it was time to finally check something off my list that has been sitting there, patiently, for years. We were gonna order off the menu until we were told the two specialty sandwiches. There was a yellow curry chicken sandwich and a moroccan sandwich that had north african spices, goat cheese, red bellpepper, etc. Both sandwiches were great sounding so we chose those. I liked the moroccan a bit more, but only because Im a sucker for those flavors combos. The bread was nice, good balance of crusty and softer bready center. Got the ice tea of the day - green tea citrus gingko which was refreshing. I like places the brew fresh, and brew something a bit more unique that plain black. The service was really friendly - it was the owner of the place at the counter. He was super enthusiastic and caring of his place. They brought out our food outside and came to check on everyone outside which I didn't expect. It is always a nice touch for counter service places to still have some sort of service. I think the price to quality ratio was very good. It seems they use better products with an emphasis on natural, healthy choices and nice to have places not charge a arm to get fresh choices.I can see why people like this as their casual lunch spot. I think there are other similar sandwich and coffee type cafes like these you can compare it to, and this I think this probably ranks top notch among them. I will be back to try more and try a specialty drink next time now that it's near places we frequent.
3	I have had Baguette Cafe bookmarked to try for a while and finally stopped by on my lunch break to try out a sandwich. Baguette Cafe is a bit hard to find the first time. I had trouble locating it since it is nestled with other office buildings, but had the address thanks to yelp and soon found my way. I was impressed with how many tables and chairs there is outside. It was a glorious day out too and many people were eating out there.When it came time for my order, Olivier, one of the owners was glad to go over the different sandwiches with me. I ordered "The Prosciutto" priced at $6.95 and it came on a baguette. The sandwich had prosciutto, salami, mixed greens, tomato, walnuts, celery and blue cheese spread. The sandwich had a good taste, but the bread was tough to chew and rough on my gums. I have been told by other yelpers that getting the sandwich "panini" style isn't so rough on your jaw/mouth, but wanted to try it how it came on the baguette the first time. I also didn't taste any celery and only tasted one bite of blue cheese and felt the sandwich could have had more meat in it to match the rough texture of the bread, but did I did think what was in-between the bread tasted good.  I also kindly asked him if he would do the honor of choosing a dessert for me to have later. The reason I asked him to chose for me is because I would have went with the same ole thing and I'm sure that would have tasted great, but I wanted to try something different. Sure enough, what Olivier picked out was nothing I would have picked on my own and now after having it, I was left craving more.Should you want to cater breakfast or lunch for your office, Baguette Cafe can handle that for you. With the right amount of notice they can deliver and set up the food so call and ask for details. If you are feeling like an omelet, sandwich, wrap, soup, salad, fresh juice or even a latte, they have that too.
5	Soups are all amazing .. Fresh daily from the father; sandwiches, salads and pastries from the mother to die for .. Nothing but great food from a family owned and operated business .. Tuna sandwich and cream of cauliflower soup and croissant are FAVs. Olivier could not be a more welcoming host!
5	I found this place on Yelp.  Drove by it a thousand times but don't think of going into a business park for lunch.  The soups were amazing, homemade salad dressing on the crispy greens, and delicious curry chicken sandwich.  The staff was excellent, friendly, and accommodating.  They pointed out their large courtyard perfect for children and dogs.  Definitely will be returning!
5	This is a hidden gem....great customer service, illy coffee drinks, and delicious pastries & food.I felt the need to edit my original review above since my husband and I now hit this spot up at least 2 times a week, after our first visit. Not hard since it's right around the corner from my office, and just a little away from our home. Oliver's customer service is amazing and I swear, he recognizes whether it's first time or you've been there before - his customer service skills are amazing... he has a great memory. I believe it's Oliver's mother that does all the pastry baking, and I've not been disappointed with any of the choices ordered. Our 4 year old loves it here also.Recommendations are:The Moroccan SandwichCroissantFenancier (I think that's how it's spelled - they're pretty much almond honey cakes)If you love coffee and/or you have a sweet tooth - you've got to check this spot out! In general, it's a great place for breakfast and lunch; such a hidden gem. Makes me want to plan a trip to Paris.
4	I've gone to the Baguette Cafe a couple times and their sandwiches are always a treat. This latest time I tried one of their soups.  The butternut squash soup I had was delicious and it made the bread I dipped in it taste awesome. And the cashier who I am assuming is the ownerThe only complaint I have is the strange seating arrangement in this place because there's not enough tables
4	Excellent service,  nice atmosphere, friendly staff.  The food is phenomenal.  Soups and sandwiches are made with the best ingredients,  haven't tried the pastries but they look great.  Highly recommended
5	Again, I'm adding on to the rave.  I've frequented the Baguette Cafe quite a number of times, and every time, I leave very satisfied.The place, at first was difficult to find, is nestled among the silver office buildings right off Durango and 215.  Really casual place.  Reminiscent of Panera Bread.  It gets really busy for lunch, so prepare to wait, sit outside, or take something to-go to avoid upset; turnover is pretty quick, however, so you shouldn't wait too long to get a table.  The chipotle chicken sandwich, caprese salad, and soups are my favorite lunches to order there.  I am also in love with their tarts!!!  Along with an espresso, I could eat them everyday.  The owners are super sweet and personable.  I only wish they had a bigger, more central location!
5	Thanks to google map I found this place after circling around the whole block twice. At the register, Olivier rattled off a bunch of ingredients after I asked him what specialty drinks he can make. I picked the chocolate frosted almond as the main ingredient for my latte and asked him to make me a drink that's not too bitter and not too sweet. He then made the drink and asked me to taste it to see if it's to my liking. It was just perrrrrrfect! Olivier you rock!I also ordered a vegetable quiche that smelled like rosemary and filled with cherry tomatoes, zucchini, spinach and egg. Delish! I'm totally coming back here when I'm in the Rhodes Ranch area.
5	Finally made it in when my boyfriend and I had a weekday off together. It was definitely worth the wait. Olivier (I'm assuming is the owner) was incredibly nice and personable. The food was delicious along with the drinks, especially the fresh juice mix. I just hope that the next time we are both off on a weekday we can make a trip back here...unless they decide to expand their hours to the weekend (a girl can dream)
5	Love this place. I usually take my son there once a week. He enjoys the chipotle sandwich and the chocolate pie ( which is one of the best). For me, the Moroccan sandwich is my favorite. Today I also tried the leeks and potato soup, it was just perfect. And for dessert I had the pear pie. Beautiful as always. The owners are really friendly people and the workers are really nice.
5	This is one of the few restaurants I'll eat at while in Vegas.  The coffee, sandwiches and tartes are fantastic here.  The Moroccan chicken sandwich on a croissant is my favorite... Any sandwich made on a croissant here is heaven.  They have fresh pressed juices, Virgil's stevia sweetened soda, and almond milk on hand for the best lattes (mocha rocha is to die for!).  Also, don't miss out on the tartes - they don't taste "eggy" like others and aren't weighed down with too much sugar.  Bianca and Olivier are the two sweetest people, my trip is not complete until I've eaten here.  Thank you, guys!
5	This place is worth traveling to. The food and service is awesome. Everything I had the quiche, cinnamon golden raisin croissant, and coffee were absolutely wonderful. This little cafe is is in an business complex but as mentioned in other reviews worth the hunt. The pricing is good and certainly worth any wait. It really takes me back to France and makes me reminisce. I only wish there were more places like this in Vegas, but I'm happy to have at least one cafe that is seriously knowledgeable on how to make great food. Olivier and this family which own the cafe are absolutely wonderful.
5	Finally decided to check this place out after driving by it everyday.. It's small but what do you expect it's a cafe. It's very clean and neat and your instantly greeted with a warm good morning. Take note: I'm not a big morning person so I'm pretty crabby early in the day so it really brightens up my mood lol  the cashier immediately recognized I was a new comer and gave me a lil tour. Everything from the quiche to the freshly baked croissant looked amazing.. He was making my mouth water while going over everything. I decided to get the hot mocha rocha and the prosciutto salad since I was craving a salad.. Both were delicious! Will definitely be coming back hopefully not to go this time lol
5	Another 5 star review for Baguette Cafe! What's not to like about this charming establishment? The location, maybe, although the journey there makes the reward even more satisfying.I had been once before to sample a couple of sandwiches and the service was spectacular! The curried chicken sandwich was creamy and bold, while the basque pork sandwich had an entirely rustic profile.Fast forward 8 months- I needed a place to study while munching something delicious and didn't want to end up in a Starbucks. I remember how much I loved Baguette Cafe months ago and decide to head there for lunch. Olivier actually remembers me (crazy!) and once again provided such a charming and personalized interaction. Ever helpful, and always ready to make a suggestion for those who are most indecisive (me). He noticed I had my laptop with me and right off the bat gave me the wifi password. Even the guy who delivered my food was funny, very helpful and got me more hot water for my tea as well as a slice of the peach custard tart so I wouldn't have to wait in line again.On my most recent visit I tried the breakfast croissant with tomato instead of any meat. The flakiest croissant (baked fresh that morning, naturally) filled with a tomato jam and omelet style eggs filled with swiss and spinach. It came with a little salad (mostly a garnish) on the side, and was just right. It was satisfying, but light enough for me to still have room for that delectable peach tart afterwards. While the peaches aren't fresh, the custard is surprisingly eggy in a pleasant way, and the crust was just tender enough.The chocolate tart looked amazing, dense and decadent, but I decided I'm saving that one until my next visit when I can pawn half of it off on a friend =)It certainly won't take another 8 months for me to return.
4	Go all the way to the back! Since they are only open weekdays, it's taken me forever to get down here. Maybe they just get so busy during the week from surrounding businesses they just don't want to be there on weekends? I wouldn't blame them if so!As noted in almost every review, Oliver is awesome! This dude is excited to talk about his food and you just gotta love that! I had the bleu brie sandwich which is amazing. The bread is fresh and soft but with that perfect chewy texture. The chicken was moist and tender. With the thick slices of cheese and thin, crispy apple slices, it all just comes together for a super tasty sandwich. If you've got room after, you have to try one of the chocolate tarts with fresh whipped cream...crazy good!Baguette Cafe is a must try spot. It's a tad on the pricy side but everything is fresh and worth it. Rumor has it that a new spots opening with weekend hours...I sure hope that's true cause I'll be there the first Saturday they're open! ;)
5	If I can give this place more than 5 stars I would. Service was fantastic. The owner was extremely nice and although there was a long line, he didn't make me feel like he was rushing for me to order at all. And to go above and beyond he even came OUTSIDE to where we were sitting to talk to us. Next is the food. I tried the chicken curry sandwich and chicken pesto sandwich. Both of which were the best sandwiches I've ever had. I've never had chicken as soft as the ones in these sandwiches. Everything was great. My boyfriend also got their latte which was sitting in an open cup outside through our whole meal and was surprisingly still hot at the end when we poured it into a to go cup. Overall, I will be coming back!
4	I always pass the Baguette Cafe on the way to work.  The name in itself intrigued my inner foodie soul... and so I knew I had to pay a visit.I went last week, and let me tell you... right off the bat the first thing that impressed me was the customer service.  Oliver was nothing but amazing! I asked Oliver for suggestions on soups, and what he did was get me 2 samples of the soup they were serving.  I went with the Lentil soup, which by the way knocked me out of the water! It was DELICIOUS! I also ended up getting a chicken salad and a green tea.  The salad was amazing! You can tell the quality  of their food is nothing short of FRESH and AWESOME.   This first experience has got me wanting to go back for more! the ONLY complaint i have with this place is the seating.. its hard to get a good seat because of the room size.... other than that, I definitely recommend this place!
5	I come here often and the owner is always very friendly.  I always get a soup no matter what the daily special is. I have never had a soup here that I didn't like. Plus, they make all the soups from scratch daily.  I  always get an Iced Vanilla Latte.  I recommend the turkey sandwich--it's delicious.  Great prices, Fresh Ingredients, Flavorful, Family Operated,  Illy Brand Coffee, Friendly, Good Outdoor Dining, Overall Fantastic.
5	I love this place. Okay, I admit:1) it's in a random location2) it doesn't have that cafe ambiance THAT much3) it's sooo farBUTLegit baguette bread? CHECK. At one point, I grew up on french style baguette. I can taste it when it's store bought or made with TLC. And here it's made with TLC. All the food is. Food here is an art and I absolutely love it. AND it tastes great and healthy. Great marinated chicken-CHECKFresh ingredients--CHECKThe owner is actually from France and we shared a bonding moment when I saw he had Vietnamese fish sauce (Vietnamese food IS french and Chinese fusion basically).  He is such a sweet heart and they have great service. So worth the drive.
5	This place is a rare find! It's what you'd imagine a great Cafe should be! From the moment you drive up, plenty of parking. You walk in through the door and the wonderful smell of fresh bread, pastry and food, and sometimes coffee... Your nose already tells you the food is going to be good!The menu is fairly simple and the quality is very high.  There are a few sandwiches that are apparently not on the menu, but the owner "Olivier" will be happy to describe it to you.  Always a warm welcome from all the staff! Which is a tell tale sign of any well managed business.  I've had the sandwiches, the pastries and the soups, all are fresh and superb!  Coffee is a little weak in strength (I prefer stronger coffee), but smooth and worth a try.  You can't go wrong with this place.  Keep up the great work and quality, we all appreciate it!  Only problem... Closed on weekends! ARRGH!  **waiving fist**
5	Loveeeee their fresh croissants! Everything is so delicious! I'm a coffee lover and their coffee is soo good... strong like I like it! Oliver is always with smile on his face and really nice, so are his parents.  I go at least once a week before work. Great place!!
3	Yikes...I feel like a complete odd ball for giving this place anything less than 5 stars like the rest of the Yelp world. Really...I wish Yelp gave 1/2 ratings because it's really a 3 1/2 stars.NOTE: Baguette Cafe is located in a large business commercial center. It's quiet with lots of tall business buildings everywhere. You may think BC is located at some plaza past this center but no....it's in here!! From reading reviews, I know plenty of Yelpers who have gotten lost or had to circle multiple times around the block to get to this place. Service was fantastic and the food was good. Notice I said the word "good" but not "delicious" or "out of this world!" The owner, Oliver, greeted me with a warm welcome. I let him know this was my first time here due to finding this place out through Yelp and he gave me the run-down of the menu. He explained what specials he had for the day, what soups were available, and what are some of the popular items.I ordered the half soup, half sandwich combo. One of the soups of the day was Potato Leek. It was perfect for the chilly weather. Soup came out pippin hot! I loved it. The sandwich was good but nothing special. I've honestly had better sandwiches at Panera Bread. My meal cost me about $7 and some change. Pretty typical for soup and sandwich combo (just like Panera) but the portions were more on the small side. It BARELY got me full and I normally have a small appetite. So I can't imagine a grown man getting full off of this. Maybe if you order two entrees then yeah.... I really don't get what's the hype about this place. It's simply A-Ok.Also, there were hardly any seats/tables available inside. So be warn if you're going to dine in during peak hours. There's seating outside but nobody wanted to be out there on such a cold day.
4	Really nice and friendly place, although located in an awkward location (makes sense though and pretty smart), right next to the 215 and Durango, requiring a little loop-around by taking sunset and into the business plaza to the end. Seating available inside and outside. Past few times I have tried this place, it is the owner who has been taking my order. SUPER friendly and really knowledgeable... think i remember someone telling me he is a school trained chef? ANYWAY. Very nice greeting and always suggests their daily specials. OH also another note about this guy.. He will secretly take note of your name if you pay by credit card, and he will give a personalized good-bye as your leave ! very surprised ! Also ! they do not do numbers or what not to "signify" where the order goes. If you tell them where you are sitting, it will get to you in a timely manner. One of their most popular sandwiches is the Chicken Curry Sandwich. Past 2 times, that is what i have ordered. Spice level made to your desire. Moist chicken, melted cheese, and a nice yellow curry sauce super flavorful all in a nice toasted ciabatta-like bread. Both times that i have sat at the restaurant, i have paired with my sandwich, a hot Mocha Rocha. HUGE cup (with a tiny handle) topped with a drizzle of chocolate sauce and whipped cream (if preferred). Nice flavor. Not too sweet, not too strong (for the not-so-much coffee drinkers) The other time, i ordered a pork loin sandwich. I actually forgot what the sauce is but it pairs with the moist cooked pork loin really well. Shaved fresh Parmesan cheese, organic spinach, and tomatoes. Wonderful combination in a toasted bread. Very nice atmosphere and good tasting food. Really do plan on coming back later in the year, when the weather is SLIGHTLY warmer and sit outside to enjoy the sun while either working or reading a book. been searching everywhere for a NICE place to hang out on a clear sunny day (one of the few very lacking things in this city)
5	this is my first review ever on yelp and I chose this place to be the first. Why? Because this place is like that!!!  Their chicken curry sandwich (not on the menu) is a life changer. How do I know? I just ate one and inspired me to write this review. Awesome customer service. The owner is very friendly and welcoming.  Like other reviews mention the place is not the easiest place to find, but consider it a hidden treasure because it is. Go there. NOW.
5	Just had the prosciutto sandwich, it was absolutely amazing!  The baguette is the best baguette I've had this side of the Atlantic, Chef knows what he is doing with each of these delicious little sandwiches!I could these all day!  ALL DAY!
3	My friend really, really loved their coffee. My friends also thought their sandwiches were good. I was disappointed with the vegan sandwich. It was boring, flavorless and more bread than anything.This place is probably wonderful if you're looking for some really legit, high quality coffee, but if you're vegan- maybe try the other awesome vegan restaurants out there.
5	This place is nice. It's hidden in a Business Plaza. The place looks authentic in all senses and the food was good. The cappuccino is illy and very very good. The food was also up to par. So why 3 stars? The service was horrible. I waited ten minutes in front of the register to order my food and it was my turn. It took them for ever to bring my food. And they brought my food and my wife's drink. Making her wait and have her drink cool down. They were horribly understaffed. If they fix this it will be a five star place. Would not recommend this place to my friends currently.Update :So it's mlk day and I'm guessing the owner didn't expect to be so busy. He was kind enough to bring a dessert for free and apologized sincerely for the way our morning went. We never complained about it so he was aware of it. So I have given it a 5 star. The food and drink was amazing after all.
5	Go for a sandwich...but don't overlook the soup, every one that I tried was delicious. (Butternut Squash with Ginger this time...amazing! ).And I can't leave without a muffin or 2 for later. My husband loves the real Ginger Soda.Staff is always friendly!  And they are in the process of putting up a better menu on the wall.Gotta love Baguette Cafe!!
2	Over priced & flavorlessMaybe I'm not "hippie dippy" enough. The place is small & was very busy. The wait was insane for a grilled sandwich, soup & a green juice. The cream of leek & potato soup was the only thing that had any flavor. Although $3.95 for a small cup is a little much. The pesto grilled sandwich w/chicken was over priced as well & FLAVORLESS. So disappointing. The "be the change" green juice was disgusting. All the spirulina was stuck to the bottom of the cup, the people didn't even stir it to make sure it blended with juice. $20 bucks and a 15 minute wait for a sandwich, soup that just had to be labeled out of the pot & gross ass juice is NOT something I'll be going back for. Ever.
5	I'm giving the food four stars and boosting another star for the owner's passion and personality.  Oliver could not have been more patient, friendly and helpful during our first visit.  Warning, this is not a coffee house where you can get your cup 'o' joe in less than 30 seconds.  At first I felt a little guilty when he was explaining their menu items in full detail and asking where we were from, but I quickly realized that the folks line understood that this is a place to relax, engage in a little conversation, get fresh pastries or breakfast and hang for as long as you want.Rarely, do you get an instant feeling that you are at a place where the owners love what they do and puts ttotal passion into it.  The employees equally present themselves the same way.  I had the feelilng that I was at a small Parisian Cafe in the middle of a desert.
5	Olivier is the very best, and his skills and friendliness added with the finest illy supplied arabica beans makes Baguette Cafe the very best coffee shop. The location is hard to find due to it being in a business park. But it is like a hidden gem or a treasure. Once you have found the shop, the rewards are worth it. Think about it... walking into a friendly warm atmosphere with fresh croissant and coffee aroma in the air then greeted by the most friendly coffee shop owner ever then enjoying a nice cup of illy coffee or a small parisian meal, life is so beautiful. I have been to sunrise and sambalatte and sunrise was my favorite before but as it is growing, I feel less connection with the coffee shop (I believe coffee shops should provide not only delicious coffee, but also interaction and lifestyle). I found Baguette cafe from a friends recommendation and now it is the only place I would go for coffee. (oh and sambalatte... they are always too crowded for the barista or cashier's interaction, they feel cold and cocky)Nice coffee + nice atmosphere + the very best owner/barista. What more can you ask for?100/5 rating.P.S. Everything on the menu is delicious (from quiches to soups)
5	Cream of carrot Good, espresso Good, Curry Chicken sandwich Amazing!!!! Cookies are fresh and delicious... Now I'm stuffed :)
4	MLK Day, 2014.  After having just finished a lovely holiday bike ride, I met up with two of my favorite foodie kiddos, Derek and Petra, and their moms since I knew they'd be off, too.  Long a Yelp bookmark, it was finally a great day to dine here since they're closed on the weekends.  After zig-zagging through the parking lot, I found the cafe.  Every table was taken and there was a short line at the register to order.  Thankfully, one party vacated while we were in line, so our party of five could sit down inside.  This place is very popular; after I checked in on Yelp, a plethora of recommendations were thrown my way in the comments section.  I was told to get the soup of the day, no matter what it was.  When I got to the register, Olivier, the friendly proprietor, told me the soups of the day were cream of zucchini with parmesan and cream of roasted pepper, but the latter wasn't ready just yet.  I chose a cup of the zucchini soup with a half of the 3 Cheese sandwich with added turkey for protein.  I spied the croissants behind Olivier and asked for one of those, too.  Petra ate the zucchini soup and Derek munched on a raisin croissant; these kids have good taste and that's why I eat with them a lot.  We all enjoyed our food, including the new acai bowl that's been added to the menu.  There was a steady stream of customers the whole time we were there and, in fact, the line was to the door by the time we left.  Word on the street is that Olivier is opening up another establishment and it will be open on weekends; if that's the case, I will certainly be back more often with the little partners in dine (and their moms).
5	Dear Yelp,Can you please make it possible to leave 10 stars instead of just 5? THIS PLACE IS OFF THE HOOK!!!!!!!!! The owner is so amazing and friendly and the food is just plain ridiculous. SO FREAKING GOOD!!!! I had an iced coffee and a croissant sandwich with a spinach omelette and turkey inside. Delicious. My kid had a strawberry muffin with almond powder. SO MOIST AND AMAZING!!!! GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO NOW!!!!! It is in a weird location but its worth any amount of time to find it. So good. Go!
5	Talk about diamond in the rough one that might be an adventure too get too but once you do. You will have nothing but found memories of walking the streets of Paris (not so much street but get my drift) and walking into Cafe smelling fresh baked pastries, daily soups, and fresh baked bread most notable baguettes. The irony is this gem always been in my backyard neighborhood. Shout out too my beast training partner Suzy H for showing me this gem after our beast bike ride not think of better place too refuel!!! Unfortunately the only thing with this gem is words out. So we were very lucky too find spot too sit down for lunch at prime time 12. But they do have outside seating and few inside or if anything can always order too go. It SOOO worth the wait!!I order the chicken pesto sandwich and we shared the granola bowl. I mention many times but really believe no matter sandwich its ONLY as good as the bread. The baguette. It bread from heaven. Truly  only one other experience that had that baguette had that authentic everything on point. It nice crispy crust one that bread the bread away with hands, It nice moist and hot on the inside. I could just go bread crazy eat baguettes all day, Inside find perfectly cooked chicken breast nice moist and hot just like the bread. The pesto spread was awesome! Basil, pine nuts, cheese, and chicken is there better combination for chicken sandwich. Maybe the curry chicken sure bookmark that one for next time. I like the little (literally) salad couple bites. I like the salad dressing on top of it. Not sure if house salad dressing but in any case could have had big salad be happy for lunch. The granola I really enjoyed. It came with fresh cut banana on top and side of milk. We tried it both ways. I prefer it with the milk but either case really good. Suzy nice enough got too try her acai bowl. It first time tried one. It was delicious. All the menu items are under ten dollars for the most part so definitely affordable lunch/breakfast spot. I love the fact the owner Oliver very much puts his stamp on the restaurant. He constantly on the go walking around asking customers for their input and making sure everyone happy! The acai bowl something relatively new on the menu asking Suzy her thought on it if something that could improve the dish on. I respect any small business owner that always willing too listen too customer feedbacks. You can tell much passion goes into all the dishes at Baguette Cafe. Not just the owner but the entire staff is great! Friendly, helpful, and even if not have the answer they go back too the kitchen get one. No doubt see myself coming her more often for light lunch, healthy lunch, and really best food for recovery from triathlon training days.....
5	This place is excellent. It's kind if hard to find unless u kind of know the area and use Rafael Rivera way to get into the back of the area. I ordered the roasted vegetable quiche with goat and feta cheeses. It was excellent. My friend ordered the quiche Lorraine. That was good too. The dishes were served with a side of mixed greens and lightly drizzled with homemade balsamic vinegarette. Tasted delicious. The owner, Oliver, was very nice and greeted us when we came in and also delivered our food to our table. He also told us what he made fresh that morning to serve. We had a cappuccino with our meal and those were excellent as well and those were made to order and he adjusted the sugar level for me as I don't like my Capp too sweet. A nice dining experience overall. I would definite return here and it is not that far from my doctors office. I recommend it for breakfast but I plan on returning for lunch to try a sandwich. A lot of them sounded pretty tasty according to other yelpers.
5	Great first experience, great find! My boyfriend and I arrived shortly after noon, so the place was bustling.  Aside from the lucky locals that know about this cafe, I imagine that it is also a popular breakfast/lunch destination for the surrounding business folks, as it is located in a considerably large, fairly occupied plaza.  We approached the counter and browsed the menu for a few moments when we were warmly greeted by Olivier.  From soups and sandwiches, to drinks and desserts, he wasted no time in explaining everything thoroughly, including several vegetarian options.  Olivier's knowledge and passion about the menu made him easily identifiable as the owner, and we did not hesitate in going with his recommendations.  I ordered the Morroccan Chicken [sandwich] and an organic, non-sweetened, pomegranate iced tea.  My boyfriend got the Curry Chicken [sandwich].  Note that if we didn't have a time constraint that day, we would have dined in, but we were in the middle of house-hunting, so we placed our order to go.  It wasn't until we sat down to wait for our food that I began to appreciate everything else about the place.The cafe is designed simply, yet elegantly, and allows for plenty of natural light, as it has windows in place of walls.  This gives it a pleasant "sidewalk cafe" feel, and also keeps them connected to their outdoor seating.  The kitchen and service staff are all in plain sight, and they seem to share Olivier's friendly and hospitable demeanor.  Our order came out timely.  I took my first bite as soon as we got in the car, because I wanted to taste my food while it was still fresh.  The Morroccan sandwich was delicious!  The African spices were just right, and it had enough sauce to add flavor, but not so much that it made the bread soggy.  Speaking of which, the bread was perfectly toasted.  After cleansing my palate with my pomegranate iced tea, I took a bite of the Curry sandwich.  It was excellent too (and this is from someone that can get pretty fussy about curry)!  It reminded me of one of my favorite French-inspired, Vietnamese dishes --a spicy curry with a baguette on the side.  I imagine both sandwiches to be just as good if they were prepared vegetarian, which replaces the chicken with grilled eggplant, and am looking forward to trying this at my next visit.  I already had a feeling while I was looking at the menu, but was further convinced after trying the food, that Baguette Cafe uses quality, hand-picked ingredients.  This is one of my favorite types of places--a place that reminds us that food can be wholesome and tasty at the same time.I'll be back soon!
5	Olivier is an energetic and caring owner who takes pride in his business and clearly has a passion for healthy food and tasty ingredients. I was warmly welcomed (my first visit) and we talked about everything from France to my sunglasses to Bono and U2! A "gem" of a place. I will be returning often.
5	This place is consistently good. Fresh and Friendly. Helpful hint...Order over the phone and your lunch will be ready when you get there
4	Baguette Cafe is a great place breakfast, brunch, or lunch.  Located off Sunset and Durango, it can be confusing to find.  But once you find them, you're in for a treat. Their sandwiches and soups will leave you wanting more. Fresh, clean, and made to order...Baguette Cafe is not only good for their sandwiches, their soups are also a fan to many.I had their Egg Baguette Panini.  I had mine with the eggs, turkey, spinach, mushrooms, and their tomato basil sauce.  This panini comes with Swiss cheese, but opted to have it taken out.  At first bite, I thought that the bread was the highlight.  Their breads are freshly made in front of you if you're lucky like me, then you get to the substance, which is the turkey and egg.  My goodness...I loved my meal.  I chased my panini with a cup of their chowder.  This was so good too.  Dining inside looks to be a little tough during lunch time since the restaurant is small and the outside seating is minimal.  Plus, seems like everyone else is a fan because there's a line out the door. But don't fret...the line goes by quick and your meal is served in a decent amount of time. Egg Baguette Panini:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=9K7iy7M64wOdO0nxYmARyA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQPS:  Service with a smile here.  They will also announce their off the menu specials.  YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (046/366)
5	Olivier is a gem. Made my day better. French men are nice after all. He praised me for my acai bowl choice and I threw in a croissant because well, how can you not get a croissant at a french place? Illy coffee w almond milk. Took a bite of a curry chicken sandwich which was bomb.
5	I met my girlfriend for lunch. I ordered the Tuna salad. It was delicious and very fresh! She had the chicken salad and felt it was equally delicious! If I'm in the neighborhood during the week, I will be back!
4	Love this place. They owner is very personable and remembers everyone's faces. They bake throughout the day so it's always fresh. Mostly all organic ingredients. Always different soups but always consistent throughout the board. I've never left here unsatisfied. Once a week we have the croissant with egg and spinach. The texture is perfect and crispy, I'm drooling thinking about it. It is pretty small in there but they also have outdoor seating. My only issue is how busy it gets. Sometimes I feel like I'm waiting forever. Most of the time I'll call in advance for a pick up order and I still have to wait a couple minutes. But definitely worth the wait.
5	Let's start with the ambience, it's a regular coffee shop with a descent amount of tables and chairs inside and out. Normally, you would eat in the shop (but we had ours for to go), but while waiting for our breakfast and coffee, I noticed that the servings are in good proportions and they serve beverages on an actual cup (which is rare now since most coffee shops always use to go cups). For the food, you can taste that everything is made fresh and homemade. As you walk in, you can smell the fresh aroma of coffee and their quiche du jours. For today I got the roasted vegetables quiche (with spinach, mushroom and zucchini; so tasty) and cafe mocha. I have yet to try the chicken curry sandwich (which I read in one of the reviews here in yelp, is a secret menu) But quiet frankly, the best part of this shop are the owners, he welcomes you and chats with you as he prepares the meals and drinks. He gets to know you and asks if it's your first time or how you've been. He also talks you through the specials of the day. They're vey sweet and hospitable which made the whole experience lovely.
4	Baguette Cafe is one of my favorite family owned restaurants. It reminds me of a cafe in France as the smell of the fresh baked flaky croissants, chocolate  twists, muffins  and many other fresh baked items greet you as you enter.  For breakfast I enjoy the omelet croissant  with their special tomato basil sauce--and as always, served with a side of greens topped with their homemade dressing.  Sometimes it gets busy but being warmly greeted by Olivier and his mom is well worth the wait!
5	You will not find a better croissant in Vegas. This family run joint has top notch food, and is always packed. Try the daily soup, I have never been disappointed!
4	Small joint, super friendly staff, good sandwiches, large beveragesAverage prices:  tea (mighty leaf) & sandwich was $11/personLocated in an office park, not that easy to findGreat place if you work nearby, wouldn't necessarily trek out to it if notTables outside and insideMusic playing insideNo wifi that I could find
5	One word sums this review.... OMAAAAGAWD! Great stuff!  For starters I had the egg baguette panini w/turkey and mushrooms. To go I had the chicken curry and chicken eggplant. Staff was super awesome! Oliver mentioned one could open in Kauai,  that's even better! \m/ Mahalos!!!
5	I have to give it to you Vegas Yelpersfor giving this completely hidden gem,that is hella off, off, off, off, the Strip cafe(break out the GPS)the accolades it deeply deserves.I know it's wrongthat I didn't want to post my reviewin order to preserve this secret spot for myself,but, in the end, it didn't matter since300 other Yelpers still found about and yelped it.Anyways,The food here is just absolutely delicious.And the vegan option simply makes it that more special.Sandwiches are made withfreshly baked bread and an eclectic selection of tasty ingredients.The soups are lovingly made from scratchand the freshness and qualityis pretty evident with each wonderful sip.Moreover,Oliver made our visit feel more like going to a friend's home than a cafe.He is warm and inviting, super amicable, and to hear him gush about the food, makes you realize how much love and pride goes into the cooking.I do not give out five stars lightlyand is more rare that I give such a high reviewafter a first visitbut Cafe Baguette is like no other place I've visited before.
5	First time here today. My bf told me good things about this place, especially the croissants. Had the tuna sandwich for lunch. Very good! Tuna was fresh, nice chunks of egg and the bread was moist and chewy. Looking forward to trying other items on the menu!
4	A likeable Frenchman. Talk about your oxymorons.I had been wanting to try this place for a while, but it's WAAY off the beaten path for me, so I waited until I had to pick up my equally adventurous niece (hereinafter referred to as "Rosebud") from the airport, and we decided to search it out for a late lunch. ("Search" is no exaggeration - thanks to whoever posted that handy little map!)Once you find it, it's a pleasant little place with an absolute sweetheart (Olivier - the aforementioned Frenchman) behind the counter. Selections were on a chalkboard. I went with the curried chicken sandwich and zucchini parmesan soup. The bread was great, and the chicken was hot, juicy, and clearly freshly cooked. Rosebud went for the four-cheese special, and wound up having to scrape off some of the gorgonzola because it was too pungent. I had zero sympathy. People who order blue-veined cheeses get what they deserve.Because dessert is mandatory, she went with a croissant stuffed with Nutella, which she would have preferred heated. (Mighty picky for a non-paying guest, don't you think?), and I had the last slice of chocolate tart, which I eyed nervously every time some potential interloper stepped anywhere near the display case. It was silky and rich, and it was mine.Fellow Diet Coke addicts, be forewarned: Olivier fell victim to the silly internet urban legends about D.C. not being good for you, and stocks an alien brand of sugarless cola. The bottle was beautiful, and it didn't taste too bad, but it was not a reasonable substitute. I yam what I yam, and next time I'll bring my own.
5	WOW! Where should I begin?! Well, my boyfriend and I are from San Diego and came to Vegas for auctions (like storage wars) well we had a unit close by Baguette Cafe and yelped this place. We liked the reviews it had and all the hype it had about how good the food is so we decided to give this place a try. When we got there, we were treated very nicely by the employers and the place had a very good vibe, we looked at the menu and had very good choices. I got the chipotle sandwich and my bf got I don't know... I forgot but it was a chicken sandwich anyway, I got a vanilla latte and a banana chocolate chip muffin (yeah we love to try everything that's presented to us especially the dessert case) we sat outside and within I say 10 mins or so we got our food, it looked very delicious and couldn't wait to try it. OMG! It was beyond what I have expected! So delicious and full of flavors, I couldn't believe how good a sandwich was until coming here along with the vanilla latte and some unique soda I never heard of, great quality of food here. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who comes to Vegas or locals. There was this guy who was very approachable to customers and always had a smile on his face, I'm thinking it's the owner so it's always good to see great customer service coming from a person who owns the place. Love Baguette Cafe!
5	Great French cafe with handcrafted sandwiches and salads. Amazing soup specials. Unique and charming French atmosphere... Fun European cafe culinary experience! Great value too... Enjoy!!
5	Great service. Very diverse selection of goodies to choose from, all of which are very unique. The soup is made from scratch and is decided upon the morning of. (depending what is most fresh at the market)The chai is the best I've ever had. Hidden gem within a business park. Looking forward to my next trip backPs : Oliver is the best. Although people are consistently in and out, he remembered my name after just the one time I had previously been there. We could all stand to learn a thing or two from his kindness!Thank you Oliver!
5	Food is always great. Service is always excellent. We normally get the chipotle chicken sandwich on a croissant and the tuna salad (yum!). We tried the peanut butter chocolate chip cookie today...it was delish! Stop by for lunch. You'll be back for more :)
5	Best sandwich place in Las Vegas hands down. Their ingredients are fresh and always delicious. I just wish they were open on Saturdays also!
3	This place is very European.  It isn't bad but its not really my cup of tea.  The menu is pretty limited albeit unusual.The wait was a bit more than I cared for.  Enter off the 215 feeder road.  I tried to go in from Sunset and it doesn't go through.
4	This place is awesome :) they have illy coffee which is why I came but it has a great atmosphere and great service.
4	I am giving it four stars because of the service. The staff was very polite and service is quick. Love that it is organic and healthy. The place it self is small but it is perfect. I ate a salad but want to definitely go back and try more off of the menu.
5	Service is always on par. Never any complaints there. Their fruit smoothies are pretty good but it gets to be too sweet for me after awhile.Since the first few times I've been here back in 2012, they've added things to the menu. The two sandwiches I personally recommend and like to get are:Curry chicken sandwich & The ChipotleCurry seems to be the most popular but it's just so delicious! First timers, definitely get that one :0D.The place is quaint so if it's busy there won't be much room to sit. However, they do have outside seating so that's a plus. It's inside the office complex so you have to do a bit of hide and seeking to find it. ;)
3	So the food was fine (although a "prosciutto salad" should have actual prosciutto crudo on it, not the cheaper ham-like cotto, in my book), and the service was excellent, but if you, like me, read the article about choosing the best restaurants in the U.S. based on Yelp reviews, you're going to be disappointed. Especially if you spend $60 on a cab to and from the Strip. I'm sure it's a lovely spot for the people working in this office park, but if you're not one of them, you don't need to go way out of your way to eat here.
5	One of the few affordable places in Las Vegas that actually deserves top marks. Another high review is superfluous at this point, as Baguette Cafe has taken on a life of its own against some pretty hefty odds. It takes truly exceptional food and a passionate chef to survive in a half-dead commercial block on the outskirts of suburban hell; that's the only endorsement B.C. really needs.
4	4.5+ stars.The only reason Baguette Cafe does not get 5 stars is their limited seating.Tucked in the back of an office complex Baguette Cafe is a wonderful lunch spot and patisserie seemingly lifted from the left bank and deposited in LV.  Olivier and his staff do an amazing job of pushing out quality sandwiches, soups, breads, teas, organic drinks, and wonderful desserts.Attention to detail with his food is apparent, as quality ingredients and creative preparation are mixed with passion in every offering.  The emphasis is on fresh and simple, with detail down to the off-the-shelf drinks:  Olivier crowed to us about how his ginger soda was so special with natural ingredients.Get there early for lunch or prepare to stand in line.  Hope that they don't sell out of your favorite items before you get to the register.  Fridays are especially busy so plan accordingly.My only downgrade is the not-so-scenic office location.  Put Baguette Cafe alongside the Seine or in a more bucolic setting and this place is a lunch place10.Tres magnifique!
5	I've heard a lot of people talk about coffee shops in town that they think are the best. But the hands down best espressos, americanos, and lattes in town are served by Olivier and his team at the baguette. The snoberlin and hipster favorites samba latte and sunrise don't even come close to BC!
4	You can never go wrong here with anything that you order. The staff is always friendly and willing to help you navigate thought the menu. They even recommend something that wasn't on the menu. The chipotle sandwich would have to be my favorite.
5	Awesome sandwich! five-star service! As soon as I knew that I was coming to Vegas for a short vacation, I found out about this sandwich place. Although it has a Frenchie name, I was expecting this restaurant to be an "american sandwich" place. It surprised me with the lovely food and service there. I customized my croissant with curry chicken . The croissant was amazing, I would say the best I've ever had. However, my only complaint is the location. This is in the middle of nowhere and if you're not living in Vegas and you're not driving, it's about $40 cab from the strip to the cafe. So I spent approximately $80 just to come here and go back. The owner Olivier(with the french accent!) was super nice and he gave me a cookie for coming over that far just for his food.
5	Went there for the first time and LOVED!!! So yummy & owner is soooo sweet, on my way out he handed me a delicious blueberry muffin "on the house" !! Gonna try n get there earlier next time to catch a yummy croissant!
5	I've been here several times and Olivier, Chris and the rest of the staff are wonderful. Olivier always remembers me when I come in. I don't come here often enough to expect him to remember me, but it is quite nice to be recognized as a return customer. Again, I am a creature of habit and have always ordered the Bleu Brie sandwich. I also have ordered their soup of the day which regardless of what kind is always pretty tasty. I always get the chocolate tart if they have it and a large cappuccino. There's a reason they are in the top 100 restaurants in the United States.  They are in good company. This place is a great establishment and I hope they continue to do what they do. http://officialblog.yelp.com/2014/02/yelp-data-reveals-top-100-places-to-eat-bookmark-these-babies-now.html
5	I'm going to start finding excuses to hang out in Spring Valley so I don't feel bad driving across town for a meal. Wow, what a variety! My sister and I visited the cafe after an afternoon of hiking and didn't want to completely counteract the work we just put in, sharing two paninis did just the trick! We split the Grilled Eggplant and Chipotle Chicken; both incredible! Swapping halves was a great idea; we were able to try two menu items AND going back and forth from sandwich to sandwich was like tasting it for the first time again!! The upbeat, personable owner and employees had me thinking the place just opened.. nope, they're really that great! Overall, the place has a unique menu with great prices and a friendly atmosphere! Be sure to bring a friend so you can mooch off each other's food.
5	The greatest sandwich I have ever had my entire life. The owner is super nice and every person that works there treats you like a human being and not just a sale. Chris was so nice when he gave me my food and checked on me and asked how my food was. I plan on trying everything on the menu. The pesto sandwich was amazing. Chris recommended to chipotle next. I Know Where I'm GOING tomorrow!
5	I just ate there today and I have to say I loved the food. They have a great menu and the owner is a sweetie..
5	If you are in spring valley i def recommend this place friendly staff and great service!
5	After reading Dyanna L.'s review of this place, I hit the Bookmark button faster than a fat kid runs to cake (I'm a fat kid and when I see cake, I run exponentially faster at even the whiff of cake). Gathering medical records from various hospitals for myself and my Gammy, she asked if there was a place to grab some food that didn't suck. Knowing that Dyanna and I have similar tastes and FINALLY being able to check it off the bookmark list, I arrived here at Baguette Cafe. I highly recommend using GPS to find this place. It's tucked in with a bunch of medical offices and business buildings.The place has a fast casual environment. A huge portion of the space is occupied by the food prep station, espresso bar, and the kitchen. The space was mostly empty and there were a few patrons enjoying the Spring day outside.The menu is huge and written on a chalkboard, there were a variety of sandwiches, soups, and salads. There were vegan/vegetarian/carnivore options. I talked to the owner, Olivier, and he was knowledgable, answered all my questions, and made me feel welcome.My vegan cream of veggie soup was amazing. A green mush color, but full of flavor and it wasn't overly salty. It was balanced and delicious. I ordered an eggplant sandwich in vegan glory and my grandma got the tuna salad. Both were nice potion sized and excellently prepared. I love when you can taste freshness and that's what was delivered.Baguette Cafe was all that I hoped for and all that I dreamed it to be. I can't wait to find myself in the SW area of town to dine her for a quick, comfy, casual lunch again.
5	Fresh, tasty, and the service was wonderful! Next time I'll try one of the drool-inducing treats in the fresh baked display.Fresh, tasty, and the service was wonderful! Next time I'll try one of the drool-inducing treats in the fresh baked display.
5	This place is right down the street from my house, so it's very convenient for me to escape and come here for some study time.  The service is excellent, the food is delicious in presentation, and flavor, and the ambiance is very relaxed and comfortable.  The quality of the food and coffee is as good as it gets around here. By far my favorite local spot, and definitely the top of my list overall for the Las Vegas area.
4	This place is a real hidden gem - the thing I like most is that everything is fresh and the food is authentic. I didn't get to try any of the pastries, but ordered an amazing chef salad and mushroom soup. They're very busy at lunchtime so had a little bit of a wait - but really enjoyed checking it out. It's about 5 minutes from my office so will definitely go by again when I have the time. I would've loved to sit on the patio - but they were all full - like I said pretty busy. Definitely want to try the pastries soon, so i am going back for sure!
5	Baguette Cafe is always amazing. The owner is so sweet and remembers his guests. I like the family feel in this cafe, as he often mentions his wife, mom, and brother. Everything on the menu is gold: fresh-pressed juices, soups, pastries, but my favorite is the Acai Bowl, YUM. I've been many times, and will be back many more!
5	This place and the owner is awesome! Everything on the menu taste amazing and there is no guilt trip when eating it. All ingredients are organic and for you soda drinkers even the soda is organic. This place is a must and the owner will always remember you.
5	Service was amazing here. Like they genuinely wanted us to enjoy and have a good time, that's a feeling you don't get to often! Thank you Olivier! Food was yummy. As soon as I saw the word Brie I knew I was ordering that. The Bleu Brie grilled sandwich was creamy and crunchy and a perfect combination of flavors with the walnuts, apples, celery and cheese. You could get the sandwich with mushrooms or chicken and mushrooms were a great choice, very fresh. Also tried the Cauliflower Soup which was excellent. Great texture and seasoned perfectly. I've heard such great things and I'm glad I finally got to try Baguette Cafe. It's closed Saturday/Sunday so don't go on the weekends!
3	Owner/Chef Olivier is super friendly and introduced himself as I perused the menu- opted to get two sandwiches to share with my guy (the Eggplant and the Chipotle) along with a cup of the soup of the day (roasted red pepper). Sandwiches were made fresh to order, brought out wrapped up tight and hot to the touch. Wait time was a reasonable ten minutes.Chipotle was delish, with chipotle sauce, chicken, bacon, avocado, and pepper jack cheese- lots of flavor and a tiny bit of kick without too much spice.Eggplant sandwich was better than expected, with fresh-grilled veggie, mozzarella, and tomato pesto, served on a fresh and chewy baguette that held up despite the moisture of the sauces and the ample amount of stuffing in the sandwich itself.Soup was good and clearly homemade- flavorful and creamy without feeling heavy. Cup is a tiny portion, BF inhaled it and I barely got a taste. Didn't expect him to enjoy this flavor but it was gone so fast, he must have! ;)Wish hours were more convenient for early dinners or weekends to visit regularly. TIP: Location can be difficult to find. From Sunset, turn into the office park and wind your way to the very back (towards the highway). Yes, you can get here without being on the 215 access road.
5	Simple yet really tasty food. The owner put a lot of thought into the menu. Hard to find and seating isn't always adequate.
5	this is one of the best french cafe/bakeries in town.  the mocha latte is perfect on a hot day and goes well with their fresh baked strawberry muffins.  i especially like that everything is made on premise with fresh, natural ingredients.  no GMO's, no PHO's and no high fructose corn syrup.  or as Olivier would say, "one mocha, no poison".
5	This place is amazing...like everyone else, the host Olivier is awesome. He welcomes you with hospitality and continues until you leave. I think he makes an effort to remember your face and name.. he immediately asked me if it was my first time and called others by their first name.The place was a bit hard to find (Google maps was not accurrate). If you find yourself staring at a business building, just drive around to the back and you'll see it. They use Illy, so that was a plus for me to come here, but learning that all their items are "fresh" made and he is making a goal towards all organic and fresh (not frozen).
5	Consistently good service and food. Illy coffee A+. Yummy pastries and my fave sandwich - prosciutto with walnut sandwich. Wish it was in a more convenient location. Highly recommended. I suggest calling ahead for pickup - wait time can be very long.
5	Great place for lunch,  if you are looking for a quiet place to lunch this is a good place.Oliver is terrific make you feel very welcome.
5	Came here for the first time because a friend that posted on Facebook said they were really good and I had to come by and try for myself! Everything smelled and looked so good when I first walked in. I ordered a veggie quiche and breakfast croissant. Both were great! Olivier, the owner was great to talk to and very pleasant. We spoke briefly about each other's businesses and I highly recommend for people to come and try anything in the menu. I will be for sure coming back for breakfast and lunch since it's near my wellness center. The location is around corporate/business offices and is tucked away but is a gem once you find it! I can't wait to try more from the menu! :)
5	So I searched for about 45 minutes to find this place. Ive read the reviews for months and every time I find myself deciding where to eat I somehow forget to include this in my list of options. Its located in a business park which accounts for 70% of my inability to see it while driving down the road. But I assure you, 3 seconds after walking in the door I immediately recognized what all the hype is about.  And all of it is well deserved. The owner is working behind the counter and has no reservations abouts welcoming every patron walking in the door. Despite being busy, he took the time to explain the menu in fairly good detail. Hes undoubtedly one of the most pleasant individuals ive ever encountered,  especially in the service industry.  His disposition alone would bring me back. But the food itself is an amazingly executed blend of french and american flavor combinations that sets this establishment far above the rest. I ordered the pesto chicken sandwich.  And it was devine. Without a doubt, one of the best ive ever eaten. Regardless of where you live in the city, its a necessity that you give this place a try.
5	The food is great ! The workers here are so friendly.. I go here on a daily basis just to enjoy my day :]
4	First time here so busy and so good and yummy.The owner is super nice and friendly.  I love their sandwiches.I really felt like I was eating healthy and it was very flavorful.  No more junk eating for me lol.  I will be back for the quiche since they had run out.  Come check this place out . Lots of seating outside.
5	It took me a few minutes of circling in the business park to find this place in the back, but not an unreasonable amount. The staff was friendly and brought out food our in a timely manner. My friend and I were the last ones there until closing and they never made any attempt to hurry us out  or make it seem like we were inconveniencing them in any way. Oliver even came over to chat for a bit and refilled my friend's ice tea before we headed out. I had the turkey sandwich and the green juice, both were yummy and I'll be back in the future to try more food!
4	A real 4.5-star rating for lil' Baguette Cafe. If you're in the area (or work nearby), there's no better place to pick up a fresh 'wich, salad, or juice. The menu is small, so they don't spread themselves to thin here. That being said, theres something for everyone. Eggs all day, salads (with various greens and meats), pastries and hot & cold sandwiches are all represented. I've yet to hit the pressed sammies, but The Turkey, crispy greens and egg baguette panini (w/ ham added) are enough to have me hooked. Everything tasted fresh and the portion sizes were perfect for lunch.The real knocks here are the location (NOT easy to find from the road. Use the map in the Yelp app) and that the place is a bit small. When the queue reaches 4+ people, you might be waiting outside or right on someone who is eating. Avoid the lunch rush and you're money!
5	I am so glad I discovered Baguette Cafe. It is a very small cafe in a hard to find area. Unfortunately they are open business hours and M-F only which is a downside if you don't work or live in the area. As far as the food-it is top notch and my absolute favorite place to get a sandwich. I feel the ingredients used are fresh. I love any panini that includes the eggplant. It is well cooked and flavored. I also love the soups. Every soup I have tried has been pure deliciousness. I've been told they are all homemade and you can tell. I also enjoy their iced tea choices. I appreciate a restaurant that has brewed flavored tea, not just the plain unsweetened black tea. One time they messed up my order and gave me the wrong order and I did not notice until I was at home. I called to tell Oliver and he offered a free sandwich the next time I come in. That is good customer service and I liked that a lot.This place has kept me coming back for more every chance I get when I am not working. If they had longer hours and weekend hours I would probably be here more often. I can tell the owners passion every time I have come in here. He is always talking to his customers and is genuine with them.
5	I really wanted a place to enjoy a good book, have some coffee, and something to eat. This place has hit the mark for me! They have a great menu that includes a full espresso bar, fresh juices, quiches, sandwiches and salads. They have vegetarian options as well, which was good for me! All their food, including the bread, is made in-house. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. They have a great quiet patio if you want to enjoy your afternoon, inside is comfortable and has plenty of seating with tons of good natural light. I had a cup of coffee and found it to be weak, so they made me an americano with ZERO fuss. The two guys who looked like to be the owner(s) made recommendations, and asked me how everything was. I'm a big fan. Can't wait to come back
4	The food is amazing but the service is insanely slow. I've been here twice for lunch and both times were over an hour. The line is typically out the door so ordering alone can take 20 minutes. If you have the day off and nowhere to be than this place can't be beat. If you have the normal one hour lunch break then look elsewhere.Pros: amazing food and fresh daily specials. Reasonable pricesCons: really slow ordering process and service. Need to hire more staff.
5	Yum! The food here is delicious! Great quality and the staff is really friendly...they serve illy coffee and the most amazing baguettes, croissants, and pasteries. Only open Monday - Friday, though, which is a bummer. This place gets busy at lunch, so get here before 11:30 or so to avoid the rush.
5	If I could give Baguette Cafe 4.5 stars I would -- only because I want to them to be open weekends!This is truly one of the gems in Las Vegas. I try to make it in here one or twice a month. Oliver and the staff are amazingly warm and familial. And the food is fantastic. It's clear there is a great deal of care taken into the creation of each dish. The balance of ingredients is spot on. Oh, and the bread... oh my god, the bread. I keep meaning to ask if they sell it. It's perfection. I lived in France for 3 months when I was in college, and this is truly the only place I've been to since that really reminds me of the food and atmosphere there.
5	I always pass this place on my way home and finally decided to stop in and try it. It was pretty packed which I didn't really expect. I was excited when I saw they had a vegetarian/vegan menu! The young man at counter was polite and explained a lot to us even though it started to get a lot busier. I tried the Chipotle baguette and oh my gosh it was so delicious. I also tried the Thai Tea Frapp which was also amazing. The only weird thing about this place is the location. It's surrounded by realtor/business offices  so it might be confusing the first time you go there. The service was great too and the staff were very friendly. I have to stop by again to try their teas.
5	Everything I order is always delish.  Just wish I could get the chocolate tart every time I go!  I get there later in the day and it's all sold out.  :-)
5	Love this place!I've been many times and will continue to go. I love sandwiches and they have the best prosciutto sandwich! It was bits of walnuts in the mayo. The salads are good, too! I've been for breakfast and its a perfect amount. I had the croissant breakfast sandwich... I wanted to go back for seconds! I've had the quiche once. I love quiche but I felt their quiche lorraine had way too many onions. So that's off for me. But that's ok because everything else I've had is super good.Their desserts are so yummy! I get the chocolate tart and its spot in every time! The owners are very friendly and happy to make suggestions. The guys are very good looking too with a nice French accent.
5	The Eggplant w/ Prosciutto:  Fresh.  It had generous portions of the eggplant, but a bite with too much Prosciutto could come across as a little too salty.  The bread was a good crunchy chew to contrast the grilled eggplant and tomatoes.  The side salad was okay.The Morrocan:  Again, fresh.  The chicken wasn't dry, and the sauce was just the right amount of flavorful.  It didn't overpower the rest of the sandwich.  The baguette was good, as was the side salad.Watermelon lemonade:  Perhaps, my favorite thing from what we ordered.  It wasn't too sweet, and was refreshingly natural.  SERVICE/ATMOSPHERE:  The entire staff was warm and friendly!  We were catered on much more than I expected for a quick sandwich shop.  It's a small inside area with some outside seating.  You can tell that they really take pride in offering fresh ingredients and making them shine on your palette.  They don't serve soda (at least fountain style)and I love that.  It's speaks to the integrity of what they do here.
2	We decided to try this place out because of all the good reviews. However, we were extremely disappointed because of the ***VERY*** small sandwiches and the fact we had to go to another place just after eating here to eat lunch again because their portions are more like an appetizer. And, I am 150 lbs and my wife, 120 lbs so we are small people with a normal appetite.I don't know how places get by with a $ sign on Yelp when this could not be further from the truth. Their sandwiches are more like 1/2 of a typical sandwich and very stingy on the additional items like lettuce and tomato (micro bits and pieces). I told one of the owners we were disappointed and he blamed it on the baguette company not being consistent with their bread sizes. Come on, if the bread comes in too small,  you don't just rip off your customer,  you let them know up front and give a discount or something extra.This place is so tight and out of touch with reality that they give you just a few tiny pieces of lettuce on the plate which they called a small salad but it wasn't enough for a new born rabbit. Seriously, to see it was to believe it...they had to try hard to tear the lettuce that small. So, if you want to spend $16 on one whole sandwich (two of their sandwiches x $8) to get full go ahead. But this place is off the list!! Don't get me wrong, the food tasted good, but the the prices per portion would make this place easily $$$ restaurant!  And, the people were nice but I'm not in the habit of donating to the success of restaurants without something in return.  No thanks!And, this is a legitimate review by an engineer and his wife with no ax-to-grind against this establishment or owners. There was another couple that came in with us at the same time. It was their first time too and they left with the same disappointment as us, and we both questioned whether or not the owners may be better at generating false Yelp reviews than they are at running a fair establishment.
4	The food here is fresh and the coffee is delicately prepared. Thank god for Ilys Italian roast! Oliver is a very respectful host and super friendly. Every time I come here the service is friendly but a bit on the slow side since lunch is pretty busy.Definitely try their eggplant and ANYTHING with pesto, it's delicious and the proportions are perfect for lunch! The seafood bisque is rich and creamy. If your feeling sweet try their monkey latte.My only peeve is that this place is a little awkward to get to and it's tucked away on the side of a freeway and corporate offices.
5	After a nice drive through a bunch of parking lots because I was following my girlfriend who can get lost inside of a bathroom we finally get to Baguette Cafe!Simple looking place but what happens as i walk in? I was Greeted with a Hello!! and Good Morning! So hard for so many businesses to do but man it felt good to walk in.I ordered some breakfast sandwich and my chic got a breakfast croissant and a quiche. All were good and very Tasty. The next time I come here though I'm just gonna get the Egg with spinach quiche. I have 0 complaints, the place was flawless.
5	Finally found this place. Had the corn chowder and a lemon tart. Both were the best I have had. Please come.
5	Great service. The employees are friendly, everyone was in a good mood. The place was kind of hidden but I found it eventually. I had the chipotle panini with chicken and bacon on the inside and it was so delicious! The bread that it was in was so soft and had a perfect crunch to it. It also came with a salad and it was a great portion. It wasn't too small of a meal and it wasn't too much.
5	Stopped in on a random Wednesday afternoon. Wanted to try to quiche because of all the recommendations in these reviews but at 1:30 they were already out, must be good then! I decided to try the blue Brie grilled sandwich with a iced dirty chai latte with almond milk. I love that they give you lots of milk choices here! Everything was delicious and the customer service was on point. I will come back later and try the quiche!
5	Had a roast beef sandwich that was off the menu and just fantastic...filled out and will not be hungry for a while
5	OMG I looove this place! The chipotle sand which with mushrooms is my favorite. Plus hearing an actual Frenchman say 'croissant' to you is dreamy . If you're in a hurry for food avoid lunch hour tho! It's a madhouse!
5	Enjoyed a wonderful lunch at BC today. The food and service was wonderful. My guest who had never been there before could not stop commenting on how great the place was. It's always a joy to introduce people to a hidden gem like this.
5	Just amazing. Best food ever. Awesome service and locally owned. Tons of vegan options. Cant get sick of this place.
5	A hidden gem. Wonderful gluten free wraps for all the sandwiches--definitely recommend it!
5	I absolutely love this place! The atmosphere and the food are both amazing. The owner is passionate about his business and it is reflected in his food. He greets each customer and even when the line is out the door, he makes you feel welcome. This is the best lunch spot to have some wholesome food.
5	Love love love Baguette Cafe! My husband and I try to stop by there at least once a week. Great yummy sandwiches and salads, super fresh croissants and other pastry items. We prefer to go there before or after lunch hours as the cafe gets very busy and service tends to be slower.  I wish we could eat there every day!
5	Lived up to the hype. Just had the Moroccan chicken and the ham sandwich with a mango smoothie. Every bite  satisfied my taste buds. Fresh ingredients and simplistic style. There also a reason why they call it the baguette cafe. The baguette the sandwiches is are on is perfect.
4	Baguettes done right!After being told by so many people that Baguette Cafe is a must stop, I finally found myself in the area and time to stop by.Using google directions through yelp I was takin a little off course. If your using google you be directed to the other side of the cooperate buildings. Simply turn into the car park and drive through to get closer to the highway.Visiting on a weekday during lunch time, I expected a line and it blew through pretty quick. The owner was very nice and had time to chat. He recommended The chicken and The curry. Both were amazing! Everything is fresh, the actual Baguettes were freshly made. And even though I have driven past this place a million times I will be back real soon!! It's hard to argue with nearly every yelp review on here. Outstanding!OverallFood: 5-5Drink: 4-5Service: 5-5Coming back: Yes
5	Just went there for lunch to pick up for myself and coworkers. Olivier was very kind and welcoming and explained how all of their food is fresh and hormone free, and organic. The cafe was very busy, but my order came out very quickly. Definitely going back many more times! :)
5	Omg yummy little hidden gem!!! Egg plant sandwich really good and this coming from someone who would never get a veggie sandwich.the place is small with two people tables and Olivier is super nice and friendly can wait to come back and try their soups.
5	Everything was delicious! Chocolate croissant, pesto chicken sandwich, roasted veggie quiche, croissant sandwich, raisin croissant, yogurt parfait & latte. A fantastic breakfast to end to our Vegas trip. Kid-approved too.
4	Its a small cafe with a great selection of sandwiches, soups and salads. Its always great service & all very nice people.
2	Eh. It's an out of the way, hidden cafe with patrons from the corporate offices that surround it. If I worked in the offices around baguette cafe, I'd probably go back since there's nothing within walking distance around it. But I definitely won't make a trip there for lunch or breakfast. The food was decent, but nothing memorable.
5	I've been a regular for several years now, and it's still my favorite place in town. Everything is delicious - everything. Close your eyes and point. Not only that, but you can feel the love and passion that goes into everything both aesthetic and edible. And they care about YOU. I can go for 6 months without being able to visit Baguette, and Olivier still welcomes me like family and asks how I've been as casually as if I'd been seeing him every week. I see a lot of people complaining about how to find the place. HERE IS A TIP FOR THE EASIEST WAY TO GET TO BAGUETTE. If you are driving westbound on the 215, take the Buffalo exit. Go straight through the light at the top of the hill. You will be on a street parallel to the freeway, and you will drive right up next to the business park on your right before you hit Durango. There will be 3 total turns off of that side road (also known as Raphael Rivera Way). Take either the 2nd or the 3rd and you will be at Baguette. It is right in between those two entrances, up against Raphael Rivera. It truly doesn't get any easier than that. See? Not so hard?If you truly have no choice but to drive through the business park (say, if you were coming east/southbound on the 215),  when you turn off of Sunset do NOT just drive all willy nilly through the middle of the business park. That's how you are all getting so frustrated and hitting dead ends. Look at a Google map. If you refuse to look at a map ahead of time, then stick to the west side of the business park. Take Ganger Rd when you turn off Sunset, and stick closely to that far west side of the business park as you wind your way to the back of the business park towards Raphael Rivera. Eventually you will see that row of buildings that Baguette is tucked into in the very back peeking through the larger business structures.But seriously. Just look at a map. It's worth it.*After going today, I noticed that they've expanded their outdoor seating. TONS of places to sit now with plenty of umbrellas, it's very exciting for their lunchtime rush to see some extra room!
5	What can I say? I've been going here for a couple of years, but never wrote a review. Their bread is fresh, tasty, and the service is always good. It is hidden amongst corporate buildings. The hardest part is choosing what to eat! I've tried the bacon breakfast sandwich, the curry sandwich, the acai berry bowl ( very good ),  and my favorite - the prosciutto salad. I like how they include a small salad on the side when you order a sandwich. I've never had a bad breakfast or lunch here. :)
5	The wife and I have been coming here since we discovered this place thanks to Yelp! Plain and simple everything is great!
5	We love coming here for lunch.Bianca is always nice and greets us by our names.This place is so welcoming and good vibes.The food here is fresh and delicious.Chicken Pesto in croissant is my fave.Illy coffee and chocolate tart really hit the spot.This place is definitely 5 stars in my book.
5	Food was delicious! The owner took our order. He was pleasant and welcoming. The carrot soup had a unique twist to it, that makes you want to come back for more. The special ingredient of star anise, leaves a wonderful taste experience in your mouth. The eggplant sandwich was flavorful and the baguette style bread used was freshly made. The location may be out of the way, but trust me, it's worth the effort!
5	My first visit and I'm a firm believer of all the hype! The owner/Chef Olivier  is such a class act and nice man. The food (I ordered quiche Lorraine) was amazing-delectable and sooo delicious . Ambiance is very nice, people dining here truly enjoy good food. Plenty of options from hot to cold to sweets etc. Ample seating outside .  What a gem!
5	There is a new leader in the restaurant landscape of Vegas. Olivier and his crew know food to a level you would expect of a Michelin rated establishment. Take note gluten allergy suffers. Phenomenal customer service and the affordability is in a word - awesome.As some yelpers know this place is slightly harder to locate in a office park - but it's a great location and both the indoor/outdoor layout is relaxing.Everything is good. In France chefs can be measured by the quality and consistency of their food. The sandwiches are very well done - the soups are fantastic.You are gonna want to try everything - enjoy
5	Discovered this place a few months ago and I'm a regular.  You can't beat the quality of food, fresh organic options, and the atmosphere.  It's a quaint little cafe with indoor outdoor seating available and the friendly service makes it 5
5	I really enjoy the baguette cafe. I always feel so welcomed here and the food is always delicious.  Try the chocolate croissant.  Its wonderful.
5	Fantastic little gem. Don't be dissuaded that it's located in an office park. This place has an amazing menu and they use local and organic ingredients when possible. The quality of the food is top notch and delicious. The owner, Olivier, is fantastic. He is very friendly and makes sure to greet everyone warmly. He is extremely knowledgable about French cuisine and takes time to explain the menu to newcomers. Our only lament is the location. We wish it was closer to Green Valley! My wife and I (and our dogs) would come several times a week if it were closer to home!
5	WOW  What a treat.  I was very surprised by one of my coworkers to when he said we were going to this great place to eat and we turned into an office park.  GET OVER IT.The place has creative soups, sandwiches and salads.  The combinations are excellent.  The gazpacho is one of the best I have ever had.  Also love both the hot and cold sandwiches.  If I ate here more often I would have to see if they would accept direct deposit from my work.  IT IS THAT GOOD!!!
5	Love this place! Coffee is great and pastries made fresh and yummy! There's outdoor seating great for when the weather is nice.
5	I recently moved back to the Southwest due to my work relocating only a single 215 exit away from Olivier and crew.  I've been inviting a steady stream of co-workers to come lunch with me at BC.  Lunch doesn't get any better than this.  My current lunch time fix involves an order of the Moroccan sandwich, which comes with a choice of chicken or eggplant.  I am by no means a vegetarian, but on this sandwich I actually prefer the eggplant due to the moist, tender texture.  If I'm feeling splurgey, then I grab a 'Real' coconut water to pair, which is as close to cracking open a coconut as you're gonna get.  Lunch time is hopping, but somehow we always manage to find a table, as long as you don't mind sitting outside.
5	This has to be one of Vegas's hidden gems. If you haven't tried their homemade soups yet I suggest you do they are incredible. I would eat here everyday if I could I love it that much. Oliver is so gracious and you can tell that the entire family takes such pride in the food they prepare. I have tried almost every sandwich on the menu and they are all great. The bread is always fresh. The dressing on the salad that accompanies the sandwiches is to die for. They should bottle and sell it. I am lucky enough to work close to here but wish I lived closer. It is so good that I will sometimes order enough to take home for dinner.
5	Delicious & friendly staff! The baguette used for the sandwich was extremely soft and the potato soup was perfect for today's gloomy weather. Only downside was that the coffee was slightly acidic/sour but that's only a preference. Will def be back for lunch soon
4	My goal is to check out at least one of Yelp's 100 every time I leave the island so this trip to Vegas took me straight to Cafe Baguette from the airport. I was greeted by the owner, Olivier, a very nice man who introduced me to the rest of the staff that day. Being it was my first time, he recommended the egg and croissant. I ordered mine with ham and also ordered a latte and a chocolate twist. The croissant was excellent, so buttery and flaky. It was a delicious sandwich. My latte was yummy as well, especially because it was made with whole milk and I usually get mine nonfat. Baguette Cafe only offers whole milk, almond milk and soy milk. The chocolate twist, although amazing, was too sweet for me and I couldn't finish it.  I think I would have loved the chocolate croissant.  I really enjoyed the warm ambience of the cafe.  Such friendly service made breakfast a delight!
5	Very cute, very fresh, very delicious! It is located in a very odd place but once you get over that fact, you actually notice how it's actually in a perfect place. It's isolated and very mellow.I came on my lunch break after all the great reviews I saw, I just had to try it. The lady who took my order was very helpful. She even let me taste the soups of the day because I couldn't decide which one to order. I went with the half Mushroom soup and half Chicken Chipotle grilled sandwich. You can tell that the soup was just made and wasn't sitting around all morning. It wasn't too creamy and had good bold flavors. I am NOT a mushroom lover but this soup was really good. The sandwich was amazing. It is a pretty small half sandwich but it was a perfect size for me. But I think most of you should order a full sandwich. The bread was made from scratch. The ingredients tasted fresh. I also got a iced green tea which I really liked. The owner, Olivier, was great! I went to talk to him about getting a menu to take with me but unfortunately he doesn't have any yet. He did grab my e-mail and he sent me a copy of the menu. When costumers would walk in he would automatically address them by their name. Now that's good customer service and it shows that he has regulars that come in for his amazing food. He even let me know that he uses all organic foods and meats are processed clean with no hormones. He said he really cares about what goes into the food, which I really appreciate.I will definitely be returning again.
5	The best hot sandwich so far in my life! The owner was super nice. It was very filling.  I highly recommend this place!
4	Amazing food, especially for the price.  The only downside was that the waiter was obviously weeded and I waited an eternity before getting my own coffee.
5	My husband and I finally made it here to try their food.  It was so awesome.  The chicken curry sandwich was very good and we also tried the clam chowder.  Will definitely return when we take another vacation day since they aren't open on weekends.
4	I will give it a 4.5 stars. We came in on Monday right at lunch time expecting it to be crazy, but it wasn't so we were able to order and grab a seat out on the patio. Olivier was ringing people up and he was super friendly. The cafe itself is small, cute, and clean. I loved the patio seating. Even though it's located in a business center, you don't really feel like it at all. I ordered the Blue Brie and leek-potato soup. My bf ordered he Moroccan and a smoothie. Everything was delicious! I LOVE the bread the sandwiches come on. I guess they make it fresh daily. It has a nice crisp on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. It's just perfect for sandwiches. Both sandwiches were great but I preferred the blue brie. I really want to try the Chipotle the next time I go. The food is all very flavorful and tastes fresh. It's a great little spot and can't wait to go back.
5	Take the buffalo exit no matter which direction you are coming from. Take the on ramp to the 215 north but keep right. Its in big building complex can't miss it. This place has great food, great setting/seating. The highway noise is forgivable considering it costs 1/2 what our usual meal at eggworks would cost. Don't miss this hidden gem.
5	Between the 3 of us, we had sandwiches: the chipotle, the blue Brie and the 3 cheese. All very good, but my favorite is The chipotle sandwich
4	I am a fan of the pressed panini. To me, it's a bit pricy for an every day lunch spot but the portions are good and salad is great. Also amazing illy coffee.   They also have an outside seating.  The owner is very personable and staff are really friendly so it make it even more enjoyable lunch time.Note: Get there early if you do not want to wait on the long line! It's worth the wait but if you have limited time to grab a bite get there early or order by phone before heading over.
4	I stopped at Baguette Cafe two years ago on a Saturday to find out they were closed on weekends.  With much of their business coming from the office buildings where, they're located, that's probably a goof idea because even though it's along the freeway, it's off the beaten path.There was no line and I ordered a Moroccan sandwich with chicken, one of their grilled sandwich options.  This sandwich can also be made with eggplant for a vegetarian option.  With it, I ordered an iced black tea.I sat at a high top table on the side so I could watch the people do their work at the grill and espresso machine.In a short time, my sandwich and tea were on my table.  The sandwich came with some mixed greens with a little dressing.  The Moroccan is made with goat cheese, roasted tomatoes, roasted red peppers, and is topped with a North African spiced aioli.  The sandwich was quite good and the mixed greens were a perfect amount for a lunch portion with sandwich.  I really liked the North African spiced aioli.  It gave the sandwich a very good flavor.The cafe has a nice area for outdoor eating between the two buildings or in front where it's shaded.  It looked very pleasant but the morning was still cool m so I stayed indoors.I would have tried a pastry but there wasn't much of a selection left.  It looked like the pastry people had come through and bought everything in sight.I do like this place but it really is inconvenient to get to from where I live.  It's a good option if you're in the area.  If you're coming west on the 215, I'd exit at Buffalo and take the frontage road from there to the business park. Going to Durango would involve some backtracking.
5	Experience: I really enjoyed this place.  I had an appt around the corner, so I thought I'd check it out.  The most disappointing part was how far away this is from my home. Service: As I came in, I noticed a very friendly faced man who introduced himself as Olivier. I told him it was my first time, and I wanted his suggestions, but I knew I wanted some of whatever he was making with those watermelons. He told me to try the Eggplant sandwich. He then asked my name, shook my hand, and continued to introduce me to his whole staff.  Wow!  Never felt more welcome walking in a place. Food: I went with Olivier's suggestion of a half sandwich and cup of homemade soup. I also ordered some of the fresh squeezed watermelon lemonade. The sandwich was crispy on the outside with warm cheese and grilled eggplant in the middle. The soup was loaded with big chunks of vegetables. The lemonade was amazing.  So light and refreshing, I wanted more, but I was too full. Facility:  This is a small cafe type atmosphere, but the true charm was the outside seating. I just happen to come on a beautiful day that allowed me to enjoy the almost European atmosphere.  There was comfortable seats, plenty of greenery and soft music playing. Loved it!!!!!Overall review: definitely a 5 star experience, from the warm welcome from the owner, to the wonderful outside seating, to the delicious food.  I will be back!!!
2	So I am visiting wit friends from out of town and we came here. I asked the girl abt some stuff and ordered our food. I guess they forgot to write down my sandwich and without any apology they said they would make me one. After bringing it over, my other friends finished, they decide to charge me, after they made a mistake. The food was alright but the service was terrible. Chill out with your bad attitude and learn customer service, this is las Vegas. Never coming back.
3	The place is hard to find because it's buried behind some office buildings but once you find it, you'll find it very enjoyable.The food was delicious. I ordered the chicken sandwich and the chicken was moist and juicy.  Service was a bit on the low side.  Their credit card machine was not working and the employee spent about 10 minutes trying to run my card though. This held up the line.  The employee should have known how to manually process the card.  Also, when they delivered the food, I asked for an extra box which was never brought to me.I will return to this place in the future though.
5	Cool little place! Totally glad I stopped by for breakfast. My food was solid and so was the staff. Great work guys I will be back soon!
5	The best french bakery in Las Vegas, all around. Their pastry is very flaky, a real delight,  from the croissant to the quiche, everything is a must try! Pain au raisin (raisin filled pastry), pain au chocolat, torsade au chocolat, just to name a few. And their sandwich are to drool for, the French baguette is very crispy and light, their omelette made with fresh eggs and you can have it runny inside with all sorts of ingredients, jam, double cheese, bacon, mushrooms, onions... this bakery has nothing to envy compared to any bakery in Paris, that left alone, to any french bakery in vegas. 5 thumbs up!
5	What a find!First let me say that the owner of this place is just delightful. He takes so much pride in his work and in his food that he is genuinely sad when you tell him you are taking the order "to go".He really wants you to stay and enjoy yourself.Great vegetarian/vegan options. I tried the Moroccan Sandwich (forget what the actual name was) - and it was amazing.The coffee - well of course it was spectacular too. Great area for outdoor seating, and also a lovely cafe feel on the inside. Prices reasonable, and portions very fair. Will definitely return to try the rest of the menu, and will plan to hang out for a bit longer as the vibe and energy here was just wonderful.
5	The food was delicious and the service was excellent!  My husband loves their mango smoothie, saying it tastes like pure mango, not diluted. I tried their vegan food and my husband had a hot sandwich with meat. The versatility of this place makes it great for groups.  One of the owners even suggested other places for us to try. We highly recommend this cafe. :)
5	Our first time at Baguette Cafe and we were very impressed! Homemade fresh croissants..SOOO delicious! Also had the mocha almond caramel latte..oh my..never going back to Starbucks after trying this. We absolutely love this place and will be coming back to try everything they have.
2	Great food but service is sooooo slow!! I come here about 5 times a month because the food is great. But please be warned that if you don't have a long lunch break or are in a hurry this is def not the place for you. 1 cashier no matter how busy they are. Wait time is always about 15-20 min minimum even on slow days. I even tried calling In my order 3 different times and gave them about 20 min each time before I even got here. And guess what?? It still took 15 min. Never fails.
5	Fantastic cafe food, sandwiches, salads and soup. Olivier, the host is super friendly and accomodating to your specific food needs. 5 STARS for sure, try it out!
4	Love this place. I wish it was open on the weekend.  My cafe mocha was a tad too sweet and hard to finish but that is my only complaint.  The herbal teas are beautiful and croissants are very special.
5	Owned and operated by 2 french brothers. These guys make the most ridiculously good food, and are extremely dedicated to providing great customer service. They make everything fresh, and their croissants are amazing. Everything is healthy and delicious. I go at least once a week!
5	Best food for the value I've ever had. Croissant used to make the sandwich was warm, flaky and luscious. Fast, friendly service, with a chill atmosphere. Definitely try this out!
5	What a great little spot! The menu is great and the ingredients are fresh. Yummy pastries and delicious smoothies too! The owner is very sweet as well.
5	Honestly one of the best French restaurants I've ever found. Easily the best in town. Always prompt and very welcoming service. Wish they were open on weekends, but cant ask for any more than that. Gotta try their always fresh out-of-the oven quiches, curry and pesto sandwiches are amazing too.
5	Best kept secret in Las Vegas!Hard to find e z to fall in love withOwner is super friendly food is always freshSoups are best in town and must try!All the sandwiches are super yummy My fav is the Moroccan with eggplant Another great one is the tuna sandwichGreat for breakfast and lunch!
5	Love this place! Service can be slow, but the food is so delicious and authentic. My friend said they have the best croissants she's ever eaten. And lord knows making croissants is a VERY difficult process.I always get the Moroccan chicken sandwich. I've tried the chipotle sandwich and the pesto sandwich, but the Moroccan has the perfect blend of complex flavors that makes for a fantastic sandwich. Sandwiches come with a (small) side salad. I don't recommend the juices--they aren't the most appealing.
