5	A HIDDEN GEM in Scottsdale.  You have to almost search for the small wooden entrance door, and upon entering you almost feel like youve stepped into some sort of dungeon.  This place is all about wine.  They offer tons of different flights and yummy appetizer/finger food to go along with it.  The setting is almost like a dark basement, with huge plush chairs, and most of the light coming through the dark stained glass window.  This place reeks of sexy and would be a really impressive second date.  Its quiet and romantic and really unique.  Come if you LOVE wine.
5	It is a gem.  Hidden?  Literally perhaps.  Try finding a place to sit during prime hour, though.  I really do like this place a lot despite the yuppie crowd.  Great wine selection.  Tasty bites.  Very dark.  Couches.  Cool place to spend New Years Eve.  Reserve a table and settle in for the night.
5	I came here one night when I was in Scottsdale for school. My classmates and I decided to just walk around. No doubt this place is really hidden! But once you are inside, it is actually a pretty big very dimly lit wine bar with tons and tons of options (over 1800 wines!). The waiters/waitresses are extremely knowledgable and the service was great. We ordered a bottle of Spanish red as well as olives and cheese. I forgot what kind of wine it was but it was really good. I am no wine connoisseur but I definitely enjoy Spanish wines. This is a great place for a date, a group of friends for a quiet chat, and even just with one friend. Very private and intimate.http://www.kazbar.net/
5	LOVE IT!!!  i challenge anyone to acutally look through the wine "menu"... it is about as long as the bible... if you don't believe me, go through page by page... but you feel like you are actually in a wine cellar and they have great aps that go along with the wine... but sssshhhhhhhh... dont tell everyone it is still a pseudo gem since no one can find it...
5	The wine list is a good 40 + pages.  They even had wines from the boyfriend's homeland.  (Trust me, it's not easy to find Uruguayan wine.) The sommelier knew his shit, without making me (the total wine novice) feel like a total wine novice.The cheese plate was great.  And the olives.  Oh, the olives.The Spanish guitarists and flamenco show were enjoyable and unpretentious (aka non-Scottsdale-y) on the Sunday night we were there.  Big ups to Omer for introducing us to this place.
5	It's unfortunately been a couple years since I've been here but I just adore the place! I grew up in Scottsdale so while there visiting, my friend wanted to take my husband and I out. She asked what kind of place we liked and we said, "Quiet, cozy, with good wines and a relaxed atmosphere." And by God, Kaz is all those things and more! Just like others have said, the wine list is out of this world... both in length and in quality. I also love the decor, full of cozy couches and chairs. We went on a decently busy night and yet it wasn't hectic, overcrowded feeling or loud. Simply perfect. I can't wait to go back.
5	To echo the sentiments of quite a few already, this place is cool. I wanted to chime in, however,  to emphasize the badassness of Monday nights here. They have a rotating cast of live jazz musicians who serenade guests with old standards as well as some newer and original stuff while you sip back on good wine. Jazz and wine? At the same time?? It doesn't get much better than that, folks.
3	Everybody loves this place, and maybe because of all the word of mouth i was expecting something spectacular, but i was just kind of like, oh, so this is Kazimierz...ok.i was also put off by the very poor attitude of the door guy. my boyfriend took me there for valentine's day, and the door guy kept us outside and hounded me over my ID while i chattered my answers through my teeth in my dressy top. i'm not a jerk about these things, either, i know i look young and these guys are just doing their job, but he was seriously going out of his way to be crappy about it.anyway, we made it inside finally and the food was pretty good. i had a walnut/pear salad and we shared one of their pizzas. my date thought the pizza was amazing while i found it to be so-so. the live entertainment was nice, but too loud.i think i'm just such a die-hard fan of postino's in phoenix that with my first impression being the door guy i never gave it a fair chance. but still, i'll pick Postino's over this place any day.
4	Sometimes I feel like I went to a different place than everyone else.  I've been there a few times and there was never live music, I've never eaten their food - or been offered a menu so I didn't even know they had food until I saw it on Yelp reviews, and I've never had any wine.  Ok, so the wine is my fault - I'm one of those people who wont have a single drink if I'm geting behind the wheel and since this was a place we went after work, I was always driving.  I worked right near there and we went by about 5ish - right after work.  Both times we were almost the only people in there. And it had soft natural light coming in from the windows.  I liked the background piped in music, but it wasn't anything to write home about.  And since there were no wait staff, we sat at the bar each time - though the chairs sure looked comfee.So the bartender was always nice, but this is such a dramatically different Kazimierz that I almost hesitated to review it.  But then I started thinking it might be worth it for those who wanted a nice, relaxed casual spot for drinks ater work since no one else seemed to be there at the time.  And since I haven't seen this mentioned anywhere else - Beer and wine only.  A friend tried for a Whiskey sour and was quickly turned down.  Important to know when taking your friends to a bar.
5	I've been to this bar many of times and I totally thought it was nameless and that made me like it that much more.  You walk in and it's pretty dim in there.  The room is just basically lit by candlelight.  They have a superb wine list and wines by the glass.  Grab yourself a table or a sofa and get comfy for the night.  There is no other place that you need to visit! This is the place to be!
5	This has to be my favorite guilty pleasure on Thursday nights.  For a while there I was addicted - even memorizing some of Dennis Rowland's jazz covers!  Luckily, I got a life, and hadn't been in a while.  But I found myself here last week showing off this place to an out-of-town visitor, and was sorry I had even left.Kazimierz is a quintessential Phoenix experience, not because it's typical Phoenix -- but because it shows how magical a great space, a great wine list (1800 bottles deep), an entertaining performer, and an interesting mix of guests can do for a bar.Regarding the rest: * Everyone else accurately describes the set-up.  * I've never had the food here as I'm always here post-dinner.  * The service here is always professional and above par.  * And the jazz entertainment on Thursdays ($5 cover) is always a crowd pleaser.  Speaking of the crowd it ranges the gamut in age, ethnicity and types -- from guys/girls night out (on their way to Suede), couples canoodling on a dinner date, to older couples there for the music.My only complaint as another reviewer points out is the tacky wine menu - in a three ring binder?!?   It's quite the disconnect.  Why not go one step further and put the wine selection in a.... Trapper Keeper.  Klassy!If you get a chance check this bar out in July for the Christmas tree and candy canes.  Ho ho ho, winos!
5	Kazimierz is wonderful for dates: first, second, or millionth. It's absolutely one of my most favorite date spots (obviously) and the extensive wine list is fab. I've never tried the food. The service is always so wonderful (as seems to be the standard for the Kaz/CowCiao/SeaSaw group)... just go, it's really great.
5	Great atmosphere, good service by attractive people, good selection of wines, and a perfect place to chill and relax. This place is so comfortable... it's dark and full of comfy couches. Occasionally, there's an amazing jazz band that plays. The food is fantastic. You don't have to dress up to go here, but you'll probably want to. I love this place and have only been bummed out a couple times going there... once because of the douchebaggery that night and another time because the door guy was a bit of a dick. Both times though it was on a really busy night. Most of the time, it's one of the best places to go.
4	this place is cool for lack of a better term...  first the quest to find this hidden treasure is cool as you have to go around the street trying to find the entrance...  then looking at the sign outside the door is cool, "the truth is inside"... indeed it is...  then the setting inside is cool as are the couches.  the staff is cool too as they'll help you to try to find a free seat and will inform you as soon as one becomes available...  definitely cool...we just had a nice chill time in this totally laid back spot.  the place has a great feel and ambiance to it.  man, i'm really bad about remembering to take the names of wines that i love but we had a great pinot noir that i can't remember the name of!  in any case, the best deal here is the flight of roses as it was 10 bucks, excellent and each glass was a much as a full glass of wine!
4	I am not a huge fan of going out during the weekends. I try to avoid the rif-raf that inundate old town during the weekends. But, there are a couple places I will go to on a Friday or Saturday night. Kazimierz is one of them. It's intimate (so I can actually talk to my friends and not over the music), has great wine and liquor list (priced reasonably relative to other places), great service, and knowledgeable staff . I'm not a huge fan of the food there, but the liquor list is good enough for me. Plus, most other customers that go there are like minded individuals that don't want to deal with the same old town crap or it's date night (which means the guys are on their best behavior).
4	I liked it here a lot, but yes it's kind of hard to find.  The wine list was great, however lacking in a white wine selection (which our server admitted to me) but my husband enjoyed each of the red wines he selected and they even carry his favorite liqueur Cuarenta y Tres.  Our server was helpful in giving us suggestions but I would definitely pay attention to what they tell you.  The food was average, our "flatbread" was too thin on one side and fell apart and was quite messy (which was tough to handle without a fork and knife, which they did not give us without asking).  As far as food goes I would have to say that Postino is better.  We had the French Quarter flatbread which was good but I did think the crawfish was overly fishy in smell though (but I don't have a great frame of reference on Cajun food, ask Ashley A on that one!)  The cheese fondue was good, slightly perfumey but good and I felt the chocolate fondue was average, nothing that was any more spectacular than what I could make in my own kitchen.  (They also gave us odd numbers of things to dip which is a pet peeve of mine...we're two people.  I hate being like well, I'll take the extra strawberry and you can have the creampuff. Obviously they do not compare.)  The ambiance is very nice, it's actually as if you are in a wine cellar.  It's dark and cozy and with no idea of the outside world you could lose yourself in here for hours.  They have a really nice large backroom that would be great for a small group.  The location in Old Town gives you many options for shopping or continued drinking when you are finished.One thing I really didn't like is that the hours listed for Happy Hour on their website are different than what is on the menu...and who can make it to Happy Hour by 5pm?
3	For some reason, I can't take this place seriously...I think inside the atmosphere is cliched the wine list is large, but pricey, and the servers seemed to have an attitude. I felt as if I wasn't supposed to be there,  Since it's so "secretive" location-wise. We had to ask the burning bush for directions, and then find the key hidden by the singing swordsman,  and the door required a secret word to open. I mean really, just put up a sign, please..this isn't 1920's Prohibition Chicago. I guess if you want a full Scottsdale experience this is probably a good place to go. I feel like I'm spoiling all the reviews from my fellow yelpers, but I am not a big fan of this place. The food is great, and if you want  a cozy atmosphere, than you'll get it here but  If I could give 2.5 stars, I would....based on the obnoxious factor.  To measure the obnoxious level of any place, multiple the weight of all silicon implants, by the number of face peels, divide that by the number of nose jobs, and square that = obnoxious rating.
4	I know, I know... why the hell review Kazimierz? Hasn't everyone reviewed it already? Yes.. but I can't help it. It's sentimental. I've had some of my *best* dates here. And it's where I met my husband!So deal with it, people.Love the atmosphere. Even when you walk in, it smells like tannins (or is that dirty leather? Well, whatever). It always feels dark and earthy and romantic.I always get the fondue, which is pretty good. The best time to go here is NOT on the weekend nights. Sundays, Thursdays, any other days, they will often have live jazz or blues. Tonight I got to hear jazzy Christmas music, which was great. The weekends, however, can be lame, as they charge you for... absolutely nothing, other than walking in the door.Why not five stars? Well, the long line for the bathrooms. AND the fact that, in spite of being a wine bar, many of the wines aren't that good. I was all excited to try one of the flights they have with Armenian and Lebanese wines. But they weren't actually that good. Some of the other wines I've tasted have just been mediocre.One exception? The zinfandel I had tonight. Something from Mortenson "dry creek." Can't remember the actual name of it because, well, I had too many glasses of it...but it was delicious! Spicy and warm and with a finish that reminded me of... marshmallows? I know that description won't make it into Wine Spectator or anything, but honestly, it was awesome!
4	Everything people told me about this place being hard to find were true. Thank goodness I was with Kristin S. and she had been there before so she knew where to go. If I had tried to find it by myself, I think I'd still be walking the streets of Scottsdale.It's really cozy inside, but definitely a place you could have a romantic evening or just a nice dinner with friends. I had the three cheese fondue and it was delicious. The amount of bread and apples on the plate were just enough, so that I was pleasantly content after eating it all, but not stuffed. For three glasses of wine, a flatbread pizza (which I didn't try, but it looked delicious), and my three cheese fondue, our bill was around $45. Now that I know where this place is, I will definitely be back.
4	I love the food!! Love for the environment.. eh.. not so much.Mom and I missed our reservation at Cowboy Ciao's on a Friday night and a worker recommended us to visit the sister restaurant "Kazimierz." Ok, we'll go as long as they have the famous Stetson Chopped salad. My mom loved the salad when she went to Cowboy Ciao.So we enter the restaurant and the place is so dark. How the heck are you suppose to find a table and read the menu?? We had no idea how the seating worked, so we asked a worker. We were seating within a couple of minutes. Mann.. we had to hold up the candle to read the menu. The environment is nice if you are just spending time with your friends and chatting. But to eat and see your food?? The darkness is not good for that.Anyway, we had the Stetson Chopped salad ($12). It was sooo good with the smoked salmon, dehydrated corn, pepita mixture, and the greens. Yummy!The Burgundian Flatbread ($13) was also delicious! I liked the crispy crust and the chunks of brie!! Wow!! The morels and the shallots gave the flatbread some sweetness.Since I liked the food, I'll give this place 4 stars. However, I wish I could see what I was eating. Thank goodness I took a picture of what I was ingesting. The service and atmosphere is more like 3 stars.
4	Likely the best wine bar in old-town. This place has a stellar reputation with locals. My one and only gripe is how busy it is - which makes finding a seat rather difficult.Nice and dark with a wine list that will blow your socks off, and potentially your hard earned dollars too...The crowd is well mixed, slightly older and more sophisticated. A great place to meet up with friends and chill.
5	Seriously, slamming Kazimierz as a wine bar is like slamming Lombardis in NYC for pizza.  Let's get a hold of ourselves here.  Forget about the food, if you want food, go to a restaurant.Forget about smiling doormen.  If you want smiles, buy a ticket to the next "Up With People" tour that comes into town.Forget about light.  If you want light, go hiking in Sedona and soak in the sun.Bottom line, if you can't find a wine that pleases from this enormous list, you must not have a tongue.
3	DRINKS: From what I've experienced from the only time I've been there, I am definitely going back. I had an amazing Left Hand Milk Stout, which so far has been the best stout I've ever had. Fancy presentation for some harder drinks, and I actually downed a tequila/brandy blended shot without my face imploding.ATMOSPHERE: This place definitely comes off as a local's underground secret. From what I saw, there was no front sign displaying "Kazimierz" but only a wooden door at the back of a building reading "The Truth is Inside." At this point I am slightly worried I am entering a cult's headquarters. Why so secret? The dark, candle-lit room cannot hold that many customers but I went on a Saturday night around midnight and had no trouble finding a comfy seat. The music is groovy and the interior designing, or what you can see through the darkness, is pretty nice. PRICE: I spent $5 on a bottle of milk stout that was surprisingly good, as this place does not seem like the beer-drinkers Mecca. I can't afford to frequent this place, but its great for a drink now and then.
3	I have been going to Kaz since it opened. I have been there perhaps 75 to 100 times. I really enjoyed the original crew of Michael, Germann,and Rich really made this vino alley a chill place to drink and relate. Over the years the wine list changed to incorporate more and more fun and non commercial choices. Where else in town can you get Domaine El Bordj from the Atlas Mountain of Algeria. That wine has Farranah, El Maoui and Tizourine varietals in it......picked those up at your local Fleming's lately?It is hard I suppose to retain core quality staff and they leave eventually. The new younger XYZ and Nexter service staff are eager but lack knowledge and manners at times. Recently, I took another wine professional friend in there for his birthday and I ordered an  older vintage of Showket Sangiovese. It arrived after 20 minutes, and the young woman opened it for me. As I drew it to my nose I caught the unmistakable TCA vapor. I stated the corked condition of the wine, and rejected this natural flaw. She rather indignantly took the bottle to her manager. The "manager" a rather impish sprite of false authority. He poured a taste and took it down. He shook his head, and told the girl "it's not corked!"Draw a sword on me, Young Lad, and taste the smoke of my blunderbuss. She attempted to hawk the fouled blood of Jupiter back on us which I rather vehemently told her that I needed another wine. We then ordered another vintage of the Showket Sangiovese and after 10 minutes......Voila.....she told us they were out! I then told her that we wanted to order one of the original vintage choices and that we were really THIRSTY! Again, after 5 additional minutes she arrived back and finally opened a delicious wine. The whole episode left a sour taste in my mouth (Pun Intended).Even more recently, I had a Spanish Wine exporter friend named Juan De Vega in town and he wanted a place to drink cocktails and wine. Not much choice for location other than Kaz so I took him down there. Of course, it was packed to the gills so we could not get close to the bar. Two Young women offered to allow us in to order so we bought a round. We introduced ourselves and they started to play games like kissing each other passionately for our viewing pleasure, although one claimed to be dating the chef. Both us are happily married men and thankfully not intrigued by their act . We attempted to be friendly, but disengage so we could talk wine business. The more mental of the duo became oddly fixated on Juan and kept interjecting rude and schizophrenic comments. I attempted to again be friendly but explain that Juan and I were just attempting to talk business. But Nooooooooo......freaky girl lost it and started to cry. I grew tired of the Mary Hartman Mary Hartman episode, and we paid our bill and bolted.I will give Kaz another try down the road, but rude guests and clueless service staff are intolerable to me.Another peeve is the constant damp odor of cleaning supplies that permeate the room. Not so nice when drinking fine wine, but the stemware and wine selection easily overcompensate that peeve.When there make sure you try a kalishka cocktail (sp) as it is awesome as a house shot.
5	Tucked away, off of Stetson Avenue, next to Sea Saw and Cowboy Ciao, Kazimierz or Kaz Bar is a hidden gem.  It's a wine bar with an eastern influence.  It also has an underground New York feel as well with it's cave like walls and dark, moody lighting.  There are comfy sofas and coffee tables in the center of the medium sized room.  High bar tables flank the perimeter and a very long full bar complete the Moorish Old World decor.  Kaz shares the extensive wine list from Cowboy Ciao.  There is also a full bar with great beer selections, too.  Wine flights and a plethora of wine friendly cuisine are also offered.  Egyptian Flatbreads with goat cheese and caramelized onions, fondues and even Blue Cheese Cheesecake with figs and cranberries.  There is live jazz on certain nights and 1 night of flamenco music each week.  Other times there is an eclectic mix of music.  A blend so odd as not to be catergorizable-like one of my own personal mix cds.  But I cannot claim credit for the likes of old YES, Ravi Shankar on Sitar and other very interestingly unfamiliar  songs piped in from beyond.  The place can be very romantic, too.  I once had a straight girl try to make out with me on the couches.  There is a definish vibe that must be experienced at The Kaz Bar!
5	Brilliant place. I think Scottsdale, in general, is a fantastic place, so new, crisp, rich, clean, modern. Although as I walked through the dark streets last night, heels clicking against the pavement, I noticed it lacked something - character. Soul, heart, whatever you want to call it, it lacks the gravitas that cities likes Chicago, New York, Boston, have earned through decades of human history, donated by the variety of people that have called them home. No - at first glance - it's seems to be a playground for young beautiful white people with too much money to throw around, and not enough sense to give it to me. I'm sooo gonna get in trouble.The point is, the Kazimierz felt genuinely good. It felt like the one place in my adventures where the people were good, and music was true, and the atmosphere was...simply right. The place was very dimly lit almost to a fault, although now I couldn't imagine it being brighter and having the same feel to it. The furnishings are an interesting fusion of modern function (metal/glass tables) vs. traditional form (wooden bar), which suited the place very well. The wine list is extraordinary - unfortunately I was already feeling a bit exhausted that night otherwise I would've been more adventurous, but their dozens of wine flights all have great themes, and all wines are served in a small carafe to preserve...um, insert something smart here. The live jazz band was of course a great attraction - good oldies, good wine, and dark rooms always make you feel warm inside. Can't say too much for the food because I didn't have any, but damn that fondue the couple at the table in front of me was having looked tasty. Last, but not least, the service was efficient and friendly, even on a busy night, which I'm always impressed by.It's an awkward place to be when you have nowhere to sit, but if you can secure yourself a seat at the bar, or even better, a table, this is a great place to chill out with old friends, sip wine, maybe a little light petting, whatever you're into, I don't like to judge.
3	After coming here three different times with three different people, I can safely confirm that Kaz is a solid 3-star place. First visit = 2 starsSecond visit = 3 starsThird visit = 4 stars FIRST VISITSuper busy Thursday night around 9 p.m. $5 entertainment charge. No where to sit. No where to stand. Went with some nasty Goats do Roam wine that gleamed like fresh blood. Swore to myself I'd never be back. Especially because the vibe was so pretentious. SECOND VISITModerately busy. Was on a date on a weekend. Sat at one of their small tables near the windows, which was close to the entertainment. So, it was loud and very hard to carry on a conversation. We ordered only wine, which was tasty, yet a bit on the expensive side. I was then told that Kaz is a great place to come right when they open their doors at 6 p.m. Scribbled that tid-bit down in my brain. THIRD VISITWent shortly after 6 p.m. on a Monday. We were one of the few patrons in the place. Service started off excellent and tapered off as the place got busier (8:30). We each ordered a wine flight, after having asked our server for suggestions/help. We also went with the cheese tray (6 cheese for $20) that comes with a heap of fresh fruit and a couple different nuts on the side, with two small baguettes. It was DELICIOUS. The gouda was my absolute favorite, with its smokey finish. I HIGHLY recommend you share the cheese plate with somebody. You can order all 6 for $20 or opt for a small order at $4 a piece. It's a full meal and it tastes soooo good, especially with a nice flight of wine. While the music detracted from the atmosphere (pop and punk to Bob Marley), it's not so noticeable that you aren't able to relax. Time slipped by. At the end of the evening, my friend and I had enjoyed our own flight and the huge cheese tray for $25 each. Not bad for Kaz! Our service ended poorly. We had to ask the guy re-filling our water to take our check. It seems our server decided to ignore us, though she was earlier quick to point out that normally Kaz doesn't allow for a complimentary side of olive oil with the cheese tray - that only she does it for her customers. Uhm, disclose much? It's not like we asked for a kidney. By the time we left, nearly all the tables and lounge spots were reserved. You might want to call ahead, if you plan to come later on in the evening. MY RECOMMENDATION:Check this place out shortly after they open on a weekday. Otherwise, you may not be able to find a comfy seat, you may be asked to fork over a cover charge or you may hate the weekend night vibe and get the entirely wrong impression of this place. JUST A TIP:They don't do happy hour. Not even a couple bucks off of the wine. So take that into consideration when you go. It's not really a place that would cater to people looking for a happy hour spot. You'll see what I mean when you go.
5	Freaking awesome.  I'm so coming here every Sunday night.  We decided to go here after dinner at Mastros last night.  It's around the corner from the restaurant and we've never been before -- I've only heard the lore.I can't attest to the entertainment on different nights, but the Flamenco show was awesome.  I wanted to stay all night.  I was actually surprised it wasn't busier.  We had no problem getting a table.  There might have been 20 other people there?  Anyway, we're definitely coming back to this place.
5	Amazingly large and diverse wine selection and ever changing "flight" menu. The dark cozy atmosphere makes it a perfect date spot or casual hang w/ friends. Sometimes on crowded nights, its standing room only. But the crowd and music is great so you won't even notice. Tip: Jazz on Monday & Thursday nights. Flemenco dancers on Sunday.  $5 cover on entertainment nights.
5	So I try to impress my girlfriend and tell her that I know of the cool wine bar in Old Town.  I write down the addy since it's been a year or so since I've been here, and then guess what? I loose the paper, oops. We end up walking around for a while and then finally finding it. ---For the few people who haven't been here yet, there is no street front door, and there is only a small sign over the backdoor that says "The truth is inside".---Service is great.  Tried the Egyptian flat bread with morels, brie, shallots and truffle oil. Hell ya.  Now the wine, I'll be the first to admit I'm a winetard, but I'm learning. So at this stage of the game I like the wine flights. 3 3oz samples of a similar wines.  That makes it a bit easier to figure out what the next glass would be.Once you find this place it's great. I found it several years ago, I just forgot where it was.
4	Most of the time the music is good, like when Dennis Rowland is there. Occasionally it sounds like the type of jazz a 56 year old white lady who drives a Chrysler Sebring would listen to. Getting wine recommendations is a crapshoot-- the bartenders always recommend good wines but the servers are fairly inconsistent. One thing you can always count on is some group of douchebags sitting right in front of the band and having social hour. Hey morons, STFU or sit in the back!
3	This is a great place to hangout. They have couches, great wine, and cheese. I saw a cooly jazzy band there once too. I don't go there more often because it is too expensive. Try taking a date there and not running up a tab of at least $100 (it's impossible I've already tried).If you haven't been, it really is cool, strong recommendation here.
4	Oh I would definitely come back if I was in town.. So cute, and they really hook you up when you do a tasting. The place is dark, VERY dark, which makes it a great place to get a little tipsy.  They have great regional pairings for you, but I had a really bad one.. I would skip Latin America, Mexican tastings- and go for the Good Spanish Wines.  The place is a little odd to find, a hidden door literally so you gotta know where you are going.. the inside looks like a Cave, full of couches, and small high tables to sit with friends.  There's a terrific surreal feeling once you seated, kind of like you are in a magical kingdom.. after a couple of glasses, some cheese and wine.. you might start seeing some Fairies and Nymph Elves!
4	I'd been to this wine bar once years ago when a friend who was a chef clued me in on it while I was visiting. Love the atmosphere... hidden in a "back alley," dark and dramatically decorated. Tons of options for wine flights, which we really enjoyed. And nice selection of food offerings as well, which is somewhat unusual for a place like this. We got the chocolate fondue. Very fun and the dipping options were good (macaroons, pound cake, cream puffs, strawberries...), but the chocolate was a bit thin. Our wine flight was only $14, which two of us shared since it was just a Tues. night and we weren't looking to drink much, the dessert was $9, and my boyfriend had a couple of beers. I think all together it was only $14 per person. I would definitely go back a lot if I lived close. Just make sure you know where you're going since it's so hidden!
5	This is a really amazing place to get a glass of wine and sit and relax with a friend or with a date. If you are a guy, take your girl here.. its a really impressive place and it has a very sexy environment.In addition to great atmosphere and an expansive wine selection, they have a great fondue appetizer.Perfect date - Kazimierz with wine and fondue
4	I am a sucker for a great wine bar.  That said, this is a great one.  The outside of the bar is really incognito... you know, one of those bars without a sign.  As you walk in, you feel like you're entering a wine vault.  It's dark, ceilings are relatively low, and the space itself is very inviting.  A very sexy, romantic bar, I think.  So perfect for a first date (boys pay attention!).  Bar is to the left, the center of the space is filled with cozy couches, and the perimeter is a mixture of low and high top tables.  Here's the skinny:  the wine list itself is decent.  Not a gynormous selection, and not teenytiny.  Also, they have a great selection of wine flights.  My girlfriend had a pretty good Malbec (a bit on the tart side), and I had a prosecco.  The clientelle was probably 30's and up, people were nicely dressed.  Many couples were there, on dates and double dates.  Also, I saw a girl in a tiara and a light up sash- I'm guessing it was her bachelorette party.  This was not a meet market-y bar, at least when I went.  My g/f came here on a first date, and said there was live music.  On the night I went (Sat.) there wasn't live music.  But still, fun was had by all.
3	It is with a heavy heart that I demote Kazimierz to three stars.As I mentioned in my previous post, it's where I have great memories, met my husband, and, still, I think, it has a great romantic atmosphere.But the waitstaff is turning into a bunch of serious DBs and the wine is really starting to suck.Here's the thing: I'm willing to spend money for a good glass of wine. I don't have enough money to spend, say, $25 a glass. But I can spend $12. And I know that, for $12, I should be able to get a glass of decent wine.Yet everything I've ordered from Kazimierz the last 4 times I've gone has tasted awful. Awful, as in, "tastes-like-the-$6-Tunisian-wine-I-bought-in-downtown-Mesa-and-then-left-in-my-fridge-for-three-weeks-to-use-as-cooking-wine-and-then-tasted-as-I-poured-into-my-ratatouille-awful."It's great they have unusual offerings, like wine from Montenegro and Lebanon - but why does it have to taste rubbery? And the malbec I had last time was absolutely horrendous.Not only that, but what's with the reserved table thing? Every time they have NO space for us when we go as early as 8 p.m. Yet we can't make reservations unless we have a party of 5 or more. Even though they have talbes FOR TWO with "reserved" signs on them.. Hmm...So... that means we can't go? ok....Long story short, atmosphere will only take you so far. If you're a wine bar, you need better wine. Try tasting it before you put it on your menu. I realize that once in a while, I might not like the wine - but this many times is just getting ridiculous.
5	shhhhhhh!!!!!!, this place is hummmm........ lame!!.......especially on Thursday nights with their amazing jazz band is playing, every week it seems harder to reserve a seat.( that is my only complaint) the word is out.      Perfect, a wine list for days and an in house all star jazz band!the staff are very attentive and do very well considering the vast wine list. great seating and long bar, designed to look like a speak easy, the lay out is great. Super cool date spot.
4	I will preface everything I say about Kazmierz with the fact that my first and only visit was at least two years ago.I must give kudos to an ex-coworker who took me here when he found out I liked wines and that I also loved jazz.  The wine flights, and the food that followed, were amazing!   It being a Thursday night meant that the Dennis Rowland Trio were playing, and anyone who has heard of DR will tell you that he and his band are truly outstanding performers.
4	Romantic, intimate and warm. Go on a Sunday night for the amazing flamenco performances by Calo Flamenco.  And if it's your birthday- they'll teach you to dance! I wish the price point was a bit better... but then again that's what you get for a good glass of wine.
4	My friend refers to this place as "Hitler's Bunker" but I choose to see the romantic side of Kazimierz.  I love the dark, cool interior with the large comfy sofas and chairs.  It can be daunting to find a bottle of wine since the list is incredibly vast.  I usually settle for a wine flight like the French Kiss or I open up the book to a random page and swirl my finger around until I land on a bottle in my price range.  The flat bread pizzas and fruit and cheese trays have been nothing but impressive.  Some of the waitstaff can be a bit surly but most of the interactions have been quite positive.All in all I think this is a superb place to take a date after a nice dinner so you can unwind.
5	Ok, I was going to write a review until I realized EVERYTHING has already been said.  Just go there at least once!  Especially if you like feeling dark and mysterious.
4	I think my favorite part about this place is the hidden entrance.  I felt like I was entering a secret speakeasy.  Inside I liked the fireplace and the dark lighting and the nice old bar.  To me it felt a little too open and big for a wine bar, not super intimate.  But I'm used to smaller bars in LA or NYC.  They had a huge wine list and were very helpful with recommendations.  There was a mix of ages , lots of dates and groups of girls, and everyone at the bar seemed mellow.  A nice change from the other bars in Old Town.  I am definitely adding this to my regular Scottsdale hang out spots.
5	This is probably my favorite spot in Scottsdale.  Kaz is awesome.  I love that it is hidden and hard to find...only people who know it is there, go in.  They have the most extensive wine list I have ever seen, which at first was intimidating, but ultimately there is something for everyone.  They have bottles ranging from $15 all the way up to $2500, how could you not find something that you like.In addition, they have a great menu of tapas and plates that are great for sharing.  They continuously update their menu to reflect the seasons, and their wines by the glass change constantly.  I used to go every week and the list was always different.I usually go on Mondays and Thursdays for the live jazz.  Monday is a woman who sounds like Etta James, she is fabulous, and on Thursday they have a band that is probably the best jazz band I have ever seen.  You can call ahead and reserve a couch which is great for a group, there is a minimum, but it is pretty easy to meet with 3 or more people who are eating and drinking.  I love the darkness, it is very intimate.  It's a great date spot when the music isn't playing, it does get a little loud, but awesome for say a group of four.The only complaint I have is about the service, sometimes it is a little lacking, but this isn't the type of place you are in any rush to get in and out of, so it's ok.  The atmosphere, wine and food more than make up for it.  My other issue is with the cover charge.  I realize it is because they have live music, but I feel like cover charges are for clubs.  I think they should have a minimum check amount and if you go over it you don't pay cover, otherwise then you pay, just a thought.  Still, not a big enough deal to keep me from coming back week after week.Peter Kasperki owns Kaz and he has quite a few restaurants, he also owns Cowboy Ciao, Mexican Standoff, Digestif, Sea Saw and has more coming.  I have only been to Cowboy Ciao and Digestif, but I really like both of them as well.  He knows what he's doing.  I have lived in the valley my whole life and I have yet to find a place similar to Kaz, it truly is great, especially in a sea of not so great places in Oldtown Scottsdale.Oh, and they are open until two, and they serve until two.  No "oh its 1:30 we are shutting down for the night".  They will even let you order food until 1:45, as long as you eat quick;)
4	I have been here a few times when in the area and I love the atmosphere --very mood inducive!! I will say that it was a little hard to find initially....still till this day I dont think that it was well marked by a sign.But arent all great places known by 'word of mouth'? Kind of makes you feel a little more special and on the 'in' side of things.I love the couches and the LIVE music - its very romantic, sexy and what's better to enjoy that with some wine in good company!!I would suggest this as a great 'date' place - but meet in the parking lot outside first. =0)
5	I felt like I had just been given the secret handshake when we went to this place... There's no sign other than "The Truth Lies Within" We walked around for a good bit before we found it...This place is in an alley behind Cowboy Ciaos. It's very dark inside and cozy. The wine was excellent, they have the largest wine list I have ever seen. My one complaint would be how they organize the list, it's by price, sort of... So if you want a specific type of wine, from a specific region, good luck...We had the antipasto platter and it was great. Olives, cheeses, cured meats, various pickled veggies (caper berries!!). No food that's going to really make a full meal, so you might want to eat before coming here.
4	THIS PLACE RULEZZZZZ!! Was in Scottsdale meeting up with a couple of my friends from Tulsa for the New Year and we came here on that Tuesday evening.  The wine list was pretty extensive and had nice, good wines.  I did not drink the vino, but was super impressed that they had My ALL TIME FAVORITE vodka!  They actually had Van Gogh vodka, which seems to be kind of hard to come across.  It's espresso flavored vodka, which was amazing.  The wait staff was decently friendly, considering our crew was a bit rowdy after a long dinner (we shut down Rancho Pinot) and I enjoyed the atmosphere.  Pretty loungy and they had nice, comfortable couches.  Next time I'm in Scottsdale, I'll be back.
4	i like the happy hour specials, especially on a sunday. and the atmosphere makes me feel important despite my middle class lifestyle and that i drive a ford truck and that i have an enormous southern accent. the staff has always been good to us and we love coming here, if only that we can afford the happy hour prices.
4	One's experience at Kazmierz can really depend on when you go and who you go with. Moreso than most places, it seems. For example, one night I came here with some friends and it was packed to the brim with obnoxious socialites getting wasted on their husbands' Amexes. I felt like I could have had the same deal across the street with a Smirnoff Ice at Saddle Ranch. But on my last visit to Kazmierz it was quiet and mellow with middle eastern music in the air. I also sat next to a tipsy "Francesca" at the bar who claimed to be able to read my aura.I for one, love Kazmierz for the little elitist comments peppered throughout the wine menu and the general nose-positioned-firmly-upward attitude about wine that most of the staff has. Sometimes it's just more fun when you're drinking a Slovenian white from a place you've never heard of and certainly couldn't pronounce. There are definitely some things on this menu you won't see anywhere else. You have to be adventurous. If you are looking for your usual glass of KJ, you're going to get a scoff and chuckle. (Oh, and never ask for a mint julip, either.) As far as the food goes, it's good. Their Egyptian Flatbread pizzas are surprisingly delicious. And the fondue was enjoyable.  But the wine is really where it's at. Kazmierz is impressive, unpredictable, and a little bit strange, but boasts the best wine list in Old Town by far.
3	There's just something about this place I don't like.I love the wine listI love dim lighting, caves, couches, sausage and cheese platters....Just can't put my finger on it, but I would rather sit at the bar at Cowboy Ciao then have to hang out here.  *Shrug*The bartenders were a bit snotty last time I was there... maybe that's it.  Hmph.
4	I found the staff here to be very friendly. One of my favorite things to do is just lounge around and drink a glass of wine. I love to try new stuff and our waitress was so helpful in making a great suggestion for me and my boyfriend on some flights. The wine book (Something this thick can't really be called a menu) is huge and entertaining. It's weird that so many of the tables were 'Reserved' even though this place was pretty dead, but they gave us a great small table in some comfortable chairs in a corner. I can't wait to come back.
4	Hidden is definitely the operative word when it comes to this hidden gem! To make a long story short, it took me about 10 minutes to find this place and I think it would have taken me even longer had my friend not been waiting for me outside! I sure am glad I did find it because Kaz is my kind of place. I'm all about the dark wood, low lighting, comfy seating, wine-drinking atmosphere and this place delivers on all fronts. I even like the smell - which actually kind of smells like a cave or some room in an underground tour. The wine list they give you initially is robust yet concise and is geared toward wine by the glass. One of my friends who was with me I would classify as a wine connoisseur. We were going to order a bottle, so she asked for "The Book." The Book is the list of every wine they carry - which is over 2,000 different bottles - and covers over 180 pages. They also have a copy on their website if you want a sneak peak. She picked out a nice pinot noir with some advice from our server who was extremely nice, helpful, and knowledgeable. We also ordered the cheese plate with all 6 cheeses for $20. What a steal! All of the cheeses were delicious and of good quality and it also came with a little bit of fruit, nuts, and baguette. It was a perfect amount and variety for three people. It was a very relaxed environment and I could easily lounge around here eating cheese and drinking wine for the better part of a day. I will definitely be back here soon!P.S.  They don't open until 6 and there are no happy hour specials.
4	Dim, clandestine lighting, yes. Earthy, underground environs, yes. Old penny-dotted map and wooden casks, yes. Cask of amontillado, no. The wine selection is superb, likely the best in the Valley. I'm easily swayed into a pinot noir (Erath is a great go-to number), sometimes (when a little sweet hits the spot) a Gewurztraminer and, on special occasions (like my last visit) a glass of champagne. Tiny bubbles. Under the must-try, no-frickin-way this is $20 is the sextet (that's six, folks) of cheeses. This plate often includes a brie, a bleu, a gouda or havarti, a goat cheese . . . then either a cheddar or earthy wine-soaked option and an herb selection. It changes; so no promises. But I would never accuse Kaz of bait and switch. On the contrary, I am never disappointed by the wine or the cheese plate (did I mention it comes with two, warm baguettes, a handful of plump strawberries, a pile of candied nuts and one heaping serving of grapes). The olives and flatbreads are also exceptional. Servers are usually fairly knowledgeable, although some nights a bit impatient if you linger in the book for too long. I recommend a flight to start you off, if you're new or indecisive. They have several worth the airfare, especially anything with tempranillo grapes. Your mission: find the door; you won't regret it.
2	I enjoyed the wine and the food but my experiences with the servers have repeatedly left a bad taste in my mouth...I wish that they had some help that didn't treat you like a second class citizen.  I don't go anymore for this reason. If I wanted to be treated like I was nothing but an oxygen sponge I could probably do it much cheaper...
4	Cool place once you find it.  Nice and dark. :)
4	Went here for drinks with my bf - had the fondue and some great pinots.  We really liked the variety and ability to get any type of wine we wanted.  Service from the female bartenders was not ideal ~ but the male bartender was very attentive to us.   We got here early on a Saturday night (about 8-9) and really enjoyed ourselves until it got crowded. There's also a shortage on bathrooms (not ideal). I'd suggest it for pre-dinner drinks and post dinner drinks, but not for the main destination due to the crowds.
1	Rose colored glasses: do most buy, and subsiquaintly wear, them to here?I so highly anticipated visiting this on my "To~Do List"  Um, Why??!?After finding the 'secret doorway', {Oooooo .... Ahhhhh ... )  we entered into a darkened, and basically empty bar room.  (There were 2 patrons sitting at the bar).Apon entering, we were never once greeted, nor seated.  We took it on ourselves to find a table.  And waited.... and watched.... the 2 people at the bar chatting it up with the bartender.  After several uncomfortable minutes, we were..... ah, uncomfortable.  Never acknowleged, not once.  Hmph.           (I think I was worthy of being served..... or did i not know the password?? secret handshake??? was i suppose to walk in backwards? knock 3 times?  ask for charlie?  guess i got it all wrong, obviously).So, it wasn't busy, we didn't have B.O., we were dressed up, patient.... what was going wrong with this picture??? I'm glad to say, we didn't drop a dime here - from the other rvws, staying meant enduring snotty servers, which I could only (& rightfully) say we would have encoutered.We promplty left, and went to the Canal, had the most FABBY time, and a beautiful evening, which (most likey) would have been a disaster had we stayed here :-(
3	You really do have to know about this place in order to find it.  Its a cool place to go for happy hour. The food is good and the martini's are strong which is what I sometimes need after a long day at work. I have been a few times and no complaints on my end.
2	One star for the unbelievable wine selection. There is something on the bottle list for everyone. If you do not find what you want, the staff is more than happy to make recommendations based on your preference. One star for the past experiences that I have had at this establishment. It is a wonderful place to take a date or a client on a slow night. I have had impeccable service in the past.My second to latest trip was sub-standard. I decided to give it a go with a group of friends for a special event and, again, very dissatisfied. I am not sure what happened but, I will never choose to go here with others unless they absolutely have the need.
4	OK...in the past I have verbally accosted this place. I used to diss the wine and that stupid overbearing wine list!I have been to Kaz at least 10 times...and the last 5 times have been great! I used to hate the "Wine Bible" because it was too daunting...I now embrace this sweet deserving book each time I see it. I enjoyed a wonderful glass of Pinot, while Dr. Dave enjoyed a Sazerac. I had no clue what the hell a Sazerac was, however after a sip, I was on board for more!  Basically has obscure booze in it and ends up tasting like a nice scotch.We shared a couple of nosh plates and enjoyed every single bite. We shared the Cowboy Ciao - Chopped Salad. We had it "traditional" with smoked salmon. However I think my favorite part of the salad was the dehydrated corn. I know that must seem odd...but it gives the salad a "chewy" texture...which is a wonderful compliment to the smokey salmon. Our next dish was smoked sausages and pretzel bread. If you know me, I'm CRAZY for pretzel bread. This bread was amazing and even out shined the pretzel bread from City Hall. It was served so hot you can barely handle it along with a side with spicy mustard that is nearly too hot to stand...but makes it all the more fun to share. Ha! The bartenders were really great and put up with our banter...so THANK YOU KAZ! I will be back soon!  I love finding the Truth behind that amazing wooden, unmarked door.
5	Why were we all pretending to be on the DL as we entered an unmarked establishment where we showed IDs but under very low lighting?  Why when seated in the luscious libation lobby were we offered flights in red or white sans tickets?  Why did the six of us soon discover there was also food to be had and then quickly ordered scandulous, savory, sausages, scented with selected herbs, and sliced to sizzle?Was I trying to recover from my long journey West with a journey in time?  Why was the clientel so well mannered this night and seemingly sophisticated?  Why must I attempt to secretly make a guest appearance there as often as possible?Why do I feel so good about the need to have soooo many wines available at my fingertips and under discerning scrutiny?Finally, I do not care why.  I just care that this place exists for me.And it delivers on many levels for me.And it is fabulously ours in Scottsdale... and I am happy to have found it.I will be back...and not alone.
5	"The truth is inside" states the wooden plaque mounted above the unassuming entrance to Kaz Bar.  My first time walking in here felt like going to a speakeasy, and I was to be the newly appointed member to its secret society.  From Stetson one could easily pass it and not know it was there.  "Like all good speakeasys, the entrance is hidden in the rear"I have been coming here for 7 years.  Many first dates, even my mother has shared a spot at the bar with me.When passing into the realm of truth, one immediately forgets Phoenix and the sunshine.  One is transported to a darker and sultrier place.It smells of flatbreads and wine. One may feel teleported to a gothic 17th century wine cellar in Eastern Europe.Lazy, high backed couches fill the room, large rustic tables accomodate larger groups in an adjoining partition.  Wine barrels, wood, and stone line its walls.  A fireplace and candle light brings the right amount of ambiance and mysticism.Picking up their wine list is like opening a Reader's Digest.  Wine by the bottle or wine by the glass, this place has over 3000 selections from all over the globe. They offer Iiventive wine flights ranging from Cherry Blossom Chinese to Sparkling Red Shiraz..  Rare wines, fine wines, even Transylvanian wines are found here (fangs included).  You can sample anything here, you can make special requests.  The list of spirits is extensive as well.  From Eastern European cocktails, to Grappa, to potato vodka, to Belgian beer, all is represented here to provide its visitors the ultimate bacchinalia.The bartenders are very knowledgeable, so a seat at the bar is worth coming here if you are new to imbibing wine and spirits.  Best time to show is after they open at 6p, or on Tuesday nights.Why, you say?  This little speakeasy also happens to have a lively music scene.  Sundays, Mondays, and Thursdays there is live music.  Be hypnotised and seduced by Flamenco on Sundays, and be wooed and wowed by local jazz legend,Margot Reed, on Mondays.if wine and jazz are not satisfying enough, the noshes served here until 2a will make you feel complete.   Cheese fondue, cheese and bread plates, antipasto, polish sausages, and mouth watering egyptian flatbreads are the perfect complement to your wine.  I have a deep and burning passion for the flavor combinations on this particular kind of flatbread served here: Baja chipotle-orange rock shrimp, buffalo mozzarella, pepitas, smoked gouda, cilantro.....brilliant!If you want to seduce your date by way of chocolate, I recommend the Bittersweet Chocolate OR Fleur De Sel Caramel Fondue, which comes with housemade marshmallows, passion fruit cream puffs, pound cake, coconut macaroons, and fruits.  Pure decadence.  Pure bacchinalia.  I mean, I think this is the way that the god of wine would have wanted it....
4	I can't sing this places praises high enough.  It is my escape from the Scottsdale scene.  The enviroment is so beautiful.  As soon as you open the massive double doors you are transported into another world.  The atmosphere is very dark (which I love).  And here is the best part...The service is awesome! Not only is the staff very welcoming but if you don't know much about wine (like me) they will help you out.  Everyone needs to go on Sunday when they have the Flaminco music.  It is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky.
5	Love the Jazz with the wine....Definitely a laid back place in Old Town. Both Jazz artists are great...and love the fact you can go on an off night everywhere else and just chill there.
4	Been to Kazbar a few times... I love the concept, the decor, and the amazing selection of wines. My only issue is that it's in old town, has somehow remained trendy, and therefore tends to attract that pretentious, "the world revolves around me" crowd. But I can't fault the place for that... it is a business, after all.This month (July) Kazbar has 1/2-priced Arizona wines every Thursday with live jazz. I had to stop in and was amazed at the full page of selections they had... I mean, you can't get Caduceus' Judith just anywhere... and Callaghan's Claire's is one of my favorites! The guy at the door was a bit slow and I was disappointed that the couches and many tables were all reserved. It's a packed winebar, don't make paying customers stand while plenty of comfy seating is available, just waiting for the "golden children."However, after cracking a $100 bottle and a 20-minute wait, we were able to get seated. The band was quite entertaining and we were impressed with the friendly, knowledgeable service that rounded out the evening. It is refreshing to see a place like this supporting the local juice!
4	I was in this place a couple weeks back, It is an awesome spot! While I enjoy the whole try to find us theme, help a brother out, I was walking around tryin to find this place sweating like I was running a marathon. However some pretty ladies helped me find it and I enjoyed some great wine. But I don't know how the Nick Cannon imposter with a wave cap on got in, there are thugs in Scottsdale? Damn.
3	This wine bar 'cellar' is on the okay scale.. Its a typical of 'who you know' & 'how you look' Scottsdale place, (sorry being from Cali, I just roll my eyes !).. SOOO, Ive never had issues getting in, but Ive seen it with others.. OKAY.. to the wine, ONCE you can get someone to your couch!.. they do have a great wine list.. good noshes... and Im not really understanding why the jazz artists arent there on the weekend.. BUT when they are there, they are great! I love the romanticism of the place.. but it could tap it up on the service level.. and the snobbery card? Cmon! ITs a rough economy.. get over yourself.. ID recommend going on Thursday for half off wines.. and the jazz is there too..
2	As mentioned on other posts, they have the wine list of Cowboy Ciao which is super extensive.  However, you would think, being a "wine bar", the staff would have a better clue of recommendations.  We asked for a nice big cab that is less than $100.  You would think, that wouldn't be too hard for someone to make a few recommendations but they simply could not do it.  Pretty comical, especially for your Scottsdale scene.  We ended up randomly selecting a bottle and it was good but not what we were looking for.  Their food is great, especially the Stetson chopped salad.  The olive bowl is the best olive bowl in town if you're an olive lover like myself.  I love the atmosphere as well.  Again, too bad they don't know anything about their wine.
4	Every Thursday night there's a live jazz ensemble. The singer, after paying a cover charge to hear him sing, will try to seduce your lady. The waitress will remember you every time from the one night you spent with her friend that blew you off because of her bf. Remember that night at BS West? But it's dark so you don't recognize her. And you'll ask if they have a full bar because it's dark and you can't see, but they do... And you'll wander into the cave in the back corner but it's reserved for a private party. Maybe you're a part of it. And the same friend will ask you to buy her a drink, like she does everywhere you see her. And you'll feel used and remind yourself to avoid her.
4	Have been here many times but not for a while.  In the past I have eaten here, tried several wines by the glass, tried a few wine flights, and enjoyed the weekend live music.  Mellow but cool.  The atmosphere is great, kind of dark and mysterious, classy, and a progressive wine and food menu.  The selection of people is always interesting.  It typically gets going later.  Sitting at the bar is fun because you get a bird's eye view of most of the place - entry, bar, and main room.  Sitting on one of the couches of tables/chairs is cool too because it is super comfortable.  Whether you are with your spouse/girlfriend/boyfriend or just friends (and looking for someone else) it's a great place.
5	I thought I would update my previous vague review.  I've been a few times now, a couple times with friends and once on a date. It's always been a great time.  Reasons this place will make you happy:-It's dark, so you will probably look better than you normally do. You know low lighting is flattering, don't deny it. It's also highly romantic.-Free shot on your birthday. I took my best friend here on her birthday and the bartender made her a beautiful complimentary shot with a sugared lime on top.  -Wine flights. Do it. You will not be disappointed. I recently partook in a wine flight and one of the offerings tasted exactly like cheese. No joke, every sip of the wine tasted like I was nibbling on cheese. That may sound bad to some of you, but I enjoyed it.  -The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. They always steer me towards great wine.  Unfortunately, I never remember what that great wine was the next day.-The cheese plates are amazing. Mmmmm, sharp cheddar.The only things not to love are the lines that tend to form for the bathroom, the numerous reserved tables, and the hole that is burned into my wallet.
4	Atmosphere is everything: you feel like you're in a wine cellar or one of those underground caves where wine is stored in Napa. The choices are endless and the staff knows what they're talking about. It's a little pricey, but it's a cool, mellow spot that leans toward the high-end for those first impressions.
4	My first experience with Kazimierz was pretty good.  Our server was friendly and helpful.  I had the Washington Reds II flight.  My only complaint is it does smell a bit musty inside, guessing it is the old barrels.  I also recommend not eating before you get there so you can get some cheese or something, a couple glasses of wine without something to chow on is a bit much for me.
5	Kazimierz has been on my list of places to try in Arizona when visiting.  When my girlfriend and I arrived at midnight on a Tuesday night after driving in, we figured this would be the perfect place to go to get a late night snack.  We were not disappointed.We walked in and were instantly impressed with the ambiance of the place... they call themselves a speakeasy, so the lights are low, there's a lot of couches... it just had a really cool feel to it.  We sat at the bar to make it easier for the staff to serve us, and started with the cheese fondue.  While waiting, we looked at the menu and ended up ordering the "foreign correspondence" wine flight.  It was $12, and had three 3-ounce pours of a blaufrankisch, a vranac, and a podkum.  I'd never even heard of any of these types of wines before!Trying the wines was fun, and it was nice to not have to commit to one particular wine.  Then the fondue arrived, and they had a nice plate of break and apples to dip.  The cheese dip was better than the fondue I usually have at a local restaurant in Las Vegas.  We finished the plate in short order, and ended up ordering the brie martin and the port salut cheeses, which came with assorted fruit and a warm, toasty loaf of bread.Everything was just awesome, and we made a point to tell our bartenders that we'll attempt to come back later this week for more.
4	Dim. Cavernous. Lounge-y. The wine list is over one hundred pages long. This is good.I don't know when I'll return to Arizona again, but if I do, I'll head back to this spot. I know it's Scottsdale, but still. As an out-of-towner, I was pleasantly surprised by it.
4	I have been here several times and have never been let down.The most important thing I can say about this place is the service is AMAZING.. let me fill you in . . .Every time I have been to Kazimierz , I have shown up very close to 2 am with a group of about 8 to 10. They have never let us down and always seem to be actually happy . Most servers seem to be angry that they might actually have to stay late and take care of people. They have always helped us out , if they happen to be out of something, which is rare  but always recommend something we end up enjoying even more! Plus always enjoying a cheese plate. Food is great !! No Complaints , great to take first timers of Scottsdale too!
5	One of my favorite nightspots in the city. The other reviews all say it all, but I'll chime in briefly:- Best winelist in Scottsdale, and a mostly knowledgeable staff. Only once have we had a sub par server.- Dark, euro/middle eastern decor, comfy couches, interesting music. Great for a date and even better with a big group of people.- Great food. flatbread pizzas, sausage and pretzel, cheese plates, olives, yum!
5	It's like walking into an underground secret society. The ambiance here is so nice. I felt very cozy in the dimly lit room surrounded by the stone walls and jazz music.  I'm not much of a wine drinker, but I tried the sweetest flights they had, and my boyfriend got a flight of red wines. It was very nice to sit back, relax, and hangout here. I believe we had to pay a cover fee because they had a live jazz band that night.  We stayed to finish our drinks and enjoyed the music. This unique somewhat hidden gem is definitely a must see if you are visiting Phoenix and want to partake in some of its not-so-crazy night life.
4	Came here on a first date and it was perfect! Just enough people but small intimate atmosphere. We both ordered wine that our waitress catered to our pallets and we also shared the cheese and fruit plate yumm! There was no jazz that night, but there was a dj spinning mood music. Definitely a great date spot or place for winos to meet up at! If you can find it!
4	My first date in the Phoenix area...I went there last year and am just now getting around to posting a review. Come here if you really like olives. This place gets a solid 4 stars, due to good wine, decent food and the enjoyable and somewhat surreal time I had there. Here's how it went down: my date and I arrived and were very casually greeted (we had hovered by the door, and then walked half way across the room before anyone spoke to us) and eventually shown to a table in the cavernous, very dark, and completely empty dining room. We were given the wine list, the bottle list and a food menu. A few minutes later, the waitress wandered over and asked if we'd been there before. I hadn't, so she explained that they had a  wine list, a bottle list, and a food menu. I think what she meant was, "please don't order a glass off the bottle list," but it sounded more like, "we have these new things called menues here, which you may not have heard of, and they have different things printed on each one." The wine, when it came, was pretty good. I had a nice syrah (black pepper and mothballs on the nose, but it improved dramatically with a little time), and my date had a delicious zin. Instead of pouring a glass of wine and bringing it to you, or pouring the glass at your table, at Kazimierz they pour you a tiny carafe of wine and bring that to the table. It's so cute and pretentious that you have to love it.  Several hours of pleasant conversation followed, to be interupted by a dj...that's right, a dj, looking pretty out of place.....who began mixing in the corner. Eventually we moved to the other side of the restaraunt, where it was a little quieter, but much colder--I was practically hypothermic by the time we left-- and ordered some food. My date is not what you would call an adventurous eater, so we got the Tuscany pizza--basically a cheese pizza. The crust was really flaky and light, the fresh basil was a great touch, and it had a good (not overpowering) amount of cheese. We also got the olives. Now, I had been rolling my eyes about Kazimierz since early afternoon when I read the yelp reviews and looked at their menu. They will sell you a "handful of hazelnuts" for $3, which strikes me as marketing genius, assuming anyone is buying it. I assumed, therefore, that the olives would also come in a quantity loosely described as a handful. Well.....possibly they've got the Mogollon Monster, whom I've just been reading about, working in the kitchen, because I have never been served so many olives at one time. Never. It was a soup bowl of olives. Turns out my date doesn't eat olives. Turns out I only eat about 20 olives at a sitting. However, the waitress cheerfully supplied us with a take-out box for the surplus. I weighed the box when I got home: 1.5 lbs! That is a lot of olives. Overall, I would cheerfully return to Kazimierz, but I would bring a sweater and a guy with a more adventurous palate. The menu--when it doesn't get lost in pretention (the above-mentioned handful of hazelnuts, the "precious drops of truffle oil" that grace one of their pizzas) is pretty exciting, the bottle list is staggering, and the service is cheerfully lackadaisical.
3	The overpowering smell of garlic has gotten me a couple times. But once I walk into the old Speakeasy, you can't help but feel like you are in some Prohibitionary-style club. Live jazz music is just fab! Especially with their couches and laid back vibe, you can really get cozy here. I don't drink wine so I can't say how wonderful their selection is, although my wino friends are always giddy with excitement to come here and swish their glasses around.
3	We went to this place for an after dinner drink. The place has a nice ambient. They make an effort to give you the feeling to belong to a 'secret club'..entrance hidden in the back, a strange sign at the door etc...once inside the darkness of the place is striking. We sat at the bar under one of the few lights, so we were actually able to see the hummus appetizer we ordered. Very garlicky, but passable. The olives a bit thin, like those you get in middle eastern locales as a freebee before you get your dinner. In this place they make you pay for them, though...the flight of three chardonnay wines we ordered contained one that tasted very good, one that was very rough and tasted like instant head ache, and one in between...a mixed bag. The service was friendly. The crowd was a mix of plastic yuppies and moneyed retirees with a sprinkling of tourists. All in all a decent experience, especially in a big suburb like Phoenix, where urban places with character are rare. The prices are quite high for what is offered, but one pays for the Scottsdale location, I guess.
4	i liked this place way more than i thought i would.  scottsdale is not really my scene, so i was surprised to find someplace that appealed to me in a myriad of ways.you walk through the giant wooden doors of an otherwise lackluster exterior and are immediately enveloped in the cave-like atmosphere - stone walls, dim lights, dark wood grains, couches - then the music begins and it injects the air with just the right touch of soul.there was a bizarre seating process i'm still not sure i understand, but once i was ushered to the high-back armchair at the "reserved?" table next to the band, i felt like i had somehow magically guessed the secret password to the speak-easy door.  (yes!)the waitress seemed confused and aloof.  the wine flight i ordered - pinot noir allstars - failed to dazzle.  wisps of cloud on an otherwise sunshiny day.  we did not order food as we just came from a wonderful dinner - but i must admit i was intrigued as i watched the fondue & antipasto platter that was being enjoyed at the next table.  will definitely try next time!atmosphere - 10.  dennis rowland (music) - 10.  service - 7 maybe.
3	Very cool atmosphere. Rank odor that did not go away. What the heck is it? It was so strong when we first went in we almost turned around to leave. But we had heard this place was great so we stayed.The wine flights were uninspired. Very. I had the Pinots and my husband tried the weird eastern european one because it sounded interesting. The pinots were mediocre. One stood out as above average. My husbands flight was undrinkable.I would love to go back there but the stench has got to go and the wine selection needs to improve.
5	Kazimierz is one of my favorite wine bars of all time. It's definition of what I expect other wine bars to live up to now. The layout, with couches and low lighting and really sophisticated atmosphere is perfect for date night or for girls night. On Monday's they have this Jazz singer - Margo (I hope she's still there) and she is phenomenal. It's kind of hard to find, which adds to the special feeling - that *you* found this cool little place, you know? But totally worth searching around your first or second time trying to find it :)
5	I really, really adore this hidden, atypical Scottsdale scene.  I like how it is secluded and away from the busy part of Old Town!  The sign is not that well lighted, so it's kind of hard to find if you drove by it.  You kind of just have to roam by foot or just know where it is!It reminds you of a place in old Europe with the wooden entry door and interior cobble stone walls and old wine barrels.  The mood here is laid back and I'd say geared towards the more wine sophisticated folks.They have a massive catalog of wine from all regions of the world! The staff is very courteous and attentive to your needs.  The appetizers and food include French brie to goat cheese to Ethiopian pizza.  All go well with your wine!!!You get to sit either on a low rustic table or high or plushy, loungy, comfy sofas and chairs.  During some week nights they have live entertainment.  No cover but expect it to get crowded on the weekends.
5	Stealth!  As many times as I've been to Scottsdale in the last 5 or so years I've never seen or heard about  this wine bar.  Who ever heard of a speakeasy wine bar...genius.  It's fun, and it wasn't very crowded for a Friday night in Old Town.  The staff is very helpful and friendly.  This venue serves up a mean menu full of hundreds of different wines, beer, liquor, and a unique food menu.  I tried a glass of white wine - can't remember which one, and this brandy shot thing - that was really good!  I shared a pizza that was light and not oily - thumbs up.  They have live music on the weekdays - can't wait to go back!
4	We had two different flights, a great cheese spread, olives plate, and a flat bread pizza. The ambiance is perfect for a nice quiet date. The wine was paired well, and the staff knowledgeable. The menu was tounge-in-cheek descriptively fun. It was a first date environment for us and glad it was this venue.
4	It's ingenious: try a "set" of wine, they do these tasters that amounts to about a glass and a half, so you can get more variety for your money. Unfortunately, they were filled to the rafters on a Thursday, so they offered a sofa in the front of the restaurant. Which was fine, by the way, I just felt like all the action in the restaurant was just around the corner, literally. But even so there was plenty of atmosphere from where we were.Our server was busy but proficient, and we really enjoyed the antipasto and flatbread pizza. The wine was excellent. One thing that really caught me off-guard: dude wanted $5 for entry because there was music. Ummm, this is a wine bar/restaurant, not a music venue by any means. I'd expect that in Europe, but not Scottsdale on a Thursday night. The restaurant's website gave no mention of cover charges, and nor did any of the reviews I read on tripadvisor and yelp.
3	"The Truth is Inside"... keep your eyes peeled for this phrase to find your way into Kazimierz.  The entrance is hiding in an alley with an unmarked large wooden door.  Above it is that phrase.  The only reason we knew to enter was an employee happen to be outside.This place caters more to an older crowd (40's and 50's).  There was a jazz band playing.  The place is super dark but there is a nice lounge area to hangout.  The food was surprising good for a wine bar.  The pizzas and cheese fondue were delicious.  The wine prices were reasonable and of course an enormous selection as you would expect.  A nice feature is the wine flights which is a set of three small sample glasses of wines.  Love the tasting w/o the commitment!NOTE: even on a Monday evening there is a $5 cover!
5	Thanks to yelp I found this adorable wine bar while in Phoenix for work. My co-worker and I liked it so much that we went back a second time. The first time was a Monday night - the place was practically empty and the 3 piece jazz band was incredible. They have not only an extensive wine list, but various types of vodka, beer and even grappa! My husband would have been in heaven because he loves that nasty stuff. I tried three of reds, which were all delicious  and my friend had one of the darker beers and the grass fed bison polish vodka (?) and it was good - barely tasted like vodka. The second night we went (Thursday) there was a $5 cover and the place was packed. We got one of the last spots on some couches and a larger, equally amazing band was playing and I had another wonderful end to a long night. .
4	Love it! Swanky little place nestled in the heart of downtown Scottsdale :). The chop salad is SO goood! You should ask for Chris- haha! My friend and I went on a Tuesday night- no, it wasn't the place to be. It was actually really low key, which was cool since it was our first time there! I totally recommend it ;). Cheers!
5	Can you believe I've been here in the Valley for over 5 years and I discovered this place a year ago!  Zoinks!  Kazimierz Bar where have you been all my life - it was meant to be!  Totally awesome place especially on Mon, Thurs & Sun nights - live music foo!  Thursday nights are my favorite since I totally dig the jazz there.  Their wine flights are magnificent and so is their Antipasto dish - Bang!  Kazimierz has that underground feel; there are no windows!  Plus, it makes me look like I'm part of some secret society when I bring a frist timer.... :P
5	I love ducking in here for a great glass of wine and some live jazz.  The ambiace is cool and classy.  The decor has that old world feel.  The staff is knowledgeable about their wines, and should be so.  I have enjoyed the flights they offer, better to taste a few at a time.  There are so many wines to chose from, doing the flights is the idealic way to go to.  Enjoy yourself here, and be whisked to another world for a few hours, you'll be glad you did.
5	Very cool place.   Excellent wine list, great friendly service and a smart, friendly crowd.  One of our favorite places in Scottsdale.
5	I was visiting my best friend in Scottsdale and she knows how much I love wine so she took me here because she knew I was Chairperson of the American Wine Society in Los Angeles for over 3 years. The ambiance was great. It was dimly iit and offered comfortable seating. The space was pretty large, but well used. The wine list was the best part. There were thousands of bottles to choose from. I am very selective about the wines I drink and Peter, the owner, was very helpful in finding us the right wine. At first the bottle I wanted was not available, but Peter made sure we were taken care of and got us the perfect bottle to finish off our evening with. If you are looking for a great place to enjoy a delicious bottle of wine, I would highly recommend Kazimierz.
4	went with a group of 10 on thursday night  and the cast of glee showed up! fun times :)the organizer for the evening forgot to make reservations  - we were having dinner across the street and i frantically ran over to see about securing a table for 10 about an hour before we were planning to arrive.  they were able to accommodate us at the couches around the corner by the door where you can't see the performance. (luckily we were able to score - ahem, steal -  a table next to the stage eventually) moral of the story - when going with a group, make reservations.
4	I have been here a number of times over the last few years and always have a good experience.  Over 2500 wines global grazing til 2am classic and craft cocktails and 4 days a week with great ambiance.  We got a good recommendation on an AZ white wine by Callaghan Vineyards called Lisa's selection.  Also, Matt behind the bar suggested we try Voce for live music and he was spot on as we went the following evening and had a great time.  The truth is inside.
4	Ok. First off, one star for having an odd sign out front that says, "Like all good speak easys, the entrance is in the rear." Another star for comfy couches and couples making out in front of us.. ahhaha ok sexing it up on the couches in front of us. Another star for meeting some guy in the bathroom line with the same Rolex as me.. and hitting it off.. Until he came to find me in the bar. And brought his girlfriend to chat too!?! Crazy odd. And the last star for a ton of wine selections in one of the darkest places I have ever, ever been.
2	I'm still kind of confused about how I feel about this place.  I had high hopes for it and was a bit let down.Yes, finding this place is fun and I am glad I studied all the Yelp photos and reviews on how to find this place (thanks, guys!) because I probably would have given up and just gone to Postino as walking around Old Town in heels ain't my thang. Joshua F. and I went on a Saturday night in July while they were running some kind of "Christmas in July" special.  While I truly appreciate specials and discounts, I did not appreciate all the cheesy Christmas decor they had all over the place - a fake tree, Christmas music, cardboard cut-out decor, light stands everywhere.  I feel like I wasn't able to experience the cozy, dark ambiance of this wine bar. I was also taken aback by the prices of their wine flights ($15 - $27 for 3 - 9oz total), and $6 for a draft beer - but once you remember you are in Scottsdale, it makes more sense.  This isn't your typical Saturday night in Old Town location - a little older crowd, with a little more clothing on.I might try this place again just because I wanted to like it so much - maybe during a week night (not in July) after I get a raise and have so much money that I feel I deserve overpriced alcohol.
3	I small group of us went here Saturday night.It only took a couple of minutes for them to seat us in a nice area with couches and a table.  It was kinda like hanging out at home with friends except the wine selection is much better!They do have a large number of wines by the glass.  I had a nice cab sauvignon.I'd like to come back on a night when they have live music.
5	I've been here about 4 times so far. If you love wine, you'll LOVE this place. The entire atmosphere and decor is AMAZING! I haven't found a wine bar I've enjoyed as much as this one in Arizona. I would definitely recommend it! The pizza is yummy too!
5	I look forward to my visits to Scottsdale for work, especially since it means I can drink and eat at Kazimierz.  It is seriously my favorite wine bar in the US.  The place has a cavernous feel and fantastic music, not to mention top-notch wine list and delicious appetizers.  I sit up at the bar or on one of the comfy couches drinking my wine flight and nosh on pate and mini-gherkins.  Nummy!
3	A nice wine bar with an extensive wine list. This place is great if you want to drink wine, hang out and have a few light apps. However, a few of the staff members are rude... not very accomodating. Last time I went there, we walked in approx 10 mins before they opened (the door was not locked) and they told us to come back and wouldn't let us sit and hang out for 10 mins until they were 'officially' open.Also, the interior is decorated similar to a wine cellar so it's dark with comfy chairs but there is a strange damp smell.
4	So... the first time I went to Kazimierz, was a blind date and I swore he was taking me into the back alley to murder me, but I was pleasantly surprised when behind the door was a little wine cave.  The date was a flop, but at least I found my new favorite wine bar!   I have been back a several times since and always have a good experience. The wine selection is grand and the servers are knowledgeable and helpful.  I recommend trying the flights, the wine is all higher end (yet affordable), so you're going to spend a bit of money anyway, why not try a few! For food, I have tried the fondue and some flat breads (There's not much more on the menu).   It was all excellent, but don't go expecting a big dinner, you'll be disappointed.  Kazimierz is a great place to catch up with friends or take a date, it's cozy, unique, and provides a nice atmosphere for conversation.
3	Kazimierz = * Awesome ambiance and decor* Extensive wine (it is HUGE and takes me forever to pick something)*Comfortable seating (I LOVE the couches)This really is a great place when it isn't busy.  I love coming here to chill and try a few glasses of wine.And I really want to give this place 5 stars but I just can't.....I really like this place, but I HATE it that they charged a cover Sunday night.  It really pisses me off.  I don't care if they have live music.  They already overcharge for everything so you'd think they can kick in a few bucks for the band instead of pissing me off?  I don't care about the $5 - it is the principal of having to pay it while the douche at the door lets other douches in for nothing.  I guess I have just come to expect certain places are above charging a cover but I guess not.
4	Based on the recommendations from a few local Yelpers, I decided to stop by this joint to have a few drinks.  The entrance to this bar/lounge is in the rear of the building....that was hilarious because I walked by at least 2 or 3 times hearing music and trying to figure out how the hell to get in, until I saw the sign that read "Like All Good Speakeasys The Entrance Is Hidden In The Rear"....ha!Upon entering the bar/lounge, I knew I would love this place....why?- It's dark....I love dark bars, hate it when there's too much light....that's the Vampire side of me coming out.- The bartender was very cool & knowledgable....when I asked him if he had an IPA on tap, he suggested the Bells Two Hearted Ale IPA and proceeded to tell me about the different flavors I could expect.  Then he stopped by to check and see if he was right and if not, I could get something else.....awesome.- They had a band playing, but I arrived after they just finished their set...so I don't know what they were playing.....but I love small live music joints.- The lounge area has plush sofas and chairs to hang out with your friends.  I wish I wasn't solo....it would have been nice to sit there with The Better Half and a few friends.What a great recommendation by fellow Yelpers from Scottsdale/Phoenix....thanks!Will I return?  You bet!
4	My friends and I stopped here for a drink before meeting for a big dinner next door. The whole theme of Kazimierz is pretty cool. It's supposed to be like a 1920's speakeasy, and it pulls it off quite well. The windows are all painted over and the entrance is in the back. The decor also gives off a fun and fancy vibe. Kazimierz has a huge selection of wines. It's pretty hard to pick a glass or bottle. The place also has a good beer and vodka selection. It's a real good spot to start or end the night if you're out in old town.
5	I really do love this place. It's got a sophistication and sexy chilled out feel that no place else has quite been able to replicate. Their wine selection is phenomenal and if your hungry you NEED to try the Stetson Chop. You can really see how this place is ran by pro's. It always feels so effortless being there and it truly is a delight.Happy sipping :)
3	I have a love hate relationship with this place...Why I love Kaz bar:  Atmosphere is so unique and romantic, great wine selections, live music almost every night of the week and I can't get enough of the chocolate fondu ;)Why I hate Kaz bar: Service is always a crapshoot; most of the time the servers and bartenders act too stuck up to take care of you so I struggle with that at times.  I hate that attitude and sometimes just walk out after fighting for some attention from the staffAll and all I do like coming here and do tell friends about it, but warn people about the service.
3	I've been to Kazimierz multiple times, but each time grow a little more disappointed and wish I could honestly give it a higher rating.The good: The atmosphere is fantastic. It's unlike anything else in Scottsdale and the "wine cave" vibe always impresses people that have never been. I'm also sold on any place that features wine and cheese platters.The bad: Service can be terrible. When I was last there, it was a not very busy week night. As a group of 6, we were easily seated, but from then on out it was impossible to track down our waitress. If she had been around a bit more, we might have ordered more. The timing of any food coming out was completely erratic. However, the most offensive part was the wine by the bottle list. They have a binder with 50-100 pages of wines by the bottle. The first bottle I asked about, the waitress checked and said they didn't have. I then asked about 6 or 7 other wines, and each when she said "No, we don't have that" and didn't even check. She was either lazy or that book is pointless to look through. She had suggested 3 different bottles (none of which fit what I was looking for), then said if I got something they served by the glass, they would surely have that. To me, it defeats the entire point, since they don't have that many by the glass. We each just ended up getting glasses of wine and gave up on trying to get a bottle.In summary, it has a great atmosphere, but don't expect service, and don't take the wine book too seriously. It's not likely they will actually have the bottle you're interested in.
1	We were there the evening of Nov 20.  The first thing thing we noticed when we walked in was the awful smell.  It smelled like a bathroom and bathroom cleaner.  We asked the host about the smell and he said "yea, the smell usually goes away over time."  It never did.We were told all the sofas/chairs had been reserved so we sat at one of the uncomfortable high tops.  During the time we were there no one ever used the sofa's/chairs.  Poor time management by the host.Service was terrible.  Our waitress (when we saw her) couldn't answer many questions about the menu.  She brought my husband the wrong drink.  Several items "they were out of."We like dark, but must we use the candle to read the menu.  How about providing mini flashlights if you're going to keep it that dark?Based on the smell alone, we'll never go back.
5	One of my favorite places while living nearby, and even now having moved away.  Such a great place!  While visiting family, we should have made the drive instead of giving Amaro a go.
5	Bottom line- Wine lover's heaven!The place has an old school speakeasy feel.  I LOVE the wine list and live jazz music.  The crowd is very diverse (age, culture) and has a relaxed, sophisticated, yet non-pretentious vibe.   I recommend trying the different wine flights...found many new favorites that way!  I have been here numerous times and have never had less than a wonderful experience.
4	The food and wine are amazing.  You have to enter through a side door.  The place looks and feels like an underground cellar.  You can't go wrong ordering the cheese fondue or any number of the small bites.  I will say that I tend to avoid the nights there is a jazz band playing, it tends to get too loud for my taste.  There are lots of couples milling around, so either you'll love it or hate it.  Larger groups have a harder time being seated and I will say that there can be a line for the restrooms.
1	Above the door when you enter it says "you will find truth inside" and the truth is..... Its awful at kazimierz.Made reservations for 8 at Peters food spot Cowboy Ciao. Also put down my creditcard to hold a spot for 8 at kazimierz for nye. Dinner was great, I dropped a grand on it (overpriced for atmosphere) walked into kazimierz where the owner Peter and the bouncer treated us like we were here to wash the windows. Very very rude owner and bouncer. they lost our name off the list then stuck us in a waiting area by the front and tried to pawn it off as our intended reserved private table. No dice Kaz, we are off to another bar... Ps the comped champaign was flat. Big let down. Big attitude.
5	Loved it! The scene was very dark and the crowd was diverse. It's the kind of place where you look around and wonder who people are and what they do. A DJ was spinning some nice music in the background. The bartender was very knowledgeable and even gave my friend and me a free shot for her birthday. It was a nice, unexpected extra.
4	By far the coolest wine bar with the deepest menu in the valley. The scene is dark and intimate, making it perfect for a night when you want to wow that special someone. That said, Kaz has become increasingly popular over the years to the point where going on a busy night on the weekends can be frustrating. If you're planning on coming with a group, come early or call ahead. The best night to go is Thursday when valley Motown jazz legend Dennis Rowland performs. The "jazz experience" in such an intimate setting always makes for an exciting eve.
4	This is a great location for a romantic date that is "just drinks" ;).  It's dark, with couches (if you request them I think...) and a fantastic binder of wine.  For any wino, you would be a kid in a candy store.  It can be a little pricey and loud if there is live music.  Also because it's so dark, might be hard to go with a large group since you can't see everyone well haha.It's hard to find, the entrance isn't actually facing the street.  you have to walk around the building to the back.
5	Bar non, best wine Bar in Phoenix,Wine Selection, largest and some of the top picks ever to be corked, Service, very knowledgeable staff, and Music, wow the music, these elements create the top spot Place is so great they make it hard to find on purpose, who does that? kazmierz thats whoKazmierz on Monday is my new spot, Margo Reed! She is amazing Blues vocalist.  How could I over see this Yelp, 5 big ones, for the food and really nice dessert itemFleur De Sel Caramel Fondue (house made marshmallows,  fruit, cream puffs, pound cake, coconut macaroons, fruits5 big ones for the Wine Selection & great Wine Knowledge A Longtime and reliable live Music SceneI love to come here to buy wine flights.  You get to tast three different kinds of wine in each flight pairing.
4	Maybe I am lucky, maybe there is a crazy magnetic field causing distortion in the space time continuum, but whatever it is, I just can't seem to have a bad date at Kaz.  I think people even look better inside Kaz.  Sure...nothing lasts forever, but at least for my time in Kaz, it all seems perfect.  First off, it's dark and sexy.  Second, the live music is always great, from jazz, to blues, to DJs.  It works, very well.  Second, there is wine and great cocktails.  Perhaps these items are the source of the distortion.Granted, the bottle menu is maddening, and I won't even start down that road.  If you can find what you want, good on ya, me, I cannot figure it out and half the time neither can the servers.  Oh well, I usually stick to glasses or one of the creative flights of reds, whites, or bubbles (they have cool cocktails too) -- then I use words like "pencil shavings" and a "hint of rust" and "leather."  Because of the distortion, my dates find this either a) funny or b) seem to think I might actually know what I am saying.And yes, sometimes the door staff is a bit too cool for school...but once you are seated, you can focus on more pressing matters. However, beware, you can have a great time on a dark couch and when you finally see your date in the light, actual and metaphorical, things can change, it's a hazard of the Kaz distortion.  So, to be safe, order that extra glass or try another flight.
4	In town again. Very nice place in Old Scottsdale. Thursday night live music is worth the trip. Quiet and dark, speakeasy style. The wine list is as good as advertised, and the food is also.
1	Interesting place.  Worst service in Scottsdale.  Prices are ridiculous - $25.00 per glass of unknown cabernet.  Better to go to Fifth and Wine.  Rip-offs.
4	My friend and I were two of the first five people in the door when Kaz opened so many years ago.  Peter had told us many times about the "new" place he was opening two doors down, so we had to try it.  How many bottles are on the wine list now--4000?  It is ridiculously huge!  The small Egyptian flatbreads are great treats, and the hummus platter may be the best deal in town when you consider how much food you get for such little money.  Many folks have mentioned the jazz, and it certainly lives up to expectations.  I have so many wonderful memories of this place that it is impossible to think that I now only make it there once a month or so due to moving farther away.
4	There's dining in the dark, and then there's wining in the dark. Yes, it's so dark in here that you won't want to bother trying to read their bible of a wine list - just ask your server for some recommendations. And because it's so dimly lit in here, it's a great spot for getting cozy and romantical with that someone special. The space is quite hidden, but once you make your way inside, you'll find a pretty huge space. There is tons of seating, so it's also a nice wine bar for gathering with friends. There's live music or a DJ on a nightly basis, so you not only get wonderful wines here, but a fun atmosphere. It's one of those places that you can spend hours on end at, but mix it up and have a nice dinner before or after at their sister spot around the corner, Cowboy Ciao. Makes for a perfect date night!Try their Boom Boom Syrah and get a mix of cheeses and meats to nibble on. Great thing is that you don't have to worry about having purple teeth or food on your face. Your date won't be able to notice it at all!
5	Once your able to get a seat at the bar, your golden.  The bartenders never let your drink get empty, and the food is great.  We had a couple glasses of the house pinot, and a few beers.  The stand out here is the duck conftt flat bread.  Sooo good.  I had it about two weeks ago, so to describe the flavor now wouldn't do it justice.  All I have left is the strong desire to try it again.  Seriously good!  Get in with the staff here, and you just might be able to reserve a table on a busy Friday night.   Fondue party anyone?
5	Love this place...very intimate atmosphere.
4	Great place for dates and/or group events (we saw a bachelorette party going on). There's a DJ each night or live music, so that added to the ambience. It's kind of dark and cold, like an actual wine cellar, which was pretty cool. We had some wine there with friends after dinner, and had a great time just relaxing on the couches. There is a HUGE selection of wine, literally a binder with at least 1000 varieties, which was overwhelming for us, so we just told our server what we were interested in and they gave us suggestions to go with. It's a very cozy place, I think I'd like to come back with the bf again next time to try the food as well
5	Great wine list!  Wide variety of well stored wines.
4	Valentines day 2011. Well I had not been here in a while, so I was hoping it had not changed much. took the Mrs. here for a pre-dinner wine and fondue. Got there around 6pm when they opened and were the first ones there. The greeter said that most of the tables were reserved, but we said we loved to sit at the bar - no worries. The bartender was still getting his setup going, but was great getting us set up with menus and helping us navigate the wine selection. He let us sample and we enjoyed 2 glasses and munched on the cheese fondue. Really good cheese with dipping selections. We also had the warm mixed nuts. Who would have thought they were going to be so good with our wine selections. We were in and out in 2 hours, but had a great time in the dark cellar ambiance. I like how it is kinda hidden, so it feels a little more special when you walk in and know you have arrived.
2	I've been to Kaz a few times now, and I gotta say that it's really hit or miss. It seems to be alright if you go during the week, but not so much during the weekend. It get's really busy on the weekends, which is great, but the staff is simply clueless on how to handle a busy night. Upon arriving on a Friday night, I am greeted by a man that I cannot see because it's so dark. Ok, ok, I get it, speakeasy and what have you. I still want to be able to make good eye contact with my potential server however. Anyhow, I inform him that I am the first of the five of us that are going arrive. He mentioned that it's going to be a wait for a table, and I informed him that I will wait up at the bar if he would please put our name in for a table. I get up to the bar, wherein the bartender passes me 3 times before even looking at me. He even stopped to help the couple next to me and still didn't even say hello.The couple next to me said "Wow,  that's strange, he must not be feeling well or something tonight because he is usually so friendly...". The couple then assisted me by flagging him down wherein the bartender finally handed me a wine list and food menu. The wine list is obviously extensive, and the food menu offers great options as well. Again, the bar was busy, and since the bartender was oh-so-helpful the first time around I decided to just pick a wine and go with it. I went with a cheese plate and a glass of Cotes Du Rhone, and at this point the other folks I was waiting on joined me and ordered a drink at the bar. 30 minutes later, our table was finally ready, and so we sat down. After finishing what we ordered at the bar, it took over an hour to get through another round, and at that point we were all over the Kaz experience. Normally we would have stayed and ate/drank more but the amount of time spent waiting on our server to come by was unacceptable. We asked for the bill, and I actually started the stopwatch on my phone. It took the server 15 minutes to go to the machine, print our bill and bring it back. Yikes.
5	I have been to this wine bar on several occasions and I always leave with a smile on my face. First, this place has the most impressive wine list I have ever seen.  Basically anything you are looking for and within any price range.  Second, the service has always been great.  The waiters will always try and help you find that perfect bottle of wine so you don't throw your money away.  They are always willing to suggest various wines and most of the time will allow you to taste a wine, if they have an open bottle behind the bar.  Last, the atmosphere can't be beat.  It is reminiscent of a speakeasy and is very dark.  This place can get pretty loud if there is a band or music, but overall this place is great and I highly recommend going for a bottle of wine post dinner.
5	This is the place. If you are from Utah like me, that phrase has some significance to you. Anywho, I walked into Kazimierz for a friend's birthday celebration (once I found it), and I was treated to a place that had the ambiance of a bar/lounge that you see in movies.Lights low, plush couches. Wines. Olives. Cheeses. Canoodling. Fun live music.This is a classy establishment. Leave your JV friends at home or at some of the other establishments around Scottsdale like Pattie's, Mulligans, etc. And for Godssake, wear something nice!I know very little about wine. I'm more of a craft beer guy, but the staff had no problem explaining different wines to me. No attitude. I like that.Bring a date here. Bring a good friend. Most importantly, bring someone you care about. It's worthy.
4	Owned by the same people as Cowboy Ciao and FnB.  So, you know what you get here.  What is that?  A huge wine list and a knowledgeable staff.This place is dimly lit, great for an after dinner drink or an all night wine fest.  There was a really great band playing, we gladly paid the $5/person cover.  Service was outstanding.  Definitely would recommend this place to anybody looking for a low key, fun, dimly lit wine bar in Scottsdale.
5	Such a cool place!  Really, Kazimierz has it all.  First of all, there is the fantastic fun of finding it.  Lead by twinkling lights, you'll be met by an imposing brown door, above which reads, "The Truth Is Inside." Once inside your eyes will need to adjust to the palpable darkness.  It almost feels as though you've stumbled into something secret, a kind of portal to some Moroccan speakeasy of the past.  The general atmosphere is quiet, yet energetic, and live music- on the night we went a DJ, adds to the general vibe of "coolness."Besides the superb atmosphere, the wine list is nothing short of incredible.  It goes on for pages and pages, traversing the globe several times over.  An easy place to let your mind get tiffany-twisted, because there's surely plenty of time and money to be spent at Kazimierz.
4	I broke a wine glass. I tend to do things with passion and last night that led to a broken wine glass. Sorry Kazimierz. Maybe if it wasn't so dark inside. Honestly, it's too dark, my group of six had our phones out all night trying to see the menus, then around nine the lights dimmed even further. I get the point of low lighting, but it's a little much. And the smell by the door really is gross, but once further inside it goes away, no biggie. Those are my only complaints, nothing crazy. Onto bigger and better things... our setup was awesome, one big comfy couch, one big comfy love seat and one big comfy chair all around a short table. Kaz is intimate and romantic for sure. As soon as my tush hit the couch "sexual healing" began playing over the speakers and I knew I was in for a good night. The music is a perfect level, loud enough to notice but not loud enough to be intrusive and all the staff I had run ins with were very friendly and helpful. They have a ton of wine, with a bunch broken down into sample flights at a good price. You should definitely try the fondue, it is freaking fantastic, and the antipasto platter was very good, especially the sopressata, but I don't feel it's quite worth the price. If the street tacos are available give them a shot, very tasty pork tacos that melt in your mouth, also the chicken kabobs are certainly worth mentioning. I will certainly be back, I like it here, it's a good place for a date or to have a more intimate conversation with some friends over wine. Plus they serve Cowboy Ciao's Stetson Salad... can't go wrong with that.
3	Just updating a previous review on Kaz. We've always really loved the place, but we went again last night and were a little disappointed. A few things we really liked weren't on the menu anymore, the DJ was a little too loud to be able to talk across the table (maybe we're just getting old?) and our service was TERRIBLE. We were there for 4 1/2 hours, and every time we wanted to order more food or wine we waited and waited and finally had to flag someone down.The atmosphere was good as usual and we had a great time with friends, but come on Kaz, we expect better!Edit: It seems to be a common thread among the bad reviews that if you go on the weekend the service sucks, and during the week it's great. That has been our experience as well
4	Didn't try the food but they had a very impressive wine list, really cool atmosphere, and very friendly and knowledgeable bar staff.
4	One of my favorite spots in Scottsdale. Great place for a very relaxing night with a great selection of wine and exotic beers. Has live music a few nights a week.
3	I have been here twice now with friends. I can't tell if I enjoy it or not. The place has a really relaxed vibe to it, which is actually enjoyable. I actually enjoy the decor and somber atmosphere. What I don't get is the DJ. in the corner playing music that really isn't conducive to the atmosphere. As far as the wine selection goes, the list is huge! I don't know if any of them are good because I do not drink wine, heh. My friends enjoyed the wines they tried though. They had a couple of beers on tap so I was content. It's just an odd commodity for me. I wouldn't make plans to ever go here, but if a group of my friends want to head here for a bit, I wouldn't mind it for a short period of time.
3	I have either an extreme LOVE or DISLIKE for this place. More love, though. Things I love: Great wine, with all different price points, which is nice. Cool, speakeasy atmosphere. Great bands and entertainment. Great cheese platter and flat breads. Good prices. Things I do not love: Service. Are you a bouncer? A bartender? Are you leading me to a seat? can you get me a seat? Its confusing. The staff is not clearly defined (not only do they not wear uniforms, or name tags, but they are scarce and hard to find) The mix. It is kind of a random mix. I guess that can be a good thing, but I was there once and it was like Spring Break in Cabo, and then the other time, it was like 50+ snow birds day. Either one is fine, it is just hard to gage when to go and who to bring, like, my mom, or my pals. They serve dessert, but no coffee. That, to me, is just strange. Buy a coffee maker. Sheesh. They have this amazing fondue that would be great with some baileys and coffee, and alas, no coffee. Strange. I know, "wine bar", but if you serve dessert, coffee should go hand in hand. In the end, the place is cool and they have some of the best entertainment there. they ambiance is nice. Go early for a seat, they are hard to come by. Beware of paying $ at the door for an entertainment fee, but it is well worth it.
5	Kazimierz is a hidden gem in old town.  I have been several times and every time it's been a great experience.  The atmosphere is great it's dark and there are couches to sit at and be comfortable.  The food and wine are excellent and there are many options for both.  They have a huge selection of by the bottle wine for all price ranges and also you can buy a good selection by the glass.
4	So glad we stumbled upon this place. It was our last night "out" in Scottsdale for a brief vaca and I wasn't in the mood to go crazy. Its dark and cozy with casual live music and a fantastic wine list (almost too big as we couldn't sort our way through fast enough). I'm kicking myself because I can't remember our server's name but he was superb as well. We inquired about some birthday shots being taken at the adjacent table. He informed us it was their house shot and gave us a couple to try on the house. It was delish so if you're in a shot-taking-kinda-mood, inquire and you shall receive. The other thing to know is that this joint is considered a speakeasy. The door way is not facing the street but is in a breezeway behind the building and the windows are painted so those passing by can not see in. I love this concept but wish it was like some more authentic places I've been to where you need to be on a list or have a password to get in. Not a big deal and they obviously don't do that so more people can join and bring in $$ but I just think it would make it even more cool.
5	Sex In The City meets World of Warcraft.This dark, sexy place is unlike most establishments you might find in the Scottsdale area, which I not only appreciate, but encourage. It's a bit off the beaten path as the entrance is in the back and when you walk in, your pupils will needs time to adjust in order to navigate.The wine selection was impressive and the hummus plate was perfect. The staff was great. When my best friend realized she really wasn't a fan of the wine we chose, she was able to trade out for a different one with no difficulty or attitude whatsoever.The DJ was spinning very relax-esque music with a little bit of funk. It was a nice change of pace from the typical top 40 you'd hear elsewhere. As the night progressed, the beats got sexier and the songs more clever. I was completely sold when he remixed Johnny Cash & some dub step. Of course we didn't come out of there completely unscathed. We had to visually endure a cougar (or two) throwing themselves all over their sugar daddies in a blatant gold-digging escapade for all to see. But I guess that's the price you pay to party in Scottsdale.It's a great bar and I would recommend it to anyone!
5	It's all about wonderful glasses of wine at Kazimierz and the amazing conversations you can have with the company you bring behind the door which reads Truth is Inside.  One can spend any amount really on a glass of wine or a bottle of wine.  A 1917 bottle, only $10,000, and it must be divine, however, I went with a pinot gris and Tuscany pizza, a really nice pairing.  The decor is pretty nice, over-sized couches, tables in the corners, it's very dark, and yes worth every sip of wine to find this Scottsdale wine bar..and if I had not gone to another restaurant prior to Kazimierz, I would've been drinking more.  I'm definitely going back and have to thank my friend David for telling me about this place! He was so excited about Kazimierz while telling me what he had drank, that I had to find the bar and have at least one glass of wine!  And the truth is there's no other wine bar I would go to in Scottsdale except for what's behind the wooden door. Cheers!
5	This bar has become my favorite place to start or end a night out in Scottsdale on the rare occassions we do go out there.  Its perfect for hanging out with friends or a romantic date night for two.  Great wine and apps.   I haven't tried the flatbread pizzas yet but a cheese plate or bowl of olives is perfect for sharing with a group while you are all trying to whet your appetites but not fill up before dinner or a light meal for a couple.  After dinner, they have great dessert wines and appertifs available.  And then the chocolate fondue!  Soooo good.  Really amazing stuff.  Only $9 and again it is so huge, perfect for sharing.  It can easily satisfy 4-6 people.The atmosphere is very relaxing and quiet in the early evening hours.  Though it can get packed later at night I have never gotten that "this place is way too crowded" anxious feeling.  The staff is really cool.  They are great at recommending wines to try and explaining stuff (sit at the bar if you want this experience) but never seem condescending or snobby.  Just an all-around good time place.
2	So disappointed in my latest visit to Kazimierz. I have been here before for live jazz and really enjoyed it. I liked the flights and the food.However, we went here Sunday and I was sorely disappointed. Firstly, we picked it because a local website said they do Flamenco music on Sundays. I should have checked the website of Kazimierz itself since there was no flamenco music. That part is not their fault. What is their fault is that the band they did have was, frankly, below average. A guy on drums, a guy on guitar sort of muttering very quietly into a mic for a few minutes between sitting with his buddies drinking for about fifteen minutes. Not worth a $5 cover, folks. Get some real talent in here, please or don't charge me the cover to watch the "band" drink and goof off with their friends at the table next to me. Secondly, we walk in and the place is totally done up in Christmas decorations. It just really cheapened the whole place and I don't remember this place being so kitsch. I felt sort of gross and like I was in a bad sitcom. My first visit here was sort of that magical experience of finding somewhere unique with a great atmosphere of elegance, chic but relaxed at the same time. Now, seriously, I wanted to laugh out loud when I walked in the door.Thirdly, service was awful. Slow, snobby and inattentive. I don't recall that from my past visits. Our waitress was seriously abysmal and more than once I was tempted to flag down someone else since she was just so cold, unhelpful and unfriendly. Do you want me to order more so I can give you a bigger tip or don't you? Fourthly, we really wanted to have some cheese with our wine so we asked for a food menu and were told, oh, yeah, we closed the kitchen early tonight. Just as an FYI, the bouncer taking my cover charge should have said something, or your website should have said something, or the server should have said something when she first graced us with her presence. We were there at 9, not that late, seriously. I have checked their website and there was nothing about them closing early, a little miffed about that.So, overall, pretty disappointing and I have to say while it's dressed up like someone's trailer park, I don't think I'll come back to spend a lot of money on some average local band someone knows and bad service even if the wine is good.The one thing I liked was the Tour de France flights they had offered since it is that time of year. I'm still giving it 2 stars because I have had a good time here in the past.
5	From the atmosphere to the food, to the entire staff at Kazimierz, it's a well orchestrated entertainment establishment.Kazimierz has a fine selection of Wines and Alcoholic beverages that you just won't find elsewhere. From the Framboise on tap, to the Bison Grass infused Vodka, Kazimierz is a true diamond in the rough.The bar itself can be a little tricky to find at first. It truly does have the look and feel of an old speak easy, with an almost hidden entrance. When you enter through the unapparent door, the dark and low lit ambiance takes over, as you make your way to the bar or to one of the comfortable couches with your group of friends.The bar staff is very knowledgeable, friendly, and down to earth. Charlie and Eric make quite the team. Charlie has a giant mustache and looks like a barkeep that you would expect to see on a Stella Artoise commercial. Eric is just an all around cool dude with a good sense of humor and a vast knowledge of the company products. Chris is a little quieter, but still has the charm that could pull the fleas from a dogs back. Jason runs around like a mad man, and makes sure that things run smooth and efficient, and will crack a decent joke upon request. As for the wonderful ladies, the place would be nothing without their classy service. The food menu is very creative and the presentation and execution of the dishes is very well done. The three cheese Fondue, served with sliced apples and cubes of bread is just plain comfort food. The Cuban Pretzel Crisis is a great dish as well. It consists of pretzel bread sandwiches with Prosciutto, and some other great stuff, along with some house made potato chips.  If you order the Olives, you get close to one whole pound of olives for $6.00. It's cheaper than the olive bar at the grocery store. They have weekly food specials, and so many things to comment about.Thursday nights are probably the best night of anywhere in this entire town. For $5.00 you get to enjoy Dennis Rowland, who is a Grammy Award Winning Jazz Entertainer. I must say, he is quite the entertainer, and you better watch out because he might just sweep your lady off of her feet. He is one of the most talented performers that I have seen anywhere in this town. I am surprised that more people aren't aware of this hidden treat.In a nutshell, Kazimierz is hands down, the best spot in Old Town Scottsdale if you aren't a 21 to 40 year old doucher!Whether you're flying solo and have the blues, or you have a significant other and want a quaint joint with great atmosphere and ambiance, stop in for one of the greatest experiences that you can possibly enjoy in Old Town Scottsdale.
4	Great place to have a glass of wine and meet new people.  The place is very low key and the music is great.  Eric behind the bar really takes care of you...
4	Really nice atmosphere... not easy to find.  Great wine selection for all price ranges.  Great small plates and cheese assortment.
4	I wanted to give this place 5 stars because it is truly a wonderful jazz/wine bar. However, I really hate that they don't have their strongest vocalists and/bands on Friday and Saturday nights! Dennis Rowland is there on Thursday nights and Ms Reed is there on Monday! The atmosphere is off the chain though! July in Scottsdale is brutal, with temps hitting 100+ for most of the month! As a result, this bar decorates the place complete Christmas decor, complete with stockings, Christmas lights,.Christmas tree and presents! They call it Christmas in July, in hopes of creating a winter wonderland to help us forget about the hot temps outside! Priceless! Just a wonderful bar! I just wish Dennis was there on Friday!
4	The lighting is low and the scene is understated, just perfect for the jazz musicians they host most nights. Some liken the environment to a speakeasy.  When we were there the place was decorated as if it were Christmastime. Christmas in July maybe? Seating is variable. There are couches, tables, chairs and some limited bar seating. The cocktail menu is a little off putting since they don't offer any of the usual suspects, but their focus is wines of the world so shame on me.We came specifically for the Basque Egyptian Flatbread ($13) with duck confit, roasted pistachios, shallot, creme fraiche and goat cheese topped with a generous handful or arugula and a flavorful drizzle of olive oil. The dish was a bit overcooked and the ingredients dry, but you still got the gist. The flavors were stunning. Salty, creamy and bitter all at once. Looking forward to doing it all over again!  I wonder if I could recreate this at home?
5	Wow! I could probably justify this review with just simple "Wow" and be done with it.  But I am not a woman of few words so I'll elaborate.I went here on Friday night with 3 of my friends, one of whom is in a wheelchair.  If you don't know where to find the door you will walk right past it.   It truly has that old speakeasy feel of yesteryear.  Once you walk is that feeling continues with the low lighting, comfy couches, and set up in general.  Yes there were Christmas decorations up, but it's Christmas in July. NO BIG DEAL.We were promptly seated upfront where the band was setting up.  The wait staff were extremely accommodating to my friend making sure people were out of his way and getting him situated into his place at the table.  At this point, my only complaint was that it was hard to see the menus. But that's what we have flashlight apps for right?The wine list is in a binder with many options to choose from.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable and after we ordered out first glass from the menu we decided just to tell her what we were in the mood for and she would suggest a wine, bring it, and it was fantastic.  For food we started with the antipasto plate which is served with bread.  The cheeses were smooth and buttery.  Prosciutto was perfect along with the serrano ham.  I can't speak for the olives as I hate olives but my friends say they were good.  Next we ordered one of the chef's specialties for the night.  It was a curry, garlic, duck confit, creme fraiche dip served with homemade potato chips.  This dip was AMAZING.  I wanted to spead it on everything.  Between the four of us we darn near licked the bowl clean.  Finally we ordered the three cheese fondue with apples and toasted baguette.  Again you almost had to hold me back from licking the pot clean.  The combination of cheeses with apple and bread was heaven.The live band they had was also very good that night.  Good mix of music.  The cover is 5$ which originally I scoffed at, but after spending four hours with great friends, music, amazing food, and a spectacular ambiance it was totally worth it.I will be back and soon.
5	Never eaten here, but have partaken in the drinks several times. Kazimierz is one of the coolest, most chill places that you will find. Great place to hang out with a couple of friends and have a glass of wine or two. They share a wine list with Cowboy Ciao, so it's as extensive of a list as you will find. They also offer a handful of unique beer options, if you're in the mood for a brewski instead.Chill place along with an amazing wine list gives Kazimierz five stars.
4	Great venue, with an atmosphere that is low key. Good place to unwind and have some wine. Nice on the wallet. very unique music talent. You can get flights of wine and try a variety of the large variety's they have.
1	CHECK YOUR RECEIPT!!!  My tab was correct ($ 34.86 for 3 drinks), but when the server ran my credit card he entered $ 64.86.  I do not think it was an accident. He avoided me for at least 30 min after bringing me the check.  Finally had to go to the bar to take care of it. Pretentious staff and clientele.  Whatever the DJ was mixing it sounded like middle eastern music...felt like I should have been smoking a hookah.On a positive note, my martini was good and unisex bathrooms were clean.
5	One of the most extensive wine lists I've ever seen!  This place has a great atmosphere and has some great live music (with some of my fellow New Orleans folks often playing).  I go to the Phoenix area around twice a year for work and a friend of mine brought me here for the first time and we had a great time and I've returned ever since.  They have some tasty food and all of the wines I had were great and all of the many many others looked fantastic as well.  The servers are very knowledgeable and know when some things on the list are out but then there are other things not on this list they often recommended.  It has always been a fun place, great ambiance, with a great crowd every time I've visited.
1	:( :( This place has changed a lot! It used to be a classy sophisticated old town wine bar where customers were treated with respect. Our last experience at Kazimierz was the worst ever. My husband and I took a couple of friends there on a Saturday night.  The place was so loud that it was impossible to talk. We decided to switch to a quieter table.  Our female waiter was upset that we moved, I could tell by her attitude. To make story short, we were kicked out of the place because we complained about the waiter. The manager said "they stand by their waiters" The manager (Tony) said he would back her waiter up even though it was only her 3rd day working there.  We will never be back.
4	Mmmm, Kaz ... I love this place.  Great wine, live jazz a couple nights a week, great big bowls of olives... Whats not to love?  The wines are always superb and the list changes monthly. I've never had the same wine twice and I've never been disappointed. Last night I had a petite sirah that would knock your socks off. They have affordable wines, they have pricey wines and they have really pricey wines... Something for everyone!
4	This is a great place to go on a first date. The lights are so dim that you have no idea what the other person looks like. Then when the music starts and you happen to be sitting close to it, you will have no idea what your date is saying. Awesome. I actually like the place. It is super sneaky and makes it hard getting to. You basically need someone who has already been there to get to it. The door is on the back. No sign or anything. Inside is like a cave. They have a variety of dishes and a lot of choices on alcohol. The white sangria was awful though so stay away. It has a lot of character and I love the vibe of the place.
5	love this little hole in the wall speakeasy. I'd been there before but last nite was the first time I ordered food. absolutely amazing. their cheese fondue and bread are a must. I will be getting that everytime from now on. the antipasto platter was wonderful. the whole grouped loved it. our server was absolutely amazing. we definitely added more on top of the gratuity.
5	5 stars all around from the top-notch bartenders, to the super-sexy atmosphere, to the music, to the drinks! I love this place. It's romantic and classy yet very cozy, comfortable and relaxing. Perfect for a smokin hot date. I highly recommend this place.
5	Love love love Kazimierz! I've been here several times so it's way past time to write a review for this gem in Old Town Scottsdale. My last visit was a couple of weeks ago, me and my girl decided to try this place out on a Saturday night and surprisingly we walked in and found a table right away even though it was packed. I love how dark, mysterious and cavernous the place is it makes you forget you're in the middle of Old Town. The crowd is usually a good mix of ages which is a relief from the "just turned 21" college crowd. The music is usually hit or miss but this night the DJ was AHmazing he played lots of underground hip hop mixed with techno and other unexpected loungy music. The vibe was perfect, me and my friend talked, drank wine and did some people watching :-) I'm going to make it back here when they have live music, I hear it's pretty awesome!
4	This is a hidden gem in snottsdale....HUGE wine menu, borderline overwhelming, but the waitress was particularly helpful with narrowing down the selection based on your palette.We went on a Friday, and there was a reggae band playing, um, yes please!  A very un-pretentious hangout, good diverse crowd.  The food is a bit expensive, but the egyptian flatbreads are big enough to share, so completely reasonable.
4	FINALLY!!! A wine bar in AZ that stands up to the ones I miss from the bay area! Delicious flights of wine. MY cousin and I went while she was visiting in town. So amazing. She had a flight of all reds, i had a chad and 2 pinot noirs.... perfect, and then followed it up with a glass of one of the wines. MMM! We also shared a little flat bread. One downfall I couldn't read the menu... SHIT this seems to be a thing for me... Maybe new contacts are needed.  Had to take my phone out so my cousin and I could read the menu. Our waitress was a little confused, maybe she had too much fun last night:) Overall LOVE this place, and think I will become a regular here! 2 flights of wine, 2 full glasses and a flat bread all for about 60$ that's not bad at all...
1	I've been here 3 or 4 times before and the service is always spotty to non-existent, with the added insult of unfriendly staff. We came in last Saturday and sat there for at least a full 10-15 mins. before I went up to the bar to politely see about getting some table service. How does the bartender reply to one of his valued patrons? "Oh, yeah, are you at the table with the other guy glaring at me? You're supposed to wait to be seated."No kidding. In all the times I've EVER been in there was no hostess service, let alone a "please wait to be seated sign". Plus, it's so dark in there they can't see you anyway! We had to read the table menu by iPhone light.So, when the waitress finally does show up, is she apologetic, congenial...friendly in any fashion (not that I really expected her to be)? I re-iterate that we'd been waiting quite a while, and she snidely, rudely comes back with, "Well, you should have waited to be seated. Or perhaps you shouldn't be served at all."Once again, no kidding, folks. We'd had a couple of glasses across the street, but were very much in control of our faculties. Since when does complaining or commenting about being ignored equate to "non-servableness"? And a COMPLETELY rude and uncalled for tone towards the customer???Is it any wonder in the world that your waitstaff gets told off and your full-of-itself establishment written off, when YOU create these situations through incompetence? Skip Kazimierz and head to AZ Wine Co., Atlas Bistro, Citizen Public House, and AZ88 where the staff are fun, friendly, competent, and know what great service is all about.
4	Oh how badly I want to give Kaz five stars! Its darkened mysterious entrance, soulful live-music, surrounded by rugged walls and old-world art make you feel as if you've stepped into the scene of a noire film where the femme fatale is about to turn the tables on you.The daunting wine list is managed by asking asking for recommendations, and the food is superb-the Egyptian flatbreads cooked to perfection. The pork tacos are just as amazing but it would be nice if explained on the menu it comes with three so you would know how best to order if sharing with someone.The only thing less than great was service. The mostly young wait staff seem to be forgetful at times - focusing and chatting mostly with patrons they know personally - than realizing my group had been ready to order for over 10 minutes. This happened to not only me, but another stranger trying desperately to make eye contact with a bartender to no avail, until I helped get someone's attention.All in all, the food, wine, music and general mysterious ambiance surpass its mediocre service, making Kazimirez stand out among the rest.
4	Kazimierz was recommended to me by our valet on the way to dinner.  I was skeptical because it sounded like a cheesy club name since everyone pronounces it "cashmere's."  I was really impressed by what a cool place it turned out to be.   Our mixologist (I love how seriously everyone takes themselves these days) completely insulted my friend when she asked for Grey Goose.  Really?  But he gave us a complete history of the bar which was pretty interesting.  Once the live music started the atmosphere reminded me of the Green Mill in Chicago which is one of my favorite places to go.
4	I love the jazz music.....!! The food?  ... Im still thinking about it. Yet, I suppose thats why the focus is on the drinks ;)Either way, fabulous place to enjoy the evening.  Wish I knew of more places like this in the Phoenix area.  I really should start one, and bring in more real vocal jazz at its best! :)
4	This is truly a one of a kind spot in Scottsdale. It's cozy, it's intimate, it's secretive and its a great choice for a glass of vino by candlelight. If you're lucky, you might even visit on a night with live jazz music. Kazmierz is a wine bar that feels like your in the basement wine cellar of a castle. The entrance is hidden (but not really...it's just in the back). If you visit on a weekend night, it's likely that you'll have to search and possibly wait for a seat because it's seat yourself. This isn't really a place for dinner but rather some good wine and maybe a cheese board or two. Oh and don't forget about the music! Like I mentioned, they do a great job of bringing in local musicians to sing while you sip.
4	Happened upon this place last night for pre-thanksgiving drinking after finding 5th and Wine having last call at 9pm. At first had trouble finding the place. Luckily we just happened to park in front of the non-descript storefront and heard music playing from within. We read the sign which peaked our curiosity and went to the back entrance. The wooden door in the back simply has a sign that reads above it "The Truth is Inside." It was a little intimidating because no one was around. No doorman or host. Walked in, finding myself in a cavernous, spacious room with sofas and tables scattered about. We must have looked lost as we were greeted and seated almost immediately. The ambiance of the place immediately appealed to me as it reminded me of low key hole-in-the-wall lounges from my time in New York. No deuce-baggery or typical crowd from party-town Scottsdale that you'd normally see in the area. Everyone seemed to be nestled in their own world with their friends, immersed in conversation or even just the moment. Only a couple draw-backs I found with the place. The server that was taking our orders was fairly bad, with my party having to literally waive him down every time. Also he seemed less knowledgeable about certain drinks than we did. Other tables had noticed this as well, with patrons seeming mildly frustrated. After waiting 10 minutes for my Old Fashioned. I asked another server where my drink was she retorted "I am sure your server will be with you shortly," and then walked away. I let it slide because they seemed under-staffed for the pre-thanksgiving crowd. The Old Fashioned itself was poorly made, watered down with too much club soda and an inordinate amount of fruit smashed at the bottom of my glass. I would recommend avoiding specialty cocktails, though I have not tried other drinks on their menu. I opted to try beer for the next round. The beer menu humored me a bit, as did the wine list. The owners seemed to really take the namesake Kazimierz "World" Wine Bar to heart. The beer and wine list seemed to be a melange of randomly selected beers and wines from different countries, with no real particular direction or reason. That being said I did try a random beer and it was not half bad. What really rectified the experience for me was the music. The deejay last night was incredible, a mix of old jazz, funk and soul beats; definitely played into my growing affinity to Kazimierz. If not for him, I think the overall experience would have been less palatable and the poor service would not have been tolerable. Definitely will be back a second time to see if Kazimierz can rectify the hiccups of last night. Honestly I fell in love with the place and think that I have found my new watering hole in Scottsdale.
4	Fun atmosphere - dark, mysterious, semi-loud live music.The wine flights are fun and flatbreads were tasty.I would have expected a longer wine list from a world wine bar, but I have learned to lower my standards for AZ wine bars compared to wine bars in Chicago.
4	Im not a huge wine drinker but I love the novelty of this place. #1 It doesnt have the most obvious entrance. #2 I call it the hobbit hole..because of the entrance and the dimly lit, underground-esque feel. It's very hipster yet swanky. Regrettably i have never eaten here.. per people's posts it seems to be items ffrom the Cowboy Ciao menu next door. I have had the "Kazimierz" shot though and I it's tasty. It's worth checking this place out, just to see it, and have the shot. You'll love it if you're a wino! ;p
4	We had a reservation at FNB but showed up a little early, so we went to Kazimierz for a glass of wine.  We only had one drink, but the selection was great and the prices were reasonable.  Charlie was our bartender and he gave us some excellent tips for ordering at FNB.  If we had more time in Arizona we would have gone back.  Kazimierz's menu had some interesting cocktails and I would have liked to try some of them.  Highly recommended.
5	A special place, as L and I had our first date here. We had a Middle Eastern Flight since I never had wine before from Turkey. L knew nothing about wine except riesling and 3 years later. She is a connoisseur. I like that it is hidden. I know they have signs directing people to the front door., The fun is knowing about a place that no one else knows about.
5	WOW! I cant believe I had never been here before! I'm usually not a big fan of Scottsdale night life, but this place was sooo great and totally unique! I had such a fab time dancing and jamming away to this sick jazz band who totally rocked! Plus my sparkling wine flights were delish! I loved the mixed crowd and decor too. Will be back for more soon.
3	I use to LOVE Kazimierz so I am trying to be fair in giving it 3 stars.  Most of my experiences have been 4 stars but the last two visits here have been a 1 or 2 star so...Kazimierz is a hidden, fantastic wine bar in Scottsdale, which use to be very intimate and was a great spot to cozy up to a date.  Lately though they have been packing people in to this awesome bar which has so much potential.  It's elbow to elbow now, with pretty bad service but still a great wine selection.  I'll still come here whenever I'm visiting the area because I have a soft spot for it, and I am hoping it returns back to the awesome, secret cozy wine get away it use to be, and I know in the area, there isn't really any other spot, no matter how bad the service, that compares to it.
4	Always seem to stumble upon Kazimierz while wandering Old Town looking for a good place for live music.  I have never been disappointed here.  I've had a few things on the menu - namely the pretzel bite appetizer with mustard(?) jam, various cheese plates, and street tacos.  All are quite good at a reasonable price.
4	I can see myself coming here a few times a month, easy.The dark atmosphere, the live music, the wine, the finger foods, the great service, these all add up to a fantastic evening. The company I was with  just made it that much better. Let's put it this way, I just moved to Scottsdale from Manhattan about two weeks ago and I had already heard about Kazimierz from at least three different people. With such a great reputation from word of mouth alone, I had to come check it out. We told our cocktail server that we were looking for a bottle. Specifically a Cabernet blend with either Shiraz or Petite Syrah. She offered her suggestion of the Australian Cab/Shiraz blend called The Scribbler at $35, and after a quick taste, we went for it and loved every drop.The only thing I didn't care for was volume of the band. Perhaps it was because we were too close to the front, but they were pretty loud. It made conversation difficult, I found myself shouting at times. The service is great, they're on top of things without constantly interrupting your conversation. The bathrooms are neat and tidy as well! I love me a clean bathroom, who doesn't? You'll definitely see me here on a regular basis.
1	I read the best and the worst reviews here on Yelp before venturing out to see a friend's band play.  Thank God that was the reason for the trip and not to get good service.  Upon entering (not as dark as they say) we were greeted with a $5 cover charge, which we expected.  The gentleman told us to find a spot at the bar.  There were clearly (as could be seen upon entering) no spots at the bar, and it was about two deep at that juncture (later on it became three deep).  No one asked if we were there to dine.  So... they made that decision for us.The only free spot had a reserved sign on it.Though the decor is gorgeous and fun and comfy, that's where it ends.  Always always always a line for the two onesie unisex restrooms.  Having to put the lid down for a total stranger is just yunk.  I understand their logic, just .. eesh.  It was HOT.  I had to stand the entire time, which was not such a big deal but... it's like standing on the outskirts of a seated room.. a bit awkward (thank heavens for the "dim lighting").  At no time did anyone ever ask if we'd like to have a drink or be seated.  Every time a table opened up, a busser quickly came over and placed a reserved sign on the table.  I suppose I could have gone back to the doorperson and requested to get on a list but... at this point I didn't want to drop a dime here.  There was no getting to the bar for a drink, however, a TIP for those who are there to see the band and can afford to leave for 10 minutes at a time every hour or so.  Exit Kazimierz, make a left... soon you'll see lights on a building on the corner... head that way.  There is a beacon of hope called Bungalow Bar and Grill... there's a back entrance to the outdoor patio via gate.  A cold beer is quick to come by.  Unfortunately, once I arrived there I couldn't bring myself to head back to Kazimierz.PS:  Clientele is as pretentious as they say.  Everyone who attends thinks they are pretty and special and elite.  It's actually kind of humorous albeit a bit sad.
4	Love love love this place.Great speakeasy. The bartenders here are awesome, as is the atmosphere. Try the house shot.
5	Loved it.  Wonderful atmosphere (dark and romantic), friendly staff and amazingly talented musicians.  One of the few places to go where it's about the music first, conversation second.
3	The underground wine cellar theme is done very well. It's a comfortable place to sit and relax. They have live music but there is nowhere to dance. Kazimierz is definitely a sit down and sip your wine kind of place. Everything is over priced so don't be surprised when you pay $8 for a glass of their cheapest wine. They use large glasses but don't put much wine in them -- but at least it looks like you are getting a lot.
2	I have been frequenting Kazimierz for about 10 years. It has definitely gone downhill in that time. They don't even offer wine flights anymore! What the ....? They used to change out their cheeses every week or 2 and offered a sextet where you could try all 6 of them for about $20. Now they only offer each cheese individually for $6 a piece and have had the same cheeses for months. You are supposed to get bread with each cheese, but we found out if you order more than one at a time, you only get the small 6 piece baguette and need to keep asking for more and then get charged $2.00 for them. The people that work there think they are better than you and treat you accordingly. It gets way too busy after 9pm and the people that go there think they are as cool as the people that work there do. One time we were there we got cheeses to go, they couldn't get the order right and ulitmately, we came home with a couple of wrong ones. Plus, they only gave us half of what we normally get when we eat it there. What a rip off! On top of it, this whole mess took over an hour to get. Last time we walked in and wanted to sit at a table. They had just opened but wouldn;t let us take a table because they get busy after 8pm. Um, it was 6pm when we got there and there only a handful of people there. We sat at the bar and found out there are no more wine flights and the guy working at the bar didn't even care or offer anything. He just didn't seem to give a crap if we walked out, so we did. All in all, I would suggest trying this place once but after that, it gets old real fast and costs too much for what you get....pretentious people.
1	My fiance, my sister and me went here for an early dinner on a Friday night in February.  We'd heard great things and were eager to try it.Even though the place was practically empty, we had the WORST, most inattentive server I've ever had.  She spent most of her time chatting with the bartender.  Our drinks took forever, our hummus (while very good) took forever and the fact that we were so ignored that we never even got silverware, made the dinner unbearable.   We were able to get one round of drinks and a hummus and antipasto platter before we decided we couldn't take it anymore and asked for the check.To top it all off, I sent an email to the address on their website about the poor service and experience we had, and no one emailed me back. No one called me about it to apologize.  I will NEVER return here. Spend your money somewhere where they actually care about their customers.
2	In theory, this is a nice place and I wanted to like it. However, the music was good but VERY loud and the service was bad. The waitress herself was nice and helpful but she seemed to be the only person working so there was a long wait for everything. Also, the longer we sat there waiting the more I noticed how cheesy the interior is - it looks like the Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disney World. The stone is not real and there are little yellow lights up everywhere like some kind of Halloween shop. Maybe on another night we would have had a better experience, but I don't know if I'll come back here.
4	Cool and off beat yet close to everything.  I frequent Kazimierz about two - three times per year. I have never had a bad time here; I think it would be hard too.  It is in the heart of Old Town but somehow manages to not have the douche-bag clientele that goes with the area.  It is dimly lit and the decor is eclectic.  There is a map of the world made of pennies that is the backdrop for the live bands.  When I first moved to AZ 3 years ago I had my birthday party here and I decided to have my birthday here this year as well.  OK, well it was birthday 2012 part deux.  I had just returned from celebrating my birthday in Atlanta a couple of day before: See Nikko Bisto review.  We had a reserved couch that was in perfect position to see the live band. To my surprise the band for the evening was Elvis Before Noon!  I love that band and Mr. Peabody, this to me was a great gift.  I say that because that was the first time they played at Kaz.  They sang happy birthday, the Beach boys version.  Fun. I gave 4 stars because our waitress was not very attentive.  Our bill was over $500 for about 5 or 6 people and she was not worth her tip at all.  We seemed to be in a miserable mood and was just not coming around enough and was not very good at presenting the food and drinks.  Also, I know she was not a sommelier but she was not too good at wine recommendations either.  Hey this is a WINE bar. Aside from our server we had a great time here as usual.  They have a great wine menu as well as a full bar.  The food is really good.  They have a really good cheese board and anti-pasta.  The hummus is also very tasty as is the flatbread.  I think you get my point; it is all good.  Will be back soon.  M-
5	This place is a must go to chill and drink good wine. They usually have a live band and great ambiance. A really good wine selection and some tasty food. I like the 3 cheese fondue and street tacos. Their flatbreads are alright.
5	As usual this place is amazing.  2000 bottles of wine great beer and great food.  Best of all is the atmosphere I can't really describe it but it is a good place to relax and chill with friends.
5	This is our favorite wine bar in Scottsdale!  The atmosphere offered by the cave-like speakeasy environment offers a unique retreat from the typical bar scene and the selection of wines and beers changes regularly so there is always something new to try rather than the same boring, tired selections that many places offer on their stagnant and never-changing menus.  The staff always offer great service and can usually offer a winning wine recommendation when we describe what we like.  They also have beers from worldwide locations including some obscure places that one wouldn't ordinarily expect to find a quality brew, but my husband has found numerous beers here that he loves.  The place can get a bit loud when they have a DJ playing, but the uniqueness of the overall experience outweighs any negatives and is definitely a place that's worth checking out.
3	I've been to Kaz a few times, and frankly service has always been not so great. I'm easy to please in that department, a little effort and explanation if you're slammed or things aren't great in the kitchen, I get it, I used to waitress, but if things are slow and you're not attentive, I'm not going to be a regular. That said, three stars for the wine list which is pretty good for Scottsdale and for the food, which is definitely yummy. The fondue is good, and I've tried all but one of the flatbreads and they're scrumptious, a perfect complement to wine. The atmosphere is definitely a pull, it's an intimate setting and maybe that's a reason service is so slow -- they know they're a hookup joint, lol. I went once for live music, though, and I'm definitely never doing that again, way too loud.
3	So I'm torn on how to rate this place star-wise because honestly, there were a few things that were 10 stars and there were a few things that were 1 star. So let me break it down for you. We walked in to this cool little spot on the Sunday before Memorial Day and it was about half full. It looked like it was VERY groovy but I seriously had to use my phone to walk around because it was SO dark. We sat at the bar and not one of the bartenders addressed us for like 15 minutes. Maybe they couldn't see us? Anyhoo the wine list is interesting and I was having a hard time choosing something. The one bartender that finally waited on us had NO personality. I asked for a taste of a few things they had by the glass. They sounded very interesting but I had never heard of quite a few of them and I pride myself on knowing my wine. The first one I tried was a syrah blend that had something to do with chocolate and it was just that...too chocolatey. My friend ordered a glass of the Justin Cabernet which is always a safe bet. I then asked for the Tannat they had by the glass. It was awful. It taste like it had been opened for days. I told our personality challenged bartender and he went and tattled on us to maybe the manager? The manager then came over and was pleasant if a bit condescending at first. He said "well have you ever had a Tannat? and I said "actually, all the time, I know what they're about and that is no Tannat" he then did agree with me and said "just tell me what you're looking for" I told him I wanted a Cabernet Franc or Grenache which they didn't have either by the glass. He ended up pouring me something that really was delicious. He definitely redeemed the evening because he was professional and helpful. We then ordered the flatbread with pesto and a few different cheeses and it was seriously one of the better flatbreads I've ever had. They had two guys playing live music and they were very good. So my break down is:Atmosphere - 4Attitude - 1 except for the knowledgeable bartender, he gets a 10Flatbread - 10QPR - 10...for those non-winey's this is quality price ratio
4	The moment you walk in, you kind of get the feeling that you're walking into a dark basement. You have the feeling that you're transported back to an "old world," because it looks like the inside of a old castle with stained glass windows and dark stone walls. There is even a large cool looking mural of the world behind the small stage area where the band plays that looks rustic. The setting is really initimate as many have said in their reviews and it'd probably be a good place to bring a date or catch up with old friends. You can talk to one another by candlelight while listening to a variety of background music or you can come when there's a band playing (which I have unfortunately missed out on and am curious about). It is pretty dark though, so maybe it's also a good place if you're nervous to talk to the person you're going with because maybe it'll be an easier setting to talk since you don't really see each other even with candle light... When I went this past Sunday around 7-ish, it wasn't crowded which gave me a sigh of relief. The last time I went here on a busy Saturday night, there was no place to sit. Most tables were either reserved or already filled with people so I just had to sit on my hubby's lap! Our waitress this time was really friendly and was very attentive. I had a mixed champagne drink called Champselysee (Sorry if I spelled that wrong...) that was pretty good. It was my first time trying a non-wine drink here. They have a pretty wide selection of wines available, so i never thought to check their mixed drinks until this past Sunday on a whim.
4	Wait how did I get into this place? The non descriptive sign on the uhh front of the building ( or is it the back) is cryptic to say the least.. and no I hadn't even had a glass of the vino yet and I circled around it twice.Anyway once I had found this place I was impressed by it cavernous old world feel. Cheese plates and red wine are a great way to start or end a night. One of Scottsdale's  gems in old town a must when out on the town. Your date will appreciate your sensibility and culture in the dimly lit ambiance and may overlook the fact that you spilled fondue on your shirt and don't know the difference between a Malbec and Pinot Grigio, trust me.
5	Good stuff
3	1930's old school cool.  It took us a few tries to locate this hidden speakeasy, but once we found the door (which is all part of the experience) and clammered through  the basement like darkness, the hip drink list and specialty beers lit up our night.
5	This place is not like any other in the state. Their wine list is truly astonishing, yet you do not need to be a wino to appreciate it. They have an amazing liquor and beer selection, and the ambiance  and worldly music is perfect!
1	Oh dear does this jack off of a place deserve a whole star? Ahh NO!  As most people can see I rarely leave a crappy review.  I try to leave the most positive feedback as the world seems miserable enough without additional negative feedback online.  Friday night, had a cocktail at AZ88 with a great experience and met a few people that were headed over to Kazimierz.  I have been here before, when I used to vacation here (I now live here) and I remember vaguely not being overly happy.  Now I know I hate this place.  First of all the place is way too dark, light some more candles, turn up a light or two, do something.  Next well over 60% of the wines on their "Wine List" they don't have.  Imagine that.  I remember this happening the last time, years ago.  Funny how I forgot.  Next the place is hidden behind other restaurants and you have to search for it and there is no actual sign, just some stupid riddle.  Lets go back to Friday night, apparently they had a band. So they thinks they deserve a cover charge for the band, that isn't really good anyway.  So 2 people @ $5.00, spent at door.  Only to walk in and find the same dark space, crappy band, and no WINE!!!  Needless to say I had to settle for warm crap wine only to have the bartenders be rude and combative.  I attend a lot of fine establishments here in Scottsdale and it seems that when you head down to any place in Old Towne, you end up with rude, young, inexperienced staff and this is a fine collection of that.  Then to add cover to crappy service, really irritates me.  Worry not, Kazimierz will surely be out of business soon with this level of service and stock of wine.
4	If you're looking for a super lounge-y relaxed kind of place, Kazimierz is so the place to go! They have an awesome cheese platter and a million different types of wine to try. It's a very laid back kind of place and the servers are very helpful when trying to decide which wines to try next.It is kind of dark and pretty loud... but you're in Old Town, it's kind of expected :P
5	Love this place for it's wine list and great appetizers. I've been twice and recommend going just after it opens up for the evening for quite conversation and
4	Overall a really good experience. If you don't know exactly where it is, may take some time to figure it out (hint its not a street facing facade..door in back). But once you walk in, you enter a dark, romantic, chill scene. The seating is a bit cramped if you haven't reserved anything (so do that!) It being our second date and our first time, we just had wine. They had a great selection at decent prices (per glass/per bottle). They also have a bar.  We went on a Fri, and they had music as well. It was a bit loud as its a small venue, but who cares! This is a great date spot or a casual spot for a group of friends. Looking forward to returning here and indulging in all they offer.  I have already recommended this!
4	The ambience of Kazmierz is cool, I like the fact that it's dark inside and looks like a basement wine cellar (with a bar and dance floor of course!) It is pretty laid back and loungy, so nothing like the crazy club scene some of Old Town Scottsdale has going on. I love coming here with friends to enjoy wine and appetizers. Every time I have been, we have had good service and have listened to good live music. I like bringing new people too because they always seem to enjoy it just as much as I do!
3	We had a company after hours event at Kazimierz for about 15 people and the food, wine and service (from our waiter) was great but the event planner was terrible. Her name is Samantha. It was like pulling teeth to get answers out of her for anything leading up to the event and also went out of town for a week without giving us any notice. We were on deadline to get invites out and plan our speaker. We're trying to spend a lot of money at your restaurant, why is it so hard to get back to us? After the event was over, the person who paid didn't get a receipt so I contacted Samantha and got no reply. Keep in mind, the person who put the bill on their credit card needed the receipt to get reimbursed by the company. Fast forward 4 emails and 3 voice mails later from me and about the same amount from my coworker and still no reply. Finally, she emails my coworker saying she faxed it to us. We never received the fax. We emailed her two more times and left her 3 more voice mails and still have not heard anything. It's currently August 16th. Our event was June 26th. Absolutely ridiculous and we will never be hosting a company event at Kazimierz again.
4	Great live music and wonderful atmoshpere to enjoy.
4	I love wine bars, but this place really wasn't my scene. But the bartender was great, offered personalized service. Not sure if I would return here, but it's not because of the wine or lack of service. This place knows how to run an operation.
3	Came here on a Saturday at the end of restaurant week- the bar was busy, nowhere to sit.. sigh. Out of nowhere comes this wonderful woman, asking the three of us if we would like a table in the back, in the "wine cave." We jumped at her offer, and with that sat down on a very comfortable couch with three glasses of wonderful wine.I am not giving Kazimierz 3 stars because of the actual bar, but because of its clientele. No thanks. Older, 30k millionaires. Not a fan!
5	I have found my new favorite spot in Old Town. Seriously - this place is awesome. And to address all of the negative comments about the staff - well, if you come in reeking of douche bag, you get treated like a douche bag. End of story. Oh, and as far as I know, I'm not rich or pretentious, so EVERYONE there can't be. It's the usual Old Town crowd. A pleasant mix. Anyway, back to my new weekend home. I didn't even know this place existed. My fiance and I had gotten out of a movie at 1130 and were hunting for somewhere to go get drinks and food at that hour that wasn't Mill. Enter my brilliant fiance, who suggested Kazimierz. I'd never heard of it, but I'm always down to try a new place. So we drive all the was to Old Town from Gilbert to get our fix. SO. VERY. WORTH IT. We park and he walks me up to the side of a building: no markings, no apparent door. I was a little confused. Turns out this is only one of the cool things about the place. I like the secrecy. So we walk in to this dim, wine cellar feeling place. The band is just clearing up, and there is space at the bar. Granted, it was about 1am, so I could see how this place could get packed early. We take a seat at the bar, and have to wait a full 2 minutes before we are approached. And if I didn't already like the place, I LOVED the staff. We ended up talking to both people behind the bar pretty much the whole night. I will admit, they were the coolest people there, seeing as how the crowd next to us was centered around some annoying little blond train wreck screaming about sports she had no clue about. Yeahhh. So we got to talk to Chris and Kiefer behind the bar, who were not only nice, but freaking hilarious. Pretty much everything I wanted to be when I was in hospitality. If someone came up acting ridiculous, they were informed. And I'm sorry, but that is allowed. I don't care if you're in customer service, if some one is acting douchey, you do not have to appease their self imposed authority. Well, we had two glasses of wine each, and when my fiance asked about an awesome looking shot the bartender was making, he made two extras and just gave them to us. Without any reason to, he was just being plain awesome. The shots were heaven, BTW. We ordered by far the best flat bread I have ever had. We couldn't figure out which one we wanted, so one of the servers helped us out and suggested one that was not even on the menu, which turned out to be exactly what we wanted. Soooo good. We ended up spending the rest of our night here until it was closing down. Chris and Kiefer were nicer than they needed to be, and the food and wine was delicious and priced ridiculously well for what you get. I highly HIGHLY recommend this place if you enjoy any kind laid back, wine induced, entertaining nights. Unless you're a douche bag. Then stay away from my place. :)
5	The best dessert I've ever had. I split the brownie and the brie with two girlfriends and we were shocked at how delicious they were. Every bite of the brownie is like, what is happening to my body- this is so amazing, type of experience.
5	one of the better wine bars that ive been to AND the crazy thing here is that the food they serve up here is just as good as their inventory of wine.3000 bottles of wine. thats a solid cellar.  they actually sell their wine list as a book and its easily the most confusing wine list ive ever seen...its all organized by PRICE, so one page will have wine of different kinds from different regions from all over....very confusing if you ask me, but that kinda adds to the "fun-ness" of this spot...dimly lit, hard to find...full of nice folks serving up some good grub and wine.had the pate here...was just as good as pate gets...had the pretzels here...was the BEST pretzel ive ever had...kinda tasted like a deep fried pretzel...but it wasnt...the crust was crispy and the inside was doughy...these things come in a set of 3 large pieces of pretzel and arent shaped as "pretzels" at all...honestly...i thought they were donuts...they were just that good...not to mention they served it up with the most amazing mustard that ive ever had as well...phenomenal...had a few other things off their menu and although limited in selection...everything tasted amazing...nice spot in the artsy fartsy area of scottsdale, but would definitely recommend to anyone who appreciates good food and wine.
5	Excellent bartenders, service, and live dj.
5	OVERALL:--------------If you can find it, then you will enjoy very good food and attentive service (although they get really busy on weekends, so get there early).  And there are only two single bathrooms, so head to the restroom before you "gotta go."DRINKS:------------A HUGE (this would have been so much more impactful if I could have written it in bold in a really large font) selection of wines by the bottle and glass at all different price points.FOOD:---------Good variety and delish dishes that are great for sharing with your companion.  As an aside, bring a companion here with you!AMBIENCE:----------------Dark, sexy, cavelike vibe.  Live music on certain days, so check the website or call ahead because there aren't too many quiet corners for conversation after the tunes start.
5	Loved this place! Went last night with a friend and we will be back. The wine and the cheese fondue were delicious. Fondue took a little longer then expected but they had a new chef and we understand. They were very apologetic about it and handledIt well.
5	I have been back several times since my original visit and this place still gets a five star review.  The wine list continues to amaze me every time I go in.  I have gone in with my friend who is in the wheelchair and they continue to be super accommodating in helping us get a table and make our way to the table.  Other customers could use some lessons in manners but that is another story.Specials continue to rotate in and never disappoint me.  Music is perfect, not too loud and not too quiet.  This is a great intimate spot for first dates or to gather with friends for drinks  The servers continue to be very knowledgeable about the wines they serve and are able to pair the lay terms your use to describe what you like to the perfect wine for you. Can't wait to get back for another glass of wine.
4	If you're ever looking for the perfect date-night-spot... you just found it. Dim lights, sexy music, amazing decor... and lots of delicious alcohol. Wine and champagne selection is FABULOUS. They let you sample the wine before ordering the glass... which is a foolproof way of getting more tipsy than you anticipated... OH WELL. No judging, but honestly, I ordered their Tuscany pizza, lol. I WAS HUNGRY! Surprisingly, pizza and wine are perfect together. They are very light on the sauce, so if you prefer heavy sauce... let them know ahead of time. Not to mention, the bartenders are very easy on the eyes. I was on a date, though, so I had to keep myself in check. If you're not, enjoy the eye candy! ;)
4	This place is swanky and looks like a good place ot just cozy up with a date on a couch or sit around a small table with a group of friends to chat.  I liked the chill crowd.  I imagine it is because of the house rules that basically do not allow f-bombs, baseball caps, and other bro-like behaviors.  I am not much of a drinker, but my friends liked the beer/wine selection.  Our server was pretty nice and was pretty s3xy without being skanky.
3	Came here on a sat night and paid a $5 cover at the door; it was packed. Great live music, otherwise it would have been 2 stars. I come from the land of table minimums, great cocktails and NO cover charges. So what I don't like is waiting 10 min for service (severely understaffed) and to be told that there's no cocktail menu, and that they "encourage people to order bottles of wine." Excuse me, but where exactly am I supposed to stick both a glass and a bottle, on my head? Well I've got a better suggestion for you as to where I'd stick it. My overpriced cocktail sucked by the way. Come here early when you can still hog a table for the whole night, or opt for a week day. And stick to wine, we would have, only we'd already started the night with other spirits.
5	I tried this place for the first time for Valentines Day. They were offering a fondue and wine special, but had the regular menu open as well. The special was great--for $49 a couple, we had a salad, cheese fondue, chocolate fondue, champagne, wine, and port.  Our waitress told us honestly that the portions weren't too sizeable, so we did also order an additional olive and cheese plate. (Honestly, we probably could have done without but wanted to splurge a bit since it was Valentine's day.)The quality of the food was excellent! I really want to get the recipe to the chopped salad! The fondue was pretty tasty as well--not as good as Melting Pot, but much better for the price!We liked the atmosphere even more than the food. Having to enter through the back (as you would for "any good speakeasy") added a fun and exclusive element.  Once inside, the tables are lit romantically by candelight. Around 9pm, towards the end of our meal, the jazz group began playing. They're definitely talented! Of course, if you want a more "quiet" atmosphere, I'd come before they start. :)I'm excited to go back and try Kazimierz on a normal night!
4	Great place for a date night... The ambience is dark and relaxing.
4	Such a cool place, the atmosphere is on point with your typical 1920's speakeasy.  The food was great!  Try the 3 cheese fondue with bread and apples and for something phenomenal I would suggest trying the Santa Fe with onions.  (Trust me the onions make ALL the difference).  It's semi-affordable and I was full by the end of the meal!
5	Wonderful selection of wine.  The live Jazz band was incredible and had everyone dancing.  I wish we had more wine bars with live music in NJ.
4	I've been here many times, on girl's night on dates and each time it's the same, great wine list, great small plates with a wonderful assortment (such as olives and cranberries and cheese) which may not sound great together but with the perfect wine, it is in fact, quite good.  The service is always on point, especially considering how crowded it usually is.  On this particular night, there was a band, which I quite enjoyed however made it quite difficult to enjoy conversation and the company. Overall, a great experience but get there early as seating is limited and there will be a wait.
1	DON'T BOTHER!  Shockingly rude staff!  We'd been here before and the service was ok - liked Caoboy Ciao so decided to give it another shot.  We encountered the usual musty smell - like the inside of a wine barrel.  It was very dark and crowded.  They charged a $5 cover because of the live music - no one else does??  We walked around to the back and just as we did some peoloe got up from one of the seating areas - a couple of chairs and a love seat.  We walked over and sat down - there are no signs that say to please wait to be seated and no apparent host/hostess.  We waited for a bit for service and then the rest of our party got up to either find a restroom or order some cocktails; I stayed to save our spot.  A very young man with long blonde dirty hair came over and removed the glasses that had been sitting on the table.  When I said hello he said - and this is a direct quote, "You need to leave!"  I figured I must have mis-heard and said "Excuse me, what did you say?" He replied, "I said you need to leave!  I'm seating some guests here and you can't sit here!"  and walked away.  I WAS FLOORED!  I have never in my life, and I have traveled extensively - been spoken to so rudely.  I left and found the rest of my party and explained what had happened.  I asked them to refrain from the myriad of optional reactions they discussed and went to find the young waiter myself.  I did and confronted him about his rude behavior.  He said he was sorry that I felt he was rude - not a good response.  I asked a waitress for the manager and guess what?!  He was the manager!  We explained what had happened, said we were leaving and would never be back.  I somehow doubt that they or anyone in their management care judging from the repeated bad reviews regarding rude service.  I just hope I can save someone else from the distasteful experience.
3	The ambiance was just average.  The bartender was very friendly and a delight to chat with.  The pretzel bread was great as was my wine.
5	Although we usually don't go out on a Monday night, we had a guest in town and the next day off from work so the opportunity had to be taken advantage of! I always forget about this place as it's tucked away location doesn't lend itself to a highly visible sign to jog my memory. There was a jazz band playing and a $5pp cover charge. We opted for cocktails this evening rather than wine. Although they were very good, two of the selections we wanted were "out", which is a little odd. We got the tomato-mozz flatbread, the manchego cheese and the fondue as well. Everything tasted very delicious as we cleaned out plates! Service was good and the decor in this place is so awesome. It makes you feel like you're in the basement of some speakeasy. Bar stool tables, couches, it's very cozy, dim, cool. Need to come here more often!
4	Great place to relax with a good glass of wine.
5	Absolutely. In. Love. with this place. Romantic, and cool cool cool. I felt like I hit the lotto of ambience when my friend and I came here on the recommendation of a bartender at another bar. It can be tricky to find, in a underground bar sort of way- there is no sign, just a large wooden door with a sign that reads "The Truth is Inside" over it. We came when Charlie Rae was there who was absolutely AMAZING. This girl is going to be huge. Like if Ray Lamontagne and Lauren Hill had a love child. Her voice seriously gave me goosebumps. Do yourself a favor and look up her stuff. Anywho, back to Kaz Bar. This venue was dark and smelled like smoky wood and was filled with people just having a chill fantastic time enjoying wine and the amazing talent on stage. The whole audience got involved clapping, singing and dancing around. This would be a killer date spot. Didn't try the food but like the sign says, The Truth is inside. The truth is this place rocks. Can't wait to go back.
4	Great place to grab a drink in downtown Scottdale. I was there on business and was impressed with what I had experienced as far as a decent wine list considering it was not very extensive and delicious appetizers. If you are a meat market person, you can do alot worse to as well.
4	This wine bar is one of my favorite spots in general. Hidden in Old Town Scottsdale, you enter through a solid wooden door with a placard with the words "The Truth Is Inside" above it. It can be tricky to find so you may want to turn on your GPS for this one. Walking into Kazimierz is like walking into a warmly lit French wine cellar fit for a king. Dining options are fairly limited, but everything from the cheese plate to the Tuscan flatbread is delicious. The wine menu on the other hand is out of control. This menu comes in a colossal binder, which includes over 3,200 wines. I wish you the best of luck. My only complaint is that it can get pretty busy...but I mean it's fair!
2	So I was very unimpressed with this wine bar. For one This place is supposed to mimic a speakeasy, but we're not in prohibition anymore so maybe make the entrance a little easier to find? After finally making it into the establishment, I found my friends at a table that they had to wait 45 minutes for. This surprised me as there were numerous couches open throughout the place, but these are apparently saved for parties of six or more. Even when the place is packed. Then the waitress failed to return to take my drink order so I was forced to make my way to the bar. The bartender took his time disengaging from the woman at the bar that he was obviously hitting on and he seemed annoyed that he had to leave to get me a glass of wine. Then there was the wine, not so great. It was a reasonably priced malbec blend from Argentina which got me pretty excited, but it had obviously been opened for far too long and the taste(or lack of) was reflected by this fact. This place should really step it up considering they're in Scottsdale or there will be no future for them in a city that demands the best.
4	I was visiting Arizona from New York & came here to celebrate my dear friends birthday. We also came to see another friend perform with his band. The ambience is great. The bartenders are all very handsome guys & really gorgeous "pin up" girl looking ladies. I am not a wine drinker. I love wine but I get the bubble guts when I drink it (yeah, i know TMI). Anyway, it was very intimidating to hear that we were going to a wine bar. However, the waitress was super sweet & accomadating. They actually recreated a drink for me called a "cherry bomb" that I had at Blue Wasabi which is my new favorite drink. Of course, it wasn't exactly the same but it was still pretty good. I was really impressed with the fact that the waitress went out of her way to get me something that I could drink. She even stopped me at one point & said " I feel like you are not happy. I really want to make you happy". That was so super sweet of her & I gave her a very good tip for all of her efforts.I didn't try the food.The great bartenders & waitresses & live band are worth seeing. It ia a bit pricey so be prepared to spend some money. Also, the entrance is in the back of the club so it is hard to find it. Thank God my friend came out to get us.I will definitely be back in the future if time permits it.
5	I've been to Kazimierz many times. I keep going back because while the experience is always enjoyable, it's never exactly the same.It's the perfect spot to enjoy a nightcap (if you can find a seat), or slide in after a long day at work. The wine list is as expansive as you'll find in the area, and there's a bottle for every price point - some of my favorites have been under $30 a bottle, but if you've got a grand or two blowing a hole in your pocket, I'm sure they've got just the thing for you as well.Sometimes it's even enjoyable to walk in by myself on a weeknight, and read the wine list over a glass. It's that big.To me, it's the kind of place that bears checking out at least once.
5	I love this place.  For some reason, whenever I'm out with my friends, we eventually end up here and last night was no exception.Kazimierz is a bit of a hideaway, there's no signage on the door.  But you see that it's a bar when you see the door guy checking for ID.  The atmosphere is always dark and cozy.  There are candles on the tables but expect to take out your cell phone to shed some light on the menu so you can read and order.The drinks are good and there's always a nice live band playing to croon out some tunes for you.Sometimes, people start dancing from wherever they are sitting so it's also a good people watching venue.The place can be romantic as it's dimly lit but come here as an after dinner top off as it can get quite noisy with the music playing and you will it almost impossible to hold a conversation without shouting.If you like live music and a cool atmosphere, come to this place, you won't regret it!
5	I wanted something different for a date night as we live in a smaller town. This was perfect! We ordered a flatbread pizza, the punch, a wine flight, and a couple cheese platters. We loved everything, and our server Leanna was amazing. She was personable, and timely.  The JJ's were playing that night, and we really enjoyed the whole experience.   It is hard to find, it is on the backside of Cowboy Ciao, so take that little alleyway next to the restaurant and find the wooden door with the sign, "The truth is inside" above it.    We will definitely be back again when we are in the area. It is my new favorite place to go out for food and wine. Another note, reservations are accepted for parties of 5 and over. Be sure to do this, as the tables were pretty much all reserved. We arrived around 6, and since we were a party of two weren't able to make one. We ended up at a high top, which after a while in heels, isn't the most comfortable.
5	I knew where this place was. I did. But when walking down the incredibly stinky alley towards the back, I started to question myself. It wasn't what I wanted. It wasn't what I expected. But it was kind of cool. The door man takes his role seriously. I like it, and he lets me in. I escort my date like a gentleman and we take seats by the bar to get an overlook. Live music is about to start. The bar personnel isn't to chatty but friendly. The prices are a little higher, but for the ambiance I feel they should be. They even have a few simple rules that could be classified as a dress code. Don't wear your hat backwards. I like it. Only kids get away with that, and this sure is no place for kids.Another rule is to adhere to the speakeasy - don't cuss, don't yell. I just love it. We ate a little; we drank a little and embraced the milieu with our fellow patrons. This place is a gem, in its dark shadowy appearance. I wouldn't want to change a thing. - IF you are into wine and feel you have the capacity to soak in the atmosphere - Go!- IF you feel that nobody should tell how to act - Don't go! - IF you like to people watch and/or listen to some live music that fits the venue better than your personality - Go!- IF you aren't sure what the front of your ball cap is, but you will not conform to the designed intent - Don't go!- IF you can't determine the proper volume of your voice, or control your flavoring of your language with the salty words that of a sailor - Seek help!
5	Loved this place. The atmosphere is quite unique to the area and the wine I had was incredible as was all the food. Our waitress was very charming, knowledgeable and helpful. There was also an amazing musician playing the night I was there.
5	Love this place! Its a little hard to find but so worth it. Plenty of wine to choose from. Amazing chopped salad and fondu.
4	Love the live band, wine, apps and service! Best cheese and meat plate and you can never go wrong with the chop salad. I would have given it a 5, but there is one small issue.... The high top chairs are extremely uncomfortable! We sat at two different high tops and both times the chairs were almost falling apart and rickety. That's the only complaint.
4	This wine bar is like a wine cave in Paris! Great Ambiance, dark, intimate, great for talking, comfortable... a fun first date, or fun 5th date or drinks and bite with your friends! the food is good!-What to expect? a good time, with good friends or a romantic/ fun date! It's all worth it!Keep this place in your GPS fav's!!
5	I am typically not a fan of the Scottsdale bar scene but Kazimierz in an exception.  They have a very chill environment, which is a breath of fresh air in Scottsdale.  It is a "speak easy' with the entrance located in the back.  There was multiple comfortable seating areas where my friend and I hung out for hours.  The night we went, there was live music--a local band which we enjoyed.  I love Kazimierz!
1	Don't go!!! Rude bartender
4	My friend and I swung in for a light dinner and glass of wine the other night. The hummus plate was packed with veggies, olives, and delicious warm pita bread. They also offer a wide variety of cheese to choose from and these along with the extensive wine list made for some great pairings! The atmosphere was super chill with dim lighting and an amazing band playing in the background. Great place to go out with a group of friends or for date night.
4	We gave this place a try based on a friend referring us here for a date night.  It has a fun feel to it considering the back door entrance and old-world "speak-easy" feel, at least it's something outside the norm!  We arrived a touch too early for their hours, around 5:40 p.m. and they open at 6 p.m. so we walked around the area to kill a bit of time.  The downtown Scottsdale area has more than enough stores to window shop at to kill 20 minutes, so this wasn't an issue.When we arrived back at around 6:10 p.m. we were greeted by Melissa and seated at one of the high top tables for two people.  It was extremely dark inside, and compared to the sunny outside you will want to give your eyes a second to adjust.  The main idea of this place is that it's an old world wine bar.  The menu challenges it's patrons to try something outside of their normal brew orders, which we loved.My fiancee isn't a big wine drinker (he just hasn't found one he loves just yet) and Melissa was amazingly patient with us and talked over the options and made recommendations AFTER listening to his concerns and thoughts on why he didn't like previous wines.We ordered the Three Cheese Fondue which came with toasted baguette and apple slice dippers - Yum!  Couldn't tell you what the three cheeses were since they weren't listed on the menu, but it was good, so who cares!  Also ordered the Pork Belly Flatbread, which we would order again in a heart beat.  As for the wine - I can say that my fiancee finished his glass and even considered a second based on Melissa's recommendations!  Win.  Overall: A (grab Melissa if you can - she is amazing)
5	I work at a wine bar and was referred to go here by a customer. So I read some reviews on here which seemed to all be great. Contrary to what some people have said its very easy to find if you actually read the sign that says the door is in the back. The wine selection and atmosphere is amazing and was great to see some higher end bottles by the glass. Such as a chateauneuf du pape. Food was awesome and service was great. Bartender was also good to talk to. And I love how dimly lit it was. Amazing selection of drinks other then wine also.
4	Great date place! Go on Tuesday nights, The JJ's play and you will not be disappointed. Reserve a couch or just sit at one of the high tops and enjoy the show, they are really fun and the atmosphere is great. *JJ's don't go on until 9:00pmLooks semi-sketchy walking up but that is half the fun of this place, as it seems to be themed like an old speakeasy. If you like live music I would definitely recommend checking out Kazimiers.
4	Love the atmosphere, Love the music - Mattis Claw is great, Love the Bartenders, and wine selections! Just Love!
4	Fabulous decor and ambience Good diverse wine selection in a wide variety of price ranges - wish there was more.  The cheese descriptions on the menu in fact don't really describe the cheese so ask some questions before you order.   Service prompt.  Music jazzy not too loud and appropriate for the overall ambience.
5	This place is a little gem! Seemed rather sultry and exotic to me w/their lack of lighting, live music and leather couches. I mean I'm talking REALLY dark which can either come across as mysterious and romantic, or akin to stumbling across a secret society of Satanists performing rituals involving goats. Just watch your step if you have had a few. They have a smaller dance floor and intimate setting (code word for SMALL)!Our server was very attentive and friendly. I really don't have any complaints!
5	Great atmosphere! It's dark and cozy, they have comfortable couches available, and every time I've heard live music there it's been a great band.
1	Methinks not. I've been to this place two times now. Both times, same experience. Rude staff, very dark and dim lighting and never a place to sit. The only nice thing I have to say about this place is it has live music.
4	This is really a hidden gem in Old Town Scottsdale.  We were there with a large party and they were able to accommodate us.  Their wine selections are pretty impressive and they also have other choices for those who do not like wine.  We were there when they had a live band, which was awesome!  The band was great and encouraged everyone to dance and have a good time!  I will recommend this place to anyone that wants to have a chill place to hang and have a good time with friends!
5	Awesome place, cool chilled out vibe, delicious cheeses and flatbreads, zingy punch bowls and a great selection of wine.
5	Oh, what a wonderful, wonderful romantic place for a date.  I thought the ambience was perfect for an intimate conversation. I adored being walked from the front of Cowboy Ciao thru the outdoor, vine covered passage. It was the perfect amount of distance/time to break the ice when meeting someone new.  What greeted me when the door opened was stunning. The dimmed lighting, combined with the oversized wine caskets, plush seating was very welcoming. Our server, Melissa, was a gem. She incredibly well versed in the vast menu and clearly had a passion for it.As I was with a true wine connoisseur I deferred to their choices on red. I enjoy a more robust red, and provided that amount of guidance. Oh, the joy in watching Melissa describe options. In the end, of course, we went with her suggestions. (How could you not?) Eventually, we ordered a flatbread Barossa. Pancetta, onion, apple, gorgonzola and rosemary. It was the perfect amount to nibble on while enjoying two glasses of wine. I was here on a Thursday night for four+ hours. Our server was in no rush to have us go. We didn't even order our first glass of wine for 30-40 minutes. Our waters were continually filled until we were ready. No rush, no overwhelming behavior by the restaurant. The service was impeccable.Again, just wonderful.
1	Service is always important and good food is always welcome, but the most important thing in a wine bar is always wine. The number of wines on offer, and the eclectic collection made me think that perhaps their buyer may know a thing or two about wine. We ordered two wines, a muscat from Tokaj and a Pinot Noir from Patagonia. The muscat was fine with a distinctive muscat nose and a balanced if thin palate (though I thought their clients should be warned that the sugar content was substantial), but the Pinot Noir left me fuming. It suffered in two ways: they clearly had hygiene issues at the winery and there was a skunky brett smell on the wine, and it seemed to have been so doctored a frankenwine that it really had no pinot noir characteristics whatsoever. It was a big, bold, out of balance, unnatural wine that was quite difficult to finish. While I understand mistakes like this exist in the world and there are always salesmen trying to dump them, they usually end up in bad wine stores selling for 4 dollars a bottle, not in fancy wine bars going for $10 a glass. I wasn't expecting a great Pinot Noir from Patagonia, though I have had a fine one from Bio-Bio across the border, but I don't appreciate franken-wines being dumped on me when I go out for the evening. Let the buyer beware in this wine bar.
4	This is definitly a bar that one should take a date.
5	What fun. Their house band with friends was great. Nice to find a area with a little flavor in Scottsdale.
4	The ambiance is dark, the wine selection is vast, the customers vary greatly. They have live music and a nice selection of food too. The entrance is in the rear so it takes a few mins. to find the place your first time. We got a little cheese tray; a really yummy cheddar with mustard. The tray came with 3 large cheese slices, about 6 slices of bread, some apples, dried apricots and walnuts - not bad for $6. Wines by the glass are not inexpensive, but I'd say fair. You'd have a better deal buying a bottle though.
5	This is the perfect place to conclude your evening in Scottsdale. After you have dinner at FnB (you did go to FnB didn't you?) you can just take a short walk to Kazimierz. FYI, the sign that says, "Like all good speakeasies, the entrance is hidden in the rear" isn't a joke - you enter at the rear of the building.It's a very relaxing environment. Comfortable seating (you can reserve a couch but I think there's a $ minimum) and there is live music every night.  They do serve food but the whole point of a wine bar is to drink some wine. I dare you to ask for a wine they don't have - their 75 page wine list has over 2,000 wines ranging in price from $10 to $10,000 (no, that wasn't a typo).  The wine list is actually sorted by price which is a nice touch. Unless you're planning on spending an hour or so looking over the wine list I suggest you look at it on their website before visiting.  Another option is to ask for the "Nifty Fifty" list - it has their most popular 50 wines.Go...sit back...relax...enjoy some good music and some wine.
3	Only giving 3 stars because service has been subpar.  The bartenders can be rude and wait staff impatient and unfriendly.  But love the spot otherwise.  This place is unique and has really good live entertainment.  Love dj mantis claw.  Lounge seating is great if you can secure a spot.  And the whole old world feel is amazing.  If service was good, 5 stars.
4	Love this wine bar! Great music and wine selection! Always a fun experience :)I started with a glass of prosecco and the hubs had an old world blend from Umbria called AntonelliWe had the cheese plate which was good, triple cream Brie and mustard grain cheddar. So delicious!We ended wanting an espresso martini which they didn't have but substituted a chocolate one.  Pretty tasty but not quite what I was looking for.
2	Went for an event... Mixology Malee.  I would not recommend it.  Yes, the bar was cute.  They do have a nice wine selection.  However, the staff is rude and unorganized.  The event included a 5 course meal which was not good.  You did not get to choose what you wanted to eat and the menu was not available for review prior to the event.  Courses included pig ears, beef cheeks, and a mushroom desert.  The mixologist did an alright job.
4	Great atmosphere with lives bands after 8pm.Huge wine list with great appetizers.I recommend the cheese plate and the potato,fig and Spanish bacon flat bread.
3	I have mixed emotions about this place - mostly because I can't figure out what it is. My friends and I found this place after eating at Citizen Public House on a Friday night. We're from out of town, so we relied on Yelp! to guide us to a fun spot to land. Before I get going on my honest review, I want to say that we definitely had a blast. I think it's because we were laughing at everything going on inside this place. It was comedy - whether it was intentional or not. Who is inside this place? Bachelorette parties, sorority reunions, ill-advised PDA hookups, octagenerian PDA hookups (we THINK they arrived together), some couples, larger groups of late-40-somethings that needed wardrobe consultations and/or a mirror (awesomely horrible "party clothes"), people trying to pick up strangers with fictitious lines, randoms flying solo, etc. It was like Chicago's Division Street had been picked up and lifted to a "wine bar" setting in Scottsdale. The ambience? Pretty dark and cave-like. Live music is fun - even though it's not usually my bag. The place sort of smelled like my old favorite college bars from 20 years ago, so I was a little shocked that a "wine" bar smelled like that. While it is a lively scene, they do a good job making sure it doesn't get too packed. The drinks? We just had vodka/sodas, which were not skimpy on the booze. Would've preferred a tall skinny glass vs. the short rocks glass, but that's a personal thing. I don't believe they threw a lime in there, which I thought was sort of a given (and, therefore, an oversight).Like I said, we had a blast. It was quite the experience.
2	punch bowl!!!  until 8;00 you may enjoy 10 times the booze for the price of one happy hour cocktail!  take advantage of these guys!   ask for the punchbowl.
1	For a place that prides themselves on unique wine, that doesn't make up for the horrible service and complete lack of attention from the bartenders. Very disappointing.
1	Great bands HORRIBLE service!!! Unfortunately it's lacks communication & attention. It's very simple to acknowledge people & let them know you'll be right with them.
5	Live music? This place packs a punch- of class!Friend's band played here fresh off SXSW. AND we experienced decision overload re: beer list, apps... Lighting, decor, crowd was exactly what we needed. Chill, speakeasy vibe with a flavorful menu.Can't go wrong with the hummus plate and pretzel bread... Best capers I've ever had and very filing, too. Or was it the grapefruit-infused heffe? Seriously the BEST music over house speakers I've experienced. Lounge-vibe electronica, Black Keys, 90's downtempo, everything seductive.Awesome selection; a must try!
5	Super.
5	Back door entrance. Prohibition feel. Interior as far as the walls, are obviously artificial. Overall still provides an enjoyable atmosphere.  The best part:  The live band gets an A+++++!  Current music with their own style.  Definitely had me singing along to songs I don't normally like. The menu has great options and is affordable. Had some wine by the glass served in a personal carafe.  The truffle Gouda tastes so good. It is served on a platter with bread, apples, dried apricot, and nuts. Difficult to converse with friends during the band performance. I prefer to sit back snack and absorb the music.
5	I loved this place! First off, there's a five dollar cover when they have a live band, which is most of the time. BUT if you don't have cash don't worry, the bouncer will take a card and start a tab.I went here with a couple of friends for a bite and some wine. We got a bottle for a reasonable price (around 20 bux) and some appetizers. The flatbread was great and the cheese fondue was, well I couldn't stop eating it!! The pizza we got was the first one on the list, I forget the name but I'll never forget that TASTE YUM!!The band was great, Jazz but not that smooth jazz radio stuff, like the cooler songs that you've heard but aren't super annoying. The singer had a great voice! The weird entrance is cool, but does make this place a little tricky to find. If you can't find it, ask a golfcart driver, they know everything!There are couches and tables and chairs but the stones on the walls and the newspaper looking stained glass, really makes you feel like you are in some elite club or something. The crowd is honestly a true mixed bag, old and young, dates and friends and singles. I will totally come here again and again!! Great way to start off or end a night.
2	Staff was horribly inattentive. Also, went on a night with a live band that had animal from the muppets playing the drums, so it was very loud. Only reason it gets 2 stars is for their extensive wine and liqour selection and the decor inside. Otherwise, go there if you want to be ignored and have no interest in what the people youre with have to say.
4	I originally came in because a few of my friends wanted to have a relaxed night just drinking a couple of bottles of wine. We read that live jazz music was played regularly, and I looked forward to hearing some Rat Pack music, or possibly Miles Davis, BB King, or something of the like.We stood outside for a few moments waiting for a few friends to join us. Inside we heard something a little louder and modern than we expected. It was low lit and still pretty loud when we stepped inside. We found a seat at a high table and waited for our server to come by.It took several minutes, but our waitress made her way over and brought us a menu. The menu included food, desserts, and wine by the glass. We asked for a bottle menu, and she then handed us a large three ring binder.The binder starts with white wines for the first few hundred pages, and then moves on to reds to finish out. The wine list is extensive and filled with a lot of interesting information. My only complaint with it is that all of the wine is separated by white/red, and then listed by price (Bottles listed from around $10-$300+ and even a $10,000 bottle of Bordeaux). There is absolutely no varietal menu.We then relocated to a different spot of the bar to get a little further from the music, and were able to hear each other a little bit better. Our waitress came and found us, and then helped us pick a couple of bottles. She poured us a few glasses and talked with us a bit. The service was a little slow at the start but transitioned to a much more attentive and hands on style.The wine was absolutely delicious, and the atmosphere (minus some of the music) was wonderful. The best thing they could do is to have some sort of varietal menu for the bottled wines.I will definitely be back again.
4	They have a great wine selection and if you have dinner at cowboy ciao you don't have to pay the cover! My to-go place for specialty martinis and a wonderful wine list. They also have live and music and it's nice and dark and comfortable inside. Only drawback is that sometimes it's crowded in such a little space.
5	LOVE this place!Modern stay speakeasy (entrance is in the rear) with awesome live acts nearly every nightVery comfy, home style feeling with couches and hi-tops line the wall.Full, wide range selection of wines from $10 - $10,000.Plenty of food options as well; Flatbread, Bruschetta, Small Plates as well as Duck, and other assortments, I'm sure one could find something to enjoy.Me personally, had the best damn grilled cheese I've ever had!Sourdough, with marscapone, pear butter, figs, and walnuts.Place is truly a gem! 5/5
3	I like that this place has live music all the time and stays open late, however they have really no vegetarian/vegan options.  I was starving and ended up with a plain flatbread:/... They also were doing Christmas in July which ruined their cool atmosphere, but my drinks were ok... I will definitely go back but eat first and hopefully not see Santa everywhere!
4	A very dark and quaint bar in Old Town.  We enjoyed the wine selection and fresh appetizers/small plates.   My wife said the Tamales were the best she has ever had.  The bar doesn't start jumping till 9pm when the live bands start.
4	Shhh, its a speakeasy lounge so whisper and remember the entrance is at the rear of the building!Not a huge selection of wine for a wine bar, but by all means very adequate.  You can get wine by glass, bottle, or flight.  Glass prices are $9+ and flights start at $15.  This place also offers a variety of small plates and unique cheeses, as well as, a good selection of vodka, tequila, and after dinner liqueurs.The service definitely left more to be desired so don't expect much in this area.In terms of the comfort, the place is a decent size (much bigger than speakeasy places you'll find in NYC) and has several couches and small tables.Overall, great place for a date or to chill out with friends, as long as you are patient.Check it out!
2	We had a few people and decided to stop into Kazimierz for a few drinks and some apps. I had a wine flight as my boyfriend had a mixed drink and other friend got a beer. We dedcided on the cheese fondu (as it is AMAZING) and our friend got the olives to munch on. I was very happy with our choices. On another visit I had the humus and the skewers. The hummus was ok but the skewers very VERY tough and wouldn't get them again. I was worn out after eating them to be quite honest. The one thing I wasn't to happy was the $5 cover (was suppose to pay for the band). I still don't like the idea that we are paying for a VERY LOUD band (could barely talk) when you know the bar is paying for them already and still making a profit off of the night sales. That left a very sour taste in my mouth. I had gone one other time as well and was hit with the $5 cover again. This will make me not go as much or for awhile at least. One thing that was another turn off was how loud the band was. You couldn't even talk at the table they were so loud. It's sad because I crave the fondu but I don't crave the cover charge. I could see if it was a larger band or well known band to charge but more of a local band...not really. I really use to love coming here but it's changed so much and not for the better.
2	I hate to rate this place so low because I've been coming here for years and the food and atmosphere are amazing.   They pull off the speakeasy vibe very well and the dimly lit wine bar feel is very hard to come by in old town Scottsdale.  On our last visit the food was of course spot on, the staff was great and the service was near perfect.The 2 stars comes form the insanely loud live jazz music.  There was a live band playing that night which not only cost us $5 at the door (no one charges a cover in Scottsdale anymore) but the volume was so loud I felt like we were in some weird dance club time warp.  Jazz being played at nightclub volumes was not only out of place but so annoying we decided to leave early.  "What???"....."WHAT???"  I still can't hear you, sorry.I don't mind live music and even loud as hell music but when paired with a wine bar it just doesn't make sense.
4	Love this place, does not feel like you are in AZ.  A different atmosphere, love the decor.  My favorite thing is to reserve one of the couches and go with a group of friends.  Its intimate and they have a band sometimes that fun.  Its a little isolated so it never feels too busy but it gets packed!
3	A very different place than the usual club for Scottsdale. Speakeasy atmosphere was nice. Band was really good. That blonde haired girl could sing. Service was below average. Bartenders could not keep up. Waited 30 minutes for first drink. Then every drink after that involves trying to get wait staff to see you. Restrooms were dirty. Wouldn't take much to make this a really nice place. Manager s just need to hire a few more staff and keep the bathrooms cleaner.
4	Thus far I like the environment. It would be a good place to come hang out and chill after having dinner. There is a cover of $5 bucks which makes sense since there is live music. A good thing about this place is that they will give u a table.
4	Fun place to go. It was a nice date night. Definitely a lounge more than anything. A few lower seating and couches. Everything else is a hightop or at the bar. I saw people come in wearing t-shirt and shorts and others wearing button up shirt with jeans. I think the later is more appropriate for this place. Food is good, its more about the ambiance of this place. Live music late at night!
4	I would give this place 5 stars except we were treated somewhat rudely at the beginning by Chris(Manager Chris, not the tall bartender Chris who was excellent), because we were standing too close to the well while waiting for a glass of wine.  We were only there because we knew that a couple next to us at the bar would be leaving shortly and told us that the seats they occupied at the bar would become available.  There isn't exactly much room to stand anywhere else so it was either stand there or take our eventual $200 Bar/Dinner tab down the street to Olive and Ivy.  Outside of that, this was a fantastic experience and the bartender/server staffing were very helpful, engaging and fun to be around.  This was our first time here and we happened upon it by accident since it isn't easy to find.  The food was also excellent.  We would 100% return.
3	Kazimierz has been on my radar for a while and I finally made it here the other night. I was looking forward to some good wine in a really classy, chill atmosphere. These guys knocked it out of the park on both fronts. The place is dark and intimate with plush sofas, dark wood and candlelight. They have a really awesome and unique wine list and their selection of vodka is truly impressive. They have some delicious looking bites on the menu to accompany your wine. On the night I went, they had a great band playing some awesome tunes. Unfortunately, despite all that this place has going for it, I did not enjoy my experience here. When I walked in, I felt like I had found something amazing: the vibe, the feeling, everything about it just welcomed me. That momentary happy feeling evaporated when one of the servers kindly greeted me and collected a $5 cover charge. I then had a seat at the bar, confident that a glass of wine would wash away my chagrin. Sadly, this was not the case. The bartender while pleasant enough, promptly asked me for a credit card after taking my drink order and asking if I wanted to open a tab.Let me be clear: I understand why an establishment would charge a cover and why a patron would need to put down a credit card to start a tab, and I don't think that $5 is a high cover charge by any means. But this is not Whiskey River or Zipps, and I found it more than a little off-putting that a place that exudes such class would engage in practices common in less classy places. I didn't use the restroom but I have to wonder if there was an attendant in there hand out towels for tips. I really wanted to leave after my first drink but I had a second drink as a courtesy to the bartender after opening a tab. This is still a great place and truth be told, I'm sure I'll come back again. Now that I know what to expect I'm sure I'll enjoy myself next time.
4	This place is the best date spot to go to. It's classy and chill for an old town spot. The only thing that bothered me was the cover you pay for during the weekend but it's not to bad, it was like $5 a person. If you like chill wine bar in old town without the typical crazy atmosphere them go here you and your date will like it.
5	Great atmosphere, hidden treasure. If you can find the unmarked food in an alley, you won't be disappointed. It has a cave-like atmosphere with tables, bar and couches. They have great live music and a great wine list.
5	This place is awesome!!! It was our first time here and we stumbled upon it. We didn't know it was a speakeasy until we got there and were so confused of where the front door was! The wine selection, the food and the live music made this place 5 stars in my book! We will be back!!
4	I really liked this place.  The atmosphere was really elegant and intimate - great for a date night.  We got there fairly early on a Friday night - before 8 PM.  The crowd definitely started making it's way in after 8 PM when the live music started.  The place was a little difficult, but we eventually found that you enter from the back since there isn't a store front.  I will definitely be back.
1	Terrible service and extremely inattentive waitress that I had to curse out. I left without ordering anything. Manager could also care less. They were both blondes so go figure. I went across the street to Kelly 's where the food, service, and atmosphere was amazing and welcome. The bartender got a $30 tip.
4	This should be one of your favorite little secrets that you only share with your soul-mates. Or your R&B buddies, or a couple of other folkers. Jazz keep it to yourself. Lol
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! I finally convinced my husband to go to this wine bar and he wants to come back yay! He appreciated it as much as I do. The atmosphere is awesome. The wine list is extensive and the food looked good! We will definitely be back.
4	When people say there is nothing to do in Phoenix or that Scottsdale is comprised only of club-thumping Barbie's and Ken's, I like to take them here. See? This is where the "rest of us" go. You have to know where to go to even find the door, and once you're inside the dimly lit speakeasy, you've found the perfect escape from mainstream nightlife. Lovely for a date with your honey or with your BFF to catch up. Gazillions of choices for wine from places you've likely never heard of and some nosh to tide you over. Perfection!Wines are obviously the show case here and are pretty well priced even by the glass.  I've had many hits and some misses, but that is to be expected when the wine list is the size of a bible (I actually trust the wine bible more for spiritual guidance). I love the inclusion of varietals outside your typical european/american selection, and they really have something for everyone. Even non-wine fans - although I trust them - can find a good cocktail from one of the talented bartenders. The food isn't really the main attraction, though we typically end up with a nosh. The hummus is quite bland, and the flatbreads are alright. But you CAN order a very special salad from Cowboy Ciao that I happened to be obsessed with, so I'm good!I dig the live music most of the time, but be ready to pay a cover even if you're not there for the music. The venue is small, so the acoustics make for impossible conversation while the band is playing. There are some tables slightly further away where conversation is still plausible, though they are often reserved by larger parties. As such, seating can be really tight especially on weekend evenings, so drop in early if you want to sit in a chair! Weekdays are fun with a more intimate crowd. And let's face it, when it comes to drinking wine - I hardly discriminate between Tuesday and Friday.
5	This place has been a staple in my life for a while! I frequent here when I'm looking for a chill relaxing night or for a date night:) It's a bit  challenging to find, but worth it once you do! I love the live music! The wine list is HUGE and the staff is very knowledgeable, attentive, and friendly. The food is great and has a little bit of everything. There is a variety of seating at the bar, high top tables/regular tables, and couches to lounge on. Overall, it's an amazing experience every time I visit!
5	Amazing evening with friends . They should open a place like this in Vegas.Good ambience . We had fun.
4	Went after a dinner it's cool vibe wine bar with a dj. Dark , sexy and hip. It was industry night with local guest bartenders, I could care less as I don't drink . Krissy ordered a sparkling wine & ordered a white from Spain ( I let her drink most of it ) the drinks are not overpriced, the music good. All in all cool place and would go again
2	No longer impressed with this place. The wait staff knows nothing about wine. We asked if they served different wines in different glasses and were told that only older wines are served in larger glasses so that they can air out. Really????  Also, they no longer serve flights. Lame. The wine is very tasty but it's always nice to have knowledgeable staff.
5	Lovely ambience, delicious wines & well rounded cocktails. The first cocktail had layers of flavor- incredibly delicious. The band was wonderful, as well. Definitely a place that I will continue to visit while I live in the area.
5	A very close friend of mine came to visit so I decided to finally try Kazimierz with her. I had heard great things about the bar and thought it'd be a great place to catch up with my girl friend. We ordered the wine flights ($17), Jungle & Devilish. We ordered the deviled eggs, sopressata, and manchego cheese platter to go with our wine. Most of the wine in our flights were good and the food was pretty decent. It lived up to its hype. It has a great atmosphere with live music and is a great place for a date or to catch up with a friend.
3	I love everything about this place except for the doormat at front. The boy is very rude and always ready to pick up a fight.
