4	Finally I know what the hype is all about! This highly anticipated restaurant opened yesterday and believe me it was worth the wait!The restaurant is located on the corner of Decatur and Flamingo and it's enormous! It was empty when we went because I'm not sure a lot of people know about the opening yet. There are lots of booths and tables. The cool part is that you can vandalize the restaurant! They give you Sharpies and you can write and draw on the walls. They just ask that you keep it PG.Our waitress was great about explaining the menu to us since we were first timers. I ordered a pound of snow crab legs in the whole she-bang sauce in mild. My husband ordered the same but in medium. The market price today was $14.99. I also got some steamed rice and corn on the cob.With our sexy bibs on, we opened up our plastic bag and got down and dirty. The crab was succulent and finger-licking good! The corn on the cob was the perfect compliment. I probably would've needed another pound of crab if I didn't have my rice on the side.Service was top notch. We were checked on regularly. They have good soap and a heavy duty hand dryer which is a must when you eat here.There's no way to avoid comparing Hot N' Juicy Crawfish to The Boiling Crab. There's something about the sauce at BC that's so good!  Don't get me wrong... Hot N' Juicy is delicious but The Boiling Crab is all that and a bag of well... Crab!
5	As a Los Angeles transplant living in Las Vegas, I can honestly say that if there's anything I miss most about home, it's Boiling Crab.  Granted, home is only a three+ hour drive away, but when the shabang cravings kick in, life is unbearable.Ever since they put on their website that a Vegas location was opening soon, I kept counting down the days 'til I'd be reunited with all the goodness that is BC.  My friends (also California natives) and I screamed with joy as we saw that familiar red neon sign that read, "Lousiana Crawfish".  I could not stop giggling.And sure enough, from the moment we walked in, it was like we were home again.  This particular location reminds me a bit of the Rowland location with booths and open areas; but Vegas' open dining area is REALLY big.  It almost felt like a cafeteria.  Lucky for us, we were seated at a booth so we could catch the Eagles/Bears game.  I was tripping out.  I could not believe that I was going to have Boiling Crab in Vegas.The girls and I knew what we wanted to order ahead of time, and we wasted no time so as to get our food faster:- 1lb. shrimp shabang non-spicy- 2lbs. shrimp shabang medium- 1lb. clams shabang medium- gumbo w/ rice- catfish w/ mild cajun friesWe figured that if we tried a little bit of everything, we'd be able to make a fair assessment and compare it to the BC's back home.VEGAS DOES NOT DISAPPOINT.  All the garlicky goodness of that red shabang sauce was just how I remembered it.  Note: The shabang was really limey in flavor, but I actually enjoyed that better because I didn't have to waste my time squeezing all those tiny limes onto my shrimp.  so nice that the lime essence was magically incorporated in already.  The consistency of the shabang sauce was not as grainy and pasty as I'm used to, but all the right flavors were still there.Shrimp -- One of my friend's bag was overcooked, but the other friend and I had no complaints about our's.  The medium could have been a bit spicier (since I remember medium being really really spicy), but it was still yummy as ever.Clams -- Sooo good.  Most of the clam meat fell out of the shells, but that made it taste even better since direct contact with shabang is always best.Fries -- perfectly cooked; not too spicy.  And not oily at all.Catfish -- HOLY MOLY.  Flaky and fresh.  It tastes best when you dip it in both ketchup and the tartar sauce.Gumbo -- Perfectly seasoned AND they had more okra than the Alhambra locations.  My only issue with the gumbo was that there wasn't enough rice or shredded crab bits, but it still rocked my socks.I tried really hard not to cry, but when food is this good, how can you not tear up a little?  Especially when it's something that reminds me of home -- football games on Sundays, drinking Coronas while you wait for food, good company, friendly service.  Restaurant perfection at its finest.And I have to address the wait staff.  Although it looked like the place was over-staffed (perhaps preparing for the influx of crazy California transplants like me), the service was awesome as usual.  Everyone was really attentive, super nice, and kept refilling our drinks without our asking even once.The best part is that when I got home, even though I knew I would reek of shabang goodness, my clothes didn't smell that bad.  Maybe it's because this location is larger and the air circulates better, but that was a change from the places back home haha.  Although as word spreads and it gets more business, I would still recommend wearing casual clothes you don't mind messing up.  Sometime that one shrimp shell misses your bib by a smidgen and you'll wish you hadn't worn your club clothes or taken a first date here.My only regret is that I didn't bring a Sharpie to commemorate one of the happiest days of my life ... but I'll definitely be back again and again :)--- one more thing.  I have nothing against Hot 'n' Juicy; but, for all you Vegas natives who have never had Boiling Crab ... I guarantee you'll never see Hot 'n' Juicy the same way again.  BC will always be the one to beat.  (at least in terms of cajun seafood restaurants in areas with a high concentration of Asians)
4	Dined in at The Boiling Crab two days after their grand opening. They had a section for take out and a section for people to sit down and wait . All the workers were very nice and friendly . They sat us down right away and gave us bibs and menus . I did happen to notice that they were over staffed so they were standing around and looked a little bored. I went their w/my sister and daughter , my daughter is 2 and sometimes she eats the shrimp and sometimes she doesn't . So I liked how they have chicken fingers because then my daughter was able to eat the chicken and the non spicy fries. Their chicken tenders are very crispy and meaty, not to much batter. very good for kids.All the food came out fast , we didn't have to wait long. I like how I can have my butter garlic craw fish and shrimp non spicy ,because I then I can share everything I have with my daughter. The seasoning is very tasty and the sauce has a thick consistency which I enjoy for extra dipping. not to pain nor too salty. My sister and I enjoy their dozen oysters. small but taste fresh.
4	In soCal, my friends raved about this place. BUT it was always packed and we've had 1 hour waits.I was surpirsed we passed by boiling crab and decided to show my family this SoCal seafood staple.The place was HUGE and there was zero wait. We ordered the king crab/shrimp/corn on the cob in the whole she-bang (med spicy). I wasn't surprised to hear that boiling crab gave them the best tasting king crab and shrimp they've ever had.Service was great. Corn on the cob was AWESOME!!!P.s be sure to bring a hot date here.
5	I adored this restaurant when my friend first took us here in SoCal. I loved it so much that when I went back to Vegas, I tried to look for something similar -- and voila, Hot N Juicy Crawfish! NOW THEY'RE HERE IN VEGAS! Yeah, I was definitely stoked.My server was extremely nice and friendly and if we needed something, all we had to do was flag him down. His name was Eric. I guess I'm pretty used to waving servers down now instead of waiting for them to come to you -- maybe it's an Asian-restaurant thing for me now... I was very judgmental of service, being a hotel major, but now I'm a little more lenient because of all these Asian restaurants I go to that I don't expect that much in service anymore. I'll call them if I need something.Either way, this place was pretty empty (mind you, the place is like 3x the size of the socal ones I went to) so there was NO wait. I can't imagine there being a wait for awhile, though. The place was pretty staffed so I saw a few just standing there and looking bored. Based on the other reviews, I'm not sure how much training they've got.My friend and I went this past Wednesday night and it was pretty excellent for us. No complaints at all and the food was good :). He liked it better than HNJ and I can't wait to try the Cajun flavor with the sweet potato fries on my next visit! :0D
4	First time at a "Boiling Crab" establishment. Came here with some family to break bread. Well lit and spacious. Young crew working the joint. Very friendly staff (the waiter asked if I wanted him to bib me. I got it homie). But I didn't come here to rate the employees. I tried to talk about the "other place" to our waiter. He says,"he's NEVER BEEN". Interesting... :PWe get four half snow crabs and an elbow of shrimp. Da whole shabang on both with their medium spice. Flavorful, but it could have used a little more spice. I'll have to ask for that next time. HNJ got them on their medium spice. We also ordered some gumbo and WHITE RICE. I was so glad that this establishment serves this very simple side. Mix in some of their whole shabang sauce into the rice then rub it all over your BODY YO!!! It compliments the seafood that you're stuffing into your face you FAT SLOB! It's okay though, because you know you're going to run a mile later for pigging out. SIKE!!!I thought this place was great. I thought the "other spot" has a tad bit more "in your face" flavor, but I still left here a happy camper. I'm sure I'll jump back and forth from here and the other spot. I'm such a seafood slut. GUILTY!!!
5	The service is incredibly attentive.  Never let our drinks run empty, gave us extra rice for the gumbo, an were so friendly!
1	Coming from LA, I am familiar with the Boiling Crab chain. When I walked into this establishment I was expecting the same quality of service and food as the ones in SoCal. We asked our server the market price of a few items and she did not know them and had to run to the back and ask. She also forgot to give us our bibs after we ordered. So we are off to a rocky start but I dismiss it. Then my food arrived under seasoned and cold. I had to send it back to get it fixed and the manager took care of it. Other than that, the food tasted fine after it was fixed. Throughout the course of my meal I was constantly being interrupted by different servers asking how my meal was and if I needed something to drink. Checking up on a table a few times is reasonable, but 15 times was a little overkill. So unfortunately I was unable to enjoy my meal to its full extent. Ironically, by the end of our meal there was no one around for us to ask for the check and we had to wait a while. Among all the Boiling Crab restaurants I have dined in I'll have to say this particular one did not impress me. The bottom line is the food was okay and service was sub-par.
4	Boiling Crab is california Version of Hot & Juicy both are comparable in Cuisine, the price though for Boiling Crab is cheaper than Hot & juicy. Now Hot & Juicy definitely has a competitor in the cuisine that they serve. Food is good, but then which food isnt good especially when its packed with Cholesterol :). The service is good and the place is huge. The restaurant can handle huge amount of Diners. So far on some of the comments that the service might be subpar, when me and my wife dined there the service was pretty good.
5	I was sooooo happy to hear BC was opening in Vegas! Tried the LA/SF ones and it's beyond anything Vegas has -- Goodbye Hot & Juicy!When I heard BC officially opened, I was so desperate to eat there that I rushed over after work at 9:30 (because they close at 10pm) to order to go. I always get the shabang sawwwce, mild, 1-lbs shrimp, and 2 corn on the cobs.*sigh* it was as good as I remember!Ever since it's opened a week ago, I find anyone and any excuse to go there! So far, I've been there 4x in a week! LOVE =)I've even got my sister-in-law addicted to that stuff. Yessss, now I have a partner in BC!Their location is much much bigger than any location I've been to which is good for, I'm sure, big parties.Sucky thing about BC is their times. 3-10pm on weekdays and 12-10pm on weekends. This is Vegas...it should be 24 hours. (Where's the suggestion box?!)Btw, I think they use jasmine rice for their rice. SO GOOD! Makes the shrimp and sawwwwse taste sweeter =)I don't recall if other BC's have jasmine rice or not...
4	**Summary**     - Seasoning - The options are Rajun Cajun, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Spread, and The Whole Sha-Bang (all of them). The whole sha-bang would definitely be my suggestion.     - Spice Level - The options are Non Spicy, Mild, Medium, and XXX. If it's your first time and you don't like spicy, I'd go mild or at most medium.     - Flavor - Your seafood, spices, and extras are cooked in one bag to lock in all that flavor. I personally like to peel my shrimp and then dip it back into the sauce.     - Ordering - You order your seafood and what seasoning/spice level you want. I'd recommend the shrimp  with "The Whole Sha-Bang" Mild or Medium. Also, you can add sausage and corn to it too. The corn soaks up a lot of the sauce, making it extra flavorful and spicy.     - Warning - If you order shrimp, crawfish, or crabs, you're eating with your hands so that gets kinda messy, but they give you bibs. Also, because of the intense flavor of the sauce, you'll probably be sweating garlic for a while.     - Red Herrings - Water is 25 cents (They say it's filtered), there's no hand towels in the bathroom (only blow dryers. I guess to save money?), and extra condiments including ranch are 50 cents each for a half filled condiment cup. It doesn't seem to be a problem yet, but these actions seem to give the impression the restaurant is pretty stingy.**Ordered**     - $5.99 per lb. Crawfish (Frozen) - It was $9.99 for the fresh crawfish, but since it wasn't in season, the waiter said they'd be smaller. The frozen are a great deal, but you can taste the difference.     - $8.99 per lb. Shrimp     - $9.99 per lb. Clams - If you like clams, clams with The Whole Sha-Bang adds a delicious twist to them.**Comparison with Hot & Juicy**     - Prices on Extras - Corn is the same. Half a pound of sausage from BC is about a dozen and a half sausage from Hot & Juicy, so you're getting a little more at BC. Potato is 10 cents cheaper.     - Flavor on Extras - The corn is the same anywhere but the sausage from Hot n Juicy's seems tastier.     - Prices on Shrimp/Crawfish - Shrimp is $2 cheaper. Fresh crawfish is the same, however, they also have the choice for a cheaper frozen crawfish.     - Seasoning - Comparing the "works" seasoning at both, BC's seasoning seems a little oilier and Hot n Juicy's has more garlic/spices. Personally, I prefer Hot n Juicy's but only by a little.     - Conclusion - My two favorite items are shrimp and corn. The shrimp is cheaper. However, I like the seasoning at Hot n Juicy's. But then again, the last time I went to Hot n Juicy the seasoning seemed watered down. I'd give it to BC until they raise their shrimp prices or start skimping on their quality.**Recommendations**     - I'd recommend this place for a good experience and a delicious meal. However, just as a warning, it can get a little messy, and you'll smell like the seasoning for a day.
2	I am a huge fan of boiling crab, I've been to different boiling crabs in norcal and socal; honestly, this is the worst that I've ever had. I always think boiling crab is better than hot n juicy, no matter the seasoning, freshness of it's seafood. My gf and I ordered 1lb of frozen crawfish, 2lb of shrimp is different sauce; I knew the frozen crawfish taste bad, I haven't eaten the frozen one before, so I wanted to give it a shot, but I was totally regretted. DO NOT TRY THE FROZEN CRAWFISH!!!on the other hand, our shrimp order is a bit weird. I could tell the freshness is different in each bag. I had no idea but the other bag is fishy and spoiled (very much!).I knew restaurants could not give their best to every customers. I am not the kind of spreading "DO NOT GO HERE" after having bad experience. I always like boiling crab, so I would give another shot.
4	I'm so, so happy!!!  It's about time they came to Vegas cause the two-three hour wait back home was such a dragggg.This place is huge, huge, huge!!  Extremely spacious and decorated like the others.  It kind of has a cafeteria feel to it with all the tables settled in the middle and the huge counter to the side.  This location also has its own door/area for to-go.  Nice touch!I've already written a full review on my take of boiling crab.  Take a quick look at it if you'd like.  Everything's just as good as the Cali locations.Reason why I'm not giving the place five stars is cause service is still sketch.  This place just opened up a couple weeks ago so I'd imagine it will improve over time but in the mean time they need to step it up.Although really friendly and inviting, it seems like there are too many people in there just standing around.  The servers I've had were nice enough but I had to keep asking for shit that should be dropped even before my food comes.  ie. salt and pepper, limes, spoons for my rice, bib.  When in Cali, they take your order and come back right away dropping all the stuff needed for BC consumption... No questions asked..25 cents for filtered water (whatever), .50 cents for condiments (ranch, tarter sauce, etc.). No liquor license yet, but that's expected cause it takes a while to obtain.  Overall still a great place and I'm happy that they opened one up.  I get my cravings and it's nice that I can finally fulfill.  Cheeeeers!
5	went to hot and juicy expecting to eat crawfish but they ran out! the server could have told us 15 minutes before she sat us down and got us six waters..BC was down the street so we were pretty excited to try it out. heard a bazillion great reviews about it coming from LA n all. we ordered 4lbs of XXX whole she bang and 1lb of med garlic spread crawfish along with chicken fingers basket and swt potato fries. the fries could've been crunchier. but...I thought the crawfish was super yummyful!!! first of all, our server told us it was frozen and the food they didn't have. thats a plus. we know a lot about frozen crawfish cause we cook it at home for every little occasion.love BC n will be coming back to try the shrimps, oysters, n crabs. mmmm I can't wait.um you can't beat $5.99 lb crawfish!!! that's half the price of H&J! i just hope its consistent and the price doesnt go up, but it probably will when crawfish is in season.BON APPETIT!
4	I am Californian and move to vegas for about 1 year. when I first time in LV, I've been craving LA food, none in vegas are like them, then i heard BC r open. YAYY... I am so happy. I went there last week with my hubby. The food over all is awesome, pretty much same taste like LA the only diffrent is the sauce, LA put a little bit more on it. This place is hugee.... which is better cos back in LA, i always hav to wait inline for 30-60 minutes cos they place way to small.Talk about the service, first of all, they have too many server and they do nothing.second, they r ANOYING!! why? lemme tell the story. we still ate at that time n our server give us a check. its ok, we dont mind. I am a slower eater, so my hubby finish first and he waited for me. meanwhile, he looked aroud then he told me that the server keep watching us, we asume that they want us to pay the bill first, but pleaseee.... it was just 9 PM, n they closed at 10 and i am still eating. we ignore it. but then they keep coming to our table and asked is everything ok. more than 2 server came and asked like that, and in like maybe 30  minutes, there was more than 3 times they came. and I was still eating. OMG!!!!finally we pay first and i still continue my dinner. after we pay, they never come back, but actually we need another pen to sign cos the pen thet they gave wasnt working. They just talk eachoter, start ignoring us cos we pay already.Vegas server suck. LA much much better.so, my 4 star is for the food taste n quality, but for the service, only 1.water for 25 cent? oh pleaseee.... thats ridiculous. so, if i get choke i have to pay 25 cent to get a water??!!!!
5	Been here 5 times in 2 weeks. Sadly, anytime I'm off or there's an occasion with friends, BC is the place I always recommend to eat at. Especially since it's just opened and quite a few of my friends haven't tried it yet.Ate her for a friends birthday and there was more than enough room and, shockingly, no wait for 13 people.Unfortunately, like all "local Filipinos" everyone was late. Our 7:30 arrival time turned into 8:30. Those of us that were early wanted to sit but, had to wait for half of our party to be seated. Needless to say, I was starving when we were seated.In the mean time, the three of us that were there were marking up the wooden seats and walls with a pen; as BC welcomes the graffitti.When we were seated, we quickly got our drinks and orders in. Fast and friendly service. The waitress was patient in all my friends questions, as it was their first time. She was also able to separate checks which is always good in large parties.Great thing about large parties is I got to try dishes I've never tried before. Got to samps the cajun fries and catfish. Woooot, that was some guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuud filet of catfish!
4	This boils down to a pretty simple review. If you're a fan of Hot n Juicy Crawfish, you'll be a fan of Boiling Crab. The premise is exactly the same--you order seafood in 1-pound increments, you choose a sauce type and spice level, it comes out in a plastic bag, and you go to town. The sauces are named differently, but just like HnJ, I go for the one that mixes everything together i.e. "The Whole Sha-Bang."If there's one thing BC has over HnJ, it's that the space is much more, well, spacious. You could probably fit more people in BC than both Vegas HnJ locations combined. Also, it's a minor thing, but I like the napkin dispensers at BC better than HnJ--when your digits are covered in sauce, it's much easier to grab a napkin at BC.One weird thing about BC? They charge 25c for a cup of water.
3	Ordered gumbo, 0.5lb of shrimp and 2lb of snow crab legs. The gumbo was spicy but very good. We ordered the shrimp with shebang sauce and it was very tasty but there were a couple of puny pieces of shrimp in our bag. The snow crab legs were awesome and had big pieces of legs with plenty of meat.Service was eh. We sat down and probably waited 10 min for a server to take our order. Then we probably waited another 30 min just getting our order even though those that sat down after us received their food earlier. I ordered a side of butter which took another 6 or 7 minutes.I can understand that since they just opened up, they may need to get their processes in place. I will definitely come back and hopefully offer a more fair review.
4	Yummerz!!! Boiling Crab has been a favorite stop during our trips to L.A., but hated the 2-3 hour waiting time. I'm so glad that BC has finally opened in Vegas!!! Always love the 1lb. shrimps in garlic spread or the whole Sha-bang! (mixture of everything) You can order it with different spice levels, I like mines mild. Sweet potato fries was sooooo good and the garlicky/butter corn on the cob was awesome (if you love garlic like me). We try to stay away from the crawfish and crab stuff since these items are priced by the pound, the shrimp gives more "meat" for your money rather than "shell weight".  Not too keen on the kids menu, chicken fingers were "long chicken nuggets" the kind you can get in the frozen section at the grocery store. As long as kids are happy, I'm happy!The wait was excellent at around 6:00pm, and the service was great! Food came out quick, servers were on top of refills, and always asked if we were doing okay. It's cheaper than HnJ and Cravin Cajun per pound for the shrimp (8.99 vs. 10.99), so that's a plus, although the shrimps are bigger at Cravin Cajun. The atmosphere is much more pleasant and spacious, parking is no probz as compared to the parking hell at HnJ!...TV's everywhere is appreciated by us sports fanatics this time of the year!!! Overall, great seafood joint, gotta check it out! Happy shelling!!!!
3	I've never tried it before but I would still prefer hot n juicy's seasoning over theirs...we went on a tuesday night and it wasn't even busy. Still waited maybe 10 minutes to be seated but the drinks came right away. I just thought the service could've been better because it was a bunch of different people coming to our table to help us and we didn't know who to ask for more stuff.I actually liked the clams in the whole sha-bang sauce...other than that, my crawfish was obviously frozen because of the season or whatever...i still ate it but the flavor was really weird. We also got snow crab legs, blue crab and 4 lbs of shrimp. the shrimp was good to everyone at our table that tried it...Over all, i think the sauce and seasonings could've been better. Thats the only disappointment I have to say about it...
3	Boiling Crab has some good shrimp and decent oysters.  Oysters were on the smallish side, but the shrimp were nice and plump!  One of the newer seafood spots in town, Boiling Crab lets you order seafood by the pound with your choice of sauce.  I went for the Whole Sha Bang sauce, which is a mix of each individual sauce (garlic, cajun, etc.).  The sauce was certainly garlicky, but it lacked that delicious punch that makes you crave more heat.  When it comes to restaurants like this, it's all about the sauce, and sauce was just alright for me.As for the restaurant itself, it is spacious and littered with (small) TV's.  Lots of seating available, both tables and booths.  Walking in, it was nice to not be overwhelmed by the smell of their special sauces, probably due to the large space.  During my visit there were several large groups that came by, and there was no issue with seating 20 or so people together.  One interesting thing that we noticed was the amount of wait staff working.  We got there around 4:00pm, and there were about 25 people working.  Based on the amount of customers at that time, everybody could have had their own individual server!Overall Boiling Crab is a decent spot, but their sauce did not win my heart.
4	Always friendly staffs and fast service!  One day, We went there for my sister's birthday. I always get the Shrimps with the *Whole Sha-Bang sauce in medium hot. To me the spiciness is just right, it's not too mild or too hot. Their sausages are pretty good.  The regular fries(not the cajun fries) are also outstanding!  We always bring the left overs to our house and eat with rice the very next day.., was as good as the day before...My only complaint will be on my second visit, there were not much sauce in my bag comparing to the one that I had previously.  I think I enjoy having my 1pound of shrimps at Boiling Crab even though I will be smell like garlic all day, LOLMy sister wants to take it to go, freeze it , and bring it to Korea for her husband... I asked her, " Is that so good?"  and she replied, "I'm so sure that I 'll be craving for the shrimps more than missing you!!!"
4	Ok, ok, so I didn't think this place would live up to all hype and I did not think that they could back up everything that all the people were saying. But I am gracious in defeat (especially when it comes to food). I still haven't been to Hot n Juicy (I know, right, what kind if Yelper am I?) so I don't have anything to compare it to that i have been to recently, but I love seafood and I am from the South so any place boasting Southern cuisine I already have to give the benefit of the doubt.  We walked into the restaurant and were immediately greeted by the hostess (very hospitable, very southern, haha), and the rest of the staff was warm and friendly as well, made me feel like I was in a restaurant at home.  The space was very large, almost warehouse feeling, we had a seat in the middle of the place since we had a large party.  Jennifer was our server and she was a gem!  She talked us through the menu and gave us our options, I ended up going with a pound of shrimp with the whole shabang and some fried catfish. The shrimp came out fast and piping hot!  The catfish was cooked very well, tender and flakey, not overcooked and very succulent.  Like I said in the beginning I had to eat my words and I'll gladly do it again! I do have to warn you though, if you do the shrimp with the garlic and all the seasoning, you will smell like GARLIC for a day or so, no matter how much you shower, haha, so make sure you and yours are eating the same thing, then she can't complain if you both smell the same, haha
5	I've been a fan of this place in Southern California and hearing the news that it was here in Las Vegas, the first thing that popped in my mind was good bye Hot n Juicy with your long ass line, bad service and can't even tie a bib around my neck for me!Surprisingly the wait here is not that long compared to the ones in SoCal and I'm assuming its due to the fact it really hasn't caught on yet in LV since it has just opened.  Plenty of seating, flatscreen tvs for my LAKERS and 49ers games, walls that you can tag on, and good service.I come here to order my usual whole shaBang (all the flavors in one) in medium spice level, smothered on my shrimp and crawfish, cajun fries, oysters, and I can't forget my rice which I top off with the shaBang sauce as well.  Make sure you ask for lime, salt and pepper to add a kick to the flavor.When you come here, don't get all fancied up 'cause you're bound to get smelly and messy anyway.  Oh they charge 25 cents for water!? That sh*t better be water coming  down fresh from the Rocky Mountains.
4	Finally had the chance to try The Boiling Crab.  The restaurant is visible on the west side of Decatur Blvd between Twain Ave and Flamingo Road.  Nice, big, bright restaurant space.  We ordered 1 lb of shrimp in non-spicy garlic spread, 2 lbs of shrimp in medium whole shabang sauce, 1 lb of clams in medium sha-bang sauce and 1 fried catfish dinner.Well, we devoured the shrimps and clams - the sha-bang sauce was absolutely delicious especially the clams in that sauce.  For some reason, I found that the clams had more chopped up garlic.  I'm thinking it's because you can scoop up the wonderful garlic bits with your clam shell and then slurp it all up in one go!  I was impressed with the size of the shrimp and freshness of the shrimp.The catfish dinner was really, really good. Not at all fishy.  Came with a full basket of fries - you can choose the spice level of your fries.Why only 4 stars out of 5 stars - The Drinks - soda is $2 but believe it or not, they charge for H20!  25cents for Water - what a ripoff!  Not only that, they don't have hot water.  How hard is it to get a kettle for a restaurant?!?  But I must say, my waiter was really nice in that he offered to heat up the cold water in the microwave.  Not too bad - will come back.  Hopefully, they will re-think charging for water.  Oh yes - you can leave your mark in the restaurant.  Bring a fat marker and leave a comment on their walls.
3	It didn't live up to the hype for me. My brother and I shared a lb. of medium spicy shrimp with the whole shabang sauce, a pound of medium spicy clams with the rajun cajun sauce, cajun fries, and a side of rice. We ended up spending $30, and we left the restaurant hungry. We probably had around 20 clam shells in our bag but only about 8 had meat inside. It was quite disappointing. However, I enjoyed the bold and spicy flavor of the rajun cajun seasoning, so I poured it all over my rice. The portion of the shrimp was a bit more generous (we got about 15 pieces? for the pound), but I didn't enjoy the whole shabang seasoning (tasted like ketchup to me). And the cajun fries were way too salty. All in all, it was just ok. I had skyrocket expectations for this place, because my friends hyped it up so much. Unfortunately, those expectations fell immensely short. But I'm sure that I will give it another try sooner or later. In the meantime, I'd rather spend a couple more bucks and pig out right across at Makino. Or feast at the Orleans buffet (they have plenty of louisiana/southern and cajun inspired food) *Btw, did anybody count how many TVs this restaurant has?
4	I can't believe we traveled from Pasadena, CA to eat where we eat by home. It so nice that they are here and doing it like they do back home. As always I would recommend shrimp and snow crab whole shbang medium if you can take some spice, mild if you can't. The sauce tastes delicious when you spoon it over rice. Don't come here looking for a dietary meal. You can taste the sodium and the butter so it ain't good for you but it's great for you. Hope you understand that. Plus this place is two to three times the size of all their other locations. It's still a secret cause they have only been open a month so get there and get now before the lines start.
4	So everyone said its not the same as Cali but who the heck cares. It's still good and finally we have something else besides Hot 'n' Juicy (no offense guys). I'm stuffed. Cajun Fries, oysters, king crab, calamari & chicken wings... So Ono!!Venue is huge  Service was great. Waiters are young, hip and very attentive. Good selection of music playing while u eat plus walls plastered with flat screens. Definitely the new spot to grub at. Only thing missing was the beer but Hopefully they get their license in the next month. Recommending this place to everyone. It's an exciting place to grind. Tag up the wall and look for my pillar. LolKingKai
4	So YUMMY! Compared to Hot & Juicy Crawfish, this place is way better. The whole shabang mild sauce is what I always get. Put it over your rice & you are set along with whatever you order (shrimp, crawfish, crab, etc.) .. I've only tried the shrimp & dungeoness crab. They're both really good. It keeps me coming back for more. I did have to deduct a star because of the service. The service can be better. It's good & bad. There's a lot of people that work there at the same time. It really depends on who you get as your server & whoever you're around.
4	I have heard all about this place and all of the Cali locations seem to be a bit out of control with crowds so I decided to visit this location on my holiday vegas trip. After doing some shopping at the Premium Outlets I decided to head over and check this place out since it was only about 10 min. away. I walked in around 5:30ish on a Friday and it was pretty empty, there were only about 2-3 other tables occupied. Score for me! I had my pick of tables and booths to choose from. I settled into my booth and tackled the menu, I thought it was nice that they had several tvs hanging around the restaurant which worked out great for folks like me who decided to dine alone :-)So I got right to it, I ordered the 2 lbs of the king crab legs with the whole shabang medium sauce and the Cajun fries. I was going to order the catfish as well but thought that it would be way too much food for me. I was right the crab legs and fries were a perfect dinner for me! The whole shabang sauce that everyone raves about lived up to the hype! It was garlicky, spicy and delicious; I even dipped my fries in it! The fries were crispy and delicious and the Cajun seasoning had just the right amount of spice to them. Service was pretty standard not bad but not spectacular. All in all I was impressed with my first boiling crab experience, I will def. be sure to check out one of the locations in Cali :-)
5	This is where I first tried boiling crab...and boy was it delicious!! I made the mistake of ordering gumbo..it was so-so..tasted just like progresso with rice ... definitely get the whole shabang, with a pound of shrimp and corn! sooooo good!! and this location isn't as crazy busy as the locations in cali...love love loveee boiling crab!!
5	Highlight of my vegas trip! Wish this place came to Hawaii!! Wayy better than Hot N Juicy but same concept.  Got the king crab, snow crab, shrimp, corn and potatoes with mild shabang seasoning which is all three seasoning in one bag! Soooooo good!!! Mild was hot enough but not too hot.  If you like it a little hot then get medium.  A little savage with no plates or utensils and shrimp juicy all over my bib but it added to the experience!!! Customers can draw on the walls so check out my bunny with the word "Lam!" right next to it, on the pillar near the door when you come in!!
4	The food is great and yes I do like it way more than Hot N Juicy. I mean I like it so much the bf and I used to drive down to CA just to eat at the Boiling Crab location there and come back the same day. But! This location will only get four stars from me even though my bf completely disagrees. Yep the food, like I've mentioned, is good--whole shabang shrimp mild, salt and pepper and lime, 3lbs..the best. Gumbo: awesome, especially with rice. Dinner for two costs us around 40 bucks. Now here is why I have it at four stars: I absolutely hate the way this place was set up. You just don't get that 'comfy' feel. I don't know maybe because everytime ive eaten here I still see Pier 1(which is what it uses to be). The center of the restaurant just feels too open. I don't know I guess you have a big group, being seated in thAt area is not a big deal but if you were just with a couple if people, the booth would be better-for me at least. But i guess with all this space available in this restaurant, the more people they could seat. That means less wait time! Yay!Other than that, the food is great and staff is friendly.
2	Mediocre at best. Not worth the money... Oh and bring your own water because they charge 25 cents for tap water. I know it's only 25 cents, but really?
4	The great debate is over! I've finally dipped my sinful fingers in a one pound bag of shrimp, drenched with SHABANG sauce. The controversal question that lingers everyone's mind is...HOT AND JUICY OR BOILING CRAB? Who is the king of ocean shell eats?!?!?! A great first for me tonight at Boiling Crab, and I must confess, my heart is in the middle.  I'm at a 50/50 decision here where one seafood joint outruns one trait and another for something different.Here are the pros and cons: While the 1 pound shrimp may feel like you're being swindled in quantity, I think the quality of shrimp cancels it out. The shrimp SIZE is big. Which I am thankful for since it requires less work in peeling shrimp, and the taste of wonderful shrimp does suffice at every bite. It gets discouraging sometimes peeling small shrimp, and feeling like you didn't pop enough shrimp in your mouth to enjoy it. The SHABANG SAUCE tastes different from HOT AND JUICY's house sauce. Shabang is a bit more tangy, salty, and less spicy. Which I actually love. If you're an indecisive person when pick a good sauce, pick the Shabang since it compiles all the sauces together. I went for mild tonight to be safe, and thankfully it wasn't as spicy as I would have assumed.25 cents for a cup of water. This turned me off a bit since that was a first for me, and I always thought water is complementary in every restaurant. Also, I heard from my friends the catfish isn't that great. But, I think thats expected because fried catfish isn't fried catfish unless its from the south, or with a little soul! Service was great! They were very friendly, and always returned with your requests promptly. The fun part is the idea of writing on the wall. I mean, you came, you saw, you conquered. Might as well let everyone know you were there!
4	We had heard that H n J and Boiling Crab's owners or businesses were related, and had always wanted to try what our Cali friends were raving about.  We were stoked to see that it had come to town, and with such great reviews in such a short period of time, so we had to give it a try.First, our seafood resume:Semi-regulars at Hot n' Juicy, which is great but crowded and long waits, and terrible parking. Crawfish, of course, is their mainstay.Then Cajun Crawfish (now defunct), which we also liked a lot; at least the takeover addressed the accessibility issues.Crab Corner near St. Viator's, which was also very good, but not the same style as the above-mentioned.Shucks, Joe's, not bad not great.When you're eating seafood, you're getting dirty, and the tables were plain and adequately spaced apart for that purpose.  There are TVs everywhere, and we the Saints game on.  Kids (and adults) can scribble on the walls, and mark their territories.  We ordered dungeness crab, shrimp, and crawfish, so we could give a more well rounded analysis.  We had a single ordered delayed for some reason, but otherwise the food came out in a timely fashion.  Water for $.25 was kinda lame. (I wonder if you brought your own cup if they'd charge you? ;)  )  The crab was very good, fresh, and flavorful.  The appropriate tools were provided  (crackers, picks) for crabbing. The shrimp was of a good size, tasty, and lended itself well to the She Bang sauce.  Your fingers and hands are going to smell for hours, just embrace it and dig in.  The crawfish were a little disappointing, and didn't taste as fresh as H n J. Kids ate chicken and fries. Fries are essential for sauce dipping.  We also ordered gumbo, without rice. Definitely get it with rice, and there wasn't much to it alone.Crab: 5 starscrawfish: 2shrimp 5
2	I have been here 6 times, but this is my first time I have written a review.  My experience the first 5 times was good.  I like the flavor of the sauce and had good experiences.  In fact, on my recommendation, one of my friends had her birthday party here.  Everyone had a good time and we ended up with a bill over $400 but it was worth it.    Why the 2 stars you ask?  Because visit 6 SUCKED!  And I mean SUCKED BAD.  I ordered a pound of shrimp with a corn.  The food runner dropped off the shrimp and repeated the order then took off to deliver to another table.  Right away I noticed two things, there was no corn and that the amount of shrimp in the bag was very small.  When we got a hold of an employee, we told her that there was no corn and asked if that was a pound.  She held up the bag and asked if we ordered a full pound or a half.  We replied that we ordered a full pound.  She said that this couldn't be our order and took the bag away.  A couple minutes later, the chicken wings arrived.  They were excellent as always.  By the time we finished the wings, the shrimp still hadn't arrived.  Our original server dropped off a corn in a bag, but no shrimp.  The first girl came by a few minutes later and said that the first bag had to be our order because she has been watching it and nobody has taken it.  Then to my shock, she said that she would go get it.  I told her that I didn't want that bag because after 15 min of steaming in the bad, it would be way overcooked.  She looked a but stunned and paused.  I told her not to bring me that same bag.  At the same time, the original server was bringing it over.  She intercepted him and told him that I didn't want that bag.  They went over to the cashier area and discussed something with some others.  They came over and told me that the order was being remade.  To this point, I was fine with the proceedings.  I figured that "shit happens" and no big deal.  Then the shrimp arrived.  If someone tells me that wasn't the same shrimp, I'll tell them that they are a f'kn liar.  The shrimp was so overcooked that all of the heads had fallen off.  The meat was mush and stuck to the shells.  Either that was the same bag, or they should fire the cook immediately because he or she can't cook.
5	Short version:If you like Hot 'n' Juicy Crawfish, but hate the cramped dining room and horrible parking, check out the Boiling Crab. It's like HJC with 4x the dining room space and decent parking.Long version:I went here with some friends because I heard of its similarities to HJC, and didn't feel like the crapshoot of getting a table in a decent amount of time or finding parking at HJC. It was 5 of us plus my infant son.Seating:We were seated almost immediately, even though the place was almost entirely full. It was a table for 4, with a 5th seat added to one end and a highchair added to the other. Slightly cramped, but we were going to share everything family-style, so no big deal. As is typical with these types of places, the table setting is a plastic sheet with no settings or utensils. Oddly, though, there was a napkin dispenser instead of a roll of paper towels. The napkin dispenser ran out 2/3 of the way through dinner and had to be replaced, and I can't help but think a paper towel roll would've served better.Food:We ordered:2 lbs of shrimp, "whole shebang" sauce/medium spice2 lbs of snow crab legs, one with lemon pepper/medium, one with shebang/mild2 lbs of king crab legs, cajun spice/mild1 lb of clams, Shebang/xxx (maximum spicy)1 order of fried catfish with fries1 order of sweet potato friesThe shrimp was a great appetizer for the table and a great way to gauge the flavor of the sauce and the level of spice. The shrimp were large, the sauce was very tasty, and it gave us a good baseline for spice levels.The crab legs were all excellent, although the king crab was definitely the most flavorful. I'd rate the sauces: 1. shebang, 2. cajun, 3. lemon pepper.The clams were meaty and delicious. The xxx spice level was a nice surprise, as it actually packed a decent punch. As I liked spicy the most at the table, I ended up eating most of these - everyone tried one, and enjoyed the flavor, but most didn't want to deal with that much heat.I'm not a huge catfish person, but the fried catfish was decent. The sweet potato fries didn't have any extra seasoning, but I preferred them to the cajun fries.Also, as this type of place serves the food in the bag of sauce, it's messy as all hell. Your hands will smell like seafood for hours afterward, no matter how much you wash. Price you pay for delicious seafood flavor.Service:The place was busy, but a few different servers ended up dropping off food and refilling drinks. Overall they were prompt and courteous, although for some reason they served the catfish and fries about 5 minutes after the shrimp and about 10 - 15 minutes before any of the crab or clams. Kind of odd timing on that.Overall:Loved the food, loved not having to wait 45 minutes for a table, loved the availability of parking. Will definitely come back.
4	My husband was craving for crab.  First we were going to try Joe's Crab Shack only to find that a couple of locations closed down.  We then found Boiling Crab and was glad that we did.  I had the chicken tenders basket with cajun fries since I can't eat crab and shrimp :-(  My husband ordered the dungeness crab with garlic butter and medium spice.  He thoroughly enjoyed it very much.  At $13.99 a lb., he gobbled it all up and no leg or shell was unturned.
3	It's funny that I had been itching to drive out to LA just to eat boiling crab because all of my friends from SoCal always ate at this place. Apparently there would always be a 45 minute wait, so this place HAD to be good. Finally Boiling Crab was in Vegas and I thought I would be one of their first customers. Haha, that was not the case because I waited 2 months after they opened to actually eat here. I think I wasn't as excited because people who tried California Boiling Crab and LV Hot N Juicy said HNJ was better. But of course I had to see for myself so my friend and I came in on for a late lunch/ early dinner. We ordered 2 lbs of shrimp in the shabang sauce with potatoes, corn, and cajun fries. Boiling Crab is only the second restaurant I've been to that has the same concept, so I had no choice but to compare them with HNJ. The sauce was thinner and tasted like it had less flavor. It also seemed like the sauce was just all butter and the spices weren't mixed in very well. The shrimp also made my fingers itch, which was kind of odd (no I'm not allergic). The potatoes, corn, was good as usual. And the cajun seasoning on the fries was surprisingly good because I was anticipating it to have too much paprika or something. The service was promp because I guess there's no assigned servers to a certain table/ area. I know that for a fact because after we placed our order, another gentleman comes with a note pad and pen to ask us if we ordered already. Boiling crab is "a-okay" in my book, but sorry to say I prefer the other place half a block up north.
4	YUMMMMMMMMMM: Sweet potato fries, a Dozen oysters, a pound of shrimp, & a pound of snow crab Delicious!!!Location: This is by far the biggest boiling crab I've been to, and I've been to two in LA and one in OC. Yes this girl loves her boiling crabWait time: I love that this location hasn't become super busy like Hot & Juicy or the other boiling crab locations that have an hour wait for so. This place also has a huge waiting area with TV's all around. Food: Like I said... YUMMMM, only thing i'd change which has been bothering me is.. the SHRIMP. I think they over boil it because MAYBE ITS JUST ME. But every time I go I have a hard time peeling the shrimp. The skins stuck on the shrimp, this only happens when shrimp is OVER BOILED when cooked. Price: Its actually cheaper than Hot & Juicy I believe, when I went a pound of shrimp was 9.99 apposed to hot & juicys at 10.99. I know $1 wow but I notice I spend a lot less at boiling crab than at hot & juicy. Maybe its ust me
4	My handy-dandy Instructions for Boiling Crab:1) Order lots of deliciousness. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zcScEL0WEdFkROcnz5379g?select=7S68J5d1_1Z5FLOZQbifqQ2) Order a soda3) Put on your lovely Bib: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zcScEL0WEdFkROcnz5379g?select=F3lBXoO88uMkC-hZemk0qw4) Crack, slurp, nom!5) Drink soda to combat the FIREEEEEE!6) Repeat steps 4 and 5 until Utterly full.Okay, if you love seafood, cajun, spicy, crawfish, looking awesome in a bib, or just looking for good food then Boiling crab is amazing.  There's a huge mess hall feeling to this place but it's clean and lots of space for customers.  Parking is hardly a problem and the staff are nice and quick to make suggestions and refill your unlimited soda. *****TIP! The spicy can get pretty spicy so i would try a pound first.******TIP #2! Corn soaked in CAJUN SPICES will taste so good but will burn so bad.Definitely a spot to try, especially if you are not afraid to get MESSAY!
3	As a devout Hot n Juicy lover, it seemed only fitting that I gave the new crawfish joint on the block a try. Me and a few co workers went here for a work dinner Sunday night. We got there around 730 pm and there was no wait at all. As we entered, it looked like a cross between a marina and a huge warehouse. The decor was definitely done by a minimalist, but it worked. Everything is very similar to hot n juicy. Food: They have different sauces/ spice levels, corn, steamed rice, gumbo, fried shrimp, cajun fries, & chicken. The sauce of course can be put on shrimp, crab, or crawfish. Everything was yummy and oh so spicy. Beware of the spice. Everything is like one spice level higher than what it is rated, so order a level down. Our table ordered shrimp medium in the whole shabang sauce and fried shrimp with mild cajun fries. The fries were to die for as well as the fried shrimp. The boiled shrimp was okay. It just lacked that umph that hot n juicy has. Still tasty though. A few tidbits though: they charge for water refills $1.25 I believe,  condiments are available for a fee, and prepared to be very messy.The prices: About the same as hot n juicy. About $10/lb for shrimp, some change for corn on the cob, $2 for a bowl of rice, and $8.99 for most of the baskets (chicken tender, wings, fried shrimp).
4	If it wasn't for the Boiling Crab in Koreatown, CA, Boiling Crab LV would have received my 5 stars.  The two Crabs were complete strangers from a different shore.  BC Koreatown's Sha-Bang sauce had more.. Sha-Bang!  Twice as flavorful, garlicy, oniony, salty, tasty!  BC LV's Sha-Bang was lacking the Bang Bang.. the sauce was bland and watered down.  I guess that's what you get from seafood served in the desert.  But as I was working through my bag o' shrimp, I started to gain momentum and found myself devouring my 1 pounder and everything left in it.  I have developed an acquired taste for BC LV and have dismantled my fanfare for BC Koreatown.  BC LV had become my official rebound.  If you are dining at BC.. I suggest ordering all three seperate flavors on your choice of crustacean and then try the Sha-Bang just so your options stay open (cuz u know what they say.. "once you go 'Sha-Bang' you'll never go back.").  All the fried goods are mighty delish.  The fried Catfish and Oysters are always a good side dish.. it changes the game a 'bit for when things get a little too saucy.  Never go riceless.. the rice will balance the sodium imbalanced meal.  Use the unlimited supply of lime, salt & pepper to increase or decrease your levels of yum.. this ain't no meal for pansies!  ..and finally a Quicktip:  Forget about washing your hands.. use the leftover lime to degrease, scent and ungrime 'em butterfingers.  Did you know: A Crab's teeth are in its stmoach which is also the SAUCIEST!
5	As good as Ragin Cajun and better that Hot N Juicy.  For Vegas, this as good as it gets (tie with Ragin Cajun).  Plenty of parking.  Fast and friendly service.  Lots of meat.  Not too salty.  We got 2 lbs of shrimp @ $9.99 per lb and one bowl of white rice.  We got one with Ragin Cajun seasoning XXX hot and the other The Whole-She-bang seasoning medium hot.  We liked The Whole She-bang medium hot the best.  The shrimp is served in plastic bags and  eaten on a plastic tablecloth (no plates).  You eat with your fingers and it gets messy.  There are plenty of sinks in the bathrooms.  Lots of seating and the place is clean.  The shrimp is big as Ragin Cajun and bigger than Hot N Juicy.  My only complaint is the music was too loud and a little obnoxious: hip-hop and modern rock, and popular mix.  Most importantly, the food was really good.  This will be one of our regular spots.
3	Finally tried BC last night. I must say they do a lot right so let's start there. Great set up and size of the restaurant. Lots of tv's and parking. Service was good and friendly. OK the food. The crayfish where very good, cooked perfect and lots of garlic. We had shrimp good flavor but in the bad we will get to them. Catfish was cooked really well and tasted great. Last we tried the lemon pepper wings and I must say excellent. The fries are very good also. OK let's get to the bad and why I probably will just stick with HJ. The crayfish where some of the smallest I have ever seen. Worst part of the meal was the shrimp. Good size but they are next to impossible to peel. I sent the 2 pounds back and I never send food back but I had to. Server was nice but never eating seafood she didn't understand. There then brought us a new batch but only 1 pound. After a long conversation they brought another pound. I will give it to them the new shrimp where much better and not over cooked. Still hard to peel it was strange. Now this is where many places just don't get it not once did a manager come by our table and ask if they got it right or to say sorry. Sad that they get so much right but probably cost them self a couple dozen customers. I wouldn't say I won't go back but I just don't know why I would.
3	Get ready for your hands to stink for days!Boiling crab is a nicer version of Hot & Juicy (can I say that?)  The place is much roomier and feels cleaner.Every time I go there, the service isn't all that great.  Tons of teenagers sort of just hanging out.  We never really get much attention and never have one dedicated server.  There are a couple of really great servers, but a majority... EH.  One time, I had to get up from my seat all the way in back and walk to the very front to ask for a drink.  Not that fun when your wearing a bib and your hands (and probably face) are smeared with gunk.Anyway, the food is pretty good.  The shrimp is typically pretty large.  A pound is enough for me to share with my husband.  Love the added on corn on the cob and sausage (half pound addition is plenty!).  I did have one time where the shrimp was so overcooked it was impossible to peel is cleanly, but normally its pretty awesome.  For $9.99, I would say that the value isn't bad!$14.99 buys you a pound of snow crab legs.  I really hate paying for snow crab legs when I know I can have as much as I want at a buffet... but one night we were really craving it.  Verdict - not worth it.  Overpriced and despite it being soaked in spices, bland.  I recommend getting the whole shebang in medium (its plenty spicy!)  Its the perfect blend of spicy garlicky goodness.Do try the cajun fries (so worth it!).  I haven't been able to try any of their other fried stuff yet, but looking fwd to it.Oh yeah - don't forget to bring your Sharpies to tag up the walls!
3	BOILING CRAB vs. HOT & JUICYEssentially, the experience is the same. You order seafood by the pound. They drench it in a sauce and serve it in a bag on your table. I don't really like this kind of food. I wouldn't have cravings for it. But after experiencing both, I prefer Boiling Crab over Hot & Juicy for a number of different reasons. LOCATION: Close to my house! at Flamingo & Decatur in the Food4Less shopping center. The restaurant is HUGE. 2-3 times the size of H&J with much higher ceilings. Unlike H&J, you can smell the food but there's enough fresh breathing air at BC for everyone. SEAFOOD: You have the option of choosing fresh or frozen crawfish. The fresh is supposed to taste a little better at double the cost but the frozen is much larger. We got the frozen and I didn't think anything bad of it except one or two of the buggers had an awful ocean taste (the bad kind). Shrimp can be ordered in half-lb increments (the ones we got were overcooked). 1 lb of Snow Crab is 5 legs and some body. Definitely need at least 1 lb / person if your doing crab.SAUCE: We tried a variety of the sauces. Lemon Pepper, Cajun, and the whole sha-bang. We went with all Mild heat. H&J has a tendency to be ridiculously spicy (as in heat) even when you order Mild. The Medium over there killed me! The sauce at BC was wonderful. The Sha-Bang was definitely my favorite. Full of flavor and spice, heavy on the garlic, but not to hot. I'll probably go Medium the next time I come. SIDES: Freshest fresh oysters in Vegas! They were tasty, meaty, and had a healthy gloss to them. I could've eaten a whole dozen myself! The ones I've received at H&J in the past were subpar quality and not that great. And what's not to like about sweet potato fries? SERVICE: We had a few different people serving us. Luckily, there were no mistakes on our order and everyone was pretty friendly. H&J servers aren't attentive and they always get something wrong. DRINKS: No liquor license yet. Its coming though. I hear 25 cents for a cup of water?  We ordered iced tea. But they've got sweet tea as well.PRICES: We got 1/2 lb shrimp, 1 lb crawfish, 1 lb snow crab, sweet potato fries, dozen oysters, and 2 iced teas. Bill was $25 per person. Not bad!H&J / BC really isn't my type of food. But if my friends want some buttery cajun seafood then I'd pick Boiling Crab over other places.Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
4	Delicious, Yumminess in EVERY bite!! The "whole sha-bang" really is what it says it is!!  We had 3lbs of snow crab, 1lb of king crab, 1 lb of blue crab, a dozen oysters, corn and cajun fries. The crab was cooked perfectly, the oysters were fresh and EVERYTHING was AMAZING!! I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because the service was just ok, nothing to note and they don't have there liquor license yet, but they do allow you to BYO beer & wine with receipt and ID.  Bring your sharpie, it's fun to leave your mark on the place!! Did I mention the whole sha-bang??  ENJOY!!
3	SO I really hate it when my fellow yelpers and I don't agree on a popular place, but I was not impressed at all with BC....I was really looking forward to it and it was just a bust for me.We got here around 8 pm on a Saturday night and the hostess just told us that we beat the dinner rush. Yay us! Good sign! After looking at the menu we decided to go with the Shebang Snow Crabs, Lemon Pepper Shrimp, Cajun wings and cajun fries. The server told us that the mild spicy level was about the same as flaming hot cheetoes! Wow, thats super duper spicy to me so we went with the no spicy level. The wings and fries came out first, it was covered in their "cajun" powder and I wasn't impressed as there wasn't tons of flavor for being "cajun." The shrimp and crab came out at the same time. The sauces were red which wasn't what I expected (should have looked through pics first) not necessairly a bad thing. It had sort of a tomato based texture with chunks of their "cajun spice" and garlic. The sauces were alright, I just felt that the sauce didn't penetrate through the shrimp and crab. I know that's part of the food experience when you end up dunking them before putting them in your mouth, but it was that bland that you HAD to redunk them in the sauce. Luckily it was just the 2 of us so we could double dip. The shrimp was way over cooked to the point where the shell was so hard to take off. Crab meat was pretty meaty, but without the awesome flavors of the sauce it was just regular crab. I ordered a side of rice and the rice was dry and old...not very appealing. We didn't end up finishing our meal which is surprising seeing as we didn't eat all day. Overall, I'm disappointed that I had a not so good experience at this place when everyone hyped it up and said it was better than any other place! Service was good, bathrooms have no paper towels which saves tress, but kind of a hassel. One of my friends recommended that I go back again to give it a second chance, but I won't be for awhile.
3	Went to boiling crab after reading the reviews and hearing all the rant from friends.  We've been here twice and both times we stuffed our face with shrimp!  But, I'll have to give this place a 3 and here's why.Place is super busy but, they usually get you seated quickly.  The walls are are tattoo with writing from the restaurants patrons which is kinda cool.  Each booth has a small LCD screen that has some sort of sports game on.  Also, there is big shark hanging from the ceiling!  The waitress line the table with just wax paper for you to eat off of and they serve your food from a bucket!  Very much in the theme of sea food.Here's what we ordered between 2 people:- 1 lb of boiled shrimp spiced with, "the whole sha-bang" $9.99- 2 pieces for corn on the cob $0.75 each- 1 Steamed rice $2.00The shrimp came in bags and were seasoned perfectly.  For me it goes perfectly with the steamed rice because the rice just soaks up the flavors.  For the faint of heart keep in mind that the shrimp is boiled and it is not devained.  Over all the food was abundant, delicious, and affordable.  A lot of the people there were getting the deep fried catfish.  I think I'll try that next time.  One thing is, the place doesn't have a liquor license yet....so they suggest to bring your own beer.  There is a Food 4 Less in the same business park for you to pick up some brewskis.What brought this review down 1 star is the service.  The servers are young and seem to be social with people other than the patrons of the restaurant.  You'll notice it as soon as you are greeted from the hostes.  My wife was with out a drink for majority of our meal....and with spiced shrimp it would help having some water.  You don't have one dedicated server either.  You're seated and you're order is taken by one person.  But, then the rest of the meal your server is who ever you can flag down.  Overall you gotta check this place out!  Worth the price and a great way to chow down like your at a buffet without being at a buffet.  Also, great place to wow foodies from out of town.
4	Awesome food... great prices... average service. The GUMBO is AWESOME
1	ugh i wasted 40 bucks here!!!  I ordered 2lb of crawfish's in separate bags and blue crabs Cajun fries and gumbo....they usually give 2 blue crabs but this time they only gave me one and charge me 10 bucks for it!! and the crawfish were not 1lb each!!! more like half of a lb!! the first and the second time i went it was okay but the third was the worse! the cajun fries were hard and nasty!! and the gumbo.... they totally cut down on stuff they put in there they make it seem like it has more by cutting them into lil pieces in the soup....did not enjoy that at all!  asked for glove like 5 times but i didn't get that ,I mean I'd understand if they were busy but it was close to closing time and there wasn't much ppl there. OH only good thing was the corn and nothing else
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (14 of 365).This is a great place to take a date because you get this interactive meal, get down and dirty with eating shellfish, and get to test your date on how hot and spicy they can take down.  I like the atmosphere in here because it has a home like feel and a chill ambiance.  I come here in my dress down clothes so I can get down and dirty with my crawfish.I order the whole sha-bang!  I like it medium so I can still get some garlic flavor in there but still taste the seafood.  I get my bag of crawfish with two ears of corn inside and let them marinate in the sauce while I eat. Sometimes I have to take them out early before they get too marinated in the hot sauce that I can barely eat them!  I also order a side of sweet potato fries for some carbohydrates to cool down the heat a little.What I like best about this place is that it's huge and accomodating for big groups of people, but they have an array of booths for some privacy if you come here with a friend or loved one.  You can even write on their walls to commemorate your visit!  I also like how they play the sports channels on  their TVs so that your boyfriend doesn't miss an important game.  And they have a plethora of TVs on their walls so you definitely can't miss a game!I say go and try it ASAP!
5	**Update with Comparison with Hot & Juicy**       - The Whole Sha-Bang - Their sauce has thickened up and has become my favorite "crawfish/shrimp in a bag" place in Vegas.       - Hot & Juicy - The last 3 time I've been to Hot & Juicy, their sauce has become more and more watered down. To me, it's not even a toss up anymore. I'd definitely go with Boiling Crab.       - Prices - Their "Market Prices" are still cheaper than Hot & Juicy.       - Crawfish - Their crawfish are bigger and fresher than Hot & Juicy's hands down.       - Conversion - Boiling Crab is now my go to place for "crawfish/shrimp in a bag"**Recommendations**       - I'd definitely recommend this place for a great meal and an interesting experience.
4	Way better than Hot & Juicy...price...location....parking....taste.The atmosphere was very comfortable.   Servers were checking up on us regularly.  The Whole Sha-Bang sauce was delicious! Had it with the shrimp and crawfish...well three bags of 'em.  The cajun fries was out of this world.  I am not a regular fries eater, but this was scrumptious.  Everything was mild...that we ordered.  Folks like it mild.  Love the corn on the cob too.  Overall it was a great meal.  :o)  Very happy for my tummy...
5	YES!!!! Finally have a Boiling Crab in Vegas!! Coming from the neighborhood of where Boiling Crab came from, this Boiling Crab tastes exactly the same. :] So here are my recommendations for you first timers:1. SHRIMP: (best bang for your buck) and get it in the WHOLE SHABANG (cajun style sauce). Remember to make your lemon juice, salt and pepper sauce so you can dip the shrimp in. 2. CORN: may be small but it'll help you feel better that you ate some veggies and it tastes great. 3. SWEET POTATO FRIES: sweet, golden crispy fries... so good. Yes, you don't need to buy that $$$crab just because it says it in the name of the restaurant. Just go for the shrimp and a great/messy time eating. :] YUMMIES!! Awesome, young service. You wont regret it.Oh, and grab those oysters when you feel like it. So FRESH.
4	Another Boiling Crab now in Vegas! This place is large and spacious and it's located in a shopping center with lots of free parking.I now understand why this chain does so well. The service is on the spot and food is consistently tasty. I arrived on a Monday just after 5:00 and there was no line! Wow that's a first for Boiling Crab. Started off with a half dozen of oysters on a half shell. They were served on a bed of ice and were medium sized really delish. I followed the oyster appetizer with a pound of peel and eat shrimp with their original rajun Cajun sauce and medium spiciness.  I got really greedy and ordered fried oysters. They were decent but I preferred the oysters on the half shell. I'll definitely return here again especially if I don't have to wait in line!
4	When I say I'm a huge fan, I mean that I create cooler environments! LOL Totally kidding because compared to Boiling Crab, Hot & Juicy seems Tasteless & Dry! Now, that might be a cause of offense to some people, but in my preference, which I will elaborate on, would be the service and environment of BC! Since it's been established in Las Vegas, they've always been busy! The first time I've had BC was in LA and I told friends from Vegas about it and they told me about H&J! Ever since I've had BC, I've never been back to H&J!BC has similar food items like H&J! They have the Cajun style seafood with your shrimps, your crawfish, lobster, crab legs, cajun fries and they tailor to your tolerance of spicy! If you're like me, I'm good with ZERO spicy because even medium is spicy for me! Friends who've preferred the Cajun spice to their food have said it isn't spicy at all! Do I know how true that is? No! Will I ever test how hot their spices are? Probably not! If you know the movie starring Ben Stiller and Jennifer Aniston, Along Came Polly, you'll know exactly what spicy food does to me! LOL!But the reason I give BC a 4-star rating is for the other items on their menu! The fried catfish and cajun fries are TO... DIE... FOR! I ask for extra tartar sauce for extra dipping, limes to drench it in it's juice, and if a friend is kind enough to let u dip some catfish in their Whole Shebang sauce, give them a big hug and be sure to have a few mints on deck cuz the smell of your burps and breath will kick like a mule! More like a pack of mules! They give 4 or 5 HUGE catfish filets along with a medium sized basket of fries (regular and sweet potato fries are also available!). Another addition to BC's already awesome menu is their fried oysters! I'm a huge raw oyster fan, but the fried oysters are just as good!Will I ever come back to BC? Of course I will! Throw another shrimp on the bobby! And some catfish. And some oysters. Annnnnd some crab legs. :) Happy eating!
5	I could eat this every day and be happy. I've been to boiling crab countless times in California, so finding out that they opened one in Vegas was one of the happiest moments of my life ( well..my food life). If you love anything and everything Cajun, you'll love this place. If you love seafood, you'll love this place. If you love friendly staff, you'll love this place! I've given you three reasons why you should eat here, certainly one of them has to be relevant to you!Recommendation: for first timers , I recommend ordering your seafood of choice with the "whole shabang" sauce option. This is a mix of lemon pepper, their Rajun Cajun Sauce, and garlic butter. Trust me, you will not regret this decision. Also, if you decide to order shrimp keep in mind you can also order by the half pound.
5	OMG, OMG, O   M   G!Thanks to all the Yelpers on here that convinced me to get the Whole Sha-bang seasoning. Yum!The dining room is huge, cool decor, fun patron graffiti. The staff is soooo nice and helpful. Love the menu. Prices are great too. Got 1lb. of shrimp with the Whole Sha-bang, mild ( I like to taste my seafood), they were good, love that they leave the heads on. I think I can kick it up a notch and try medium next time.Also got an order of King Crab Legs since I never really get the opportunity to eat them otherwise. They were soooo delicious. I got them with garlic butter sauce only because I was afraid the other sauces would drown out the taste of the crab. Damn, I should've Sha-banged those legs! I was dipping them in the sauce from the shrimp. Oh well, I know better for next time but I was not disappointed in the least.BTW I've never been to Hot N Juicy.
2	I thought I did a review about LV Boiling Crab but I don't see it anymore.Well, I guess I should write again anyway since my review of them has changed. For those that lived in California, the name "Boiling Crab" goes hand in hand with being known as the best place in the west to get Louisiana style crawfish. I also visited their southern California restaurant when ever I visited that area.When Boiling Crab opened their first restaurant in Las Vegas, I was one of the first to try. Their seasoning is the same as any other Boiling Crab places, but the similarity stopped here.A few months after their grand opening, I visited their places a few more times and got disappointed more and more. Unlike their CA restaurants, the quality of their seafood at their LV restaurant was not fresh. There were several times where I bit into the shrimp that was either rotten or spoiled.  I do realize not many people were aware of their restaurant yet and it will take time to reach the capacity that they have in CA. That doesn't mean that they should keep and served rotten shrimp. Doing this will mean losing customers, not gaining.I, for one, will go back to Hot N Juicy when I'm in LV, but will definitely go to their Boiling Crab restaurant when I visited Santa Ana.
4	Finally, a food establishment where I can use my fingers to eat in public! Oysters, shrimp, crab, Cajun fries, garlic butter dipping sauce were all so tasty.  Chicken tenders were also great! When we were there, on February 21st 2012, the place could not serve alcohol so a dozen of us went and got some beer across the parking lot and brought it in the restaurant.  You can also write a message or note on their walls (wood? plywood?)  I can handly spicy but their mild was quite eye blinking and "huhhhuhh" mouth opening.
5	LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! BOILING CRAB!!! We were very excited to know that their was one here in the las vegas area. Food is still has the same great taste. One thing i've noticed is that the sauce is a little bit more thicker than the one in orange county, ca. Love how there is no lines to wait but that will probably change since they are new to the area. Always get 3 lbs shrimp (**whole shabang**), sweet potato fries!!!! Warning: when coming here dont wear your nice, pretty clothes and be prepared to use your hands!!!
4	As an avid go-er to the Boiling Crab in California, I feel as though this joint really needs to step their game up considering how to Hot n/ Juicy locations have already been establish in Las Vegas. Come get ready to get messy! Bibs and gloves are supplied.The first time I went here with my boyfriend, we were really awkwardly seated, but that was fine. They had only been open for a few weeks at this point. The server that we had was a little rude when we asked if we could have some lemon with black pepper and salt. She sarcastically asked, "Did you mean you want more lime?" Seriously girl? Lol.  I know that they were new and it was not that busy, but there were about 10-14 people standing behind the counter chit-chatting away when we did need something, and did not want to be rude by trying to flag them down.The food was definitely as good as in Calfornia!The second time we went was definitely the reason why I have raised it to four stars. We were still awkwardly seated, haha. Somehow we landed the same booth that we had last time! This time, our server was very nice and friendly. After she took our orders, she went back and gave us the black pepper and salt cups without us having to ask. The only thing we requested was the lime. Ha. And man did she pour out a lot :D She kept checking up on us the whole time that we were eating and made sure that our drinks were refilled in a timely manner. It wasn't just her this time as well, it seemed like random member of the crew were assisting us which was a plus. Yay for team effort! You HAVE to try their sweet potato fries!While I was eating, I saw that they are able to accommodate larger parties even when they get busy during dinner hours. This restaurant is definitely big so there is tons of seating everywhere so you won't have to wait. We ordered a lb of snow crab with the whole shebang, 2 lbs of shrimp with the whole shebang, sweet potato fries, two drinks, and the gumbo with rice for about $52 before tips.I say come on down and let your stomach be happy! It is definitely fun for dates or in big groups. The bigger the mess, the better :D
3	Honestly, I wasn't too impressed with this place especially considering all the hype it's gotten. I ordered a pound of shrimp with all the spices and it just tasted like a bland mess of flavors to me.
5	You can write all over the benches and walls in Heaven!Oh wait, this is a review for Boiling Crab!I've been here but once, but they earned the 5 star-nage with the decor, the ambience, and the food.Decor - Wood everywhere, and written all over, paper covering the tables with a general sea-faring-ish attitude.  Profess your love for seafood, represent your area code, write whatever you want, just remember to follow the posted writing rule and that this is a family establishment.  Keep it clean!  Ambience - TVs playing sports, noisy, the sounds of people sucking crawfish and shrimp heads, licking their fingers, wearing bibs and just generally getting down and dirty with their food?  Me likey!  See that paper on the table?  That's your plate, that's your whole tables' plate.  I'm sorry, you wanted a what?  A F-who?  Oh, a fork!  What the f*ck is that for?  Your food came in a plastic bag, ya know.Food - The whole Sha-Bang, Triple X.  That sounds like an all-inclusive sex resort, but no, that's the seasoning and level of hotness that I got for my meal.  Full flavored with little chunks of garlic and soaking in all it's glory, the crawfish and shrimp were cooked perfectly and were so delectable that when I was done, the bag looked just like new!  You could have re-used it!  Or not.  Seriously, if you love seafood like I love seafood, this is the place to throw down like there's no tomorrow.  If I was being forced to eat myself to death, I'd ask for a plane ticket to Vegas, and a bottle of Jameson 18 year to go with this last meal.
5	Mmm Mmm Mmm... I love crawfish and everything that swims in the sea (especially when it's not fried)! Their cajun fries are delicious, the price is not bad, and they have levels of spice you want. I went with medium, but I think I could have gone with the "XXX." Some of my friends thought the medium was getting too hot after eating halfway; so if it's your first time, I would go with the medium if you like a little spice. I tried fried catfish which wasn't bad at all. The fish was not dry and there was definitely flavor to it. The gumbo was delicious and it's a huge portion. I would share that. Another note, water is 25 cents. It's not a big deal to me since it was $10/lb crawfish. ...and the staff were all so friendly! I can't wait to be back.
5	shrimp, raw oysters, lobster tail, king crab legs ALL FRESH! seasoned perfectly! they have multiple seasonings but the whole SHABANG is the way to go. plenty of meat in the lobster tail and king crab legs so it is worth the "market price." Staff is super friendly every person in there seems to act like they are your friends and very friendly.i have yet to try and of the fried foods but why would i order fried foods when you go to a place like this?whatever you do, DO NOT WEAR NICE CLOTHES! they will be stained with fresh juices of the sea/ocean.Right now it is BYOB so its worth it. soon to have a full bar.
4	So I heard this boiling crab place is really popular in California, so we definitely had to try this place out. My husband who is from there swears up & down that the food here is good even though he Is allergic to shrimp (but only when he wants to be). As newbies to this joint we definitely had to emblazon our names and words of wisdom on the lovely walls of this establishment (yes it is perfectly OK to vandalize the walls, they will even provide you with a sharpie). The menu is pretty simple (or so it seems) how many pounds of shrimp, lobster etc... You want and what kind of style sauce or how spicy you want it...problem is have you ever measured your food intake as to how many pounds? It was a good thing we had experts with us. For for people we had about 1 lb of shrimp & about 1/2 a lb of clams with sausage and a basket of fries, it didn't seem like much for people, but when we got our plastic bags (yes the main entrees are placed in plastic bags & nothing else just like how they do it when you go eat at the pier in redondo beach) it was a lot & was definitely enough for us. Keep in mind they have no plates nor any silverware and YOU MUST LEARN TO EAT WITH YOUR HANDS! so you can savor the goodness of their finger licking Cajun style spicy sauce that your seafood is drenched in. Word of advice though, as we all already know, seafood tends to get pretty pricey, so please do order in moderation, and try as much as you can to visualize how many pounds of food your party can consume so your bill can be somewhat reasonable. This was definitely worth the experience though, worth it enough even for my husband to give this place a "shrimp"  exemption.
4	Finally a Boiling Crab in Vegas, now all you Vegas folks don't have to drive all the way to California to get your BC fix. First time I tried BC it was in SoCal, instantly became a fan of the shrimp with the whole sha-bang sauce mild. So naturally when it opened in Vegas i was pretty excited. If you haven't already tried it, definitely try the catfish&fries, soooo good. All in all definitely a good place to eat, foods great, prices are okay, service is great, flat screens all around and its super spacious, unlike the the BC's in SoCal. Don't forget to bring a marker and leave your mark on the walls.
3	In my opinion, this place is 3.5 stars. Which one is better? Boiling crab or Hot n Juicy?  Hot n juicy tastes a bit better, however boiling crab is 15% cheaper than Hot n Juicy. Boiling crab doesn't have liquor license yet.... So no beer :( But you can bring your own beer or wine here if you like. You do need to show ID to prove you are over 21 thol. Oysters are big and juicy here. And they are cheap!! One dozen of oysters are only $13. The sauce I enjoyed the most was Shabang. It tasted with strong garlic flavor. I was really happy to see my check that night.( 3 pounds of shrimps, 2 dozens of oysters, fried calamari and 5 sodas only cost me under $100 before tips )
5	Went a few days ago. Medium Whole Shabang was SPICAY!!! Thanks for kicking it up a notch. BIB ME!!! They still don't have a liquor license, but you can B.Y.O.B. if you have the receipt.
4	Big location compared to the ones in San Jose, CA. This place does not get as crowded also like in SJ !Would of got 5 stars if the hostess that night wasn't so stupid with her "jokes"
2	i've always been a hot n juicy fan and when boiling crab came here to vegas, my friends have a 50-50 review on it so I HAVE to try it myself. Needless to say, i wasn't very impressed. our server was very nice though and the dozen fresh oysters we got were phenomenal, otherwise i would've given this place just 1 star. We pretty much ordered everything on the menu since it was our first time (3 girls and a table full of food) -- we got the shrimp, the lobster, the king crab legs, and the snow crab legs. All of them were EXTREMELY DRY. the shrimp were overcooked, some of it were mushy, some of it you can barely peel coz the shell's all sticking to the meat. the lobster was a disappointment, cracked it open, and the meat was dry and tough. the crab legs were the same, dry and tough meat everywhere. the flavor of the sauce (we got the whole shebang one) was a little bland for our taste. the interior decor was nice though, but as far as the food, not a big fan.
2	The "Meh. I've experienced better" rating is right..I've been to BC Koreatown and BC Alhambra in CA but didn't go to either one of them during spring break so that I could try the BC in Vegas.  First pro to this BC is that there's free + lots of parking. (BC K-town is valet and street parking free after 6pm.  BC Alhambra has street parking but hard to find)The space surprised me because the BC K-Town and Alhambra are TINY!  Those two combined would only be half the size of BCLV!  I loved the spaciousness and that each table had a tv BUTTTTTTT!!!!! Service was horrible!  BC K-Town is ALWAYS busy (there's a huge line of people waiting in line before the place even opens) but BCLV barely had anyone and yet, my server spent more time at one table full of girls than my table.  I'm sure serving a table full of girls is more fun than serving a couple but honestly, he didn't even stop by to see if we needed a refill...and my boyfriend had his cup RIGHT AT THE EDGE OF THE TABLE!  The food was okay.  It was too watery/ somewhat bland compared to K-town and Alhambra so I was a little disappointed.  After we were done eating, the server was still busy serving the girls that we had to get up and get the receipt ourselves..He probably didn't even know we left.NO TIP..& will stick to BCs in Cali
3	Very delicious crawfish and sweet potato fries.  Oyster and calamari, and service was lackingWent here one morning with a group of friends.  It was my first experience.  We were seated immediately and our orders were taken promptly.  However, they only gave us enough salt and pepper thingies and lemons for only half of our group. It took us a good ten minutes to get anyones attention so we could get more.  However, the first person we were able to grab told us we had to wait for our waiter. Okay, the guy couldn't tell the waiter for us? Our guy wasn't paying attention.The oysters were the first to come out.  Now, I'm not an oyster snob, I don't know the names, I don't know where they come from, I just know if it tastes good or not.  These were not good.  The oyster snobs at my table agreed.  We didn't even eat them all.  We waved down a waiter and asked if we could do anything about it, perhaps deep frying them, since they have fried oysters on the menu.  The guy said no, and walked off. So we were stuck with crappy oysters.The calamari came out.. Burnt tasting. Not good whatsoever. However, drowning it in ketchup helped. If I could stand the taste, im gonna eat it. I don't like to waste food.I ordered crawfish in medium and the whole shabang flavor. It was awesome. Large chunks of garlic and a nice spicey flavor.  No complaints here!  Super messy though, I wish I hadn't worn white.The sweet potato fries were good as well. I loved the slight crunch they had and the sweet flavor.I'd probably go back if I went to Vegas again, was hungover, and craved crawfish.  Other than that, I'll stick to the one in CA. It was a way better experience.
4	This is my second time coming here since I have moved to Vegas and I always get my usual shrimp, corn, and sausages medium spice with the whole shabang! I love this place because: 1. It's way bigger than the other two locations in Southern California. 2. As a result of it being bigger, wait times are next to minimal. 3. Service is fast and efficient. 4. Plenty of parking. 5. They have tvs just about everywhere so if there is a big game on, you will not miss it!Tonight I also ordered the lemon pepper hot wings out of curiosity. To my pleasant suprise the wings were actually pretty good and bigger than your average wings! I gave them 4 stars because the first time I came here I remember ordering the calamari which was about 10 dollars. It was good but for that price you get a small portion and honestly one person could scarf it down and not even think twice about it. My recommendation would be to get the hotwings instead because you will actually get more meat for the price. 5 pieces were about 6 bucks and 10 was about 3 bucks more. The two flavors they have are lemon pepper and cajun. No, you cant get both flavors if you order 10 pieces. You would have to order separate to get both flavors. Why you cant split it I dont know. The server couldnt answer my question.The most common question I get is, "Is it better than Hot n' Juicy?" My answer would be "YES!" Both are similar but Boiling Crab has more advantages namely my 1 thru 5's above. Go eat at both and you can come up with your own conclusion, but as you can see I already gave you mine.So if you have that seafood with spices craving, BC should satisfy!
2	Excessive Make Up Hostess was really rude, a robot would show more genuine courtesy. The music was great. The atmosphere felt like a child's park due to shouting kids, running around the restaurant. The decor felt like outdoor seating and the writing all around walls made the place feel like a high school chemistry desk because of all the writing. We arrived a few minutes before another table but was waited on after that table.  The worst aspect of the restaurant, the CHARGE for TAP WATER! The waitress was nice. Would I eat here again? Only if this was the last place for seafood. Would make a decent place for beer pong competitions.
2	When I'm in the mood for crawfish, my first thought is never Boiling Crab in Garden Grove because I hate the wait and the loudness and the charge for what seems like every little thing. The food itself isn't too bad, but I find it more worth my time and money to go to the Cajun Corner, a bit further down Brookhurst. With that being said, I was still interested in trying the Boiling Crab that opened in Las Vegas. Little naive me was hoping it wouldn't be too bad.K. and I went on a Wednesday night, and unlike the GG BC, there was no line outside the door. Yay! However there was a short wait, about 10 minutes. However when we were seated, I was able to see that although the restaurant may have had all the tables booked, the booths along the side were deserted. That irked me a little, and also because our hostess was slightly rude. When she sat us down, she didn't even bother to look at us when she was talking to us. She told us the usual, here's your table and your server will be with you shortly, blah blah, but she must've been talking to another table seated behind us, because she sure as heck wasn't looking at us. Or maybe she was, I just couldn't tell underneath the inch-wide layer of eyeliner. Little makeup tip for you sweetie, that look is so 5 years ago. Makeup is supposed to accentuate your features, not hide them. You're wearing it wrong. Moving on...Our server took a bit long to reach us. I noticed that a family got seated after us, yet they were waited upon before us. That's never cool. But whatever..so I have been to BC before so I know they charge for water, which I personally think is ridiculous, but whatever, so K. and I brought our own water. Turns out they have a policy where you can't bring your own water (!!!!!!!) but our waitress was nice enough to give us a cup to pour our water into. The food seemed like it took a loooot longer to come out, and there's no way this place is as busy as the one in GG.K. and I both ordered crawfish, mild, the whole she-bang, and the food itself wasn't too bad. I did miss having condiments though...I'm so used to getting free condiments at the Cajun Corner, but eh. One huge plus was the corn was soo freakin' good. Quite possibly the best tasting corn I've ever had at a crawfish place. My experience here wasn't too bad, but it wasn't great. When in socal, I'll just stick to the Cajun Corner, and when in Vegas, I'll just curb my craving 'til I get back home. Probably won't come back.Oh, one more thing, awesome music though! Dashboard Confessional, Yellowcard, Something Corporate...if that was someone's ipod, awesome taste in music! =)
5	I just tried Boiling Crab for the first time and it definitely lived up to its rave reviews.  The staff here is friendly and attentive and the food is amazing!  I tried the shrimp, crawfish, and dungeness crab.  Some were flavored with "the whole sha-bang" and garlic spread.  You can't go wrong with either sauce!  They both taste great.  I will definitely be coming back here.
4	This place is awesome had the 1/2 lb shrimp rajun cajon mild and gumbo with rice. Busy as heck there was at least a 15 minute wait. Not bad I guess. Nice and big place with good service. I still like Hot n Juicy but I think I'm out voted on that. My gf and sister in law both said they prefer here.
4	It's Friday, fish day for me, and family just arrived from Hawaii.  We decided to give the Boiling Crab a try, and we expected long lines.  The wait would we were told about 30 minutes, we decided to wait, but we got seated in only 20 minutes, so it was great.  We got service right away and placed our order.  I ordered clams and shrimp by the pound with mild spice, and the hub bub. The shrimp are huge, with head on, the sauce was just spicy enough to give my eyes a little water!  I also ordered a cup of the gumbo without rice, it has a very strong okra base, dark brown rue, very good flavors.The rest of the table ordered fried baskets, I tried some of the big rings of calamari, it was tender, and the sweet potato fries were good.Service was good, lots of fun in the place, big screen TVs everywhere to watch your favorite team, and food was great.
3	Not bad food, but it was strange to have to go to a store to have beer (still working liquor license). It's a chain, though the food was better than expect. I looks like a chain restaurant you'd find in Texas such as in Arlington or anywhere in the DFW Metroplex. This "spicy" is not as spicy as one would like, and the "non-spicy" (for the kids) does have some spice to it. "Big" issue for me was they didn't have brewed iced tea! Fountain tea is crap (and who really drinks that anyway???)Service was not the greatest, even for what it was. Waitress tended to disappear and never looked at her tables in case people needed something. She didn't really seem to know the food having trouble answering basic questions ("spicy like those spicy doritos"... really??)Hot-n-Juicy is still better all the way around. Doubt we'll go back.
3	I took random notes on my phone:1) The urinals sucks. The shape of them is such that your stream plashes back no matter where you aim.2) The food was served piping hot and deliciously fresh.3) The fried catfish was my favorite thing, and served in generous portions.4) The fried oysters were the small kinds. Really oystery (in a good way).5) The king crab was was OK. By the size of it, it was more like "prince" crab. The boil was a bit boring compared to similar style restaurants I've been to. It mostly just tasted like garlic.
5	I can't  believe we didn't have to wait two hours like we usually do at California locations! I guess this place is fairly new, and not many know about it yet. It tastes just like the restaurants in California (one on brookhurst and the other on Euclid). We ordered shrimp, clams, sausages, and oh yeah! crawfish. All whole shabang medium spicy.  Also ordered 2 orders of cajun fries (must). They are hot and crispy. With 2bottles of modelo beer and a side order of rice, the bill came out to $71 for 4. we were full and content. Warning: vampires be aware! our blood is 50% garlic!
5	I love crab and eat it often but it's usually bits of a crab with the taste of 'brine freeze'.The Boiling Crab was a pleasant surprise - they serve whole crab, the whole sweet, juicy crab!!  And it's cooked just right.  The crayfish were tasty and the shrip were whole, big, plump and sweet.Everything was great, service was just right (not bothersome, but kept the glass filled).I've said goodbye to my old crab restaurants, from now on it's the Boiling Crab.
5	It is a shame that we had to go all the way to Las Vegas to be able to eat at the Boiling Crab on a weekend night without having to wait 2+ hours to be seated.  In Los Angeles the Boiling Crab is crazy popular, and is always packed.  Apparently the Boiling Crab has not received the hype in Las Vegas that it has in Los Angeles.  However, I do feel that the hype is deserved because the food here is just that good!We arrive to this Boiling Crab last Friday night after spending the whole afternoon driving from LA.  When we pulled up I jumped out of the car to put our group's name down on the wait list while the others parked.  I was shocked when I entered to find no line, and no one waiting.  I asked the hostess how long the wait was, and she told me "10 minutes."  I responded in disbelief with an "excuse me, did you say 10 minutes?!"  After getting over the shock of there being no wait, I headed to the restroom since I had been sitting in a car for hours.  By the time I got back, my group was already seated!  I was AMAZED!This Boiling Crab location has the same look as the other ones I have been to in LA, but is just bigger...MUCH bigger.  This probably contributes to the wait not being as long here.  The food was identical to what I have had at the LA locations.  Since I have loved the food at the Boiling Crab, I loved the food here as well.  My wife and I split orders of king crab legs, shrimp, sausage and potatoes.  We typically go with the THE WHOLE SHA-BANG seasoning with everything, but changed it up and had the Rajun Cajun with the shrimp, sausage and potatoes.  The Rajun Cajun was good, but it was no WHOLE SHA-BANG.  Truthfully, we just didn't want to overdo the garlic while we were in Vegas, but next time we will go back to what we typically order.Eating at the Las Vegas Boiling Crab was the best experience I have ever had at a Boiling Crab.  Not having to wait or deal with pushy people waiting in line made dining here what eating out should be about, the food!  If I could, I would give this place more than 5 stars.  Since Yelp won't let me do that, I will say that this Boiling Crab is a must visit place if you are in Las Vegas.
5	First off...Im from socal and the bc here was great..before. Now a days it doesnt satisfy me as much as kickin crab...BUT.. while we were all in vegas..we decided..hey lets just try it out here. OMG!! this BC is AMAZING. I cant put my finger on it on why..but the taste is so much better then the one in oc! everytime I do go back to vegas..I have to stop by bc. I also tried hot and juicy... eh..that place aint for me. BC is big and has a big enough wait space for people to sit. MUST EAT HERE!!
5	I go here often with a group of friends and whenever friends come in to town for a visit we take them here as well as another excuse to go. This place is always a blast and the food is always on point. The price is fairly decent for what you get and the service has always been outstanding for us when we go but maybe thats just because they see us in here every week to every other week. You order by the half pound or the pound depending how much you can eat. I usually go with the sausage and the shrimp and throw in 2 corns with the "whole shibang" and it always hits the spot. The Cajun fries is something i tend to also order as another fav to add to my meal. Parking is easy as there is alot of it. The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming. Def a spot i think people need to check out.
4	Practically no wait for a fri nite which is great.  hopefully, it stays this way b/c it's still new... but not for long
2	Every time we come to Vegas we fulfill our crawfish cravings.  Up to this point we have only experienced Hot N Juicy crawfish.  After reading the reviews on boiling crab I felt confident we would have a great evening.  Sadly, that was not the case and at this point our experience has to be the worst dining experience we have had in 2012.   Let's start with the good.  We went on a Thursday and were seated right away.  We ordered a couple punds of crawfish 1 with the cajun spice 1 med and 1 mild some boiled shrimp and some fried shrimp and fries for our young son (2.5yrs).  The boiled food all came out together and was prompt and tasted good to great no complaints here.  Now the bad. First, the fried food came out at least 10-15 minutes after the boiled food so I was left managing a hungry toddler trying to keep him out of the spicy food.  We had to track down another server to get them to check on it.    Then we immediately ordered some additional boiled crawfish. After 15 to 20 minutes of no food and no server we sought someone out to figure it out. Another 10 minutes and our server shows up saying they must of sent our order to another table. She rushed our order and offered 25% discount. A nice gesture but sadly the poor service continued, as our toddler continued his downward spiral we tried to get our check and waited another 10 minutes.   Over all the service was lacking and inattentive.  The food was good but I found the crawfish to be a tad overcooked and hard to peel. I probably wouldn't have noticed that if I wasn't already upset by the poor service.    The crawfish were large and flavorful but the sauce spicy levels were hard to distinguish. Overall a disappointing experience.  We are headed back to hot n juicy on this trip to salvage our crawfish dining experience.
4	Place is really good, good atmosphere and food. Only downfall is I wish thy had more options in food and wish it wasn't so expensive on certain items of food.
4	Dont come here for fancy seafood but do come here for some market price seafood served in a plastic bag and eaten on the table lined with wax paper.  If you think that is tacky... then you'll miss out on some finger lickin good food.  Choose your own spices and heat of the spice - nice personalizations.King crab legs, shrimp, cajun fries and some corn... Tasty, messy... Wear something you don't mind getting a bit dirty... time to try the local one in Sacramento now.
5	There's noting I can add to the other five star reviews. I love the place. The ambiance, the staff, the food, everything about it is perfect. My record so far is two pounds of crawfish, a blue crab, a dungeness crab, two potatoes, corn on the cob, half a dozen oysters, and a few french fries. We were there for three or four hours. Never regretted a minute. Such a fun place to hang out and talk with friends. No pressure to roll over the tables or get your order in. Just relax, eat, chat, and have a great time.
5	Love the boiling crab. Everytime we go here we always have a great time and eat great food. The raw oysters are to die for! I usually get the least of the spicy, because there is still a spice to it no matter what. My son likes the fried food, and so do we! Service is pretty quick everytime we go. I have been to hot n juicy, but we tend to keep going back to boiling crab.
4	Crawfish, shrimps and calamari were all good sizes.  Servers are always friendly (been a guest three times).  The whole shabang is recommended.  If you have kids they can still have the whole shabang without spice.  The corn is so good that when ou take a bite, it just comes right off.
5	First timer here at the Boiling Crab and boy was I satisfied!! Food was great but a little pricy. Service was fast and on it! My family and I were thinking it was going to be a small portion but boy was I wrong. 1 lobster, 1 dungeness crab and 2 lbs of shrimp was enough for us. I will be definitely coming back here. 5 stars!
2	This place is overpriced and overrated.  For the price, I'd rather go to Rio's Village Seafood Buffet and have all you can eat crab, shrimp, clams, etc.  I wasn't impressed with the seasoning either but it is cool that you get a ginormous bib.
4	I have been to BC twice now, but I would have never even thought to try it if it weren't for the suggestion of my college classmate, who is from LA.Each visit, I have ordered 1lb of shrimp with sha-bang mild with an order of corn in the bag. I've also had the crab legs and lobster but although I have a taste for expensive eats, lobster and crab legs just don't do it for mel. I've sampled the crawfish too from a friend's bag but for me, there's no point to ordering crawfish unless it's the right season!But: the shrimp in sha-bang mild is a godsend. The sauce is a mixture of garlic and heaven and if you don't try it, you're sincerely missing out. Large, perfectly cooked shrimp with the head still on (eating tip: rip the head off, suck some flavor out, then peel and eat the shrimp meet. ::drool::).I love getting messy and eating with my hands, but of you've got a problem with that, BC probably isn't your place! Seafood orders come out in a plastic bag and after that: game on. Put on your bib, roll back your sleeves, and dig in!  I've also sampled the Cajun fries (addicting and delicious) the sweet potato fries, and the fried catfish. All wonderful!The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because our orders have been mixed up on both visits and overall, the service hasn't been five-star worthy.IMHO: Boiling Crab BEATS Hot 'N Juicy, hands down.
4	This is the place to go if you like seafood and don't mind messy eating. Oh and you'll smell like the sauce afterwards. This was my 2nd time coming here for dinner tonight. We ordered 1lb of shrimp (in shebang sauce, medium heat), 1/2 lb of shrimp (in garlic sauce, medium heat), gumbo with rice, and basket of sweet potato fries. I couldn't tell the difference between the sauces (mixed vs individual.. probably cuz of the strong garlic flavor). Shrimp is fairly large in size, gumbo was not bad, sweet potato fries were decent. The dining area is large and the wait staff was friendly. Parking is accessible as well. Overall I don't crave this type of food very often, but on the occasions where I'm in the mood, I will return to boiling crab.
4	First time here and it was definitely a treat. Went on a Monday night an hour before they closed and the service was wonderful. They didn't mind at all. The food was just as good as the service. I recommend you come early because if you want the king crab and the blue crab. Those sell out quick. The crawfish and snow crab were delicious. Only thing I didn't enjoy as much was the corn. It was overcooked. The flavoring was on point but it felt like I was eating baby food. I will definitely come back again to try that king crab; when my wallet recovers from the hit it took last night.
4	superb service, typical boiling crab awesome food (exactly like the LA branches) and all I can say is I wish they had a boiling crab in DC!!!!!!!!!!!
3	I had been wanting to try this place out for a long time. I love Hot N' Juicy, but they are considerably more expensive than this place. I will give you a couple of tips -The price is more expensive at Hot N' Juicy, but the tasty and quality is much better. You still reek of garlic for at least 24 hours after leaving this place. We ordered, 1lb each of the following -Dungeness Crab (this is a whole crab, and it is typically 2lbs or more)King Crab Snow CrabClamsThe only thing you'll get close to a pound is the clams. Everything else will be as close to a pound as possible. We also had 2 rounds of beers and our tab was a little over $100. That is a very reasonable price for as much as we got. I always recommend getting all of the flavors. The medium is pretty spicy, and I enjoy very spicy things. So if you like hot, get medium to hottest. The flavor here is good, but could be better. Also, a couple of legs for the kind crab were over cooked, so it made is very difficult to get it out. As much as you pay for a pound for King crab, it's very frustrating if it's not cooked properly. I did enjoy this place, and the service was good. I will probably go back, but I would always compare it to Hot N' Juicy's quality, but not complain about the price.
5	my good to place when I want to be comforted.  Only worth going if youre in the mood for seafood and don't mind eating with your hands, with a bib, and no utensils.  Depending on the mood I usually go for the fried calamari, 1# shrimp with the whole shabang and cajun fries med spicy.  LOVE THE FRIES.  * The only thing is after dinner we usually crave something sweet for dessert and we have to end up going to DQ or something of that nature.  Also don't plan on going anywhere afterwards if unless you want the smell of garlic to stay with you.
4	We were party of 12 and just waited for 5 mins before we got seated. The service was excellent and quick.  Everyone had their orders and enjoyed their meal.  I was still full from my dim sum breakfast so i just ordered Fried Calamari, it was perfectly cooked and very tender!  The sweet potato fries were totally enjoyed by everyone! Kids had a tummy full of shrimps!  Adults had clams, sausages & crawfish!Will definitely come back here...great for groups as you can share different stuff!
5	This place is super yummy! I really liked the whole sha-bang seasoning, so good!  Growing up in the South, I have high standards for Cajun seafood, and this place does not disappoint!  The seafood here is really fresh and plump. The crawfish and the shrimp were really big and came out piping hot.  The crab was really delicious too. I would definitely recommend adding corn and sausage to the bag and eating it Southern style.I was pleasantly surprised at how large the  restaurant is and how there was no wait.  I'll definitely be coming back!
5	OH MY GOODNESS!! I'M GETTING HUNGRY JUST WRITING THIS REVIEW!I wanted to try the BOILING CRAB IN LOS ANGELES, but, I heard about the long lines and wait. So, when I discovered on in Las Vegas and we had planned to go in a couple of week and NO LINES OR WAIT! i knew what i was going to do...Vegas here we come!!We arrived on a Monday!!  and set out..The place is big! plenty of tables and booths and NO LINES!!! NO WIATING! The staff greeted us at the door and lead us to a booth. SHe covered the table with a long sheet of paper aand put bibs around our necks and gave us the run down of the menu...But, I already menu...I've been looking at it online for days!We ordered 1 lb shrimp, 1 lb crab legs, 1 lb crawfish all smothered in SHABANG SAUCE! I also had them trow in corn and potatoes. Hubby had fried catfish basket wi cajun fries. I must say when all of that yumminess came to our table..we pounced on it as if ...we were waiting for weeks to try it!!THe shrimp were big and juicy, the crawfish and crab legs equally good. Love the Shabang sauce the seasoning is deep, flavorful, garlicy sauce with a kick. The catfish basket included 5 nice size pieces andwell cooked fries with cajun seasoning.We loved this meal so much, we came back again on Thursday! This time we had Shrimp (again...that good!), fried oysters and calamari, with potatoes and corn in the yummy shabang sauce!! The food is so good, I guess I will have to go to the L.A. restaurant...and wait!Oh the only dish it's missing is a Dessert...like a sherbert or ice cream to cool you off from the Spicy Sauce!
5	So many TVs everywhere, Boiling Crab puts Buffalo Wild Wings to shame.There was a perfect view of the game in every angle of the room. I went there for a NBA Finals game and I was stoked to see so many televisions. If this place wasn't a restaurant, I would assume it's a tv convention with all the tv's they have in there. Best part of my night, I ate for free because we had a bet on the game, and the loser had to cover the tab (Eat for free?? Oh yes, I LOVE it!).The food was great, service was even better. There are dozens of people on the floor scurrying around refilling drinks and serving countless bags of yummy shrimp, just waiting to be devoured by hungry guests. The shrimps are gigantic but the portions are pretty small. I had to order two bags for a filling meal.Oh yeah, make sure to take a sharpie or pen. Inside it looks like some severe graffiti took place, but the restaurant is OK with people writing on the walls. I regret not bringing one because I wanted to doodle all over the walls.One gripe: They are missing a sauce between medium and Triple X. Isn't there supposed to be a "hot" somewhere between that? Because Triple X is too damn spicy and medium is too mild. Oh, and I wish they had pitchers of beer. Ordering them individually takes out the fun. :[But I'm nip-picking here. This place is up there with Hot and Juicy for me, as far as the quality of food. However, in terms of service and venue, I would choose Boiling Crab in a heartbeat. It is so much roomier, faster and better service, and thousands of TVs. Food comes out in less than 5 minutes, 10 minutes if they are busy. I'm definitely coming here once football season starts.
4	This place is huge!  Donald Trump HUGE!  Good service.
5	Delicious. I just took pops there for father's day. He loves it too!  The corn on the cob in the bag with some shrimp and crab legs is unreal.
5	I just found this place, previously I had been going to 'Hot n Juicy', but I gotta say, I have a new found place! This place is way better. The atmosphere is better, the place is bigger and the food is better! I love their shrimp with the garlic sauce. Can't wait til I'm back in town and can stop here again!
5	Delicious, great value, great service, great mess!$100 for 4: 2lbs of clams, half-dozen oysters, 1lb of snow crab legs, 1lb of crawfish, half portion of sausage, 6 halves of delicious corn, 4 soft drinks w/ refills, tax & tip
3	Ehhh. The staff sucks, not happy and cool like at hot and juicy. Not much to look at either. The environment is not up beat and fun like h&j either. With that said this would be the difference between corporate America and an independent biz. Once hot and juicy goes corporate it will be the same shit. Ok now for the 3 stars. The calamari was 100% better then Hot and juicy. The clams were awesome. The gumbo was good. And u think the sauce was better. However the shrimp were all different sizes and on the smaller side. I like em big and juicy so over all it needs much improvement. Oh and no bread. I actually was told by waiters people bring their own...... I went over to food for less and bought a French bread. It was great.
4	The place is pretty big, decor by well, anyone with a marker or pen, shark that I swear used to hang in an old Joe's Crab Shack, and old helicopter blades made into ceiling fans (ok, maybe I made that up, but you check it out and tell me what else it could be!). ****Service is attentive and fast.****Order with an open mind, an open wallet, and the expectation of getting very messy. With a short, but sweet menu of boiled seafood and fried goodness, there is nothing less pretentious than being served hot plastic bags of food brought to you in buckets, rice in to-go containers and plastic utensils if needed. Being of the indecisive, yet I want to try everything, mind set, the "whole she-bang" of flavor choices seemed perfect and worked out well as the sauce in which the food arrived in. Flavorful and a bit spicy, the flavor penetrated the shells of the shrimp perfectly and left the meat tender. Use your hands to eat everything and satisfy your need to break the heads off helpless creatures, tear meat away from shell and bask in the juices spraying everywhere as you destroy your meal. Hulk hungry!! Then discard the useless parts on the table just like you used to do at mom's. It's finger, hand, wrist, forearm, elbow, chin, forehead-licking good. Be prepared for scores of Asians dining here and only one moist towelette per guest brought with the check; perfect to wipe off the hand which opens the door to the bathroom to wash up for real. And what do Asians have to do with anything here? Nothing, just a keen observation.Great for everyone on a first date.
5	I thought I posted this from my phone, but it's been sitting in my drafts =/ Sorry for the delay lol....I heard about this place from my cousins in California and recently found out that we have one out here in Vegas. We decided to go here for fathers day dinner and were in for a treat.The menu was small but it was your basics for seafood. A few varieties of crab to choose from, shrimp, crawfish, oysters, catfish, and for those that don't like seafood they had chicken fingers. What makes it yummy is the options you have for seasonings. I went with the whole shabang for my crawfish and was in heaven. We also ordered fried and raw oysters. I've never had fried oysters so I wasn't sure if I'd like it. As soon as we got the order I tried the fried oyster and it was sooooooooo good. It just melts in your mouth :)The service was great. Fast and friendly. If you happen to have a sharpie on you, you can decorate certain areas in the booth and around the restaurant. The prices are reasonable and the food is great! I will definitely be back for more :)
4	service is 8/10- they have a lot of servers serving other tables but it takes a lil bit to get back to you if you need something but they would check later if we needed water. crawfish 9/10 - Its preety awesome its not as oily as hot n juicy so I didn't have a tummy ache and the flavors were greatCrab legs 9/10- Awwwww man they were delicious and of course all crab is expensive but it hit just the right spot.oh and one more thing its automatic gratitude at the end of the check. you also get to write on the walls : )
4	I order the spicy crawfish and snow crab legs and both 8 out of 10! The price is same for one pound of crawfish $10.99 so I guess thats okay. I expected the crawfish to be mouth burning how I like it, but it wasn't.This place gets jam packed on Friday and Saturday so be ready to wait for 30 minutes for a table. The service is cool.
5	4 stars for being as good as the one in Houston, Tx and an additional star for no wait, scoreeeee!!
5	First off - I'm not a girl that is okay with mess. Not even a little bit. As such, it was tough for me to get on board with the idea of eating at a place that delivers saucy shrimp in a plastic bag - only for their patrons to then DUMP the contents onto their butcher-paper-lined tables. I mean, seriously - EW. But it was the touristy thing to do, so we took a trip to The Boiling Crab on one of our recent visits to the City of Sin. From the moment we entered, it quickly began to win my heart over. It was the little things, really. An area for you to leave your mark on the (Boiling Crab) world via a Sharpie marker, a la old school Gino's East establishments. Iced Green Tea on the menu. Super-fun plastic bibs that I couldn't resist donning almost immediately. And - could it be?! - sweet potato fries on the menu! SCORE!Unable to get past the ick factor of spilling out a bunch of shrimp juice onto my portion of the table - not to mention that I don't actually know how to peel my own shrimp - I opted for the much safer 'Fried Shrimp Basket.' It did not disappoint! Battered, but not overly so, and with a flavor that I've yet been able to match with other fried shrimp joints - I was not at all jealous of my dining companions (who were up to their knuckles in shrimp-y goodness). And, for the piece de resistance - the sweet potato fries. I would come here again and again for these alone. Thin cut, incredibly crispy, and salted to a science - I didn't want to share! They were perfect for alternating with the 'XXX Cajun Fries,' as those suckers were seriously spicy. Like embarrassed-because-you-thought-you-could-handle-it-but-you-coughed-after-taking-just-a-bite spicy. To top it all off, service here is always amazing. Servers are beyond friendly, and bring refills on your drinks before you even realize you need one. My only gripe? That they haven't opened any Boiling Crabs in the Midwest yet!
4	Crawfish and shrimp the whole sha bang is bomb either medium or xxx but beware xxx will I repeat will mess you up after eating it. The service is always hit or miss depending who is the server. Been there a couple times when they forget to put the order in and then play dumb and say its being made while everyone around is getting there orders, PS we aren't dumb so just be truthful and move on, ignoring it and then giving 10 or 15% off doesn't hurt me but it does hurt your business. If it wasn't for that happening in my last 2 visits then it could be 5 stars. So 4 stars on food only.
4	After going to almost all of the boiling crabs in the LA/OC area, I finally tried out the one in Vegas. I was surprised to find out that they were open so early on a Saturday. When we arrived around 1230, I was really shocked to see that there was no line! Our waitress was super nice and friendly. I didn't get her name, but she along with the other ladies working were great! I went with a group of friends and we took the BC virginity of 2 of them. Let me just say that after they took their first bite, they were not disappointed! For me the food was delicious. I ordered a Corona with lime to make the pound of shrimp taste even better! If you've never been to BC before I always order 1 lb. shrimp, whole shebang, medium with a corn! Absolutely delicious! Also get some Cajun fries too!Don't forget that this place is where you eat with your hands and yes, it does get dirty...
3	We decided to check this place out while on a recent trip to Sin City.  I was happy to see that it was located just a couple of blocks from our hotel.  I had been hearing about The Boiling Crab from my friends here in L.A. but hadn't had a chance to venture out and try them.Thankfully the Vegas location was not crowded at all.  I was a little worried about eating here on a Friday night when there was so much going on in town.  We got there at about 7:30pm and were seated right away.  We had:2 pounds of shrimp with mild Rajun Cajun seasoningCorn for one bag  Gumbo with riceFried Shrimp Basket Dos EquisWaterTotal = $54+ with tax and tipHighlights:-The prices are extremely reasonable given the amount of food you receive-The amount of food you receive is pretty impressive-Service was fast and friendly (only had to ask for something twice, one time)-Cool and clean decor-My corn was delicious!! Should have ordered more. Hmpf! Lowlights: - One has to get over the fact that you can actually see the "track" aka poop trail in the back of a lot of your shrimp- Tartar sauce was bland -The bulk of the flavor for the seafood is at the bottom of the bag, I kept having to dip my shrimp pieces in the sauce -Did they really just charge me $0.25 for water?!?!?!-Only 2 of the 3 bathrooms were working in the women's restroom (not sure if that is a good sign...) I know some folks didn't like the mess (or the whole head thing) and I guess that it is part of the experience.  It reminds me of some other crab places (Crab Pot in Long Beach) but with more mess and less flavor.I'm glad I tried it but there are some other places (Rockin Baja Lobster) that deliver less mess and way more flavor! Key tips = while you can come here on a date, please be prepared to get a little down and dirty.  Thank goodness for the bibs!
4	Watch out Hot N Juicy Crawfish, you have some competition in Vegas. Yes this is the same Boiling Crab as you can find in San Jose and Southern California. The one difference for the one here in Vegas is that there really is no wait (at least for the couple of times that I have been there). The Boiling Crab is a lot bigger than the ones in Southern California and now have a huge wall of tvs that will be great to watch any sporting event, especially once football season starts. You must get the whole shabang sauce (basically extra butter, garlic and spices) to marinate your selection of seafood. You can select how spicy you like, I usually get medium so I can still taste the seafood flavor of the shrimp and king crab legs. I am not a huge fan of crawfish so I usually don't order that. Other things that are must orders include corn and sausage (added to your shrimp), a side of rice to eat with the sauce, some fresh oysters to start, and maybe a fried fish basket with cajun fries. Overall, a great place to hang out with your friends, eat some great cajun seafood, grab some beers and watch some sporting events.
5	We went here like an hour before closing. A late dinner, but it was worth it. My friend ordered fried catfish, and it tasted good. We all ordered shrimps. The shrimps were fat and juicy. It is making my mouth water just remembering it. I ordered one pound of shrimp with all the sauces and garlic. Then for round two I ordered another pound of shrimp with all the sauces but half garlic and hot and spicy. The hot and spicy had that good burn. When you first eat the hot and spicy shrimp, you think it's alright but then the after burn kicks in. I love it. When I was done, I was sweating up a storm. It is like I ran 2 miles in 80 degree weather, and I'm skinny and a runner. I just alternated with the garlic and spicy, so my tongue won't fall off.  The place is good. Good location. Big parking lot. Friendly workers. You can write on the wooden walls. We even saw a drawing of Manning Pac Man on the wall.
3	Came on a Sunday evening, May 13, 2012.I'm from SoCal, so I'm no stranger to this chain.  A friend swears they have the best (cajun) fries, and I can't argue with that... yet.If you've never had crawfish, and you're in Vegas and wanting to try something new, this is a great place to wet your beak.  It's a little off the strip, so be forewarned.  The place is huge, and there are plenty of small TV's (though crappy quality, I never made a note in my phone about what brand).Many people like the shrimp, cause you get more meat for your buck.  But crawfish has a unique flavor, and I do recommend getting a pound to play with.  Yes, it's a lot of work for such a small morsel of meat, but it's more of an socializing activity for me than a dining experience.  A beer goes well with the spice.Arvin T swears the snow crab is the best.  He also raves about their sweet tea... idk why, I tasted his and it was ok.  But then again, maybe he knows his sweet tea, so give it a go if you're a fan.
4	Food here is good, service was okay we kept having to flag down someone... And the price on menu did not match our bill which is fine could have been server error.. Overall it is a good place to eat when you are in the mood for seafood.
4	The snow crab & corn in the whole shabang sauce was so tasty!  Service was great.  My hands smelled like that sauce for days.  I wasn't crazy about that.  I also didn't like the iced tea and the fact that they don't have Splenda.  Also, put paper towels in the bathroom, please!  Prices are high, so it will have to be an occasional treat.  Yum.
4	The Boiling Crab definitely fulfilled my seafood craving.  Service was friendly and the food came out fast!  GUMBO: not thick enough for my taste; the flavor was there but it could use more sausagesFRIED OYSTERS: yum!  The breading reminded me of Popeyes' fried chicken breading and they are large.FRIED CATFISH: so-soFRIES: crispy SNOW CRAB: my favorite part of the meal; these were easy to crack open and had great flavor to themCLAMS: tasty as wellSHRIMP: a bit mushy and the sauce did not adhere to them that wellDUNGEONOUS CRAB: expensive and not as fresh as the snow crabOverall, a fun experience, especially for large parties.  I will be back soon!
5	Okay... This has been a while in coming. I came in here just as they were opening on a weekday, and the place was empty, but people were coming in slowly. I was promptly informed that they were out of blue crab and only had frozen crawfish. No prob as I was here for the snow crab legs. Got seated promptly and waited on just as quick. I ordered the snow crab legs not spicy and with the whole sha-bang which I guess is Cajun, lemon pepper, butter and garlic. I also asked for 2 pieces of corn. Me loves corn.Everything comes in a big steaming plastic bag. The table is covered with a sheet of paper ripped off a roll and this paper is containment for the entire tables mess that's left when the meal is done. All the empty shells etc...are just thrown on the table and everything is picked up in one fell swoop. The waiter gave me a sheller and cracker tool. I also needed a fork to help get the meat out of the legs. Anyway... It was awesome. The flavor was magnificent. I could taste the old bay, the garlic, the butter...very very sweet tender crab. The corn made the meal even better. I consider myself a corn connoisseur. I hate when I get corn that has been soaking in a water bath for so long it is flavorless and soggy. This was crisp and soaking in the sauce just made it full of goodness. Oh the sauce... I used the eaten corn cobs to sop up the sauce and just kept sucking the sauce out of the cobs. The garlic chunks were so plentiful and soft I didn't know how much garlic I was eating... When I went to pick up my wife from work afterwards, she asked if I had leftover food in the car...that's how intense the smell was. My hands reeked of garlic for several days afterwards. I told her she needed to try the place...I couldn't wait to take her there so we went back that weekend. She really enjoyed it. So mucho that we took friends who were visiting a few weeks later. That third visit was the best one yet! That nights meal had the most crab of all found in the bag. Each leg was big and oh so tender. We really really love this place, and writing this makes me think tomorrow's dinner is going to be there. The only problem I have had in 3 visits was on the last visit with friends, I ordered the mild instead of not spicy. I asked for two pieces of corn, my wife asked for one. When the meal came the bag I was handed had one piece and my wife's had two, so we asked if it was just each others order and we just should switch bags. He said no...hers was correct and he took my bag back to get another piece of corn...well 20 minutes later everyone was in the middle of their meal and I hadn't gotten my food back yet. All for another corn. My waiter disappeared for 15 minutes so we had to ask another for my food. Anyway it turns out after talking with my wife that it was switched bags from the get go. She said here's was a bit spicier than she xpected. We like spice so it wasn't a problem, but the waiter messed up...no real biggie. Not going to keep me from going back. My friends who can be real picky loved it too. The husband who can be real proper sometimes, dove in head first. Not knowing how to eat crabmeat I showed him, and by the end of business his hands were bsolutely covered on sauce...wish I had my camera handy.
4	We ate at the Boiling Crab last night. We had a 3 lb lobster and 2 lbs of shrimp. They cooked them in a bag with potatoes and corn. No silverware, so we ate Louisiana style!Great fun!
5	I've been to 2 different Boiling Crab locations in Southern California, several times.  The food is always delicious, but this location gave, hands down THE best Boiling Crab experience I've ever had. We had a party of 23 on a Sunday evening (8/26/12) , so we were expecting even somewhat of a long wait...We waited not even 5 minutes, we had our own secluded area toward the back the back of the restaurant, and the service was EXCEPTIONAL! Not once did anyone in our very large party have to ask for anything twice.  I wish I had gotten the name of our main server, as well as the other 2 who assisted him, but if the rest of the staff is as nice and on top of things as our server was, it would even be worth the wait.Will definitely be back sometime when I am in town again!
4	I prefer the food at Hot N Juicy, but the atmosphere/interior of the Boiling Crab is tops (at least compared to the original HNJ location, I haven't been to their new location yet).The shrimp (about $10 a pound) was large. They still had their heads on, which can make for a memorable experience. I ripped one off and all the brains and extra stuff exploded all over me. Luckily I had their plastic bib on. The king crabs were excellent (roughly $25 per pound). It's tough to ever be disappointed with king crabs as long as their not overcooked. We got the whole sha-bang with both. That's a mixture of all their seasonings -- rajun cajun, lemon pepper, and garlic pepper. I loved how they had chunks of garlic in there. It made for a great dipping sauce. We also got corn and potatoes. Dip that stuff in the sauce and cover in garlic and you'll be in heaven.The place is huge. Plenty of tables, chairs and booths and TVs everywhere. It's a great place to watch football or just hang out with a group. They get extra points for having HD, unlike HNJ, where the reception was nothing but static.
5	Everytime I think of crawfish, this is one of the first places that come to mind. Place is pretty big and the food is amazing. When you want spicy, you will definately get spicy!! I think the flavors here are a bit more flavorful than Hot N Juicy, but both places are good in my book.Crawfish is a nice size esp for the time of season I went. I was shocked that they were as big as they were. The corn that comes in the bag is so sweet, but be careful though, bc if you ordered the spicy crawfish, your mouth will burn from the seasoning that rubbed on the corn. Also, the shrimps are nice and big too. If you want a lot of meat with less work then crawfish, then shrimp is your way to go, but I prefer crawfish.Can't wait to come back. I want a crawfish place like this up in Philly. Too bad the only places that carry an abundance of crawfish is at chinese buffets and they aren't as flavorful.
5	Same Boiling Crab I know and love in LA, except bigger space and no waiting.  Ordered the snow crab with whole shebang medium, fried oysters, and gumbo. Just as flavorful and satisfying as the original.
4	No matter what Boiling Crab & Hot and Juicy will always be compared to each other! Their menus & concepts are practically identical yet the 2 are quite different~ Atmosphere: I prefer BC! The restaurant is huge with plenty of TVs and I love how you can tag up their walls ~Service: BC wins! Their servers are always smiley & happy! I love how they put your bibs on for you~Quality: I think it's a tie! Both places have always had fresh seafood! Yummmmmy! And they usually have the same prices~ Corn/Potatoes/Sausage: For some reason they taste better at BC.. they just do! Special Sauce: I prefer the Hot & Juicy special sauce over the whole shabang! It has a stronger deeper flavor and you can definitely taste the garlic! BC can sometimes be way too salty for me..Overall, The Boiling Crab wins but not by that much! I still like to eat at both places ~
5	Was a Hot n Juicy fan at first, but then drifted over this way, and i have to say, this is the new place for me!  The atmosphere is much more comfortable and the food was great!  will totally be back!
3	The first BC in Vegas. But a very mediocre one if you ask me.I have had my share of Boiling Crab all over Southern California. They have all been enticing and delicious with great service! Unfortunately, Vegas failed to meet the previous standards that I have been set and met with.Fries were great. But of course, it's the same as everywhere else because I mean, who the heck can fail at frying fries??The shrimps were a disappointment. They were served cold. And because it takes time to finish your food, the shrimps got even colder. Colder as if they were simulated to be back in the ocean which they came from... I actually haven't been here for a while and almost forgot that BC is around because I  unfortunately did not like our local BC. I guess I'll have to give Hot n Juicy a tryout to my taste buds!
3	Consider this review a 3.5 because I did enjoy my meal here. We tried a bit of everything when we came here with a fairly big group.The fried catfish is hearty and they sure as hell don't skimp on portions. You could easily be full off of that alone, especially with the fries, which are pretty decent.We decided to order some shrimp as well as crawfish because we knew how frustrating peeling away those crawfish all night could be. When it comes to seasoning your crustaceans, I highly recommend "the whole shebang", which is a mixture of all their seasonings thrown together. I found the sauce absolutely delectable and was practically slurping it up off of my side of the table. The crawfish are...well...crawfish, which means that they can be difficult to peel apart for that tasty meat. It helped that I had my dexterous girlfriend with me who helped peel much of the critters for me. The shrimp were juicy and easy to eat but I definitely preferred the flavor of the crawfish. Try squeezing some lime in there for added flavor.I walked away from the meal feeling rather full and bloated and licking the sauce off my fingers. It's good food but I just can't bring myself to give them the 4 star rating. Something is missing-- maybe it's just that hint of authenticity that you look for in real cajun cooking. But at the end of the day, I do endorse this franchise as worthy of your business. Eating here is a lot more fun than going to TGIF's or Applebee's and you'll want to come back and repeat the experience soon.
3	This place is spacious, and parking is not an issue compared to Hot & Juicy. This place could of get 5stars but sometimes the service sucks. After getting my food not once did we see our server except for the fact that it was time to pay. No refills, or hows the food?
4	With so many of these joints opening up around the valley, it is getting down to the minute details and preference. After hearing so many rave reviews from friends, I had to experience it for myself.Originally, my group was suppose to be larger, but a few backed out last minute. As with most restaurants, they prefer the whole party to be present before seating. The hostess was sweet and offered me a water while I waited and checked on my parties status a couple of times. When some friends dropped off, she sat me since the party shrank enough to not have to move any tables.The food was on par with the other places, but the prices were cheaper. Most of the items are comparable, but the crawfish were dirt cheap. We got 2lbs for $12. I normally don't order them because the meat to shell ratio tends to leave little reward for cost, but at this price it didn't matter.
5	I've been here a few times now, just forgot to write a review.Service is pretty good, you will be helped by multiple people, not just one.  I did have to ask for refills, but that is partially my fault for ordering XXX and drinking like a fish lol.If you have never eaten at a place like this, the atmosphere is kind of disturbing.  When you walk in, all the tables are covered with scratch paper like they used to do for us in art class when we were 5yrs old.  Everywhere you see, people eating an unimaginable amount of seafood in plastic bags.  And no where to put the shells, except right onto the table next to your food.  I REALLY wish they did the empty bucket thing like at Joes crab shack (not nearly as good food wise, just stating the idea) so that you could discard and keep clean.  Maybe I am pretentious.So now that I got that outta the way, how is the food?  Must be good to still get the 5 star review lol.The food is amazing.  The prices are fair, and the sauces are packed with flavor.  I LOVE hot food...I ordered the XXX, and I admit, this was hot.  I will keep my Thai food and others as hot as possible, but this XXX was actually a little distracting...I will order XX from now on.  We always order the "all of the above" seasoning, although it becomes a little salty towards the finish line.The crab is very good, I have tried pretty much all the varieties, as well as the shrimp and crawfish.   I'd probably say I enjoy the shrimp the most.  I really like the corn, how they toss it in the bag with the seafood...best corn ever.  We usually order a basket of fries as well, since they are large enough to share and fill in the gaps between seafood bites.If you are looking for good seafood, check it out!
3	Last winter, my friends asked me if I wanted Boiling Crab and I was shocked to think that they'd go so far for it. Apparently, while I was away for college, a location sprouted up in Vegas as I enjoyed the shrimp from its SoCal counterparts. Right, duh, I knew that.Fast forward about eight months later, we finally put on our bibs and started peeling shrimp. Got my usual order of one pound of shrimp with the whole shabang of seasonings and XXX for the heat. Perhaps my tolerance for heat and spices went up, but the XXX seemed really tame! I also love eating the chunks of cooked garlic in between preparing my next seafood sacrifice. Their Cajun fries are seasoned well like their marine friends, and their sweet potato fries also make great accompaniments.Considering it was a late afternoon lunch and didn't seem that busy, I thought the service was lacking a bit. It took a while to flag down the waiter for water then the bill. I've had more attentive service at busier Boiling Crabs that were practically overflowing with people. Overall, this is a 3.5 star review, with 3 for the service and 4 for the food.
4	best crawfish place in town.get the whole shabang u wont be disappointed
5	We had crawfish and more crawfish here. The finger dipping, sucking, crunchy experience for me and my family was an invigorating experience for me and my family. One we would love to repeat.
3	3.5 stars They did not have any fresh crawfish, only frozen but they tasted fine ! The crab was 15 a pound and we got the biggest one they had, but honestly, I rather just go to a buffet and eat all the crab I want.I just love the whole sha-bang sauce!! so unhealthy but soooo good.also loved the oysters (yum yum) and the clams.Bf ordered the wings (cajun) which are really good but I get sick of them after about 2. Wish they had gloves tho like other places do, only b/c cuts on ur hand STING when u squeeze those lemons.
5	whole shabag Sauce is the best!!! Huge Crawfish and great crab. Similar to Hot N Juicy but much more space.. Love it !!!!!
5	You will not go wrong! You will get messy!!
5	This review is strictly about the clams. My family and I went and ordered 2 lbs. of fresh clams (amongst other things). IT WAS AMAZING. The clams were so fresh, juicy and PLUMP!!! and complemented by the sha-bang sauces, we definitely felt $10 a pound of these clams were a STEAL! I dont' recommend ordering the crab despite the fact that it's called Boiling Crab because often times, the crab smells and it's not because they're frozen, but because they die and the cooks don't even notice. Also, don't order the crawfish unless you've never had it before. As most people would say, crawfish meat is probably the size of your pinky and it's not worth the entire bang for your buck. Order a pound of clams instead. =) I'm still reminiscing how meaty they were!A couple things about this particular location: It's a large open restaurant but they don't use their floor space very well. By the time it's 7pm, primetime for dinner, many people are standing in line and yet, the restaurant itself still has floor space to put more tables and chairs but the staff doesn't.There's also a lot of bench-seats but they're uncomfortable =/ While these long benches deceivingly look like they could seat a lot of people, those could probably only seat 4 people max especially since you're going to be battling for elbow space as you chicken-pose to prevent the juices from splattering onto your sleeves/clothes!!
5	- Hot 'N' Juicy and The Boiling Crab have great cajun-sauced seafood.   - H'n'J if you want a lively crowd in a cozy eatery that's been featured on "Man vs Food."  TBC if you need lots of elbow room and space and you want to taste Cali's take on the food (TBC is a chain out of California).
5	My favorite place to grub, by far! Definitely pick the Whole She-bang for your sauce, and mild-medium heat is always good. I usually get a pound of snow/king crab legs and a pound of shrimp, along with rice and buttered corn on the side. Try and pour some of the sauce on your rice, mix it with some butter from the corn and it just tastes divine. We always end up ordering so much food from here because we take the sauce home and eat it with rice the next day. Food is always great, service is fast and servers are helpful with any questions. And seeing as I've gone twice this week alone.....
4	So when I lived in the Bay Area, the nearest BC was an hour away, and you had to get there super early. If you didn't, or just missed the first seating, you'd be subjected to about a 1/5 - 2 hour wait. The San Jose BC workers were also mostly teenagers who liked talking to themselves as opposed to following up with what customers wanted. To avoid this, I'd end up going to similar places (Red Crawfish, Crawdaddy, making it at home etc.), but nothing really compared to that whole shebang flavor. This is why the Las Vegas BC is definitely a welcomed change of pace - the workers are young here too, but they are really on top of things. The dining room is also huge with 30+ flat screens showing a ton of different things - sports, cartoons, news, etc. Food is just as good without the hefty wait, and if there is a wait, the waiting area is indoors with a bunch of TVs as well. Looks like this is a popular place to have big group outings and celebrations, too. They also don't charge 25 cents for water like other BCs do.. at least for now :P
4	One night as I was laying in bed thinking about the great state of Maryland and its many cities and towns bordering the Atlantic water, I started to get a craving for a crab or two. So tonight my sister and I visited this place in search for a great crab. She ordered a dozen raw oysters and a bag of shrimp. I asked for a Dungeness crab and sweet potato fries. First, delicious fries!!!! My last meal on Earth will have to be a few of these fries. My crab was good but I wasn't impressed. My sister thought the oysters were too big since she prefer small-sized ones so that they don't taste and smell too overwhelming. We enjoyed the shrimp with their shabang spices. Overall, I will come back for the fries!
4	The Boiling Crab was a cultural experience for me. I had NEVER EVER ordered food by weight before, but I have to say....I LOVED IT! I had the Shrimp with everything sauce and it was DIVINE!! I had them make it super spicy (I like the burn :D). The place was super loud and noisy, which was perfect for the party I was there for. Service was a bit overwhelmed, but there were alot of us, and I think that would've happened regardless of where we went. I tried the crawfish, but there really wasn't much to try on there. The fried calamari was pretty bomb. Oh and expect to get dirty, VERY VERY dirty. No silverware. You have been warned.
3	Our first visit.  We shared two pounds of shrimp and they were tasty, hot and flavorful.  We found the Cajun fries were not hot or crispy.The service was fine, plan on using a bunch of napkins as you have to unpeeled the shrimp,messy but fun.  Our shrimp was served minutes before the fries which was just poor management of allowing partial orders to be delivered to tables, maybe this is why the fries were past their prime.Maybe next time we will try the crab or lobster.
3	My rating might come as a surprise to some since they know I live and die for the Boiling Crab.  If I had reviewed them on my visit before this last one, I would have given them 5 stars, however they fell quite short on this last visit and unfortunately I've only become obsessed with Yelping recently.The service was great.  We got seated right away despite it being pretty busy.  The server was attentive and nice, although they didn't bib us, to my great disappointment.  In fact, they brought out all our food before giving us bibs so then they had to bring them out and we put them on hurriedly while holding back from salivating all over the table. My number one complaint is the food.  I ordered shrimp and king crab legs with the Whole Shabang sauce.  It had been a while since I had eaten there but I remember the taste of the Whole Shabang sauce like it was yesterday.  The sauce from the other night was NOT the same.  It was tasteless, like the chef forgot to put salt in.  I had coat my seafood with lime juice and use the salt and pepper shaker.  The shrimp were a little overcooked and tough.  On the bright side, the meat from the crab legs were tender and yummy but it just wasn't enjoyable because the sauce lacked flavor.  I was severely disappointed because since my friend and I had nailed down our plans the night before, I had been dreaming of that delicious stinky salty spicy flavor and it just wasn't what I had built up in my mind.  I will have to try Hot N Juicy again and do a comparison.  Maybe it was just an off night.  I'm more than willing to go back and try again!
5	Came here around 6pm with a party of four to celebrate birthdays: mine and my boyfriend's dad's. I often frequent the Alhambra and Garden Groove locations in SoCal so I was pleasantly surprised when I was promptly seated on a Saturday night. This location is spacious with both booths and tables. Even when we left, there was only one party waiting. Last week in LA, my friends came around the same time on a week night and we easily waited an hour. Wait time is my biggest obstacle between me and my crawfish. The service was great. In LA, the servers just seem a little more frazzled. Last summer, I tried Hot N Juicy on my way home from Yellowstone. I was wary of the mixed reviews but had a good experience with good service. But I remember telling my best friend that Boiling Crab was better because the sauce had more garlic and more flavor. We ordered 2 lbs of crawfish and 1lb of clams, both mild with garlic sauce. The only thing you can order a half pound of its the shrimp. I counted about 18 clam shells which was much more than I thought we would get for 1lb. I have defaulted to mild now, which surprisingly still slightly has spice. Everyone I know gets the Whole Shebang seasoning but my boyfriend and I both agree that you can't discern the different flavors. To us, the flavors become muddy. I don't know why "garlic butter" is now "garlic sauce" but it's my go-to seasoning. The garlic chunks were softer at this location than the socal ones. This wasn't necessarily bad, it was just different. My boyfriend's dad was devouring the crawfish at a rapid rate. Seems like I picked the perfect place for us to celebrate his birthday. His mom had fun taking pictures of the restaurant, especially the hanging shark wearing a bib. She even took a bib as a souvenir. They asked me to send then the address so I'm thinking they like this place as well. FYI: Even though you can write on the wooden walls (good luck finding any empty space), there is a sign mentioning the $100 fine for writing on the booths, floors, off tables.
1	Ok, so let's just say Boiling Crab wasn't my first choice today. I had been here once before and was mildly satisfied. I mean, who charges for water?!! Even if it is just twenty five cents per cup (with refills)! Amd the flavor was "ok"   Anyways, I stopped by Cravin' Cajun, which is always my FIRST CHOICE, but they didn't have clams. I was craving clams so I suggested to my boyfriend, "Let's try Boiling Crab again, give em another shot." "Ok" he says. So we find ourselves back at BC. A mistake again. Never coming back here ever!! Watery, bland flavor in both my clams and crab. Oh, wait. They did stop charging for water, though. Maybe I'm just spoiled by Cravin' Cajuns abundance of savory flavors. Hmmmmmm...
5	So I am giving this place 5 stars because I gave Hot and Juicy Crawfish 4 and this was so much better. First off it's bigger and I don't feel all squished up close to people I don't know. Especially since this could get messy. The bathrooms are bigger, there is only two single at Hot and Juicy, OK and it's just weird there. On to the food, we liked it better. When you pick a spice it's what your getting. The spice level is spot on how my waitress described it. The clams were so delicious, they may have been the best I have had. We also got lobster, yum, cooked perfectly! My daughter loved her shrimp and the sausage. Everything was perfect and our server was super helpful and attentive!The only negative thing I can say is when I ordered my lobster, it would have been nice to have the server actually share this information with me before hand, my lobster was a nearly 4 pound monster!! So beware of ordering and be mistaken on the price. The lobsters are huge. Still it's too good to take away a star for this. Can't wait to go back and probably still order the lobster. My husband is also driving me crazy, every time I ask him what he wants to eat he says The Boiling Crab, it used to be Hot and Juicy Crawfish.
4	Great eatery with great food. Mst try this place if you haven't already. I much prefer it over H&J. No long wait and much better customer service. The sauce is better and your hands don't stink for two days after eating here like H&J. Price is also better.
4	Great food, everyone should try the gumbo with rice.  Lots of Tv's for the guys, which was perfect!
5	i absolutely love boiling crab.  growing up on the beach eating crabs, this is like my dream come true kind of place.  i love seafood and i don't mind getting my hands dirty tearing apart shrimp and crab legs.   it's also way better than hot and juicy imo
4	Imported from SoCal...this place is huge so there are plenty of tables. It's another place to hit up around lent or when you're simply craving for some good seafood (crab legs, blue crab, mussels, crawfish, lobster, shrimps, etc.).  The food is good and just like Hot n Juicy.  They have all sorts of shellfish in different sauces and spice levels.  Their spice level is a bit spicier than HnJ though. The garlic butter lobster is slightly better at HnJ.  You get a bib and rolls of paper towels.The interior looks more inviting and kid-friendly compared to HnJ.  So, if screaming and obnoxious kids bother you, go to HnJ.  There's a shark on the ceiling, lighthouses, nets, etc.  Service is not so consistent.  These are reasons why they earned 1 star less than HnJ.
1	The food is okay but service can improve, A LOT.FOOD (first order)1) Catfish Basket with Fries (Med heat) $10:  Best thing! The basket comes with large pieces of fried catfish.  They taste amazing, tender, and extremely moist ^_^ The fries are crisp on the outside and soft on the inside (my fave way to eat it!).  The Med seasoning is a dry season and was pretty good as it had a teeny tiny kick but you can still taste the food.2) Gumbo with rice $6: Dont get this item.  Totally not worth it!! The gumbo was pretty bland that I had to put in a ton of Tabasco to make it taste like anything.  They barely give you any rice (please see the Service note below). 3) 2 lb. Crawfish (She-Bang seasoning and Med heat) $10/pound:  When the bag was first placed on the table, all you see are super large crawfish soaking in a bath of liquid yumminess.  Then you grab one and is let down that there isn't even a small kick to the Med heat.  And the more you dig in, the more you notice the crawfish are smaller and smaller.  Yes i understand that it is still by weight so its not like you're getting cheated... but I want big ones and that's that!!FOOD (2nd round of orders): 1) Chicken Tender with Fries (XXX heat) $7:  The chicken tenders aren't anything special and the pieces are not large (but at least they weren't small lol).  Same fries except the XXX seasoning was all heat and no taste.  2) 2 lb. Crawfish (She-Bang seasoning and XXX heat) $10/pound: So i should have explain their heat level earlier - the XXX is suppose to be the hottest one as its stated on the menu "Cant feel my mouth" and the level right above that is the Med... They need to figure out something to go in between the Med and XXX.  The XXX was indeed spicier then the Med but if you're a restaurant you should know that a hot level should still mean you maintain the taste of your food! There was so much cayenne/chili pepper in the dry XXX heat that you couldn't taste any of the food.  All you get is a coating of dry power that overwhelm your taste buds.  I would like to make a point that is probably not that important but for me I feel like its something worth noting... They only give you one corn when you purchase at least 2lb. bag of crawfish. Which is fine... but where is the potato!?!? Yes I know this isnt Hot n' Juicy... but where is it!?!?!SERVICE:Where should I start... So our server didnt introduce himself so i'm only assuming his name is Spencer since it was on our check which may not be correct since half way through another waiter assisted us. He wasnt really friendly as we had to ask about pricing for everything.  I'm sorry, if I'm inquiring about pricing, wouldn't you assume i would like to be inform and you should be nice to let me know instead of me having to pull teeth????Our waiter talked my fiance out of ordering the XXX the first time around, which is fine and we took it as friendly advice.  However, when we got our Med heat orders we wanted something spicier, we asked if we can get a small side of the dry XXX seasoning so we can get more kick.  We were told he cant do that but if we wanted to order something else such a side order of corn, I can get the corn in a big soaked with liquid XXX sauce... great so if I want to season my food to my liking, you're going to make me buy more... right... This annoys me the most since he was the one convincing us not to order the XXX in the first place.  Anyway moving on... I ordered the Gumbo with Rice and I didnt get gumbo with rice.  The whole reason for going to Boiling Crab was cause I was craving rice with lots of sauce!  And what could satisfy my craving for saucey rice?? Gumbo! but nope, didnt even hit the stop.  I had to stop another waiter and tell her that I didnt get my correct order.  Instead of just bringing me a cup of rice, she takes my whole cup back to the kitchen and comes back with it...when i get my cup back, it looked like someone took 1 spoonful of rice and dumped it in.  I didnt realize rice was such an expensive item that I cant even get more than 1 spoonful.  So after all this interaction, our waiter comes by and ask us how we were doing.  My fiance being the nice guy that he is says everything is great where I said things werent so good.  I'm pretty sure our waiter thought I was being sarcastic since my comment came after my fiance and it assume it was though "oh its awful but i'm still stuffing my face that's its obviously amazing food"... nope, I didnt say it like that or mean it like that.  He just walks off like nothing happened.  So i'm writing this review a few hours after my visit to Boiling Crab... and in our group only three of us had their "fresh" crawfish... and now all three of us arent feel so well.  That sums up my extremely delight experience and will never stop back in that place and any of their other locations.  EVER.
5	I've been wanting to try the boiling crab for so long and finally did this week. I'm from New York, and we don't have one on the east coast. This past Tuesday, I was in Vegas with my bf and parents, and decided to take a cab from Cosmo to the Boiling Crab. It was quick, only 10 minutes away. Once we walked in, we were immediately greeted by a waiter and the smell of spicy goodness. We were seated in a booth near the window. We ordered 2 lb crawfish, 1 lb shrimp, 1 lb clams, 1 king crab, and 1 dungeoness crab all in the medium sha-bang flavor. It was so delicious and perfectly seasoned/spiced. We also ordered the catfish, which was so worth it for $10. All the food was washed down w/ bud lights. After coming back to NY, I'm still thinking about how good the food was and cannot wait to go back to the west coast to have it again. Well done, boiling crab!The only thing weird was this is a family environment and the music they were playing wasn't the most appropriate (Rihanna-Pour it up, Kendrick Lamar, etc). I didn't mind because I wasn't with any kids, but there were many tables that included families with young children.
5	I've been to this place... 2 or 3 times and I can't get enough of their CRAB.. and SHRIMP....Great stuff... I love getting my hands all messy and licking my fingers with all the saucy liquid in the bags.  My server, Spencer was there... GREAT guy!!  I brought my friend Emelio and he was "blown Away"....  LOVED it... we cracked ate and devoured the delicious Dugeness crab and had 2 orders of white rice with it. YUM!!   Fantastic Meal...Wonderful Service.. Clean Place.....
5	Best seafood spot in Vegas,  hands down!!! I personally think that Boiling Crab is blowing hot n juicy completely out of the water.High quality seafood in a super lay back atmosphere... whats not to love!!!I have been here many, many times and the service was always great (unlike hot n juicy), I tried everything on the menu and there is not a single item that I didnt like!The shrimps,  clams and crawfish are bigger than hot n juicy, you get more snow crab legs in your order and I think the sauce is better, more flavorfull and complex.Ask for extra juicy!You get a free corn on cob with 2ibs of crawfish, I cant get enough of those sweet, spicy, chunky little creatures and their creamy delicious brains!!!I can never decide which is my favorite between, dunjunness crab, snow or king crab. They are all awesome.The lobster is the bomb too. So much to eat in one order, huge!!! Easily feed two persons.I am also a big fan of their fried items: catfish, cajun fries, sweet potatoes fries even the chicken tender is a great item. I always ask for a side of sugar to put on my sweet potatoe fries... yum yum yum!!!I came here last sunday (easter) and didnt had to wait to be seated.My niece learned how to peal her first shrimps, awwww I am so proud, she loves crustaceans as much as her auntie!Also I never have to ask for an ice tea refill because the staff is always on top of their game. Yelping about this place makes me hungry... I cant wait to come back asap!!!PS: If you are a girl and need to get your nails done,  wait after.
4	If you are from LA and love eating BC but hate the minimum two hr wait then I recommend coming to this one. This place is HUGE! and they have TVs everywhere! The servers were nice an friendly. Sharing with one other person we got:1lb Shrimp - Mild whole sha-bang1lb Clams - Mild whole sha-bang - I prefer this over the shrimp because its easier to eat and more flavorful. Corn- Lemon Pepper - Super butteryFried Catfish with french fries. - YUM and even if you don't order the fish you should order a side of fries.Ive also had their gumbo which I wouldn't recommend. Has a kind of asian medicine taste to it.Overall everything was good! beats having to wait in LA
5	The theme to our trip seemed to be nothing but crappy service, until we went here!Our waiter was so nice and helpful.  I liked that they tied the bibs on you, it is the little things that make a difference. Kept our glasses full, and checked in on us regularly.We got a pound of shrimp, two orders of corn and potatoes in the Whole She Bang sauce, mild spicy, which was the way to go. As well as a bowl of gumbo with rice.  The gumbo was SO good.  Packed full with okra, shrimp and sausage. I have been to that other place people compare this one too. And I will say, I liked this one more. I wasn't over loaded with TVs showing sports.  And it was as if they were playing my iPod, which I loved. I was disappointed that they don't open until 3. We pulled up at 2, found out they weren't open but were starving, so drove through and grabbed a taco at el pollo loco next door, then wasted some time at a store then returned.I am very excited that there are several of these around where I live in CA, and will be going to one of them out here to get my fill before my next trip to Vegas.
4	Boiling Crab vs Hot & Juicy ... that seems to be the debate in Las Vegas ... I've been to both and I always choose boiling crab.  If you visit here anyday other than holidays they usually seat you within 10-15 minutes.  To me, waiting for a table is the worst and at H&J the place is sooo small you are guaranteed to have to wait easily over 30 min.  I know Hot & Juicy opened another location down the street, but I've never had a reason to check it out.  Disclaimer is that the service at BC is hit or miss ... sometimes it's great and other times you wonder if you paid already because you haven't seen your server in forever.  My advice if you want some good crabs crawfish and shrimp ... don't wait ... choose boiling crab and get the whole SHA-BANG
4	It was simply the most flavorful food I have ever had. I had King Crab, with shebang sauce, mild with rice. I cannot describe how delicious  the meal was. However, the service was BAD. LIke comically bad. I didn't get a spork with my rice. I asked the waitress for a spoon or a fork.  She kinda rolled her eyes at me and snapped, "for what?" I pointed to the rice and she tossed a spork in my direction. Did not offer refills on our drinks and she was just generally rude. She didn't bring out the food. The bill was $31.25. I wanted to pay for it myself so I could ask for all single. She saw the two twenties in my hand and said, "I can take that up for you. Do you need change back?"WHAT? YES! I NEED CHANGE BACK!!!This loony broad thought I was going to leave her a 29% tip???? I tipped her $4.53. Because that was 15%. But, the food was fantastic!
3	Call me crazye, but I like Hot N Juicy more than Boiling Crab! We ordered the clams, shrimp, and a whole lobster. We tried The Whole Shebang sauce and it had an overly excessive amount of garlic. HUGE chunks of garlic, which was really unappetizing. Also, we felt the lobster was a bit over cooked.The restaurant is large with A LOT of flat screen TVs, so it's good if you want to come for the big game.Also, the service was HORRIBLE. Not just from one person, but from everybody!! We got the saucy spicy, so any logical waiter would know that we would probably need a lot of water during our meal. There was probably a period during our meal when a waiter didn't come by for 15 minutes! We literally had to stop eating because we were so thirsty and didn't have anything to drink. You will probably see me at Hot N Juicy from now on.
4	I decided to eat here with my gf because we wanted to see what the alternative to Hot & Juicy had to offer. But we had to wait because they don't open until 3pm, which sucks if you're part of the lunch crowd. They've got a much bigger, better location here. It's spacious, with lots of booth and table seating spread out. We got a booth and they put down a large sheet of butcher paper to protect the table during the meal. I didn't want to overeat like I always do, so we ordered a pound of shrimp - with the "all of the above" seasoning with mild spice - along with an order of corn and 2 orders of red potatoes. Since we were starving, I broke tradition and got an appetizer of the gumbo with rice. Gumbo was good, nothing that blew me away. Definitely get it with the rice because it's pretty soupy even with it. Good flavors, a decent amount of shrimp and sausage, but I wouldn't necessarily order it again. The shrimp came out with all the goodies in the bag. Corn tastes amazing after it's been soaking in there for a while. Our shrimp were hot & tasty. I think I like Hot & Juicy's seasoning mix a little more - I recall it being a bit more flavorful and savory, but this is just as good. I like to cut my potatoes open at the art of the meal so they can cool off a bit, then I dunk the halves into the juices at the bottom of the bag. This is extremely delicious and I recommend you do the same. Our server was great, made sure we were well tended to since once you start eating your hands will likely be covered in tasty juices. Unless you bitch out and wear gloves while you eat. Please don't so that; it makes you look weird. Man (or woman) up and eat it like you're supposed to.
5	I haven't feasted at a boiling crab in so long, and Vegas happened to have one, might as well indulge, and the Vegas location did not miss a beat. It offers the same quality and flavors as the ones in SoCal minus the long waits......and I believe the reason for that is because this has to be the largest BC I have been to, I have heard the stories of Rowland Heights having a large location, but the one in LV is quite large with a bazillion LCD TVs plastered everywhere so you don't miss anything going on in the sports world. Service was good, but the food came out rather slow, hmmmm, but when it did, it was fantastic. I love the whole sha bang which in my opinion is the staple of this establishment that other restaurants try to copy but seem to fail because they all can't seem to figure out the measurements and probably some other stuff lol.My shrimp was cooked pretty well, except for probably the last 2 or so but by then I was stuffed. Also I tried the Whole Shabang sauce on some white rice, pretty damn good, I recommend you try that.
4	OMG....everything was yummy.  We had king and snow crab legs, shrimp, crawfish and cajun fries.  We ordered everything as the "whole she bang".  Quite tasty just wish there was more heat.  All of the food was cooked to perfection but the service was not great.  It took me ten minutes to get a refill on my daughters drink.  I will definitely go back for the food and hope the service improves.
2	**Confession: Hot & Juicy Crawfish literally blows Boiling Crab outta the water!!! No I don't work there or own any stock in the company.***After all of the rave reviews that I've read & heard about from friends, I decided to give the Boiling Crab a try. My first visit to Hot & Juicy was literally 2 weeks ago, so despite my typical high alcohol intake, the experience was still fresh in my mind.Like Hot & Juicy, a friend & I also visited Boiling Crab on a Friday night. The place is pretty big, with TVs all around. STRIKE 1: It wasn't crowded (or @ full capacity) and the wait was minimal (7-10 mins). That shoulda been a sign to get in our cars & drive up the street to Hot & Juicy, but it wouldn't have been fair to leave without even walking inside, right? STRIKE 2: The server was ok, but he definitely wasn't as fun or friendly as any other servers I had recently encountered. I ordered shrimp & crabs @ XXX spice level, with the whole shabang (Cajun, lemon pepper, & garlic sauce). My friend ordered fried calamari & crawfish @ medium spice level w/the whole shabang. Anyone who knows me (or has read any of my reviews) knows that alcohol is always an important part of my meals. As usual, I had already indulged in some vino before we arrived and was hoping to keep the party going by keeping the liquor flowing. STRIKE 3: This place only sells beer. No wine! I asked if we could bring in a bottle & have them uncork it for us, but that wasn't an option either.  I'm not a big beer drinker so I think I opted for raspberry ice tea instead. I was obviously already tipsy cuz I hate iced tea! What the heck was I thinking? The goal is to continue the buzz, not kill it! Why was I even still there after 3 strikes? 3 strikes & you're out, right? Blame it on the al-al-al-al-co-alcohol! Anyway, food finally comes out & in my opinion, it was just ok. The shrimp didn't seem as fresh (one should not have to fight w/the fishies @ the table) as those @ Hot & Juicy and the seasoning is nowhere near as savory! My friend said the calamari was dry & the crawfish was also just ok. Don't remember what kind of crab we got, so it was obviously forgettable.Needless to say, I was pretty disappointed and haven't decided if I would even visit any of the other locations to make a comparison. Granted, I had an amazing time @ Hot & Juicy during my initial visit, so it would be difficult for any other place to add up in comparison.My advice is to run like the wind to Hot & Juicy Crawfish where you can get fantastic food, fabulous service, & vino to go with your meal!
4	I have been to Hot n Juicy so many times that I wanted to expand my horizons and finally tried Boiling Crab.I first thought this would be a rip off HnJ type of joint. But after reading the yelpers reviews, I knew I had to try it.1.  Parking - A lot more parking selection compared to HnJ locations!2. Seating - Hella lot more room at this place and therefore, they are able to handle many more people, size of parties.  This is an added plus.3.  Service - Just like HnJ, very friendly staff. The only difference i notice is that here, it seems like low down fun and being part of the fun and at HnJ, it seems to be all about the "cult" of HnJ.  Both very cool, good staff, just had a good time here4.  Food - We had the Shrimp, Crawfish, Filet of Fish, Sausage and Corn on the Cob, Sweet Potato Fries.  All I can say is WOW.  We had guests from Atlanta and from Rome, Italy with us and they absolutely loved it.  That is saying alot in the great seafood capital of Rome and how much our guests loved this place.5.  So Casual - I love the low down shorts and flip flop style relaxation mode of this place!6.  Ambiance - From the multitude of TV Screens showing plenty of sports, to the wood paneled walls where you can scribble on and do your graffiti, the place hits the spot when it comes to creating the perfect ambiance to get down and dirty with some serious shellfish.GK says this place is pretty awesome and check it out.
3	I have become a Creole/Cajun food lover!  My friend and I conducted our own food competition between HnJ and BC.  HnJ took the cake, but I did enjoy my meal so much here!  I ordered crab legs here and they were very good.  Not as juicy as I like, but still good.  And they were a bit tougher to crack open.  I ordered mild and that cleared my sinus since my allergies were out of control that day.  I also ordered Cajun fries, which I couldn't stop eating.  The seasoning is just right and had a nice kick.  Pricing is market price, so it fluctuates often.  They do, however charge for everything, water is .25 cents and all the sides-potatoes, corn, sauces cost extra as well.Something that I really look for when I'm out is customer service and that was one of the down falls.  I ordered 1lb of crab legs, and while I was eating I wanted more, so I ordered more.  A worker came by and asked how we were doing.  I asked for another pound and she said ok.  Time rolls by- no legs.  Our waitress came by and I told her I ordered more and she said they were ready, but no one tagged it to my table, so they sent it back.  So I had to wait even longer, and by the time they landed on my table, everyone was done eating.  They were super friendly, though.The restaurant is fairly large and open, which is good considering the aromas floating around.  I love places laid back places.  Plus, you eat with your hands.  They have TV's around for entertainment and scribbles on the wood panels.  On the way to the restroom I passed a beam with people I knew which put a smile on my face.  Totally worth smelling like garlic sauce the rest of the evening.
4	We had heard of Hot n Juicy and decided to give it a whirl. But on a Saturday night it was about a 45min wait. Deciding that we would save the experience for another night led us to try Blooming Spot Mini Pot around the corner - that's another story and a good find too!Always having it in the back of my mind I got into a conversation with a fellow co-worker about this crawfish crazed place. I also noticed it had two locations on Spring Mountain Rd. so they must be doing something right. He convinced me to skip the hype and go straight for the Boiling Crab. I had already visited Crab Corner so I figured it was going to be similar in style.I call our night at the Boiling Crab, "Crustaecean Annihilation". It was great! We had a pound of crawfish and shared a dungeoness Crab - he was massive!The place is spacious. not like its counterpart. There are plenty of televisions around the room with lots of sports, news, etc. Something's on for everyone if that's your speed. There are different styles of seating, long bench or more intimate booths. Great place for groups!The cajun flavoring was perfect and the spice level was exactly how it was promised. You choose from various sauces served and then you choose your spice level. The crustaceans are delivered to your table in a plastic bag with it seeped in the juices and flavors you chose. You eat straight out of the bag right on the table. No plates or cutlery at this place. Feast hardcore, hands in. Start cracking and sucking away. I almost licked the bag it came in. ALMOST!Service was a little shotty, our waitress was all over the place. But this fact simply can be overlooked as she was sweet and had good intentions for the most part.If you shy away from eating the shellfish suckers, they even offer seafood gumbo, fried fish choices and nice sides like sweet potato fries, corn etc. It's a fun experience for all age groups. And its super casual and fairly priced.Don't wear your Sunday best here and let them tie that bib on cause you'll need it!!
4	So of course we are all entitled to our own opinions, but I personally feel that this location is the best when it comes to offering the freshest crab legs and crawfish! Never has there been a time that i have eaten here and not been completely satisfied! The staff is very friendly and attentive! Catfish basket here compared to the Hot & Juicy is like night and day! And the crab legs have always been a lot better here. I would suggest this place to anybody who is in love with FRESH seafood!
5	Time and time again, I've seen people post Facebook and Instagram photos of destroyed shrimp shells while wearing bibs and smiles. I've heard raving reviews and excited news for the first Boiling Crab location in Las Vegas.This made me highly skeptical. I was 100% sure that this was one of the cases in which people brought my expectations up too high and I would be disappointed in the actual product.I. Was. Wrong. Service was quick - employees were all young, energetic, and on point. Tables were lined with wax (?) paper to avoid any mess and allow for quick cleaning. Decor was unique and beachy with lots of wood features.I got a pound of shrimp with potatoes in medium lemon garlic sauce. The sauce is so amazing...I just can't. Upon request, they give you salt, pepper, and lime, to make your seafood taste even better! I also tasted the whole shabang sauce and corn, which was just deliciously delicious deliciousness. The sweet potato fries were crispy and fresh as well.Water came in plastic to-go cups, which is awesome because I reuse them for smoothies at home. The atmosphere is loud and lively in the restaurant, with many large parties.Since I'm a big fan of crawfish, I'll probably go back and try it in the very near future.
5	Checked this place out after doing the Bubble Run. OMG! Why wasn't I informed before a week ago about this place?! You know a place is good when people are lined up BEFORE the place opens. We got there at about 1155am on a Saturday & there was already about a dozen other people lined up to get in. The staff was young & friendly from the get go & very informative about what everything was on the menu & it's description. The atmosphere is a mixture of picnic tables & sports bar tvs. A nice laid back environment where you can tag up the walls. Very cool atmosphere.The food is just as good! We got a pound of shrimp in 'the works' sauce which is a combo of 3 of their sauces. The spice of the shrimp is your selection, but apparently from the med to XXX is QUITE the jump. In addition to the shrimp we got sweet potato fries, Cajun fries (which you get a whole basket of), & fried calamari. I'd pass on the calamari as it is typically made bar food which I was pretty bummed about. Everything else was great!With all the food we ordered & a beer the total came out to $35. You def get your monies worth at this spot. Be prepared to make a mess, it's not for the light hearted that aren't into getting dirty.
5	Always a pleasure to eat here. Great service.
4	The food was delicious. We had raw oysters. Fresh and good but one was a but old. The Alaskan King Crab legs were awesome. Didn't get spicy because our 9 and 7 year olds were sharing with us. Waitress only left one shelling tool between 3 adults. While the food was excellent, the clientele reminded me of being at work. I'm a criminal defense attorney and people were loud, drunk and profane. It felt like I was eating crab in the middle of arraignment court. Unpleasant if you have a family with small kids. I would go back but just with my husbands or rowdy friends.
2	Living in LA, this Boiling Crab is severely lacking compared to its other chains. The main issue is how dry the shrimp is. They don't add enough sauce. When you ask for it to be 'juicy' (their word for more sauce), it's still heavily lacking. Given how butter sauce is the LEAST expensive thing in the bag, they should NEVER skimp on it.
4	Overall, I had a great time! I went on a Wednesday night, so the wait time wasn't too bad.. About 15 minutes. Prices are very reasonable. I got a fried catfish basket for $10 which comes with a big basket of fries, and you can choose the level of spiciness for the fries. The catfish was very tender. This place is much bigger than Hot N Juicy, which I personally like. Overall, very casual atmosphere. If you're a lover of good quality seafood, definitely a must go.
4	Yummy!  Would go again!
4	This experience here with my sweetheart was truly fun and different. This was our first time eating at this type of joint as there are a few different brands in Las Vegas with the same concept.Upon walking in the hostess draws a wax paper table cover from a giant spool of paper and walks us to our table and lays it down. That right there tells me we are in for a tasty mess of a meal! That is fun and in reviewing the menu I soon learn just how messy it could get!We each decided on getting 1 pound of shrimp each with the whole sha-bang sauce  which is all three flavors, rajun Cajun, lemon pepper and garlic sauce! It was great and spicy as well on the complete shrimp that you clean the heads and tail away from. I was not sure if I would like the experience of cleaning the shrimp myself however it was different and not as bad as I had imagined.We also ordered fried calamari rings and seasoned fries which were simply delicious!I added on a side of corn and potatoes to my bag and wow that was the sweetest cob of corn I have sucked off in my life! That corn was amazing sweet and juicy, I will be adding that on again in future trips!This was a fun and messy dining experience and I was laughing at my Fiance stating that I am glad we know each other and this is not a first date! (lol)The prices are good for what you get, the service was fantastic as well and I enjoyed that our booth had our very own plasma screen TV to enjoy.We live close and will be back for sure as we love shrimp a lot!I attached a few photos to give you an idea of how much of a messy fun time we had!
5	Boiling Crab beats any other place like Hot N Juicy etc. I love the whole sha-bang with xxx :)There's no place else like the Boiling Crab
5	I have been here twice now and both times were finger licking amazing. I have been with a large group both times, so I was able to sample a number of items from the menu. Everything I tried was delicious. I highly recommend the shrimp with garlic seasoning and the fried calamari. YUM!Be prepared to wait to be seated as this place is popular!
4	Not a big cajun food fan (quite possibly since I don't eat a lot of cajun food), however, this establishment is not half bad. Been there twice in the past 13 months and I have enjoyed eating there both times. Seafood is good, spices were good and the staff there are very nice. A few tips? 1. Do not go there on a first date; you don't want your fingers smelling fishy, do you? 2. Do not wear really nice clothes, for you have a chance of ruining them. 3. Do not keep stuff on the table; table gets messy when eating. 4. ENJOY IT!
4	This place is awesome. There is always a line however, the wait time is not too bad. The prices are very reasonable. I get a 1/2 lb of shrimp w/ "the wholeshebang" and it is bahm. Whether taking it to go or dining in the services is exceptional.
5	Well it is boiling crab after all, lol. Parking is a good amount and of course dinner lines are usually long and busy. It is the only boiling crab in las vegas so even tourist are bound to visit. I usually stuff my self with a 2 pound shrimp and 1 pound clam, good $30.00. Usually get WHOLE SHA BANG!! And mild spicy! I love spicy but rather not have the morning runs LOL! Prices here are affordable so dont be scared! LOL! Restaurant was themed for a outdoor fisherman eatery kind, so you will feel that outdoorish type LOL! Oh please bring a marker so you can write your name in the wood around except the tables of course or bars! Just make sure you dont write your gf's name with yours because one year later lol you might still see it and it can cause drama. Hmmm!! Servers a bunch of cuties especially now summer is here so everyone needs to work and make money while college is out! Ill add one last thing, make sure you wash your hands and literally scrub it hard lol. Because the smell of the sauce will stay over night, so make sure you do not go clubbing or anywhere else. This is a last destination and surely will not get you laid if it your first thoughts of a first date!!!!
5	I don't often eat here since it's on the other side of town. Coming from Cali, I felt that seafood in Vegas just wasn't the same here. Hot n Juicy fulfilled the craving, but when I found out that Boiling Crab was going to open in Vegas, I was super excited!From the time you walk in, you see all the names and messages on walls and booths of all the people that have eaten there before you. My name is written on a few different spots throughout the restaurant. The servers are super nice and don't get frustrated when you keep asking for extra limes. They also tie your bib which is a cute touch. You gotta get the whole shabang flavoring on all your seafood!!! It's pretty much all the seasonings put together. Mmmm my mouth is watering just thinking about it. There's a ton of juice in the bag so you can dunk your seafood or your fries into it. So good!!!! Also get a side of corn an potatoes and they'll throw it right in the bag so it'll be flavored as well!!! Mmmm
3	So I was a little concerned about seafood spots in the middle of the desert... But I took a chance with the boiling crab. Went to the boiling crab on a Sunday evening, was told the wait was 45 minutes ended up waiting an hour. Place seemed pretty cool, lots of TVs all around. The server was friendly, nothing over the top. He explained the already pretty simple menu to us I guess because it was our first time at the boiling crab. I ordered a pound of shrimp with the full shabang I believe its called. Honestly, I was expecting lots of Old bay seasoning all over my seafood bag of goodness with my corn and potatoes. But it was just some spicy juice sauce or something. I dont know. It wasnt very flavorful honestly. I am assuming its because the juice couldnt get in to the meat of the shrimp it just covered the shells. I didnt finish it all because I was full fast off of my 2 cups of sprite I had while I waited for my food. Would I go again? Maybe if I was craving seafood with no other options. But for all of the great ratings I dont think its all that people are making it seem to be. But then again we are dealing with people that are living in Vegas with no other seafood experiences to compare it to lol besides the hot and juicy. Theres nothing like East coast VA/MD seafood!
2	Don't come here if you're in a hurry because it wait time is usually 30-45 min. With that being said, they food is really good and comes out fast and fresh in their own individual bags or baskets. Their policy also is that you cannot mix sauces or order something and get half in 1 sauce and half in another. I tried and they said that this wasn't possible...not sure why. While there were no complaints about the food, I do have to say that some of the employees here are a little rude. I got some attitude from the hostess when trying to see how close my name was from being called on the list...she even yanked the book violently away from me and slammed it in my face. This was completely uncalled for and has never happened at any other restaurants. Because of this I am deducting stars from my review and am unsure if I'll return.
4	Absolutely love the food at this place.  Can't go wrong with the whole shabang mild mix.  We always end up ordering the shrimp and corn. The king crab is also awesome. It's a great place for the whole family!
2	This place was one of my favor place in Vegas! But today I found a hair inside my order! I was like: mmm...just a hair, seems normal! After I took a closer look at it, and ask my friends about that! We found out that is not the kind of hair on top of our head, that makes me wanna puke right away! Now I'm still feel sick of that!!!!!
5	Our second time at the boiling crab. Just can't get enough of it!It's our first time to try the American lobster. The waiter told us that the lobster is from Maine, and unlike king crab, it's fresh and never frozen. I chose the rajun cajun sauce for it, because it's lighter than the whole sha-bang and I want to have a taste. However the whole sha-bang is still the best choice for us. The lobster meat is firm, juicy, a bit sweet and nutty. There is some roe in the head, which is pretty tasty as well.
4	So, I've been transplanted to the Grand Canyon from Houston, Texas, and I've been looking for some great, spicy crawfish. I'm spoiled by a place back home called Hanks's. My first attempt was Hot 'n Juicy. It was very so-so, giving a flavor similar to tobacco spit. Yes, I'm not kidding. In Houston, I was used to 5 to 7 dollars/lb. for restaurant crawfish, and here in Vegas it was $10/lb, so I was at least expecting passable. Now I've discovered The Boiling Crab, And it's GREAT!  Much better than HnJ, like everyone else seems to be saying. The only reason that I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that they have really high prices. 10 dollars per pound for crawfish is almost punitive!  They were happy to increase the garlic and spice, and it really paid off! Beer selection would have been better if they had a bock, Shiner or Ziegen, prefereably. I'm sure that if Double Down saloon can get Shiner, then so can BC, right? If you're from the south, it's the only game in town! Note, if you get the spiced and cooked crawfish from Smith's, it just doesn't get it.
5	Nearly everything about this place is perfection. Wide open space with plenty of seats, friendly wait staff, the freshest and most well seasoned seafood I have ever tasted, reasonably priced, and free limes!I've been to a handful of cajun seafood places before, and this is by far my favorite establishment. The food came out shockingly quick, (5-10 minutes?) and everything tasted amazing. I also loved the fact that they give you free limes and salt and pepper seasonings on the side. I've never seen this at any other establishment.The raw oysters are the freshest and most delicious raw oysters I have ever slurped up. I didn't taste any sediment, and the oyster went down so smooth with no excessive fishy smell/taste. The shrimp was very plump, fresh, and delectable. I got it in the spiciest whole shebang sauce and it surely satisfied my seafood cravings. I almost got a spicy level below, but I'm glad I got the spiciest XXX level. If you love spicy food, and can handle nearly thai hot, but not quite there yet, or even spicier, then trust me, go for the XXX level!The crawfish was very succulent and fresh and the sweet potato fries are a must order! these are so addicting and perfectly fried and seasoned. I'll admit, I could probably eat a whole basket by myself!The Fried shrimp basket was not bad, but could be seasoned a bit better and battered a bit differently to make it crispier, however still tasty. The cajun fries that accompanied the shrimp in this basket again, could have been seasoned a bit better but were still tasty.This is definitely going to be my first stop whenever I visit the west coast again! I love this place! The waitress was also very easy going and friendly about splitting our checks between 6 people!
4	If you prefer less grease in your seafood, this place is hands down better than Hot n Juicy. Had snow crab in garlic plain, whole shebang mild, and lemon pepper mild. It was all good. Portions aren't as large, but the quality seems better and fresher than the competition. Another high five for cleanliness and great service. Ronald was excellent!
4	Yes! A boiling crab in vegas!Came here on a trip to vegas, and stopped by boiling crab to go. Don't forget to ask for salt and pepper, limes, and a paper for your table (it really helps with clean up).Service was excellent, and the staff was nice and acommadating. And the food was excellent as always.Gotta get my crab leg fix, the whole -bang, medium, please!
4	Better then Hot n Juicy hands down! There is alot more parking, and it seems bigger inside. The shrimp and snow crab legs were yummy. The cajun fries and wings were surprisingly delicious as well. A must go :)
5	Always fresh, delicious seafood!! I cant stop telling everyone about this place, its too good!! I was so happy to find this location, since the first time I tried them was in California. Vegas location was just as great! I recommend the whole sha-bang medium!! perfect combo for anything! and don't forget your Cajun fries!! Mhhhmmm!
5	I love the waiter and waitress that we have had that last few times. The waiter has a handlebar mustache and the waitress has purple hair at the end of her ponytail. They are awesome! And the food is perfect. What more is there to say?
4	We had such a great experience at Boiling Crab in Las Vegas, we came back twice!It's a huge, open establishment that requires you to "get down and dirty" when you eat -- which means no utensils (unless you've ordered the gumbo), no trash buckets, bibs around your neck and no gloves.  They have plastic "finger tips" to put over your fingers, but they didn't really work for us.Both the crawfish and snow crab legs were amazing, succulent, AND fresh.  The whole shebang sauce makes it all worthwhile!  If you don't order more than 2 pounds, you have to buy your corn, potatoes, and sausages separately.  The cajun fries were also tasty and came in a large, made to share order.  Ask for limes and salt'n'pepper -- they give you a generous amount!The service was quick, efficient, and friendly during both of the times we dined here.  Even though it was a madhouse on Saturday during dinner, our food came out within 10 minutes!P.S. Don't wear nice clothes if you plan to come here!P.P.S. Wash your hands with limes and let it soak for at least 1-2 minutes if you want to get the seafood/cajun smell out of your hands!
5	Boiling crab is a great place to go if your a seafood lover.  The environment and the people that work there are amazing, nice and friendly.  The price isnt really expensive depending on how much you order or you can consume in one sitting. They have a variety of sauces to chose from. From non spicy to spicy. There cajun fries are amazing and its a guarantee must get.
4	#1 in my book for food, oysters!! Oysters here at the boiling crab deserves 10 million stars. Lol. It's ginormous!! Not quite happy with the size od the shrimps tho. Hot n juicy shrimps are way bigger. Sauce is on point. They serve more rice than HNJ, the restaurant is cleaner and more space. And I like how they put the bib on for you. Good job guys.
5	This is the only place i like eating at in las vegas... The food was great, the service was great, and the price was decent.. however getting here is a bit of a pain because i didn't have a car and we had to take a taxi back and forth however after you finish eating you can ask them to call you a cab and the cab would be there in like 5 min!!! great place. i wish they had this place in boston or on the east coast.
4	Get there early cause its supper busy- also ask for the sides to come with dinner or else u eat them before your meal!Mmmm.. Crab...mmmm.. Clams... In the Everything Sauce! Is BOMB! Yes I am a fan, service was a bit everywhere, but they were great! Love the Tv's that are Everywhere and have Everything on! My little one watched Sponge Bob~! So that helped entertain her for the meal. . .IT IS MESSY!! prepare people! It's a Mess down there! Don't wear anything nice!You will get sauce or lime, or something on you that day/night..
2	I first had Boiling Crab in California. Its one of those foods you will always crave once you have it, and i was stoked to know there was on in Vegas, and i was planning to visit. YAYEAH!!!....but sadly the Vegas location didn't live up to the California locations level. IT was a dead afternoon. About 5 servers for 4 or 5 tables, but it seemed like the servers seemed to be in a not-working mode, will take forever to check back. the food was OK but not superb or addicting like when i had it over there. Seasoning was lacking. It seemed like you were eating plain boiled seafood(clams & shrimp) the fries were still delicious as always...but skip this place and drive up to HOT N JUICY. You wont be disappointed there.Sadly Boiling Crab is out of my cravings list. Maybe when i visit LA ill be back to it.
5	super bomb!!feels like the one in cali!really love the shrimp + whole shebang flavor!!
3	Yet again another place that wasn't a stand out like I was hoping it would be. Was it good? Yes.  Would I go back? Yes.  Would I tell everyone it's a "must try"? No. The menu is small and pretty straight forward.  All the items listed as market price are written on a dry erase board at the counter, which makes sense since the prices constantly changes. Either the claims or shrimp (cant remember which) price is now a $1 more per pound which they tell you right away as you sit down at the table since the menu hasn't been updated with the price change.  No biggie.The only down fall is there isn't a kid's menu.  Most people this isn't an issue, but it was for us.  At first I was disappointed no kid items but saw a fried shrimp baskets...problem solved.  Well...not so much.  The batter it is fried in is seasoned and gives off a spicy flavor.  I tried one and I thought it was a little spicy, nothing too bad but it can be too much for a child.  Especially if they don't do spicy.  They basket was $10 so we basically paid $10 for a basket of fries.  I ordered a 1lbs of claims in the whole-shabang mild, hubby got shrimp in the whole-shabang medium.  After a few bites I realized mild was a little more than mild.  It was delicious but my husband tried mine and he said he couldn't tell the difference between his medium and my mild.  Either mine was more than mild or his medium was a big disappointment in the seasoning area.  Overall I would say this place is okay and we would go back, but next time without the kiddo.
2	I'll keep it super short, simple and sweet.his place is huge. Good for large parties. The food is meh, quality control definately isn't happening. Crawfish are small, dirty and overcooked bone dry! So disappointing since they probably get fresh crawfish everyday! Sauce is all over the place, spicy, not spicy all taste the same?! Not as good as in Cali. Service is careless. Servers are everywhere but they're not paying attention to guests. Never again will I go to Boiling Crab in LV. Off to Hot N Juicy now...
4	What a concept.... It's addictive to say the least great flavors, fun and clean atmosphere. I wish the clams where cheaper...lots of shell weight... But again, fantastic flavors
5	Hands down my favorite place to eat cajun shrimp.I know it has competitors such as Hot n' Juicy and Cravin' Cajun, but this place takes it for me. Its very spacious with a lot of seating that includes tables and booths. They have tvs everywhere which is good especially during sports season. The food is amazing! Well, the shrimp is anyway. I've only had the King crab here once, but me and my boyfriend soon realized we can get crab other places and have stuck with getting shrimp from there on out. We always get the whole sha-bang (mild on mine). I find the medium a little too spicy for my liking. You also have to get the cajun fries. The meal just isn't complete without the fries. Don't forget salt/pepper with lime! It takes the shrimp to a whole other level.I love this place and will continue coming back time and time again.
5	I LOVE THE BOILING CRAB! IT'S AS GOOD AS EVERYONE SAYS IT IS! And I love my Las Vegas crew the best! Vegas of course, always has its own kind of spark! Super friendly, the place was chill and awesome, and the best was shucking on crawfish. This place has too many good reviews already, so I'll just make mine short.GO THERE AND TREAT YOUR HUNGER! Cause you will not regret it!
4	I've come back here several times and service is a lot better. Expectations are also set on certain food items. Food is still delicious and the size of the shrimp have gotten a lot better I like this place far better than Hot n Juicy.
2	Compared with the other Cajun seafood places in town: Cravin Cajun and Hot n Juicy, this place is mediocre. The sauce doesn't compare to Hot n Juicy, and the menu selection doesn't compare to Cravin Cajun. The place has an uncomfortable feel; it's like a big open warehouse but nicer. No paper towels in the bathroom; how are you supposed to clean up messes? The staff was friendly, but that doesn't make up for the fact they tell you they are charging you for a full pound of crab and that you will only get .9. They have an eclectic array of beer cans when you walk in, but don't be mislead, they don't have any of them. I won't be returning, and I would suggest Cravin Cajun or Hot n Juicy any day.
5	snow crab with the whole shabang extra spicy so yummy
1	I'm a huge boiling crab fan but this place really sucks. ALL shrimps & crawfish where old, the whole sha-bang sauce was awful. I only had one shrimp then I changed the older & got fresh shrimps but the sauce was still discussing couldn't eat it. The waiter brought the manager to us & he said "the sauce taste different than California" & they took back the food. Only paid for the sweet potatoes fries that where very good.
3	I love Boiling Crab. The family goes almost every week to location in Alhambra on Main St. This location is very large in comparison but also has more people. My problem with this visit was our server. The Boiling Crab work ethic from California has not trickled over to this location. The staff in Alhambra is always very attentive and your cup never stays empty for longer than 30 seconds. I had at least 8 people go by without asking. Plus each server seems to only care for their area instead everyone is for everyone. Also, our server did not ask if we wanted anything else. She just brought us the bill before we were even finished eating. I don't like the feeling of getting rushed through my meal. Like other BCs this location could have a line out the door with a 2 hour wait if they gave their customers a little more attention. Time for service training from corporate.
4	I love shrimp! If i have a good 10 - 15 bucks to spend I definitely would bring some friends and get a pound of shrimp. I love it either non spicy or mild depending on what I feel and I get the "whole shabang" flavoring which is a mix of Rajun Cajun, Lemon Pepper, and Garlic Sauce.Today however, i wasn't feeling up to a pound of shrimp. As I am a fan of their Cajun fries as well, i decided to order their Fried Shrimp Basket. There was a basket of their tasty tasty cajun fries topped with fried shrimp, unfortunately 10, but perhaps you may request more by paying more? Will definitely ask next time. The Fried shrimp was just really good. I requested a mild spice on the shrimp and it was just perfect. I think i just found my favorite order here! lolOnce you walk in, you see a bunch of tables, to your left and right there's a waiting area, when you look further to the windows there are a nice amount of TV's and booths all along the windows about a step high. The furniture and the whole atmosphere kind of gives off a sense of what you think you may see inside a bar/lounge. Well that's how it would be for me at least.Our waitress was nice, she checked up on us a couple of times, our group arrived at two different times and she came each time someone of our group arrived and got them their drinks. Unfortunately she left while we were just about to finish eating and we left the tip for him instead. But he was nice as well. But feel the tip should be the first waitress.The shrimp is good, but a bit pricey. It's a place to go to hang out with friends, or to go out with friends one night to have some good shrimp. Good experience!
4	1.5 lbs of Shrimp + Whole Shebang Sauce = Mouth-watering orgasm goodness! I've probably only eaten here three times because all of the other times, I take my goodie foodie home with me so I can make a big mess at home instead lol :) Plus I don't want to pay extra for rice when I can make the ish at home.I always get the mild whole shebang sauce for the shrimp, and there is not one time where I was disappointed. Flavor has always been consistent. Their service is not always consistent though. Yes, they bring out the food almost right away (probably within 10minutes after ordering). No, the servers are not always on top of things. Yes, I understand that they have a lot of other customers but on the days that they aren't busy I don't see why they would have to disappear on my family & I? Sometimes it would take awhile for them to refill our waters or whatever other drink we ordered. So that's the disappointing part. Bathrooms are clean, and the place is pretty clean :)Definitely will take my out-of-state peeps who haven't experienced this seafood heaven here to rape their taste buds!
2	After going to Hot'n'spicy Crawfish, I wanted to give this other seafood chain a shot.  I ordered crawfish just like I did at Hot'n'Spicy.  I was flabbergasted to find these little pip-squeaks with tiny, itty-bitty tails with what appeared 1 or 1.5 cm of meat.  WTF?  The crawfish at Hot'n'spicy had at least 5 or 6 cm of meat.  The waiter said they were out-of-season.  Why sell them then?  I was blown away.  I thought I was in the twilight zone.  I would have given this place one star, but the waiter let me sub shrimp.  The shrimp was okay but there wasn't much sauce for dipping.  When I had the Hot'n'spicy Crawfish, the bag was filled with a thick, brothy sauce that I literally just ate like a soup, and it was mind-blowing.  The layout was better than Hot'n'spicy which is too cramped but there was a fly buzzing around which made it feel gross along with the stupid grafitti they allow you to put up all over the place.
4	Any boiling crab is great. Im from los angeles and i do see some differences between the boiling crab there and here..1. in LA, you will wait a minimum of 1 hour to get a seat, i didn't wait at all for a seat here. that was refreshing2. the sauce tastes different here then in does in la (the whole shebang) 3. they do not have muscles here, just clams.. The boiling crab is an amazing restaurant if you want that Vietnamese/cajun infusion of seafood.. get ready to get messy, everything is eaten by hand, there are no utensils.. ladies put your rings and jewelry away.. expect to have a mess when your done.. your hands will also smell like seafood for the rest of the day.. some people choose to wear gloves.. not a bad idea..try it, you wont be disappointed
5	Whatever location of Boiling Crab you go to just expect good quality food. This is one of the best locations they have because of how big the location is and they can seat more people at the same time. Whenever I come here I tend to order shrimp and sometimes clams with the whole shabang sauce ! THE WHOLE SHABANG is the best sause they have! The service here is excellent and they will not disappoint.
5	Always love coming to boiling crab!I never get disappointed, the staff are always friendly, always helpful with the menu, and the food is always good.Don't forget to ask for pepper/salt/like option with your order.
3	pretty good.  I got a couple things, but I can't remember because it wasn't that memorable.  I would give a higher rating, but everytime I come here they seem to be out of something that I'm craving for.  Other than that, a good place to get your hands dirty, I don't recommend it on a first date though.
5	Not sure if you want to eat here or that other place?  Eat here.  Not only do I think the quality is better but the sauces are like crack.  Only more addictive.  The whole shabang or the garlic is the way to go imo. And make sure you get some potatoes to soak up the sauce!  This was supposed to be just a "tip" but I wanted to give 5 stars.  Oh yes and our waitress was on it too. Great food great service What more can you ask for? Go
5	tried this place a few years back in garden grove OC california.  they had two locations in the same shopping center - a sit-in restaurant and a to-go.  even though my taste buds were kinda shot from having a cold, i was instantly hooked.  i visited this location last september with my husband, child and a couple of friends who at the time just moved here.  we had to wait, but not very long.. less than half hr.  restaurant was pretty clean.  server was nice and friendly.  i ordered myself what i now consider my usual, which is a pound of shrimp seasoned with the whole shabang. so fricken delicious!  i got chicken strips and fries for my little one. i forgot what my friends and hubby ordered.  everyone left happy. the only thing i hate about the whole idea is having to peel the shrimp and getting dirty.  i always think long about it before suggesting we go there 'cause it's pretty hard with a toddler who wants to run around while it's time to eat and chasing him with dirty hands.  i love the boiling crab. it's so worth it.*bring a sharpie if you want to write on their walls!
3	I really love crab so I was looking forward to eat a TON of it when some fellow Yelpers suggested The Boiling Crab for dinner. I like the casual set up of the restaurant. Very welcoming for large groups.The staff was enthusiastic and helpful for those of us first timers. Prices were reasonable for all the food that was brought out. The crab in a bag idea seems like a good one, but for me it was too messy. My hands were so greasy and buttery that I could hardly crack my crab. I understand seafood requires a bit more work and possible mess, but having to reach into a bag of buttery/garlicy crab legs was too much. Even though others in my party were messy, it just made me feel awkward. I think a great place to try, but I would rather have my food served on a plate, than in a bag...
3	Definitely a fun entertaining place and don't be afraid to throw shells on the table and get dirty! Glad I had the experience! That being said however the food was just average. Love Cajun shrimp! So we ordered Cajun shrimp and catfish to share. The shrimp was good but once take the shells off had to dip in the bag for more flavor. Need a bowl to soak the flavor in after you peel... Peeling was easy but rather enjoy my Cajun shrimp on a plate. The catfish was good but too greasy and mushy on the inside.... I think that's what made me sick!Would have loved to try crab but it looked like way too much work! Oh and I even got shrimp guts squirted at me from across the table! Be sure to wear your bib! Maybe a raincoat!
5	I have become more popular, my hairline is better, my eyebrows thread themselves, women look at me in that.. "special way," butter spreads more evenly on my toast, the hole in the ozone was restored, a koala laid seven eggs in my backyard (three more than usual), Josh Peck got fat again. All this happened since my first meal at Boiling Crab. Coincidence? I think not!
1	I just don't like when it's a party of 6, two are my kids who are just 3 &  2 years old.  We get the bill and there's gratuity for a the large party!  Wtf?
5	Aww my first Yelp review posted straight from the app. Let me make it a good one, at least I'll try.I know this is called Boiling Crab but I'm not a fan of any crab that's been boiled so I'm probably not gonna try them. Now if BC had them steamed or grilled? I'd be all for it, something to ask about next time.So a pound of shrimp is what I went with, all sauced up in the whole shebang with a side of sweet potato fries to soak up whatever sauce not on the shrimp. They were nicely sized and very delicious, add lime,some extra salt and pepper, and while you're at it more hot sauce. My mouth is watering right now. I usually don't like it when food is hot to touch and in a plastic bag but what's wrong with a little hint of plastic in your food once in a while. You can also go with other item like oysters which are raw, snow or blue crab which are boiled, fried shrimp which BC won't soak in sauce for you, etc and they're all at market priced I believe. You can also add potatoes and corn on the cob, yum. It smelt so good too. One pound of seafood is plenty though I probably could've done another pound if I didn't drink so much, BC serves alcohol best thing to drink with spicy food. And it gets messy so don't wear nice clothes unless you're female, we like it when you dress nice but hate it when you complain about those sauce stains. Wear something nice that you wouldn't mind getting stains on.The interior is pretty spacious and can easily accommodate larger parties. It has a beach, fishing, crabbing theme with many TV to watch a game, a large fan circling the ceiling, and if you really wanted to write on some of the walls and tables. Service is good but watch out for that auto-gratuity, I think it's on parties of 6 or more.I am a big fan and want to go ASAP.Aww damn it the app doesn't let you add reviews to lists.
4	If you like shrimp and crab and good vibes this is a place to go! The shrimp is awesome and their fries are really spicy in a good way!
3	The food is good. But the service is suck compare to before. We ordered for 8 people and they only give us 2 set of tools for two lobster 6 crabs! I relied to ask for more tools but they ignore us for 10 minutes! We finally has to go to the counter by ourselves. In the end when we pay. They made the bill wrong for twice ! Really need to improve their service.
2	I'm giving this place 2 stars because, I didn't like the mess.  The food was okay, but I didn't like how interactive it was.  Maybe I'm spoiled, but I would rather have my meal come out ready to eat.  I felt like a bomb tech trying to separate the peel and eat shrimp.  And, then having the juices all over your hand afterwards, ugh!  I was afraid I was going to touch my eyes for some reason.  The fried catfish was decent, I liked it, but Michele got sick from it.  So, that's another reason I'm giving it 2 stars.  Changed the whole night for us.I figured that this was a good experience to have.  Trying something new is always a plus.  Would I go back? Maybe, but I think I would try something else from the menu.
4	I've not been back to one of these kinds of places for a couple years since getting heartburn from the combination sauce. Knowing the garlic gets to me, I knew what to stay away from. I ordered the shrimp (currently 11.99 lb) in Cajun medium. Don't let the medium fool you, it's spicy, and really good. IMO the crawfish is too much work for little meat. The gumbo without rice was tasty and filling. Chicken wings were straight forward and were pretty large in size. The oysters were from the gulf and they were the big ones... and is was fishy to me. Not a fan. I would definitely come back and like another Yelper tipped, it's awesome and convenient take out.
4	I like The Boiling Crab. In fact I like it a lot. I love the simplicity & the messiness of the restaurant. Paper/ plastic on the table, a plastic bib to go around your neck, your food brought out in a plastic bag! PERFECT!! The seasoning was just right. I ordered  2lbs of snow crab legs, at $16lb which is basically two clusters (arms on the crab).. A pound of shrimp at $11.99lb, an order of Calamari ($10), and an order of clams ($10).. This isn't your formal style of restaurant, this is a place to come in & get your hands dirty, no forks or spoons, just dig in & go for yours. Wasn't crowded the night I went but I could see this place drawing a nice crowd. I'd definitely recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for crab legs or shrimp. I'll return in a few days to try some other menu items.
5	I have had lunch there on more than one occasion...Love This Place!  Shrimp is ALWAYS fresh and large!  Sorry Hot n Juicy they have got it all over you!  Love the decor, writing on the walls!  Lots of TV's for sports viewing!  A must try and I will return!
5	A good restaurant that won't disappoint. You can never go wrong with a pound bag of shrimp with the whole shabang sauce!The best part of this location? The wait, as in there is no wait! If you go to a location in sj or SoCal, the wait can get pretty long. I've had to wait up to 2 hours before! Come here and you'll most likely get a seat immediately! If you don't feel like getting your hands messy, definitely get the catfish with Cajun fries! Honestly, the fries are one of my favorite parts here :)
5	Having a Boiling Crab just down the way from my home in CA, I can definitely attest that this place blows Cali's completely out of the water!!!!! No pun intended on the water reference.Stumbled upon B/C just a day or so ago while vacationing in Vegas and I darn near cut everyone on Flamingo off to swerve across lanes *(yes that was me guys - it was my stomach doing the driving - I'm sorry)...I was completely taken back upon walking in and seeing that there was NO WAIT. Are you kidding me??? This would NEVER happen in Cali'!!!The service and food were both amazing (although the restroom could've used a bit of attention). The cherry on top would be the fact that I didn't leave or wake up the following day w/ a stomach ache!Yaaaz!!!Las Vegas - Boiling Crab, you have OFFICIALLY exceeded my expectations!!!!!
5	Boooooomb! Great place to eat. Great experience and food is the whole shabang! Love the raw oysters, Cajun fries, fried oysters, Calamari, corn, potatoes, clams, crabs, shrimp, everything! I've never ordered anything that I haven't liked. I especially love that the raw oysters are fresh and compliment well with their special sauce. I most def go here at least 2-3 a month.
5	Bang Bang Bang!!!!! Shaaaaaaabang! LoL. This is how I like my boiling crab! The whole Sha-Bang with a medium spice level. Sweet baby Jesus. This is so addicting!I am from Los Angeles and we have one on Wilshire Blvd. The wait is always 2 hours or more. Here in Vegas, "Would you like a table or booth" immediately! I eat here literally 3-4 times a month. This is some damn good stuff! The messiness, the flavors having a party on my beloved taste buds. Is this a dream????The Good:-Everything!-Fast service unless you order crab (But who wants undercooked crab? )-Originality -Great priced brews-Lots and lots of TV's for the gamesThe Bad:-Not one thing! I always order either the King Crab or Shrimp with half a pound of sausage, 2 corn on the cobs, a side of white rice, and Cajun fries (Medium). This place never fails! If you like spicy like I do, go for the XXX. I'll admit that the spice dominates the actual flavor of the food so it's better to go medium and actually enjoy your meal. This is my favorite restaurant and not too many people in Vegas know about it. I've turned numerous co-workers into lovers now! Trust me when I say you will not go wrong here. This place is EPIC!
5	You can't beat cheap spicy seafood in a bag! Always my GO-TO spot whenever I hit up SF and Vegas.Location- Easy to find same area as food for less (cheap cheap food) and tons of parking out front. Love that this location never has a wait and there's always a table ready for us every time I come here...unlike San Jose's location where you always have an hour or more of a wait time.Ambiance- It feels like a fisherman's wharf kinda feel to it where the ocean is right out on deck in front. Love the nets, fake crab and ocean decor they have going on all throughout the restaurant. I like that the bathroom never has that nasty feel to it nor does the restaurant have the fishy, ocean smell to it...which says a lot because the place is a seafood restaurant. And I love that the menu is so easy to read and self-explanable for 1st timers.Food-It's all about the "XXX WHOLE SHA-BANG" Basically all the flavors they offer in one from lemon-pepper, Cajun, garlic and butter. You can also choose your spiciness level from xxx, medium, mild and non-spicy...I like the xxx the best because it's super spicy and perfect with all that high calorie goodness sauce...I always ask for extra lime to squeeze inside of my shrimp and corn bag and on top of my rice. The salt and pepper container should also be used for your dipping. I usually always get a pound of shrimp for $8.99/lb. I've also tried their craw fish and crab legs but the shrimp is still my favorite seafood of choice when eating here. Other yummy food items are their raw oysters with the sauce they give..and they are big oysters and it's fresh! The spicy Cajun wings are really juicy, spicy, full of flavor and has tons of meat in them...it's not overly fried nor is it too oily, everyone that has eaten that has loved it. My boyfriend and his friends loved their gumbo for it's flavor and fillingness it gave them.
3	First time here lets see how good it is.
5	Great food at a great price.My mom personally loves their sauces, because at other places, mild is still to spicy for her, but here it's just right for her. And it's still great for spice lovers like myself.
2	The gumbo had no flavor and the Cajun fries were undercooked.
1	Ordered 4 pounds of shrimp for my family of four....ended up getting 3 pounds on the receipt but it was too late when I arrived home. WTF. Also had to repeat my order twice -___- .  Order#133354
5	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place. Get the biggest bang for your buck by ordering the shrimp by the pound (market price is about $10-12/lb). Add a side of fries to soak up all that yummy sauce too. The sweet potato fries are my favorite, but the Cajun fries (ask for mild) hit the spot too! They serve Golden Peak sweet tea to round out the perfect meal! I've tried the catfish basket and calamari too, and both were fab! Don't forget the lime!
4	Tasty king crab in VEGAS! woot! sha bang sauce is a must! mild if your not use to spice and sweat!
5	Love boiling crab!! I'm so blessed to have one here in Vegas..the whole shabang sauce is awesome on everything
4	This place is HUGE! I think they said its the biggest BC space ever. The ceiling fan is gigantic and a trip. Seriously.The menus look very different than other locations but variety is the same.Whole shebang at XXX spicy. Shrimp was good. Corn was good. Sweet potato fries were good. The dungeness crab we got was gigantic and slightly overcooked (but not as bad as other another time in another location).Large lot, plenty of tables and space. Bathrooms could use some more stalls though.
5	In comparison to Hot N Juicy (which is right down the street..), I prefer Boiling Crab, but by just a fraction. Both have the same concept, which is totally genius! Who doesn't like to be able to make a mess and not having to clean it up?! They give you a bib to tie on, order your food by the pound all at market price, your food comes out in bags, then you just crack away! The whole table is covered by a large trash bag or scrap paper, so its a fairly easy clean up. I gotta tell ya.. when I go with my friends, it is on! When all is said and done, I look on the table and give a moment of silence to all the crawfishes and crabs that have fallen to serve us. I like the location and venue at Boiling Crab better, it's a way bigger space and gives me room and air to breathe. Don't get it wrong, your still going to be walking out smelling like garlic and fish. Lots of TVs spread out through the restaurant, perfect if you want to eat and watch a game for like MNF or something.This is a normal order for me.. 2 pounds crawfish - whole shabang, medium (my tolerance for spicy food is pretty low..), 2 pounds snow crab legs - whole shabang medium, calamari & 1/2 pound of sausages. That is ALL for me! Ask your waiter or waitress for some lime to go with, mmm so good!Oh.. don't forget to bring some bright colorful sharpies!! ;)
5	I love boiling crab. I really do. So when I heard they had a Vegas location I definitely had to hit it up. We got seated immediately on a Sunday night. Yes. Immediately. Such a change from the Cali locations and long waits. Our order was taken quickly and the staff was friendly. Whole shebang yet again. Quality seems pretty in line with Cali. It was great!! Nice to have one in Vegas as I do prefer tier sauce over hot n juicy. First timers just a heads up, their sauce (whole shebang)  is much more spicier than hot n juicy. Even if you order mild. There is still quite a kick so if I were you I would order the single flavorings instead. But I love me some spice!
5	Nice to be in Vegas and have a place to get great food and not be on the strip. I didn't know the BC was a chain. OMG!!  So good. Great place for dinner. Go and enjoy!
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat when I come to Vegas. Now that I live in Vegas this WILL be a weekly spot.
4	Delicious seafood. Server was attentive. They need to have claw crackers it was difficult for my party to open the seafood & they don't slice the legs open for uou
4	OC location is better but Vegas hits the spot.
3	First off, I love the iconic walls inside The Boiling Crab, where guests are invited to write and draw whatever they want during their visit. The food is also delicious... same concept as Hot n' Juicy, where you choose your flavor, spice level, then seafood of choice plus add-ons -- then feast on the table with cute plastic bibs and get messy! I usually get the whole shabang flavor with a pound of shrimp, with a few corn on the cobs (which is a must!) Never disappoints. We also ordered the king crabs... a little pricy, but a lot of meat.I've been here a few times before, and usually I have no complaints. But my recent visit definitely left me with a few qualms. First of all, our waitress was just overall impatient. Yes, it was busy, but nonetheless, impatient. We made a few requests, such as an extra bottle of ketchup (which seemed to annoy her), for vinegar to eat with the crab legs (which seemed to annoy her more) that they didn't carry anyway... then when I received my drink, which I ordered an unsweetened ice tea, I had to ask for sweetener which took forever to arrive. I added two packets of sweet and low, only to find my tea was already a sweetened raspberry tea. When I brought this to her attention, her annoyance level went through the roof. No apology or anything. At this point, we were already getting uncomfortable. After that, her service became minimal -- to where she didn't check up on us or give us refills, unless we flagged her down. The food was amazing, but I haven't had service that bad in a while. Considering this was also my birthday dinner too, it was quite a disappointment. Like I said, the food is great... maybe you'll get lucky and not get the same server as we did. Wish I had caught her name, but I think I'll try going to Hot n' Juicy more just to get better service next time.
5	We were in Vegas last weekend and one of our local friends suggested we leave the Strip and head to The Boiling Crab...best decision we made all weekend! This place is so damn delicious AND affordable! Here's how it works:1. Choose your protein. You can order in 1/2 or 1 pound increments. We ordered 2 pounds snow crab and 1/2 pound shrimp. They were out of sausage so unfortunately we didn't get to try any. 2. Pick your flavor. We chose "The Whole Sha-bang!" which is a combination of their other three sauces, Rajun Cajun, Lemon Pepper, and Garlic. 3. Choose spice level. We went with mild and it was still spicy for me. 4. Choose extras. They serve a bunch of fried food but we didn't order any. We did add potatoes, corn, and a side of garlic sauce to our order though. 5. Eat until you can eat no more. All of the food comes out in giant plastic bags filled with the sauce, garlic cloves, and any extras you added. The seafood is piping hot and fresh! The shrimp are whole and still have the heads on but they are oh so delicious.6. Pay ridiculously low bill. I don't know how but this place is so affordable! Our bill came out to $41 (for the order listed above). Amazing. This place blows Joe's Crab Shack out of the water. Lucky for us we live in California and there are THREE Boiling Crab restaurants within 20 minutes of our house. We went again two days after getting back from Vegas.
5	I will come here again. The ones in Cali are usually over an hour wait. Sometimes 2 hours. This place was busy, but no wait. That's what makes this place the best around. Hopefully when I come back I won't have to wait an hour. Only default, needs more garlic. But no wait makes up for that.
5	The last time I went to Boiling Crab was in LA and the wait was over an hour long.  So, I was delighted when we got to sit at a table right away.  "The whole sha-bang" buttery garlic heaven.  The only flavor on the menu.  They list other flavors, but I don't think anyone with working taste buds and brain would order anything else.  Shrimp, snow crab, sausage, corn, cajun fries, and fried calamari.  All freaking delicous.  Yes, eating is messy.  All table manners goes out the window, once you bite into your first shrimp or crawfish.  Totally worth going outside of the strip here.  Just don't wear a white t shirt!!
5	Amazing food, fun atmosphere. I visit Vegas often and each visit I make sure to eat at Boiling  Crab. I enjoy their gumbo, shrimp, sausage, cajun fries, sweet potato fries, chicken wings, crab and shrimp.  Their sauces are tasty and always good quality.  I recommend Boiling Crab to anyone visiting California or Vegas. You will not be disappointed.
4	I went to the Boiling Crab on New Years Eve, Service was Great and the Food was Good!I
5	Great substitute to Hot & Juicy and just around the corner. Much larger building and hardly ever a wait. Basically the same menu but I feel the quality of their crab was better. Do not take someone that doesn't like seafood they will be miserable period. I go here at least one time on every visit to Vegas.
3	This place was really good everything I tried was tasty, great service, very friendly!!! A must go try.
5	I came here on Friday and holy!! What an experience!! It's the first time I've had anything like this.  The place was huge and we had a ten minute wait.  It felt so lively. A friend of mine told me I was about to get messy with my food.  Which honestly, didn't seem fun....;  But little did I know...Food - It was delicious. So I had to eat with my hands and get the sauce all over them.  A little weird at first but I got over it once I tasted the sauce.  The shrimp was wonderful.  I also had the fried catfish with fries which was scrumptious.  Atmosphere - Very lively.  Also they had TVs everywhere so I may come by for the games every once in a while.Service - Our server David was very sweet and attentive.  He knew it was my first time so he explained how the menu worked and guided me through out.  He's also very cute and charming.  You can say I have a little crush on himPrice - Seems very affordable.  I recently went to Hot N Juicy, which is pretty much the same style restaurant and their prices are a tad bit higher.  If I had to pick between Boiling Crab and Hot N Juicy.  I'd pick Boiling Crab in a heart beat.  5 Stars - Will be back!!!
4	I come here often and it gets so busy!! I always order the same thing which is rice. shrimp, and fries. All of their food is good!! Even if they're always busy, the workers pay attention to you and make sure you are doing okay. I will always come back in the future.
4	Been here a couple of times and it's about as authentic as a seafood house as I've been to.  The seasonsing for the food is on point and the atmosphere is pretty cool.  It's a lot more fun to eat here with a big group of people, but I guess it's pretty cool for date night too.  The only downfall about this place is there is NO DESSERT!  Gotta have dessert in a place like this IMO.  But overall, the best place for cajun seafood in Vegas that's off the Strip.
5	Damn this place gets me every time the crab is so good that I had to order more the best part is that you can eat with your bare hands like a real cave man lol I recommend anyone who has not been to a boiling crab before you must try the have a lot to choose from on the menu it's not all About crab but for me it is can't wait to go back are waitress an busser mad me want to spend more money great costumer service! Try the lobster bomb aka La Bomba:)
4	its was good. the peeps were nice.
4	Very good service very helpful even with the huge selection !!
4	Do I ask for a bib, no I do not.It's not truly a Cajun cookout without some butter in the cleavage. This place is closest I'll probably ever get to a seafood boil.I love seafood and I don't mind gettin my hands filthy with spices and butter. And here they are generous with both.The shrimp are my favorite, but you can get clams, oysters, crablegs, of course crawfish,  and whatever seasonal seafood they've got. You can pick a sauce. I like the whole shebang but the garlic and hot are also good.Go here before you decide to go to Red Lobster or God forbid, Joe's Crap (that glorious typo stays) Shack. The food here is tasty and the atmosphere is chill. I like coming here.
5	my girlfriend and i always come here for shrimps, gumbo, and their cajun fries!!!!! yummmmmm yummmm! with SHABANG sauce!!! always get good service and the staff are always nice and alert!
5	Oh this one of my favorite places to get down and dirty! All I can say is try the "whole shabang" seasoning on everything! I love the clams and shrimp (had to get used to take the head off). But other than that no complaints. Also get a side of corn and the Cajun fries are soooo deelish.
2	Soggy corn and watery butter.  If I had to choose Red Lobster or The boiling Crab Id take Red Lobster any day.  (As ghetto as that may sound.)
4	The wait back in California, such as its Alhambra, Ktown, or Garden Grove locations can be expected to be about two hours. Over here, it seems like a little known gem since I only waited at most ten minutes! Plus, there were empty tables that I passed on the way to my table, meaning that they just purposely make you wait a little. Probably because everyone wants to be hipster and eat on the Strip. But that's expensive--why fork over your winnings from Vegas there when you can get more for your money here.It is kind of hard to find this place since they don't even have their name on the main plaza sign. But it's not like they need it anyways due to the hype. Take the waitress's offer and have her tie on the bib for you, you're gonna need it. Definitely get Whole Shabang sauce with the cajun fries, which are perfectly crispy. I actually expected the sauce to be a thicker consistency, but it's actually watery but still garlicky spicy goodness. And remember, mild here is not that spicy so spicy-lovers, go to the next level! I would say skip the gumbo, it's not that great. It's better to stick to what they're best at--seafood!
5	We had a date night here. This is the greatest crab restaurant!!! EVER! I has the snow crab with rajun cajun seasoning and XXX spiciness. It wasn't as spicy as I would have liked but then it would have to be atomic for that haha. I love that everything is steamed in bags. Be prepared for the shrimp, they're not peeled. We had to wait 5 minutes to get a table. The sausage was perfect! Our waitress was the best. Always stopping by to make sure we're taken care of even though she had a rush of customers. I love that they put down paper and you just go at it. We went last week and we're going again next week for my birthday. This place is better than joe's crab shack and Cravin Cajun. It was truly amazing. We will go here from now on for our crab and shrimp. they also have catfish and calamari. There are tvs everywhere. Be prepared to use A LOT of napkins. Perfect place!
5	You just have to love this place. If u are looking for something fancy or have a problem eating with your hands this is not the place for you.Everything comes ala carte. They serve seafood seafood and an occasional chicken wing or sausage. You just have to try it once to fall in love . If you come doing rush hours expect to wait.
4	This place was so cool. The have like 40 TVs all over the place and the biggest ceiling fan I have ever seen it was really cool! The crab was awesome but the sauce for it was so good and made it that much better. They have different seasoning for it I would definitely say do the "all in"! I had crawfish, sweet potato fries, snow crab, and shrimp. It was all so good! My kids loved it too and service was excellent. Prices are a little higher only cause its seafood of course but food was exceptional!!!
3	good but crawdaddy is better this is all oil good but long wait and not as good flavor its a hype thing that people are more into service is less than decent
5	All I can say is WOW. I was recommended by a friend and was blown away by how amazing the food was. We had the fried oysters so good we ordered another. The king crab was to die for! I had the garlic medium and my boyfriend had the Cajun medium the was by far some of the best king crab I've ever had. I've been dreaming of it ever since...and can't wait to go back. It's kinda pricey when ordering the king crab but that's the market value and well worth it! Staff is friendly quick and we never had to wait for a thing. Definitely a must if you love seafood.
4	Food is always good... Service was a little lacking this time. Our waitress went on a lunch break leaving us caught in the Bermuda Triangle between servers. My wife and I split an order of 6 medium spicy hot wings, one king crab bag with extra sausage, corn and potatoes. Seasoned with lemon pepper.. Yummy! 3 bud lite beers = $60 (without tip).Get there early, as this place can have a wait the later it gets. The parking lot is kooky.. Lots of zombie walkers and cars zigzagging. It's a good test for new drivers.I shall return!
3	Went during lunch on Saturday. Food came out in too many phases. Corn then rice then calamari then shrimp basket. Pretty simple menu but flavorful.I would recommend for folks on a budget but still want decent seafood
5	This is a shellfish and crustacean glutton's paradise! No utensil unless requested. No plates. Just a wooden table with a sheet of wax paper on it, a bib on your belly, a pile of lemon wedges in the middle of the table (again, no plate) and that's it. Then they bring plastic bags of hot succulent, fresh, plump, perfect craws! Lobsters too! King Crab legs! Dungeness! Shrimp! The seasoning and spice levels can be mixed and matched. I recommend The Whole Shabang at a medium spice level. Although I've been going xxx spicy lately. You will use your hands and you will make a mess! You will feel like a big fat dirty animal. You will feel satisfied!Many folks add potato, sausage and corn to the bags. It's not a bad idea since the flavors mesh so wonderfully. I however do not want any precious stomach space occupied by anything other than the fresh crawfish. I definitely do not understand why someone would come here and order wings (which are actually yummy) or anything for that matter other than those beautiful bags of happiness but I suppose sometimes kids come along. Stupid kids!The crawfish are fresh (which is rare for these parts) so I recommend them as a must- have selection. Close second goes to the King Crab legs. Eve
3	Not too shabby for seafood in Vegas. Very affordable, fast service, great variety.  Good spot to get your quick seafood fix. I ordered snow crab and shrimp.  Pretty fresh and not "fishy" at all. However the crab legs were kind of small compared to normal snow crabs.  I wouldn't mind giving this place another shot.
3	Be prepared to bring a jacket/sweater.. It is FREEZING inside! Great big space for big parties! Friendly and attentive staff! I've recently decided that I like Boiling Crab over Hot N Juicy.. Although I HATE the lingering garlic, spices and butter smell in your hands and mouth equally!This place is actually not that garlicky and the smell only last for three days tops! LOLI always eat shrimp or crab here but this night I actually tried the crawfish-- weird little creatures-- all it's goodness is in the head, then the body has the smallest amount of meat! It was good first try but I prefer my shellfishes to be shrimp or crab!Concept : Pick how many pounds of shrimp, crawfish, crab or lobster you want to eat. Pick a spice (Rajun Cajun, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Butter and the (recommended) Whole Sha-Bang). You also get a choice of if you want to add sausages (delicious!), corn (goes great with everything) or potatoes! They cook everything up in the spices and serve it in a bag, steamed and ready to serve to a table with nothing but napkins and your drinks!They also have good sides like rice, fries, and sweet potatoes. Other items for the none Cajun peeps would be wings, chicken fingers, oysters, fried oysters, or fried shrimp!This is not my choice of food personally, but Boiling Crab does the job when the better half is craving it!
5	Love the crawfish!!!!! It's so amazing! Service has been great every single time! Love how chill the vibe is and the writing on the wood just makes the restaurant relaxed and fun!Thank you boiling crab for hitting the spot every time :))
4	Love it!!  The whole Shebang with sausages, corn and a pound of shrimp is my favorite!!  I recommend this to all seafood lovers that like to eat seafood the way you're supposed to,  with your hands! I also Love the to go pick up window. Fast and very convenient.
5	Oooh, this is it...and I'm letting you know! After having been somewhat disappointed by one of their competitors, The Boiling Crab really stood out for me. The restaurant itself is very open with plenty of seating and while you can obviously smell the seafood, it wasn't like a punch-you-in-the-face smell you might expect. As with similar restaurants, each table is pretty basic with a disposable cover and next to nothing else. I thought it was really cool they let you write on the walls too!With places like this, I come generally for two things only...crawfish and shrimp. I was glad to see that Boiling Crab clearly differentiates between frozen and live crawfish. There's a huge difference and for those complaining about the work to reward ratio, you just ain't doing it right! :P I ended up ordering 1lb of each and loved every bite of it. The crawfish were perfectly cooked and I was in body cracking, head sucking heaven. Even the shrimp were cooked as close to perfect as you can get. They have a couple seasoning choices and if you can't decide what you want, they'll throw it all together for what they call the "Whole Shaw-bang". I opted for that on the crawfish and although I didn't taste much of the lemon pepper, it was delicious. For the shrimp, I ordered it with the "Cajun" seasoning, which is spectacular! Both were super flavorful and with the medium spice, it's the perfect heat level.If you're not into shrimp or crawfish, they have several other options from oysters to lobster. My little man had some crab legs which they happily made plain for him and he devoured them. For those who don't eat seafood, about the only thing they offer is chicken wings, but the wifey ordered those and said they were pretty decent.When it comes to the service, I had no complaints. Our waitress was great and made sure we were taken care of from start to finish. The prices are good too! And while I'm always wanting to check out new joints with crawfish, I'll definitely be back to The Boiling Crab when I want an amazing, messy meal!
5	boling crab how can you go wrong with this place man the best ever i will be back soon .
5	04/11/2014:I guess a place this good is worth waiting for. Our party of 6 was seated in 45 mins on a Friday night. The host was very helpful. The shrimp was excellent. Better than the Cajun boiled shrimp I had in New Orleans the week prior. We each polished off 1.25 pounds of shrimp with "the whole shebang" seasoning. The wait staff was courteous even though it was busy. This was my 4th visit to this location. Will be back again when back in Vegas and get the craving for Cajun shrimp boil.
5	Great food and service. The whole shabang is best seasoning.  Well worth the price, would recommend it to anyone looking for great seafood.  Will definitely return.
5	Amazing food, Leanne was a terrific server...  I can't wait to go back.  Thank you Leanne!
4	The food is really fresh and the different sauces are fantastic. The service is upbeat and attentive. Just be prepared to wait, they get busy. A good place for large groups with a lot of TVs to watch the game!
3	Service is always great & every time I come I'm seated quickly (which I'm not use to, always use to waiting for 40+ mins in California). Dock two stars because...They always give such little seasoning with a pound of shrimp, it's never enough. Seasoning never settles into the shrimp like it does in So Cal. I'm so use to getting so much flavor within the shrimp & lots of seasoningSpice level is not always consistent. I'm a fan of spicy food so a few weeks ago when I ordered XXX my mouth was on fire, this week ordered XXX and felt like I was eating medium level.Their seasoning is not always consistent either. Always get the whole shabang seasoning and it is normally bland or just right.Cajun fries are to die for! Also, order rice, don't let that seasoning go to waste after you've finished the shrimp. HaDespite all that, I always come back when I want some delicious seafood.
3	I was there yesterday and I arrived after everyone's order was taken. I knew what I wanted as soon as I sat down but for some reason no one knew who our server was and wouldn't just take my order. I was sitting there for a while until someone finally came but not because they wanted to take my order but only for last call for kitchen orders.  Other than that the shrimp was good.
4	Seafooddd! I cannot tell you how much I adore seafood. Especially when it comes to seafood served in a bag and eating with your hands like a Filipino FOB (if you know what that means), the Boiling Crab is a best place of its kind! First, you choose your seafood. Second, how many pounds. Third, you choose the flavor. Lastly, you order some yummy cajun fries, squirt ketchup all over your newly papered table--then they tie a 'baby bib' around your neck and you are seriously READY to make a big big mess on your table! But usually, since I don't like to always look like some crazy food addict, I call in my order to-go and pick it up so that I can just eat like a lunatic in my own home. Or you call your family members and make the mess at their house ;)My favorite thing to do is order a pound of shrimp or crab or crawfish (if you like it) in the Whole Shebang sauce and call it a night! Also, when I eat in the restaurant, me and my cousin like to order fresh oysters--which are super yummy and not dirty tasting here!After you are done, your stomach will be thanking you. P.S. If you noticed that your breath has changed overnight, it might (a) make your coworkers jealous that you ate like a king/queen yesterday and/or (b) require several serious hours of eating mints, brushing your teeth, and using mouthwash!Goood luck and happy eating :)
4	The food was excellent. The service was also excellent. The food came out to the table very fast. The menu prices are not outrageous like you would expect for a seafood restaurant. $15 for a dozen raw oysters. Not bad.The spices on the Gulf shrimp and the clams were very good. It was not that hot for me though. I prefer spicy foods, so it may be hot for some people. The fried oysters were also very good. The raw oysters they serve are from the Gulf of Mexico. I prefer cold water oysters, but these were excellent. The fried shrimp were good, but small. The king crab and the fried calamari were good too.The only complaints I have is that they do not have metal forks to shell the shrimp, so it is a tedious task with the sauce all over the shrimp. It makes it difficult to shell with your fingers or the plastic fork they give you. Next visit I will have to bring my own fork. They also have Green Mussels that are not on the menu. They were good, but they were not cooked long enough and the mussels did not open.I will definitely be back. I look forward to trying the other items on the menu. I would recommend this place if you enjoy seafood.
4	Well to sum it up who are allergic to seafood would probably need to stay away but  then again they do have other items in the menu such as their chicken wings that are pretty good too for the non seafood lovers.  But enough with the constraints let's talk about why we go here in the first place.  First up the service, this is probably the only Cajun style seafood restaurant in town that has the shortest wait time, probably due to the space, its twice as or close to three times bigger than the other similar restaurants in town.   Don't get me wrong, service is still fast, i like it that the servers are fairly organized.  Next the food, the shrimp is a great start and probably the best bang for the buck, note 3lbs is plenty for a party of 4.  Throw in some sausages, corn and some rice you got a full meal.  The snow crabs & king crabs are great albeit +/-$18/lb market price at least here in Las Vegas. So the price of your meal can get up there.  Their oysters are the common pacific oyster variety, fresh and always a sure bet.  Their crawfish can vary depending if its season or not which the latter you will get the frozen kind, which to doesn't bother me the least.  All in all the foods flavor is based on their numerous sauces which goes with the garden variety Lemon Pepper sauce to the hodgepodge of Cajun flavor The Whole Sha-Bang.  In addition, you can choose from varying heat levels, I love choices.Overall, its a flavorful experience that keeps me coming back for more.
4	It's a good place to go and eat with friends... The shrimp is juicy but I wish it would have just a bit more flavor...
5	They legitimately have the best seafood as far as the crab, lobster, and many others in town. They bring it in town fresh every day. And they are never small crab legs. My husband and I come here quit often, love it.
1	Save your time and money and head East to Joe's Crab Shack. A sloppy bag of sauce and crab legs (hardly any meat in them and not close to the 1 lb. I paid for) was disappointing! I have always wanted to try this place but won't be back ever! Service was mediocre. I also expected the rajun cajun to have more flavor.They have signs all over that they prosecute "dine and dashers"  I dreaded paying for this meal and can understand why they need those signs.  What a waste of money $
1	Food was nasty, definitely not fresh and  service was horrible! Plus there was no reason why there should've been a wait time when there were a ton of tables available. We are definitely sticking to hot & juicy. Because this joint ain't nowhere near its level.
5	I love it I didn't like shrimp before and now at boiling crab it changed. I love the shrimp the favor is so good I can have a bucket of it. The chicken wings are delicious! And the fries and rice is so good! I love the Boiling Crab
5	My son & his girlfriend took us here while in Vegas.  They knew about the place from the one in San Jose, CA.  It was AWESOME!!!  Delicious and tons of garlic - just how I like it.  The price was great - I'll definitely go again.  Yuuummmm!!!
5	I wish there was one here in Arizona! My husband and I came here with our family and friends for lunch while vacationing in Vegas. We arrived around 11:30am and there was already a whole bunch of people waiting to get in, mind you this place does not open til' 12pm. My husband and I ordered 2 pounds of shrimp, the whole sha-bang medium, 1 pound of crawfish, the whole sha-bang XXX spicy and an order of rice. It's never a disappointment when we come here!
5	I finally made it to The Boiling Crab.  I was in Viva last week and found myself sitting in the parking lot waiting for the place to open.  Turns out there were several other cars filled with people waiting for the doors to be opened.  LOL!!I did carryout as I was solo and wanted to eat in my hotel room.  I ordered a pound of shrimp, a pound of mussels, corn and fries - all with "the whole shebang"  medium sauce.  I gotta tell you - the service was great and everything tasted excellent!  I could have drank a glass of that sauce alone.    By the time I checked out of my hotel room three days later, it still reeked of "the whole shebang"!!  I will return the next time I am in Viva in November.
5	So my hubby and I went here about 8ish on a Thursday night. We waited for about 15 minutes.We were seated and the waiter came directly to us in no time. I ordered 2lbs. Of snow crab legs which came up to about 32.00 bucks. I also ordered the Cajun plain fries which were good but a tad but too salty for my taste.This place is a nice size and everyone seems very friendly.I would highly recommend this place.
5	We go this restaurant everytime we visit Vegas.Waiting time of Boiling Crab in Las Vegas is much less than L.A.No explain is needed. Just visit and try.
5	Loved it so good, was on vacation from California. So glad they had a boiling crab out here!
5	Hands down, the best crab place on the West coast. Leave the jewelry at home because you're eating with your hands. The seafood is served by the pound, but there are also dishes for the land lovers.  There are 4 kinds of sauce the food is served in.  Garlic butter is awesome for the less adventurous type but you ain't eating at the Boiling Crab if you ain't eating everything in the Whole shabang sauce. The only Vegas location is always busy but we're usually seated much quicker than the California locations I've been to.
5	Amazing food!!! The service was great also! The fries are so nice and crispy and I can tell the seafood is great because I did not get sick the next day. Just make sure you are positive about handling really spicy food because the XXX is hot. And you may suffer a little bit during your bathroom trips. But overall, great restaurant and great environment to take friends or family to.
3	I was first introduced to boiling crab in LA and I love it!! It's so satisfying to make a mess, crack some shells and enjoy your well deserved meal. I always go with the whole shebang sauce ...medium spicy is still pretty spicy. I usually order at least 3 lbs. of shrimp, a couple lbs. of crab, some corn and fries  (that's good for 5 people at least).Sometimes we get clams or try something new.The food is great...but the service could have been better. We asked for some tools to break the crab open with and by the time they had grabbed the tools for us, the crab got cold. My dad asked for a coke at the beginning of our meal, and asked a second time after our first round of good came...and never got his drink. The waiters just seem a bit disorganized.Overall I still love this place and would definitely come back.
5	I first tried Boiling Crab when I was in Cali with my friends. I immediately fell in love with this place. Being Filipino I usually eat with my hands at times because that is just my culture, but here you get to as well! They line your table up with a huge "paper like" lining because it does get messy, but usually delicious foods are messy right? The way you order goes all the way down to what sauce you prefer and how spicy you want. Choices of food includes crab, shrimp, oysters, crawfish, hot wings, clams just to name a few populars. Boiling Crab is one of my favorite places to eat at. I have probably been here at least 10 times already with my friends and any time a family member or someone I know is visiting in town I would take them here. They are usually almost packed when I come here so that tells you a lot. I just love seafood and this place just satisfies me every single time I come here.
4	There's a lot of TV here and they are all in same channel and they got a huge ceiling fan too         Great food thou.      Awesome
5	Although the wait time ranged to about 45 minutes, the tremendous service and food completely made up for it.  My sister and I shared a pound of shrimp, rice, and some corn. The food came out very fast and flavorful.Following, a welcoming, friendly waiter supplied us with wonderful service.We definitely recommend this place due to its cleanliness, delicious food, and outstanding service.
2	Decided to come here today instead of Hot N Juicy. I have been here before and thought I would try the "new item" BC Cajun Chowder described as "thick and hearty served with a scoop of white rice."  The server asked if I wanted it with rice. I asked if I could have the rice on the side because I didn't want too much rice. She said "no we can't make substitutions". An item that comes with rice and my only request is to put the scoop of rice in another cup instead of mixing together, can not be accommodated? Really BC? No thanks, keep it. Next time Hot N Juicy for sure!
4	So happy to discover a Boiling Crab in Vegas. Came around 7:30pm on a thursday and waited about 30 minutes which is pretty darn good compared to the 1 1/2 to 2 hour waits in LA. 3lbs of Snow crab legs with the whole shebang sauce and a few ears of corn thrown in were the bomb! The shebang sauce is to die for. Be prepared to make a mess. It's worth it.
5	Love this joint!The line wasn't so bad. 20 mins for a party of 4. The waiting area is pretty decent and there are people waiting outside to be called. As soon we were seated, ordered food...and I was quite impressed how fast the food had came shortly after we ordered.The spice level is spectacular, said my Wife. She's a spicy eater and the last place we gone to did not met her expectation. She was so pleased with their "XXX" Spice Level. The staff members are friendly and normally only certain waiter or waitress served an area, but here, however, everybody help one another. So getting helped was quick. The food price is a little more than others, then again, the crawfish had a couple of big ones. Which is a plus! Food was excellent , will be retuning.
5	Best. Shrimp. And. Cajun. Fries. In. Town.I love love coming here whenever I'm super hungry or craving seafood. They have the best shrimp and cajun fries in town. I love the atmosphere and friendly workers. They all always look like they're having so much fun and most of the girls wear jean shorts and nike shoes. Just a little observation I took note of, lol. It can get pretty busy but definitely worth the wait! They have a lot of workers so expect to be helped fast and with a smile always!I went with my boyfriend and his family and our server was Joey. He was super cool and really nice. He introduced himself to us right at the beginning and is very social and knows his menu for sure! Always checked up on us, made sure we were good, and got us taken care of quickly and efficiently. Our waters were constantly refilled and needs were fulfilled. I felt so needy but he never made us feel like it was too much to ask for. Excellent customer service! The whole shabang shrimp mild (half pound) with a side of rice and cajun fries is my usual. SUCH a delicious meal. I am craving it right now as we speak! Their prices are very reasonable for how good their food is. I love putting limes to season my shrimp. Their mild cajun fries are just the right amount of spicy! And the side of rice is a good portion. I share half and half with someone usually because it's too much for me!If you're down to get dirty and have a good time, this is definitely the place.
3	The boiling crab isn't my favorite place for crawfish but it will do. It's not busy like hot n juicy, a quick in and out and perfect for groups. Moderately prices and ok service. I always get 1 lb of shrimp lemon pepper & Cajun fries!
5	Once you step into this establishment, you will be welcomed by a host or hostess who's friendly personality will make your day. When you and your party are settled, your server's charm will make you forget about that long waiting list that you were in. My server was excellent at his job. Whenever we would ask questions about the menu, he would answer it with no hesitation. He was not one of those servers who would disappear once we got our order. He always checked up on us and ask if we were satisfied with our food. As always, the food was was delicious. My favorite seafood is crab, so I had high expectations of this place. I got the whole shebang king crab legs with a side of white rice. If I had to describe my meal in one word, it would be "heavenly." Remember, this is not some fancy restaurant. To eat your food, you have to use your bare hands. So just a reminder, you are about to get down and dirty.   The atmosphere of the place is amazing. Not only do they have welcoming employees, but the room makes you feel like you are on the boardwalk in California. Each and everyone that works here always seem to look like they are having fun. With their bubbly personalities, your server will try their best to make your experience outstanding.Overall, this restaurant is incredible. You and your guests will have an enjoyable time. I recommend this to everyone, especially to all of the seafood lovers out there!
5	This place is awesome! I have usually gone to Hot & Juicy but decided to try something new. There is no difference aside from the fact that this restaurant is twice as big so it is far from crowded. Also, they have TVs everywhere, which makes it great for sports fans! I will definitely be returning here!
4	This place is prob one of favorite places to go in Vegas. Good food, great atmosphere and the service was pretty much awesome. I would most def bring all my friends and family here to enjoy the seafood! Shrimps !!!!!!
4	The Boiling Crab is a good place to go if you want to wear a plastic bib with a picture of a large crab on it while you eat with your hands and smell like garlic when you leave--we love it!  The first time I ate at BC was in LA with my little brother, where we got in line with about 20 other people half an hour before they opened on a Friday afternoon--popular!  That hasn't been the case so far at this Decatur location, but we usually arrive around 5:30 to beat the crowds who do show up by the time we're leaving.  Eating here is fairly straightforward:-pick your seafood and order by the pound:  shrimp, crawfish, oysters, clams, lobster, blue crab, king crab legs, snow crab legs, and Dungeness crab are your choices.  Your server will inform you up front if they are out of anything that day.-pick your sauce:  Rajun Cajun, lemon pepper, garlic sauce, or the Whole Sha-Bang, which is a combo of all three sauces.-pick your spice level:  non-spicy, mild, medium, and XXX.  Fried options include catfish, shrimp, chicken tenders, calamari, oysters, and hot wings.Sides are gumbo, Cajun chowder, corn on the cob, potatoes, sausages, Cajun fries, lemon pepper fries, sweet potato fries, steamed rice.(Yes, I just summarized the menu.)I usually get a pound of shrimp with mild Whole Sha-bang sauce, steamed rice, and a corn on the cob.  This past visit, we also had sweet potato fries first.  My method of eating shrimp is to peel a bunch first, then eat with rice, peel another bunch, eat, repeat, until all the shrimp is gone, my hands are red from the Sha-bang sauce, and the table is a disaster area.  What's so great about this place is that there are always so many other Asians there, mainly Filipinos from what I saw the last time; it feels like I'm at a family party.  Any opportunity that we get to eat rice and seafood with our hands is a good one, apparently.  There are TVs everywhere, so you can watch a good game or ESPN while you nosh.  This is a great place to go with friends and dig into your food.  Just don't wear white.
4	The boiling crap is the good place to go for me and friends.. Always busy and have to wait but I still want to sit there even they want me to wait 30mins. I love this place and Ill take more friends to come and try out. They have a good sweat potatoes .
4	We would always make it a point to stop by Boiling Crab during our trips to California so finally when they opened one up in Vegas it became another monthly dine in spot for us. The Calamari is always on point! We usually get a couple pounds of shrimp, calamari, Cajun fries, and the chicken tenders for the kids. Every now and then we order crab but it can get pricey, we love to eat and 1 pound of crab is never enough! The service is always good, their friendly, fast and they tend to follow up. They get busy so it's hard to catch your server but all the employees are usually helpful even if it's not their table. Joseph was our server this time around and he was Great!
5	Hands down the best I've ever had! I've always been a fan of boiling crab, hot n juicy never hit the spot. Everything you order is by the pound and price varies per season. I always get 2lbs crawfish with the Cajun sauce, 2lbs shrimp with Cajun sauce, side of jasmine rice, potatoes, half pound of sausage, and corn. This is more than enough to feed 3 girls. I spent a total of $53 not bad. They give u a bib so you don't get dirty. No plates necessary just eat out the bag. The food is so flavorful! I don't recommend eating here before a date or going to the club. Service is always great whenever I'm here. I would recommend this place to everyone who loves seafood.
4	If your idea of a good time is digging into a pile of dead crustaceans, seasoned to your liking from mild to ouch, and washing it down with beer then you sir have found a friend.Aside from being the typical seafood holocaust mecca, this place boasts many a large screen TVs, great for moments when you come up for air from under your mound of seafood. Definitely come here for shrimp, crawdads, and sweet potato fries. Skip on the red knuckle bugs and filling yourself on calamari. What they do best are shrimp and crayfish. Servers are expedient in your seafood warpath needs with plastic bibs of conqueroring and the occasional brew of the vanquisher. Also, don't be shy asking for extra butter. Tackling 5+ pounds of crayfish alone you will need backup and lubricant. You're welcome.
5	Came here on a Monday night around 7 PM. There was about a 20 minute wait. Once we were seated the server explained how everything worked. She was in a very good mood and extremely friendly I wish I knew her name. Service was beyond fast I don't think we waited more than five minutes for our food. We got a pound of king crab legs, clams and shrimp. We only ended up getting three legs I don't think it was really worth the $31 for just the crab, though it was delicious. We also got beer and sweet potato fries. Everything ended up being about $66. Great food if you're ok with getting messy.
5	Garlic buttery awesome cajun saucy goodness!!!! There's no better place to eat with your hands than this!  It is finger licking good!  The place is spacious (bigger than hot n juicy).  The ambiance is as if you're at Louisiana or somewhere in the south.  They seat you with a big sheet of paper that covers your table and bibs (yes the bibs are highly recommended).  I typically get 2 pounds of crawfish with the whole shebang sauce.  Garlic buttery cajun saucy goodness!  The only bad thing is you're going to smell like garlic for a good couple of days and if you have a purse, it'll smell like garlic for about a week.
5	I I love the boiling crab, in my opinion it is better than hot and juicy. The wait time is usually shorter when you come before they close. The food is good and the price isn't too bad.
5	During my week vacation in Vegas, we came here twice. I wanted to go a third time before leaving for our flight, but the wife says that was pushing it. LOL. Place is big and we didn't have to wait for a table (both times, we went during off hours).We came with friends and ordered tons of crawfish and shrimp. We ordered some medium and some spicy. OMG, the spicy is...SPICY! I can handle a good amount of heat and I'm so glad a restaurant know's what spicy means. It was so good! Even the medium has a nice Kick to it. Sauce was lick my fingers good, but doing too much licking kinda burnt a hole in my tongue. HAHAHA. The corn that comes with the crawfish is also quite delicious (sweet and spicy flavor). So fresh too! If you want something to help drown some of the heat, order white rice. That's what I did, and so glad I did.Overall: I want to just fly out to Vegas just to come here! Hot n Juicy is good, but nothing compared to Boiling Crab.
1	I came from Los Angeles and I have been to all the locations over there. I'm not sure why this one has a different experience. I love boiling crab but the Las Vegas location, not so much. I come with my girlfriend often and we always have rude servers. Maybe because we are younger they think we aren't good tippers. I've had several rude hosts, and the one time it was decent was when I brought my family. That's just rude that it has to be that way. I am a great tipper but the servers didn't get much from me and I hate not tipping. When they are about to be off their shift they basically forget about you and leave you to find someone for your check or any other orders. When I order the shrimp there's barely any sauce in there!! Over in California for all the bags is just about halfway full if not all the way to give it some flavor. Lacking on the sauce!Lacking on the service!Also, why is there no option for frozen crawfish? All the other locations always have it... Sometimes I feel like the crawfish aren't cooked thoroughly since I've gotten sick one of the times from eating here, yet I'm not sure why I come back. Maybe it's because every time I come, I have hopes of it having better day. What's up management?
4	Lives up to the hype. Had a moderate wait since the place was packed when I went. Had a puns of shrimp in the whole shabang sauce which is a combination of all the sauces. Packed with flavor, shrimps were large and fresh. Their Cajun fries were awesome, too. The water was nasty, though. Mine tasted like they were soaking raw seafood in it.
3	Boiling Crab is good, but they're average compared to hot 'n juicy. Hot 'n juicy has gloves, and better service. When I came here for the first time, service was great and the food was fantastic, but when I came here yesterday, the greeter/hostess girl didn't tear us enough paper to cover the table for the four of us, so we had to cram our food into about 3/4 of the actual table space we had. Our waiter was phenomenal though, she came back to check on us a lot and was super friendly. All of us got a pound of shrimp and a random girl delivered our food, but we couldn't understand what she was saying because she slurred all of her words together so instead of "a pound of shrimp, garlic sauce", it sounded like "apoundofshrimpgarlicsauce" in a high-pitched annoying voice. We kept saying "what" because it was that bad. And half of my shrimps were crushed when I got them. I've had better experiences at Boiling Crab, wasn't impressed with last night's food.
5	Wow!! Today was my first time here and I fell in love. My new fav place to go to for delicious Cajun sea food! Staff was very friendly, place was clean (including the bathrooms!) and the food was delicious. Best part was most of the food sold is finger food which made it that much more fun! We ordered the Cajun shrimp,sold by the pound @ market price. Ours was 11.99/ lb. we also for their Cajun French fries and sausage and shrimp gumbo. We got to select how spicy we wanted the shrimp and fries and mild was just enough kick for a Mexican that doesn't like spicy food. Our food arrived very fast, so we didn't have to sit there and wait. Servers were very attentive to what was needed and prompt with anything requested. Can't wait to come back!
5	The wait wasn't as long as the places in California, which is AMAZING!!!!! We waited for probably 5 minutes max!!Once we were seated and ordered our food came out practically immediately! The servers here are amazing!!! They refill your drink immediately with smiles!!! They catered to our every need with smiles!They also cAlled us a cab 3 times! Definitely recommend this place! The food is worth it and so is the service!
5	FAMOUS FOR:- Shellfish served in bags of hot cajun spices & sauceI'VE TRIED- Shrimp in Whole Shebang Medium (8/10)- King Crab in Whole Shebang Medium (10/10)Ohhh man! How lucky are you! If you're reading this - there's a good chance you're waiting in line at a Boiling Crab or are driving there. That means you're in the vicinity of a Boiling Crab or are making plans to be in the vicinity of one. All of these situations are so much cooler than mine, because the closest Boiling Crab to me is over 900 miles away! If you've never been here, they did a really good job with their menu showing you the 3 steps of ordering. Most of the seafood is market price. You basically 1) Choose your seafood2) Choose your sauce3) Choose your level of spice.It then comes to you in a big clear plastic bag with whatever shellfish drowning in the sauce of your choice. You have to peel or crack the shells and then eat it. I recommend re-dipping it in the sauce after peeling/cracking. WARNING! The sauce is HOT! Not immediate scalding hot, but probably can't stick your finger in there for more than a second.It's also good to get fries or something too - because the flavors are intense, and you don't want to start getting accustomed to it. You need to simmer down with the fries or rice, and then shock the system again with the sauce again!SAUCE: WHOLE SHEBANGThe "Whole Shebang" is essentially all of the other 3 sauces combined. You get: Rajun Cajun, Lemon Pepper, and Garlic Sauce all combined into 1.Seasoning is great! Whatever shellfish you decide to drench in this sauce will get some added seasoning and fill in whatever small gaps might be left by the shellfish alone. If things start getting too salty, eat a few fries to calm things down, and then go for it again!The flavors are awesome! Honestly, I can taste Rajun Cajun, and I definitely can taste Garlic, but Lemon Pepper is the little squirt in this bunch. There's nothing lemony about any flavor, but if you think hard about it, you can convince yourself that you taste it. The pepper is definitely not going to be individually picked out, since you got enough peppers in the creole seasoning. The garlic is awesome! There's no quenching my lust for garlic, so of course I'd want more, but there're garlic pieces floating around in that sauce sometimes. SPICE: MEDIUMAs for spice, I love spicy foods! I wanted to try XXX just to see how bad it was, but I was with 2 people who not only couldn't tolerate spice, but also had long nights of drinking, so they had sour stomachs. So, I had to go one step lower and got Medium. Having said all that, Medium ain't really joking around either. The sauce flavors are all so delicious and intensely flavorful that you don't really complain too much about the spice, although I was a little disappointed. Fast forward to the end of the meal, and I was reaching for that glass of water! My lips were burning, and my tongue wasn't exactly reclining on the La Z Boy. This was one of the slowest gradual burns I've ever had, and it gets pretty hot. If Medium got this hot (which is 2nd to hottest), I'm even more curious now as to how bad XXX is! SHRIMPThe shrimp should be considered as a "filler." Even with the sauce, it starts to get a little boring after a while, but a lb of shrimp will go a long way! Most are cooked right, but there're some that are a little well done, so they're kind of dry and rubbery...which means MOAR SAUS!! If you never had anything else here, and just started on shrimp, I think you'd be perfectly content. The shrimp is pretty clean, but I don't think they really make an effort to de-vein. Since you are actually peeling, nothing's hidden, and you see that line of shrimp poop, and suddenly, you want it a little less. I will say this, though, it is cleaner than other similar types of places I've been to!KING CRABOh wow! The crab is just awesome. Even by itself, it's great! Perfectly cooked, seasoned well, and they're even pretty meaty! Then you add the sauce, and you just can't get enough! ...and there in lies the problem...market price is quite pricey! 1 lb could be up to $20, but 1 lb would hardly serve as an appetizer! That's why you have to get some shrimp in order to leave full.BOILING GOLDI love this place, and you're damn right I'll be back! I just wish it didn't cost so much to eat here. I'd say a person could do 2 lb crab and .5 lb shrimp, plus drinks and sides, and get something like a $60-80 meal! You'll be satisfied, but not as full as you'd expect after dropping that much dough. In any case, pray you win at Vegas (yeah right) and wait in line here with the best of us! Now..if I can only convince them to open one here!
5	LOVE this place. Amazing crab...cajun fries... and corn. Servers are always nice. Highly recommend. It gets packed on weekends so get ready to wait.
5	For me an indulgence...as good as it gets besides when we are in Maryland having crab outside overlooking the water with the family.I love the sauces, the crab and shrimp that I eat with the rice with my hands.  I love seafood in general and while there are plenty of other even fancier places with great seafood, the casual, just all out there grub atmosphere just makes it a different experience.  You can enjoy it in your rare form :)  There's a time and place or everything, sometimes you want to get dressed up and have a nice seafood dinner, sometimes you just want to sit there and get messy!This was a usual stop for me when going home to CA, was overly excited when they opened on in Las Vegas!
5	This is the place to come if you are jonesing for some seafood. They ran out of blue crab, dungeness, and fresh crawfish. But it's still all good. It's always a crowd so come before you get super hungry!
5	Beyond delicious love the hot whole shabang. Oysters are very fresh. I wish they opened before 3pm
1	SLOW AS FUCK. Don't come here unless you are not hungry. Food takes forever. Great place if you want to drink beer and watch TV and not eat
4	Boy oh boy do I love me some Boiling Crab. My mom and I went there just the two of us and we ordered a lot and managed to devour most of it! It was so good. Crawfish, Shrimp, Chicken Wings, and Lobster... The Whole Shabang style. Side of rice of course and some corn.Coming to Boiling Crab isn't just eating out, it's a fun experience with the bibs and the adventure of eating. I love spicy but their Medium is actually pretty spicy so I went for mild and that still had a pretty rad kick to it. The service, it's young kids but they're good at what they do, they crack jokes with you and it's a pleasant atmosphere. Vegas has a much better Boiling Crab. It's large in space and there is NO WAIT. Love it here.
5	I grew up across the street from the original location in Cali. This place is too bomb.
5	We were in the mood for crab legs off the strip.... This place hit the spot!!! We showed up close to closing time so they were out of a few things, mainly fresh seafood like oysters. The restaurant was huge...we waited 5-10 minutes for a table while growing more hungry because of the yummy smells. Our waitress was very friendly. The snow crab and shrimp were tasty and the gumbo flavorful. We will be back to make another mess. P.s... You will make a mess if you know what's good.
5	Boy did I ever enjoy this place. We went on a friday for a birthday and the wait was about 30 minutes. Worth it. I wish I would have got the servers name because he was kind as could be. The food is served (the potatoes, crab, corn) is all served in plastic bags filled with seasoning and butter. No plates! Over all, really good service, food and timing. I will come again!
5	This place is the best for all you seafood lovers. I personally love their garlic sauce non spicy. The lemon pepper mild spicy had the right kick to it, considering I don't eat a lot of spicy food. The calamari was also cooked to perfection. The ambiance was nice and very laid back. Make sure you wear the plastic bib as it can get really messy! The service was also fast and very friendly. Overall the food and experience was excellent.  I highly recommend this place.
5	This fun and delicious feast was freaking mind blowing. The boiling crab is a great place to enjoy some fun sloppy eating with hands. The messier the better as they totally encourage it.I selected the fried calamari, 1 pound of shrimp with the whole sha-bang seasoning as well as seasoned fries. I really enjoyed this meal a lot and I was totally moaning and LOUD. I love shrimp so that is a no brainer choice when I come here. I also enjoyed their sweet and juicy corn on the cob. I was squirting all over the place while eating the corn off the cob, it is super seasoned, juicy and SWEET!I must mention that my friend ordered a pound of king crab legs and they were Amazing. She gave me a leg that was more like the size of an arm. That meat was so plump juicy and sweet that I almost lost my mind while savoring it.This was a last minute treat from a new friend of mine, I was truly spoiled today!Mmmmm the food and service is great I really like The boiling crab!I am pleased to announce that The boiling crab has bumped up to 5 stars from my last review rating of 4 stars.
5	C/money holler... the Rachelle.crowd luvs the serivce.and.the food nom nom nom......seriously best food.should.be.illegal
5	Was looking to go somewhere a little different for my casual birthday dinner with friends and someone suggested I go here because they're great with large parties. I absolutely loved the king crab legs with lemon pepper seasoning that I ordered, also got fries and rice. Everything was awesome. The place was jam packed, it was a Friday night so there was a 45 minute wait but it was worth it. Will return!
2	Don't understand why this place gets such good reviews. The seafood is mediocre.  We ordered king crab and crawfish, both with the whole shebang sauce. The wait staff were friendly and quick....no complaints there. The sauce was ordinary....Cajun sauce with garlic...not even a hint of lemon. The crab wasn't worth coming back for and the crawfish, although the sign promised fresh, definitely weren't fresh....nor even edible. We had a side of gumbo which was ok but we both were still hungry because our taste buds were just awakened....not fulfilled.  Since the seafood wasn't worth reordering , we got fried shrimp and fries! That was good...actually very good. But there are lots of places in LVs Chinatown to get tasty fried shrimp.
5	In town I believe this is one of the best. The sauce is really good and the clams and shrimp are always cooked to perfection. Just wear some clothes you can get dirty in. :)
4	This is great food I never had. It is so yum yum . Will come again
5	I've been coming to the boiling crab for 2 years now. I will always come here just because of the King Crab Legs and before today not so much for the service because I always thought it was horrible. Today, my experience was completely turned around. I came in with my husband and family, and forewarned them that the service was horrible but the food was undeniable.Our server, Christian was all smiles greeting our table with a personality on him that could brighten the whole restaurant. He was extremely professional, asking if we were all on one or separate checks. He took our drink order immediately and delivered them quickly. As soon as he came back with the drinks, it was right down to business taking the order. He repeated our order and made sure it was correct, and quickly entered it into the computer. He even came back to let us know that the order was in and should be out shorty!!! He was just incredible!!I have always been loyal to the boiling crab, but never crazy about the service. Today, changed everything. Christian is definitely an asset to your company and brand. There should be more servers like him. Thank you Christian!!
1	If you want to get your hands dirty and like eating without utensils or plates, this might be the place for you. Plan on no green vegetables. And, a pound if anything includes quite a bit of product you cannot eat.
5	The whole experience was completely orgasmic!! Service was great (thanks Michelle) and the food was to die for! Get the whole sha-bang! Omg :)
5	Yummy! Every visit has always been a success! The fried calamari, sweet potato fries, & oysters are bomb! Shrimp & Alaskan King Crab are delicious. I always order the original seasoning in mild spice...so good! Don't forget to order a side of rice & add potatoes & corn to your bag of shellfish!
4	Boiling Crab is really good and very popular in Vegas! I personally am more of a Hot N Juicy Crawfish fan due to the HNJ special sauce they have but Boiling Crab is a nice change of pace once in awhile and has their own special sauces. Definitely worth checking out both places if you like seafood. You can go and make a decision for yourself on which you prefer.
3	I saw so many of my friends posts picture of this restaurant on FB, so I wanted to try but was skeptical about how expensive it's going to be to eat there cause you know it's seafood!  Anyways,  I tried it cause my friends tell me it's really good and you get to meet different races there.  Like Hawaiians, asians and etc...  So it felt like your in a different place.  Anyways,  back to the food.  So my friends ordered a pound of shrimp and rice. I decided just to get the fried Calamari.   So the waiter took our ordered.  He was nice, good customer service until when the food arrives.   I gave it 3 stars out of 5 because I guess our waiter wrote on his note pad extra shrimp, extra fried calamari.   And the young lady server was getting kinda confused herself.  She keeps telling us, so no one ordered EXTRA fried calamari,  EXTRA pound shrimp?  And we looked at her and said, "NO!"  Not only that but after we were done eating my friends got charge extra for something that wasn't supposed too.  But for me, I was happy with my bill. lol.......
5	This place gets 5 stars now.. I've gone there about 10 times since my last post and it keeps getting better and better. It beats Hot & Juicy.  Bigger restaurant, more room, less wait.  OH and lots of TVs so you can enjoy fantasy football with pounds of crawfish in your face.YUM :)I always get the whole shabang medium.  Medium is like a 6-7 on a Thai Spice scale.
5	Awesome place for seafood. I had the Raw oysters, the King crab legs in a bag, and the Cajun chowder without rice. Not only is the seafood fresh not frozen and then thawed, the seasoning is really good and adjusted to taste so it's not plain for anyone who likes some spice in their food, it actually made it better. The price is also reasonable for what you are getting which is seafood, definitely will not break the bank. The service was good and the ambience was great specially for groups or two people if that is your choice. Being that it is hard to find good seafood places outside the Strip this is a good place to come to and not have to deal with traffic, parking, and paying more at some other places for the same thing. This has become a favorite place for me since I am a seafood lover.
5	I love this place every time I come and eat here theres never anything wrong the service is always amazing and there super nice. I also tried the Cajun chowder it was perfect it was worth the $9 bucks :) I don't think I can ever say anything bad. I also got the sweet potato fries   always a great add.
4	I really liked this place! Not something you can get in the Burgh.  King crab legs, shrimp, potatoes, corn, sausage (the best) in a bag of Cajun sauce.  A bit odd to eat with hands on a table so be sure to wash before you sit.  I may go back tomorrow.  Definitely made up for last nights buffet disaster on the strip.
5	On the five-hour drive home, all I could do was talk Mr. W.'s ear off about how young and fresh [just like I like my men?] those crawfish were!  By far my most favorite place for crawfish, hands down.Mr. W. was the one who had originally wanted to try out The Boiling Crab.  We've all heard how big they are in California and being that Arizona has HnJ and AC, BC was a temptress.  My friend had said it was oily like AC so I was really put off with that notion.  Ignoring her warning, we went to BC and it turned out to be my second favorite meal in Vegas for our trip!Those crawfish were fresh!  The lungs were still white and not awkwardly grey or muddy; the head-fat wasn't bitter, black, or goopy but perfectly colored and sweet [head-fat that holds together in one sweet piece is an A+ in my book]; and the tail was so easy to break apart.  Chipping your nails trying to wrestle a tiny piece of tail-meat always leaves me salty so this makes me very happy.  The whole sha-bang sauce is pretty decent with chunks of garlic, not too spicy [this is where HnJ might have a *slight* advantage... their sauce is more broth-like] and not as oily as my friend made it out to be.  I enjoyed my every bit of my 2lbs. of crawfish and I will admit that I probably could have taken down another pound!  We also shared 1lb of lemon pepper shrimp, six raw oysters [plump, briny, and delicious] with lip-smacking spicy cocktail sauce [I liked to dip my crawfish meat in it every now and then], and a cup of gumbo [I recommend getting it with more sausage and shrimp].  Mr. W. had his heart set on the chowder but they sadly ran out.  Oh well.  Only means we have to stop by again!  I washed all this down with a sweet green tea and it was a great dinner in Sin City!This restaurant is huge so a wait time was never an issue for us even at 6:00PM.  I love how sweet and attentive the wait staff is!  Pitchers of limes dumped onto the table?  Yes please!  I also like how they tie the bibs on you.  Ain't nobody got time for that in Arizona!  ;)  I'll be daydream of slurping the juice out of the head before ripping it apart for some head-fat!
5	Love this place! What's great is, you can order half pound of shrimp and half pound of sausage! The sausage is good with the lime, salt and pepper. I get the sha-bang medium with potatoes, corn and rice with the shrimp and sausage, and I'm stuff when I leave. Staff is nice and friendly. No matter where you sit, there's a TV screen to watch a game. What's not to love about this place?
5	Amazing!! Love the whole shebang sauce on the shrimp and the king crab. Cajun fries also a must.
4	The Whole Shebang - medium spice, king crab & shrimp oh so nice! Love this place but I don't come here as often as I should. Those king crabs can add up quick but they are so good and meaty! Totally worth it. Great service from the island girl as well. The only thing that would have made it better is if I was enjoying this meal with the beauty with the glasses, but instead I was scarfing down this meal with the boys! Still effin yummy & the Giants won game 5 that day too! I should start coming here on a regular basis! Maybe I'll see her again in-between bites. DAMN!
4	Great food. The crag legs in the shebang sauce was very good. The staff was very friendly and nice.
5	I love Boiling Crab! I especially love this location because the lines are never long like the ones in LA.  The service is always great and people constantly check on you to make sure you are ok.I know there are so many places to get seafood on the strip, but if you want the best, come here!Can't beat it!
5	This is my overall favorite restaurant! I have been here countless of dozens of times and every single time it has been splendid! I love the cool wharf-like atmosphere and the servers are all incredibly friendly. The best part about this place is easily the food... The food is outstandingly delicious. All my friends and family love this place! I get the pound of shrimp, cajun style in mild usually and it is delicious. I love the whole shabang. Also, you can add corn to your order and it is wonderfully seasoned! I've had the fresh oysters (ANOTHER AMAZING FOOD) and cajun fries in mild and they are great. The snow crab by the pound is probably the most delicious thing they have there! It is so sweet and tender... Also if you're a lover of wings... Try their chicken wings they are wonderfully tender and perfectly fat with meat. And lastly, try the fried shrimp it is great! the price is great, the food is great, and the atmosphere is awesome. it's a must visit!
4	This location is HUGE and they have just as large fans to go with the size of the restaurant. Although they don't really need the fans, as mentioned by other reviewers they really crank up the AC so bring a jacket. We got a little bit of everything in the whole shabang sauce in varying spiciness. My choice is whole shabang medium, just the right amount of kick. We got shrimp, crawfish (frozen), dungenous and snow crab legs. To go with all the seafood we got corn, potatos and sausage. All the food was cooked perfectly and the sauce very flavorful and delicious. My complaint would be that not all the bags were seasoned the same, some were better than others, even between two whole shabang mediums, one was much more flavorful so I ended up just dipping everything in that one bag. The corn was a big hit as well, the potatos are definite fillers, but good for dipping into more sauce. The sausage should be a pass, it was dry, even after sitting at the bottom of the grease seasoning bag, maybe it was old or just not good but I rather spend the money on more corn next time.Overall this one lives up to the Boiling Crab hype and all the food was very good.
4	Figured being from SF, you'd think my first Boiling Crab is in SJ... nope! The main difference between Hot N Juicy and here is the menu. BC offers also snacks such as catfish with fries, chicken strips, chicken wings and lemon pepper, regular or cajun fries too. per tray is about $6 to $8 and they were yummy, bun and I might get this every time because you can mix and match what fries you'd like so you can get the best of best worlds ^^The bill was interesting -- because the total for BC was about the same as HnJ, BC was about $45-$50 with tip because my server was awesome and HnJ was about $40 with tip. For BC we had more food and that's including getting soda too. The cajun fries here at more of a spicy kick and HnJ are more cajun tasting. Lbs of shrimp between here and HnJ is about the same $11-$13 I believeBoth are good in my book, will probably be just whatever I feel like eating that night haha
5	This is the best place to come when u have a seafood craving. I always order the snow crab, which are actually a very good size in legs compared to most other places. I ordered once the king crab legs and that filled me up really good. When u choose your type of seafood u get to choose the type of seasoning , such as Ragin' Cajun for me, and the level of spiciness, which fortunately for me they have non spicy as an option. My favorite also are their side red potatoes and their cajun fries. They have a lot of tv's everywhere so it's great for watching the game. There's writing all over the walls and seats, but I think it's pre-made because there are signs saying they will fine u if you write on the walls.
4	Although Hot N Juicy is better imo, the boiling crab is visit worthy. Sometimes Hot N Juicy gets crowded ( not like Boiling crab doesn't or anything) , or sometimes you might want an alternative to the asian/creole style shrimp/crawfish, and the boiling crab is the perfect alternative to hot n juicy. Id recommend this place to anybody. The only bad thing i have to say about this place, other than the obvious messy eat, and hand smell hours/days after consumption, is that this place gets very large groups....and it always seems like these large groups are always late to show up, and sit there doing nothing after they eat, taking up valuable seats to hungry waiting customers. Staff is nice from my experiences, and prices are reasonable.
5	Went with my friend jessi, Rebecca, Jennifer, and Angel (humble brag) this is their account - the server was friendly and offered to bib us. Jessi declined (even though that would have been the most action she has gotten in a while). He didn't bib her but did bib the rest of us. Jessi was sad. They ordered 2.5 pounds of shrimp (medium). Wanted to order two but Jessi demanded that she got her own pound.  It was "spicy but good." Jessi also ordered the Cajun chowder after she found out that the jambalaya was called gumbo (which upset her). "It was good!"the girls also ordered sausage and rice. It was "yummy" they loved the sausage in their mouths. Also Jessi recommend corn with your shrimp. It makes it better. Angel got king crab and garlic shrimp. Both were good. Crab was too much work. He also got some lemon pepper fries. Those too were good. I got catfish and fries. It was excellent as always. The girls also got spicy fries. It makes me feel like I can breath fire but the girls didn't seem to mind. Must have been all that sausage... This place is the best and we all recommend it. P.S. "The other place has spider crab so maybe go there instead"
4	I've been going to hot n juicy for a couple years now. I go monthly to twice a month. I was a little biased, but the staff at Boiling Crab won me over.You basically order your seafood of choice, pick a sauce, then pick a heat level.I like how they have their own cups and bags for to go food. It's a nice touch.We had a server, Shelly, who was delightful. She pretty much waited on our party of about 7 alone. She checked on us frequently, refilled our drinks often, and we never had to look for her.The food was good. I got a lb of shrimp in the whole she-bang. This is their three sauces mixed together. It was good over all but I thought it lacked in citrus flavor. I'll definitely get lemon pepper next time as a squirt of lime really made the sauce taster for my pallet. I also had some calamari, sweet potato fries, lemon pepper fries, and Cajun fries. It was a cool option to choose spice level on the Cajun fries. I also took some gumbo the go which was delicious.Overall I enjoyed my first time at boiling crab. Would I return? Yes. The staff I encountered all seemed happy,  our server did a great job, and my food was comparable to hot n juicy.
5	Best place for crawfish, service was great to. Love the atmosphere will definitely be back soon.
3	I had the shrimp with the shebang sauce. The food was tasty but the shrimp ended up soft and a little overlooked. The Cajun flavor was there. The service was okay, we were attended to but the waitress forgot several orders in our party.
5	Never doubt boiling crab.Best service EVER.when my friends and I go we always want Joe's service. He's awesome! But no matter who serves us we love it!Ordered: 1 lb shrimp whole shebang non-spicyFried oysters Rice Tartar sauce Holy moly, shrimp is always cooked.Sauce is amazingFried oyesters are the bomb with tartar sauceI always come back. Ask for Joe, he has A1 customer service!!!
4	Talk about flavor! I got the shrimp which is $11.99/lb, $5.99/half lb. Man was it good. Got it medium spicy and I enjoy spicy but think their hat meter is the Thai one b/ c it was about twice a medium imo It started to make my noise run toward the end of the batch. One thing that makes them lose a star is that you don't get the option of the plastic gloves like at some of their competitors. Definitely don't get any of this stuff in your eye. Aside from that it's definitely worth a visit. You won't be let down. The ambience is cool. They had great music selection playing the entire time we were there from good hip hop to quality edm. The workers are laid back. There's a lot of TV's. The walls are all kinda scribbled on. Pretty fun to look at. Will be coming back, that's for sure. Maybe we'll byog next visit
5	delicious snow crabyes they do run out of menu items but I'd rather them be out of fresh seafood than be served something frozen or fishy.
3	Get the whole shebang sauce its soo addicting you just want dip your hands in there and lick your fingers. I thought the wings should have an option for traditional buffalo sauce. The seasoning just seemed too salty.The catfish entree is good as well and it just melts in your mouth, server was very kind and talkative which I like. I think the water tastes like Clorox though. Get filtered water!Overall, a great experience and the restaurant felt like a vacation in Hawaii .
2	Food was great but a bit pricy compare to LA. The only thing i hate is the bathroom! It was a mess and filthy!!
5	Right now, I'm on vacation with my family in Vegas. This was our last dinner here too. I kind of have a lot of stuff to say about this place!Parking: When we got to the location, it was perfect because there is SOOO much parking. Back in my area, we have 2 Boiling Crabs and there's rarely any parking unless you're there early.. That's basically when they are open. The wait:I honestly love how the wait is inside instead of the outside. In my area we have to wait outside.. Lame. Capacity:The size of this place is so HUGE. In my area, our Boiling crab is basically the size of Hot Topic.. Like it's all squished up and kind of hard to get through.Service:Service was great overall. Food:We ordered so much food. It was about 15lbs of seafood and we also got 4 fries.. I have never tried a Whole Shabang that spicy I was literally dying, haha.Price:Shrimp here is 11.99.. In my area is 9.99.. Big difference. Our bill was like $153 but I guess it's worth trying a Boiling Crabin a different state. :)
3	Not a huge fan. It was okay at best. I've been to a few of these types of places around town and this one was average.
