4	SOooooo honored we were the first to write about I love Burgers at the soft opening and we present when the doors opened ...The food and cocktails were amazeing !!!! Great job guys :)The Cuisineist Culinary MagazineVINO LAS VEGAS LLC
4	this is the review of the soft opening.  I had the privilege of speaking with the Manager today and I am excited with what he had to say.  more and more delicious goodness to be had with an expansion to the menu.  i rolled through with my boys from work and we destroyed the place.  a few of us  got the I love bacon burgers... I am pretty sure I felt my heart jump while eating it.  My friend had the turkey burger and my other friend got the caprese burger....   The bacon burger is complete with pieces of bacon inside, bacon grease infused mayo, bacon on the burger....  man, I love bacon.  haha.  the turkey burger looked great and my friend told me that it was fantastic.  The caprese burger also was reported as the same.   We did split the appetizers, mac and cheese nom noms, (deep fried amc and cheese bites with cheese dipping sauce)  DELICIOUS!!   we also had the Bruschetta... this was very good, nice chunks of red and green tomatoes.  the service (which you all know is important to me after reading my other reviews) was outstanding.  Everyone was nice and very attentive... my soda never got down to the bottom where it makes that god awful noise of slurping.  I think this place shows some serious promise.  go get some burgers already..
4	So with the opening of a new restaurant in the Palazzo/Venetian, the BF tends to want to try it since he works on the property. His lunch break experience here during the soft opening was so bad they had to comp the entire groups meal...I'll add more to that later. I decide to meet the BF for dinner once he got off work so that he can give it a second chance now that they're a few weeks open. Beer Nerd Rant ahead-He noticed on his last visit that there was a few beer bottles on the counter that he did not recognize so we asked for a beer list. There were 3 that we have not seen before and we tried to look it up online to see what it is exactly. We couldn't find it online. Turns out that their names are written wrong. The beer we were most curious of was listed as "Imperiale Beer Ubi Red". The REAL name is Imper Ale Ubi Rossa by Birra Tentute Collesi of Italy. The other two Imper Ale listed are also wrong but are the Fiat Lux and Alter Bionda. It was impressive once I found out what it was.. Our server brought out pint glasses.I had to ask for wine glasses because you don't serve this like it's Bud Light, flavors must aerate. It was small wine glasses for Chardonnay, you need large wide glasses like Pinot Noir or Montrachet or a goblet for full flavor. I think you should know and put the right name on beer list and know how to serve high end product correctly. It's beer, but it was a $30 import so it is a fine product. You wouldn't do it with a wine and I'm just saying, fine beers isn't any different. I know they just opened...for future reference (if people who work there read this). Onto the food.....We shared two starters:Mac N Cheese & Yam Fries ($6, each) . This is really misleading since both are under "gourmet fries" list. Mac N Cheese are more like breaded fried mac and cheese, not mac n cheese flavored fries. It was nice and gooey in the middle, good panko crust and the southwest cheese sauce it comes with was perfect for it. Yam Fries aren't fries- they're thin sliced as chips. We ordered it with the garlic sauce (server recommends the rosemary goes well with it) and it was a airy crunchiness that is kinda addicting. The kind of thing you can keep on noshing on and not realize how much of it you've been snacking on! Burgers:I had the Ahi ($17) which was nicely seared to keep the middle rare. The bun is a taro bun so it's like the sweet buns that most Asian bakeries would make red bean buns with- soft, a bit sticky and sweet. I really liked the sauce on it...it was gingery and had some kick and set off the tuna well. BF had the Oregon Trail ($17) which is the Buffalo meat burger with a fine aged sharp cheese (cannot remember which right now), garlic aioli. It was juicy and well seasoned, a solid burger. Service was friendly and pretty good about checking on us. This is a vast improvement from the BFs last experience. It's my only experience so I'll give them a positive rating since I did have a good meal. Worth the price? That's hard to say as a local with off strip, cheaper options. We obviously get a great employee discount so that made it worth going for us. It was a good burger and if you're a tourist and you're hungry I don't see why not if they get their consistency down, but that might be a while.BF does not Yelp, but this is some excerpt on his Facebook discussion- an upsetting 1 star kind of experience:"to me it just seems like there are too many hands in the cookie jar and the focus becomes to look as busy as possible as opposed to really taking care of the customers...it all seems like a grand illusion they think will keep them from getting fired when the hammer comes down.you would think with 8 chefs on the grill and the head chef there that they could serve 15 guest in a reasonable time. instead they were all making food for each other. there it was in front of us plain as day:"that has to be our burgers...nope those are going into the back. oh those must be them...nope half the grill people left and sat down to eat them with the milkshake girls..."He said he would probably give them 2.5 - 3 stars now averaging both experiences, but we'll wait for a 3rd time ( 2nd visit for me) to figure out if this place holds up as a solid place for a burger on the strip or this positive experience was a fluke. A $17 burger should always be top notch.UPDATE- we had lunch here again and it was pretty decent and alright service so things has improved. The menu changed though and the yamchips are now gone.
3	So they apparently just opened recently over at the Palazzo. We had a group of 6 and were immediately seated for lunch...place wasn't too busy. We started off with the milkshakes. They can liquor up any of the shakes, so we of course opted for it...perfect way to start the day, right? :) Milkshakes were AMAZING. They use Haagan Dazs ice cream and the coffee milkshake mixed with some Kahlua and Bailey's was pretty awesome. For appetizers, we decided to share the sweet potato fries, truffle fries, and fried dill pickles. Not too bad, pretty standard. Our favorite was the truffle fries. Had a nice kick to it. They also brought out bacon aioli, garlic aioli, and ketchup. The garlic aioli was pretty tasty and went well with the fries.As for burgers, I ended up getting the "I Love Bacon" burger after hearing a nice sales pitch from our waiter. Mmmm, I gotta say, I do love bacon, but this was a little overwhelming. Bacon mixed in the patty, with bacon strips on top, and bacon mayo. By the time I was half-way through the burger, I felt pretty sick, and the burger started tasting super dry from all the salt. I guess it's a good way to get bacon-lovers to take a nice reprieve from bacon-binging. My buddies enjoyed their burgers, especially the ahi burger on a taro bun. As for service, it was very friendly, but super slow. It took about an hour for our burgers to come out. We ended up asking for our fries early because we needed SOMETHING to eat. And they also mixed up our order. We ordered a drink that never came out as well. So I guess still a little hectic.The menu itself is pretty simple. The waiter mentioned that they were planning on adding some new items. Hopefully they can keep up with their orders!Would I come back? It's a maybe. I definitely won't order the bacon burger again. Overall, I thought it was okay. Prices weren't steep, typical Vegas strip.
4	Quite possibly my favorite burgers in Vegas now...  I've already gone about 5 times, and intend to go many more.  So why only 4 stars?  Well...  The service has been pretty slow at times and they've fallen flat on a few items.So... a summary of my experiences...  Mac and Cheese nom noms - Eat with caution!  Crisp panko breading on the outside, deep fried, and then served blistering hot.  If you're in an evil mood, you can not warn your friends and then laugh heartily while they burn their tongues on the oozing cheese!  Ho ho ho, you nom nom noob!Mozarella Fries - Obviously the waitress had no idea how to explain these things, because I was expecting something totally different.  The short?  They're mozarella sticks.  The long?  They're REALLY GOOD, thick mozarella sticks, the marinara is wonderful, and the cheese was obviously extremely high quality.Triple Truffle Fries - Taste like dirt!  But yummy dirt!  What would normally be called a shoestring fry (more on this next) tossed with truffle oil, and slivers of what appear to be real truffle oil.  Don't ask me what the third truffle is, I don't think anyone actually knows.  If you like truffles, this is a good choice.  Shoestring fries - What normally passes as a shoestring fry can only sob at their own gross obesity compared to these...  We got a huge mound of these incredibly THIN fries.  They were like nothing I'd ever seen before, and really tasty....  Definite recommend.New York Style chips - The first time I had them, they were out of this world.  Crisp, thick cut fresh potato chips.  The next time I had them, they sucked.  They were even thinner, but somehow lacked any semblance of crispness and were just soggy and cold and reminiscent of a bag of Lays that's been sitting out in the rain.  Very disappointed.  I'll try them again, but be careful.  I'll ask for well done next time.  So on to the burgers - Caprese Burger - One of my two favorites...  INCREDIBLE mix of flavors from the freshly ground beef, to the thick fresh slices of melted buffalo mozarella, and thick slices of beefsteak tomato.    Add on the basil aioli and balsamic reduction...  and it's a whole range of flavours at one time.  Taking a queue from, but definitely not to be mistaken for a Caprese salad, this surprisingly refreshing burger will still sit in your stomach like a pile of bricks when you're done (not in a bad way).  It's a lot of food, and well worth the price.Ahi burger - My second favorite, this "burger" is basically sushi in disguise!  Lightly seared to keep the tuna fresh and rare in the center, it packs a spicy kick AND a wasabi twist.  Loaded with tomato and lettuce on a sweet taro bun, it's just fantastic.  The only thing that could make this perfect burger even better would be a some avocado... and you can add it (for an extra $2)!  A bit pricy at $17, but despite being just fish it is just as filling as a regular burger and hey...  sushi isn't cheap either!Dante burger - Hmm... The most disappointing of all the burgers, it still wasn't bad.  For me, I guess it lacked the "fresh produce" flavors.  It came without lettuce or tomato and was just too heavy for my tastes.  Caramelized onions, a big beef patty, and bleu cheese.  Great for the caveman, but I want to at least PRETEND that there's something healthy about my burger!The food is really top notch, the burgers pricey but worthwhile, and the fries and appetizers are VERY reasonably priced.  Kick up the service a bit, and it's the best burger place ever!
1	Wow. I just gave up on my burger and fries. There was absolutely no flavor and I hate to waste precious calories and stomach room on worthless food.  I had the Dante burger which had cheap blue cheese and a "garlic aoli" aka plain mayo. I have never had sweet potato fries that taste like nothing even after a packet of salt and add to that completely flavorless ranch dressing until now.
1	I think this place gave me food poisoning.
3	***UPDATE***I was contacted by someone at I LOVE BURGERS and they apologized and to me that says a lot when a business reaches out to you and acknowledges their mistake and promises to make it right and for that reason I have upgraded my rating from 2 stars to 3 stars.I will give them a shot next time I am in Vegas and hopefully they do it right this time.We were getting ready to leave Vegas and we wanted to find something quick and boy did we make a mistake choosing this restaurant.  The first sign and the reason we should have left immediately was when the hostess told us that we would have to wait 15 minutes before we could order, but we still decided to give this restaurant a chance.Problems:1. Took 30 minutes to give me my drink2. Took 60 minutes to give us our fries3. Took 90 minutes for them to give us our burgers and not everyone got theirs and orders were messed upWhat blew my mind was that they said they were not your typical IN N OUT and that their burgers were gourmet style.Are you freaking kidding me????Food finally came out and five of the eight in our group got our burgers and unfortunately I was the only person that actually liked my burger, while my friends had under cooked burgers.  They offered to comp us but we were not having it and just walked out.Pros:Chicken Burger was goodSweet Potato FriesBasil dressingCons:SlowUnprofessionalUnorganizedUnder cooked burgersSmall grilleWasted space in restaurantUnfortunately, this restaurant is poorly run and they probably won't be in business long due to the fact that they are unorganized, slow and don't know what the heck they are doing.  They need to get their act together quickly or they won't be around much longer.Tried to be as fair as possible and even gave them 2 stars when most people would give them a 1 star.
1	Wow this place is unbelivable bad. WORST service I have recieved at a restaurant hands down. Took over an hour to get some burgers after having to ask the waitress and manager several times about our order. Place was not even crowded. Finally after the food arrived the burgers were messed up, Ate it anyways and after all that wait it wasnt even that good!!!! Unreal
1	This place is horrible! You would think it would be excellent especially since it's in Vegas. But nope...it's not. So sad since I truly love burgers and fries. But they ruined everything. Let me tell you about my experience. Parking was fine since it was in a hotel. Either self park or valet (free). Place was located in the Palazzo...kind of hard to find if you're not familiar with the hotel. Anyways, we were seated right away which was a plus! The thing was, I swear...our waitress was on coke or something. She kept mumbling weird statements which i did not understand and she just talked too fast for me. Shocking since Im from New York and we're known for talking really fast. But anyways, drinks came out ok. But the food...WTF?!?!? It was a 45 minute wait!!! I was with 2 of my uncles and they got burgers and I got a drilled chicken burger! It does not take 45 minutes to grill a damn piece of chicken!!!! And the food came out messed up (except for mine :-D). One of my uncles' burgers was cooked way to well done. It was basically cooked to a charcoal. My other uncle's burger had mayo on it when he said no mayo and didn't have tomatoes when he asked for tomatoes. WTF?!?!? Oh yea, my chicken was cold. We were told that the fries would be beefy, but no...they were super thin...like chips. Total disappointment. You know what really bugged the crap out of me.....fries didn't come with the meal?!?!??! WOAH! Crazy...and the fries (more like chips) sucked big time. Burgers were totally overpriced. I got the gilled chicken burger which was $10 but since i wanted avocados with it, it was an extra $2. Wackness....I will never recommend this place to anyone. I actually warn you people not to go there. Oh yea, one of my uncles got a milkshake. It was weak...Friendlys is so much better and you get more at Friendlys with a better price. I hated my burger at I Love Burgers. Hope you don't end up the same way.Oh woops, I forgot....at least their mozzarella sticks were delicious! LOL
1	The service here is horrible! The food is good, but doesn't make up for the terrible service, long waits, and sterile atmosphere. I went with a friend on a Sunday afternoon, before the lunch crowd. Even though the restaurant was half empty, we had to wait for a table and once we were seated, it took a while for someone to come greet us. A few of their menu items weren't available. After ordering, it took over forty minutes for our food to come... yes, over 40 minutes for 2 burgers and 2 orders of fries. When I asked the waitress, she responded that all orders take over 30 minutes and that she forgot to mention this to us when we were seated. An hour and $50 later, it was clear that In & Out Burger would have been the way to go.
3	I was in Las Vegas for the Consumer Electronics Show and this place was highly recommended by some of the convention attendees.But a quick note I learned on my visit to the "I Love Burgers" restaurant at the Palazzo Hotel ....the restaurant was in the middle of a long soft opening and they were still fine tuning the tastes, servings, servers, and prices of the menu. I will explain how I found out it was a soft opening. With that in mind, I actually l gave the restaurant more forgiveness than I would give most other restaurants.The talk from some of the attendees was the "I Love Bacon" gourmet burger. The restaurant's menu explained the burger as "..a blend of ground sirloin and applewood-smoked bacon, crispy bacon, bacon mayo, smoked gouda, onion strings, and brioche-style bun".  The burger was a wonderful blend of meaty flavors. I liked the burger because I Love Bacon, but honestly, for the a la carte burger, it was $17 (See my pic).....if you want more toppings than stated on the menu, other toppings like caramelized onions, jalepenos, mushrooms, extra bacon, etc cost an extra $1-$7 per extra topping....OH NO....and I still needs the fries!Since we still have to purchase the fries, the restaurant actually has a list of gourmet fries to suit any taste. We chose the regular fries and the Parmesan Garlic fries. The regular fries were better than the non garlic fries. We mentioned to our server that the garlic fries were cold and it lacked the taste of garlic. The server apologized, but that is when I learned it was a soft opening of the restaurant. They did not charge us for those fries.....THANK YOU!These are gourmet burgers, it was tasty, but I wish the prices were more visitor friendly. I know this is a Vegas Strip restaurant and the prices are justified, but I will probably find another place next time around.Three Yelp Stars!
2	We went after a day of walking around SHOT Show at the Sands Convention center...so we were pretty hungry. There's not much of a menu, staff was pleasant and helpful, the place looked kind of like a cross between a 50's burger joint and a cafeteria.We ordered the New York style chips with secret sauce...they weren't bad, the sauce really helped them. We also got a triple chocolate shake and a bacon burger. The shake was good, nothing special. The burger was done past the medium we had requested and it was really small...the taste was decent but I won't go back again or recommend it to anyone. With all the new burger places popping up in town you'd think they'd get their act together. If they don't they won't last very long. Oh and those 3 items we ordered came to $30. Not worth it. I should've gone to Smashburger:)
1	You will get food poisoning here! Don't risk your vacation. Stay especially away from the Ahi burger! Disgusting food, soggy ass fries. Disgusting.
4	I really enjoyed the burgers at this spot.
3	I grabbed a quick dinner here on my last stay in Las Vegas.  It's not a bad place, but not outstanding in anyway either.The food and service was good - it was efficient and no frills.  My turkey burger was well prepared and the bun was fresh.  I liked the taste of it, but I've also made better at home.  They boast having the largest french fry menu on the strip - their fries are pretty good.  There are several options for condiments, but we stuck with good ole ketchup.They do have a very robust beer selection with several microbrews available at a pretty good price.  We didn't get hijacked for a $14 Chimay here like we did at Stack.If you want a burger at a decent Las Vegas price... this is a decent place to go.
2	I DON'T LOVE THEIR BURGERS.I like it but I don't love it. Food took way too long to come out and my medium burger was well done. I like the different sauces and their fries though. I had a better burger at serendipity and they don't even specialize in burgers. We ordered I love bacon and thanks to the bacon otherwise It's just an overpriced carl's jr. Plymouth's pride... don't even think about it might as well get a frozen turkey patty at the grocery store and microwave it. I do love that their have variety of flavors and cuts for fries.
1	my husband ordered a milkshake and I ordered a draft beer. By the time they arrived the milkshake was half melted, the draft beer was luke warm, and there was no lime provided with a negro modelo. Really? This was at 11am on a Saturday! Did I mention they were out of shoestring fries, dill pickels, and chips? The meat was pretty tasty .... if they could get the order correct. I won't be suggesting this place to anyone. There are much better options for a burger in Vegas.
5	Been to I love burgers a few times. I went right after they opened and it was hectic, as any new place would be. They have since fixed a lot of their problems (food delivery times, service, etc.) I went last Friday night and everything was great. Their burgers (I've had 5 different ones) haven't disappointed me at all. What I would expect when everything they serve is fresh and made in house and nothing is frozen or stored on site (so the server told me). You won't find that at any other burger place anywhere in town. The i love bacon burger is amazing, the burger is made when you order it, (why it takes a few extra minutes to prepare and serve). The shakes are fantastic, I've had a chocolate shake and a strawberry shake on different visits. I'm also a huge fan of the sweet potato fries and the mozzarella sticks. It's still a new place, and they are making adjustments on the fly, but overall it's a great place to eat a gourmet burger and have a shake for the price. Eat almost anywhere else in the Venetian/Palazzo and pay twice as much and not get as much food. Love having the large flat screens mounted by the bar so I can watch the games while enjoying the food.BTW the beer selection is outstanding. try the Leinenkugel sunset wheat
4	There was a 10 minute wait to be seated in order to help the kitchen catch up.  Although not preferable, there are plenty of other shops to check out while you are waiting.  After being seated we received our drinks pretty quickly.  The wait staff was very friendly and EXTREMELY knowledgeable.  We started with Mac'n'Cheese Nom Noms, which were excellent.  We kept the sauce that is served with them for our fries later (which worked out really well).  I had the Caprese burger and my fiancee had the Oregon Trail burger.  The balsamic reduction on the Caprese is what really made the burger.  It had a lot of flavor but didn't over power the burger.   As far as preparation goes, they are the best burgers that either of us ever had.  It was all VERY fresh tasting and prepared perfectly.  It takes a little bit to get the food but that is what I would expect when everything is made to order.  It is also a little pricey but with the portion size and quality coupled with the restaurant location, the price is right on point.  All in all, it was a wonderful experience that I would recommend to anyone.  If a gourmet burger is what you are looking for, then you are going to get exactly that.
1	For what you pay, it's not worth it.  The salad was overloaded with bleu cheese and balsamic vinegar, ruined my palate for my mild burger.  The patty was cooked kind of soft (reminded me of warm and wet paper mache) and the bread was soft but it was missing something.  The guy taking orders was pretty nice for 1 person during dinner but kept forgetting things like silverware, charged me for the soda that came with a kid's meal, went to check if they had wheat buns and never came back to tell us, all minor things but noted.  The fries weren't very good, the shoe string ones were over cooked and just dry not crispy or hot and the baked potato ones were under cooked.  Next time I'm going elsewhere like Burger Bar.
1	Ugh. Overpriced, small burgers.We were in the mood for a good, messy, large burger and found this place while wandering around the Palazzo.The good - Funky atmosphere and the vanilla shake.The bad - SLOW service (the place was only 20% full). Very high prices for what you get. Our order was messed up. The fries were cold. These were the smallest burgers I have ever seen, not tasty. The $2 add on for onion straws was a joke. They were cold and the longest "straw" was maybe 1/2" long! and just a sprinkle of them on the burger.$45 for 2 of the smallest burgers EVER, 1 vanilla shake and reluctanly a tip. Never again.
1	Two word summary:  Sad times.Seeking food before a wild night, my buddy and I stumbled upon I Love Burgers (the "love" is a heart).  We were taking food back so we went to the to-go counter on the right of the main restaurant.  There were about 4-5 orders ahead of us.  We ordered, a regular burger, a bacon burger, and something else I cannot remember.  We also got an order of regular fries with the special aioli sauce and sweet potato fries with a sweet dipping sauce that isn't on the menu... really?!It took a good 30-45 minutes for our order to finally come out.  When it did, the guy was checking for the sweet sauce that he said the guys in the back tend to forget.  They forgot, so he went to check on it.  He came out and then told us that they were out of the sweet sauce.  Awesome, good thing they communicated that earlier.We take our food up to our room and discover that in the sweet sauce confusion, the special aioli sauce was missing.I only tasted the "I Love Bacon" burger and what a HUGE disappointment it was.  The overcooked burger overpowered any bacon tastiness.  Additionally the burger had nothing else on it!  Ok, maybe there were some onion strings, but really?!  I probably should have caught the lack of ingredients on the menu, but if I am paying $18 for a burger you'd think it would come with more than burger and bacon.The fries were soggy and disappointing, but at this point I really didn't expect them to be anything.Honestly, I expect much more from any restaurant on the strip, and even more from a spot that is part of the Palazzo property.Bottom line:  Stay away from the ridiculous wait and overpriced, disappointing food.  If you're not from California, just take a trip off the strip and grab yourself a Double-Double at In-n-Out.  Heck, I've lived in California all my life and I'd prefer going to the California chain rather than I Love Burgers again.(Note: I have never been to the In-n-Out in Las Vegas)
2	I have visited I love Burgers twice since it has opened and it does seem to be improving. The first time I went with a friend of mine our burgers took over 45 minutes and they both came out wrong- wrong toppings, wrong meat temperature, etc. We were so hungry by the time the food arrived that we decided not to send the burger that was way overdone back and they literally brought out a slice of cheese for my friend to add to hers. The fries were ok, not as spectacular as the menu made them seem, but not bad. The service was not good and not bad.... I came in tonight as I was craving a good burger and had a better experience but only an ok burger. The service was great, Jason was attentive, friendly and helpful. The triple truffle fries were great! My Dante burger was literally soaking in caramelized onions and gooey blue cheese... Not bad but the consistency was soggy. The wine was surprisingly good and the deep-fried twinkles and Oreos were pretty good. I really do love a good burger so I will be back, but I do think everything is rather overpriced since it's a-la-carte and I easily spent $30 on a burger and fries each time...
2	I have eaten burgers and fries all around the world. It's interesting to me these days, that burgers are back in "vogue" as there are burger joints popping up everywhere with their take on what a great burger should be. While the ambiance of this place is pretty nice- bar along the one wall serving plenty of craft beers and pouring a fine drink, and blond wood accents and tables in the middle- the food is just okay and for $23 for a burger and fries- I was expecting a lot more. I sat at the bar cuz this place was hopping. The line was out the door and the "To Go" window up front had people 5 deep (one guy told me it was going to e 30 minutes for to go orders so know that this is not "fast food") I ordered a Pepsi (watered down- poor ratio of syrup to water and at $3.25 I expected perfection) and began to look at the menu. Plenty of burgers made out of everything from beef to turkey to tuna to buffalo. There are 5 or 6 kinds of fries from shoestring to potato wedges served with ONE sauce (you pay extra if you want more than one). I went with the red pepper aioli which was pretty good. The problem? They don't ask how you want your burger cooked. So I said , Can I have mine medium?"- and the guy said, "Okay". Imagine my surprise when it came out med rare and when I questioned it- the server told me the chef prefers to serve it that way. What? I didn't send it back but I was a little worried as according to my server- the meat comes in whole and they grind it at the location and hand form the patties. Too many chances to have something go wrong with fresh ground beef to eat it undercooked, but that's just me (too many food safety classes, I guess) The burger came with mayo already on the bun (wish I had been told that too) with lettuce, tomato, red onion and I paid extra ($2) for a slice of cheese. It was a hearty "bar " type burger with a soft brioche bun but nothing really stood out. I could have had an Angus burger at McDonald's for half the price and more toppings (like a pickle). As for the fries- I went with the "baked potato fries" which were really just fat wedge fries. They came in a cute bowl and were hot, hot, hot! But even the red pepper ailoi sauce couldn't jazz them up enough. This place has a ton of potential but it needs to get through it's growing pains and figure out what makes these new "burger bars" successful. It's friendly service, food cooked the way a customer wants it and no long waits. For me? If I'm going to splurge my day's calories on a burger and fries- it had better be worth it. And this just wasn't.
5	UPDATE!I love burgers was hopping for the NCAA tourney games last night. They had all the games on different TV's and the place was packed with basketball fans. The bar seats were slammed the whole night. I went in with a buddy and me being a KU fan and he being a Syracuse fan we cheered for each others teams and downed about 10 beer specials a piece over the 6+ hrs we were there. They had $1 pale moon specials but ran out of those, and they had $3 Budweiser and $3 Coors light and $4 Longhammer IPA draft specials for the basketball tourney. They were flowing!!! Everybody seemed to be having a pretty good time, looked like a lot of College kids here for spring break, or groups of friends in town for March Madness opening weekend. One of the biggest weekends on the strip!The food was delicious as I have always experienced there, I got the standard burger with bacon and cheddar, cooked perfect and the bun and bacon were delicious.  Also had a few of my buddies baked potato fries and during the last game we had some garlic parmesan fries that we destroyed too. Overall experience was great, the bartenders had a good knowledge of which channels to put on for what games and took requests for which tvs to which fans. Still don't understand why all the reviews are so bad here? This isn't In-n-out or McD's and it's not fast food, the burgers are all cooked fresh to order and everything is top-notch. I'll definitely be back soon, probably Sunday for KU's 2nd game against Illinois.
2	Overpriced and not at all comfortable. (hard chairs and laminate tables) We tried the buffalo and the angus. It gets two stars because I am a burger and hot dog aficionado. Nothin special about this place. Even the sweet potato fries and chips were ho hum. And what's in that stringy sticky dippin sauce?
5	If you're like me, and you've been to Vegas a billion times and dropped lots of cash on mediocre food at 24-hour casino diners and the like, STOP DOING THAT and get over to The Palazzo's I Love (heart) Burgers.The menu is straightforward and simple - burgers, fries, shakes.  But oh, friends, it is SO much more than that.  Burgers of all kinds - veggie, bison, beef, turkey.  Fries aplenty and fried items galore - thick cut, skinny cut, sweet potato, pickle.  Shakes with alcohol and without - and in crazy combos that are both interesting and wildly successful.My personal binge was a fuel-up after a long run - so I dove in to the Oregon Trail (moist, delicious bison and cheddar burger), a big ol' serving of dill pickle fries with house dipping sauce, half of a friend's order of baked potato wedge fries with blue cheese sauce (A MUST!!!), and my very own Blueberry Panshake - exactly what you think it is, a blueberry shake made with maple syrup and vanilla.My dining companions - both of whom are vegetarians (!) - raved about the veggie burger and the Buzz shake (a concoction of coffee, Bailey's and more deliciousness) and we all went home pounds heavier and loads happier.A MUST-EAT if you are sick of "typical" low-priced Vegas fare!
3	I Love Burgers also, apparently, Loves your $$$.  My girlfriend and I had lunch there and two burgers, drinks and sides was 54 dollars! Considering where it is, I suppose it is about what you'd expect but I did experience some "sticker shock"The Burgers were excellent, and the I Love Bacon Burger was bacon-y enough it didn't need anything else on it.  If price is in no way an issue to you, its a great place to stop in for a gourmet burger.
3	This place has such bad reviews, and I think that's unfair. Perhaps its first days getting off the ground were not pretty, but I didn't experience any of the problems people mention like mixed up orders or under/over-cooked meat.Comparing it to Burger Bar at Mandalay Place, I prefer Burger Bar, which has a better, sleeker vibe in my opinion. Their menu is also bigger and execution is more on point. But I think I Love Burgers is on the right track. I opted for the regular burger with ground up bacon inside the meat, and the mac 'n cheese fries. I was really satisfied. The oreo shake was even better. My husband also enjoyed his buffalo burger.Honestly, the only ridiculous thing about this place is the price. I know it is Vegas and I know it is the Palazzo...but it needs to LOOK the part to charge those prices. It should not look like a diner.
5	Ahi Tuna burger, a very good draft beer selection, and sweet potato fries. In Vegas? Yes, located on the second floor of a glittery casino, I *Heart* Burgers has it all.If you don't get the cubed and seared ahi tuna burger, you're a damn food fool, unless of course you get the beef caprese burger with tomato, mozzarella and balsamic vinegar. Or any of their other awesome burgers.And did I mention the draft beers? Las Vegas, for all of its alcohol, is generally a dry, sad little town when it comes good beer. It's harder to find a draft IPA here than a hotel without slot machines, but alas, I Love Burgers has over a dozen craft beers on tap, including some local ones I hadn't tried before.All for a pretty modest price. I Love "I Love Burgers."
2	On the spectrum of burgers, these are definitely pretty good. It's way better than a McDonald's or Burger King. However, I Love Burgers wouldn't want you to compare their experience to fast food, so I won't, either.When comparing I Love Burgers to other gourmet burger joints, it falls short.Let's start with the service. There was a small wait to get a table, even though there were tons of open seats. Granted, it was busy, but since the wait time for the actual food was around 45 minutes, wouldn't it have made sense to let us sit? Furthermore, even though we ordered fries, the waiter didn't even think to bring those out first -- we had to ask him. A simple thing like this would've made the time go by a lot easier.Onto the food... like I said, the burgers are decent, but nothing special. I had the "i love bacon burger," which comes with a patty made up of sirloin and applewood-smoked bacon, toped with crispy bacon, bacon mayo, gouda, and onion strings. Given how ravished I was at this point, I was happy to eat it, but I don't think I'll ever need to try this place again.
2	Pretty average burger experience. Not that bad, not that great. Ordered the regular burger w/an egg. Asked for medium rare, but got medium-well done. Also tried the sweet potato fries (yum!) and shoestring fries (not so yum...oily and couldn't taste the potato-ness) with the red pepper aioli and special sauce (both were tasty). Also had a sip of the blue berry panshake (weird, tasted like breakfast in shake form). The worst thing was that they were totally understaffed. 1-2 servers and no one to fill water or check up on how we were doing. Thumbs down.
3	Had the Dante burger (bleu cheese and caramelized onions) on a wheat bun. The burger was very good and cooked to order, but the shoestring fries suck. They're thinner than my shoelaces - more grease than potato.  The burger would get 4 stars if it was less expensive.
3	I came here with my friend after wandering around the venetian and palazzo and not really knowing where to go that would be both delicious and somewhat affordable. i love burgers was still a little expensive for my tastes, but much more reasonable compared to everything else in the vicinity, and probably ultimately just a few more bucks than the food court, which offered nathan's hot dogs as a best option. we ordered the sweet potato fries to share. my friend got a shake which i believe she enjoyed. we were a little grossed out by the idea of the blueberry panshake and caramel corn shake (with real corn?) but didn't try either so i guess i can't be the judge of that. the fries themselves were good. we got the garlic sauce which i have to say was a little disappointing for me. i ended up using ketchup. i didn't get a burger at i love burgers. i got the warm spinach salad which came with an egg in the shape of a heart. how do you get an egg to be heart shaped? it was hard boiled but the center was a little soft. edible though. overall i guess i found the salad decent. i think it was supposed to come with cheese but i'm pretty sure mine had no cheese. i think i wish i had just gotten a burger. i don't know if i really saved that many calories and perhaps one of their other options might have been more delicious. the salad was fine. overall the restaurant seems to have decent food (nothing to write home about, in my opinion...) and prices that are on the pricey side, but still reasonable for this part of vegas. i think basically the lesson i learned is that if you're going to go to vegas -- either be rich or win big and then go the extra mile and spend a few more dollars on your dinner at one of the celeb chef restaurants. otherwise go to i love burgers and perhaps try a burger instead of the salad and see if you have better luck.
4	Came here for a late night snack after a night in the casinos. We had the tuna burger with fried pickles and fried Mac and Cheese.The tuna burger was excellent, cooked rare, a hint of spicyness, and a nice taro bun. Highly recommended if you dont want the heavyness of a burger.The pickles were nicely fried, crisp, and tasty. The fried mac and cheese, was OK. I have to admit Im not a big fan of mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was mixed with lobster. I just couldnt taste the cheese.Definitely stop by for a nice burger or snack to get away from the bustling shopping and casino.
4	I la-la-loved the Ahi burger.  I ordered it and expected it to come out in fillets o' fish but it came out in a seared patty.  It was pretty amazing.  I ordered it with no red onions (however, they brought it out and it had onions then they took it back...they basically just took off the onions and sent it back out...) and added mushrooms.  I'd totally order it again the next time I stop by.  I forgot to buy a t-shirt ):I also tried the mac-n-cheese cubes and they were pretty yummy but not really something that will fill you up.Someone in our party of 11 ordered their special bloody mary with bacon...i mean it.  Bacon!  They replaced the celery stalk with a crisp strip of bacon.  Re-read that last sentence because I did not intend to have a tone disgust or anything.  I actually want to go back and try the bloody mary now.  OMG...a crisp strip of bacon in place of a stalk of celery!!!All in all...recommend and would surely revisit
4	I saw that they had sweet potato fries and it was a done deal for me.My friends also ordered the fried dill pickles - super yum - they reminded me to fish and chips for some reason or maybe I'm just thinking about the tartar sauce and my cousin ordered the mac and cheese cubes. They were coozies, but def could've done without those 5 little dumplings sized thangs.  (All around $4-5)My cousin and I shared the Caprese burger, meat was on point and super moist with all the essential toppings. Someone else had the Ahi burger but it just seemed alright.  (Burgers around $11-15)Decor was cute, felt like I was eating under some giant mushrooms and they had TVs along the side so that you can enjoy the game while downing the goods.They also had cute "I heart Burgers" tees which I was tempted to get ... but realized it'd probably give off the "I'm a hella fatty" vibe so had to pass.  Maybe next time :)
2	Greasy burgers. The bottom of the bun was soaked. All three of our orders cam this way. We showed our server the buns and he said that  Angus beef is very "juicy!" Friendly guy but obviously didn't take notice to our complaint. We gave him 20% anyway.Very expensive lunch. 3 burgers with some fixin's, a spiked milkshake, sweet potato fries and a diet coke came to $81.00 with tax and tip. $3.50 for the diet pepsi? Wow!
4	The I love Bacon burger is one of the best bugers I've ever had and not only do I love burgers, but I am picky. I liked this place so much I kept thinking about it every time I ate a burger in Vegas. I actually ended up going back a second time before I left.
5	Update from 5/17Went in late on Tuesday, around 8:45 ish I think. Walked right past the hostess stand and cruised up to my spot in front of the TV's at the bar. Chatted with the bartender for a second and got right to it. I ordered the Dante and subbed the bleu cheese for a slice of cheddar. Seriously, it came in LESS than 5-6 minutes cooked medium and there were about 30+ people dining tonight, (I'm pretty sure there's a show that gets out just about that time.) I was amazingly surprised how fast it was. Didn't order any fries or a shake this time, but usually go with the sweet potato fries, garlic Parmesan fries, or the mozzarella sticks. Ordered one of my favorite beers, the Leinenkugel sunset wheat on tap. Friggen YUMMMY beer, has a light citrus-y taste to it. I am and always will be a repeat customer here, top notch in my opinion.  Everything was fresh, fast, and you get what you pay for here. The Dante is one of their more expensive burgers, ($15 I think) but like I said, you get what you pay for. This place is still a lot more reasonable than the celeb chef restaurants in the palazzo/venetian, where you're gonna pay 50+ just for an entree and a drink. You're paying for the name, not for the product. Excellent damn burger, oh so juicy. The caramelized onions just fall out of the burger, it's actually a little annoying how many onions there are on this thing!!!side-note: Also got to witness the end of Dirk scoring 48 points against the OKC Thunder, that was impressive. So I started up a chat with two other guys sitting at the bar about how fun it is to watch somebody score that many points in the playoffs. Friendly people hanging at the bar, so that's fun meeting new folks.5 stars.
3	Greasy burger, fries were both burned and soggy (can't figure that one out), and while we were waiting for out food next to me in the seats at their counter we had to witness whom I'm assuming is some sort of manager keep walking by an applicant waiting to be interviewed by her and she kept telling him "I'll be with you shortly" while talking loudly on her cell phone taking a personal call. We thought it was SOOO rude, especially when she started the interview and then stopped int he middle to take another call on her cell from her mother. This poor guy was very gracious about it but my hubby and I thought it was just so incredibly rude and tacky. We each had a cocktail and split a burger and fries as it was late in the day, and our bill was close to $40 so its a bit pricey. Bartender was friendly though and made great conversation.
5	a decadently blended bacon burger is something most greazy-burger joint loving bums like me dream about, and this place sent me to la-la-land...this is the description: "A blend of ground sirloin and applewood-smoked bacon, crispy bacon, bacon mayo, smoked gouda, onion strings, brioche-style bun" i usually live my life by the motto: "everything is better with bacon", but even this meal made me wonder, is this too much? most of the time i fly by the seat of my pants (thats just the kind of bacon loving guy i am)... but this time, just to be safe, i slowed down a bit and had them "hold off" on the "Bacon Mayo". the choice was not made in vain.this thing was juicy and tasty, dripping with such flavor you could almost hear the subtle "squeal~mooo" with each delicious bite. its like a yummy little piggy and a juicy little cow were wrestling around inside my mouth! (try to get that image out of your brain). the crispy onion strings served perfectly complement the juicy, and the gouda not only balanced the kick of all that bacon, but brought it all together in a gooey-cheezy blanket of goodness.such an experience, this has become a must-have stop for me with each vegas trip. just when you thought things in SIn City couldnt possibly get any more decadent, more debaucherous, or more deviant... along comes "I Love Burgers" and wraps it all up in Bacon!
3	the 1st thing i had to find out before eating at this place was a clarification of the name of it.i asked the 2 cheerleaders, i mean hostesses if the restaurant was called I Love Burgers or I Heart Burgers.both gave me different answers, so I'll assume they are both wrong.i went ahead and sat at the bar because i feel kinda weird sitting in a booth or table by myself.on another topic, i don't understand why more people don't sit at bars and eat.the service is usually better and quicker.bartenders are also more interesting to talk to than waitresses.anyways...sat and the bar and took a look at the menu.started off with a strawberry milkshake while i decided what to put into my stomach.the bartender recommended the Dante.It is a ground sirloin patty topped with caramelized onions and blue cheese.thought it was a weird combination but decided to try it anyway but added the sauteed mushrooms with some of the New York style chips on the side.the bartender quickly informed me that even though it is on the Fry List, they are actually homemade potato chips.they are greasy as hell but oh, so good.the Dante was good too.an interesting combination of flavors as the blue cheese mixes very well the sirloin, onions and the garlic.It almost overwhelms you on the 1st bite but you can't stop yourself from continuing.next time i come i wanna check out the Oregon Trail, which is basically a bison burger(another animal on my to-eat list).another thing worth mentioning about this place is the awesome selection of booze they have.pretty much any beer you can think of is served here.if you are not worried about spending 35 bucks on a meal consisting of burgers and fries then definitely check this place out.k, you can stop reading now.
2	I came here for the reason one of my friends works here at the bar. The reason why I give this place two stars is not because burgers to myself *personally* are redundant, but the fries were very soggy and the food was overly greasy. Ordering The Longhorn (which I thought was *slightly* a better alternative for meat than just a burger), the chicken itself was too greasy for my liking. The fries were too soggy because so much grease was put into making them, or maybe the prep in the back doesn't know how to make fries correctly?For a burger venue, they have a wide bar and were distinctive drinks on their menu that really weren't that bad. The drinks and the different creative styles they were mixed in were fairly noteworthy for a burger restaurant. Also, your food comes out in less than 10 minutes; I have to say the service here is on top of it, as even observing to-go orders, they waited less than 10 minutes to receive what they needed.For the drink and full bar, and the speed of the service I would have gave it three stars, but the food at best is two stars. This is one of those burger restaurants to where if you're super drunk or hungover on The Strip, the greasiness would be the perfect place here to soak it all up.
2	We came across this place while wandering around the Palazzo shopping center.  It should have been a sign seeing this place was almost empty during Memorial Day weekend.  Although our server was extremely attentive and friendly, the food just didn't match the prices ($10-$20).  I ordered a Standard burger with a side of fried pickles.  My burger was a little dry with little flavor. The fried pickles were over-battered on some pieces and under-battered on others.  They were also very greasy!  I LOVE fried pickles, so when I was served these sub-par spears, I was disappointed.Would I return again?  Probably if I were starving.
1	This place should be called I Hate Burgers. Our party ordered a total of 6 different burgers. Every single person complained about how dry and terrible the burger was. I had the salmon burger. It was terrible. The patty tasted like a frozen fishy mushy mess. All of our buns were dry and crumbly. Even the french fries were terrible. I would never return.
4	My Husband and I were in Vegas for Mfest and staying at the Palazzo. We decided to try out I love burgers and we loved it, though the price is a little steep but it is Vegas. We both went for the Bacon burger I opted for no bacon mayonaise and I was very pleased with it. The bacon that was ground intot he patty was not super apparant but still amazing. Along with our burgers we got the sweet potatoe chips and the mac and cheese. We both loved the sweet potatoe chips though I was undecided if I liked the caramel cinnamon dip that came with it... made it too much like dessert for me. The mac and cheese was super good too. Perfect crunch and perfect flavoring.  It was a nice compliment to our burgers. I got the tahitian vanilla shake and man I have to say that it was the best shake I had ever had... even though it was vanilla it had loads of flavor and was just so great though the waitress did kind of forget about it for a little but I will let it slide because it was so good. Next time we stay at the palazzo I could see us coming back though we do like to try new places whenever we get the chance.I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a burger in vegas!
4	This review has two biases: one, I was starving; two, I wasn't footing the bill. Hooray for corporate AMEX.This burger bar tucked up in the corner of the Palazzo Shops serves up the goods. Overpriced goods, but still... I had a burger with sweet carmelized onions, roasted garlic sauce, and bleu cheese. Ordered medium, it still ran red - nicely seared on the outside and bloody in the middle. My kinda burger.Skin-on shoestring fries coulda been a little crisper, but with a shake or two of seasoned salt, they did the trick. I ate at the counter/bar - service was quick, attentive, and friendly. In this place, who could ask for more?Still, a $14 burger's a bit much no matter how much it moos when you bite it. But, for a $14 burger, it was a pretty damn good $14 burger. When you want a beer and some ground beef with the hair singed off it, this is your spot.Vegas, baby.
1	Do not waste your money on this place. Price definetely did not match the food. We found this place by accident, the service was slow and you can get a better burger at carl's junior. Burger bar between the Mandalay Bay and the Luxor  is a better choice.
4	I had the Dante (yum) and split an order of sweet potato fries upon the server's recommendation. My dinner companion had a hairline crack in his beer glass, for which our server apologized profusely, and it was promptly replaced. No biggie - stuff happens. The food came out very fast! I'm surprised others would complain about the price, given that it is in a (relatively nice) hotel on the Strip. I'd go back.
3	Food was pretty decent.  However, for the price, it was definitely NOT worth the price.  Better burgers are available for the same or even cheaper price.  The taste was okay, but the portioning was kind of small.Also, they overcharged my debit card and i've called twice and they said they would respond back... they didn't call me back each time....EDIT: 7/18THE OWNER OF I LOVE BURGER'S PERSONALLY YELP MESSAGED ME AND GOT THIS TAKEN CARE OF!! GAVE ME A FULL REFUND OF MY OVERCHARGE (ESSENTIALLY MAKING MY MEAL FREE!! AND THEN SOME MONEY!)ALTHOUGH I'VE HAD BETTER BURGERS FOR THE PRICE IMHO, THE OWNER IS TOP RATE AND DEFINITELY KNOW'S HOW TO HANDLE HIS BUSINESS!! 3 STARS!
4	food is great  i loved the plymouth burger was so good i would give 5 stars if it wasnt so expensive it vegas but its not a 5 star restaurant or anything its a burger joint it was almost 70 dollars for two people  burgers fries and only two cocktails
5	place had great food, order the burger the way u like add or subtract what you dont want. service could be a bit better
4	Stopped at I love Burgers while walking inside the Palazzo. Food options are pretty steep inside the Palazzo so this is one of the more reasonable options. I had the Caprese burger and enjoyed it. I wouldn't say it was special but it was tasty and they actually cooked it medium rare which apparently is pretty hard to do at many places. I didn't try one but I liked that they had spiked milkshakes. Space-wise it's pretty spacious so good for a larger group.
2	I echo Jared's comments earlier - the burgers here are ok, but certainly not worth the cost (although eating in Vegas is kinda always overpriced)... I had the Oregon Trail burger and it was your run of the mill cheeseburger (kudos on nailing the medium rare order request though!)... Basically everyone at the table felt the same - we did however enjoy the Parmesan Garlic fries (I'm not a huge fan of thin fries though, but the taste was good)...Wouldn't come back to I Love Burgers since there is always so much else to try in Vegas...
3	We found I Love Burgers on the way to out of all places: the Venetian Food Court, on level-2 in the Palazzo.  The restaurant proclaims to love burgers. They also love eggplant parmigiana. The eggplant parmigiana burger is a large sandwich featuring eggplant parmigiana between two round buns. For eggplant parmigiana lovers such as myself, this was heaven for my taste buds.   The fries are served separate from the sandwiches.  Expect to pay $20 for an eggplant parmigiana burger or basic burger sandwich, fries, and bottomless soda. The higher-end burgers cost as high as $17. What is kind of cool is having ranch dressing come with the fries.   I Love Burgers was happening. I felt that the service was satisfactory.
2	I'm one of those folks that is super sensitive to high carb/starchy/sugary things so I ordered a caprese burger and ditched the bun.  When the waiter saw that I had the bun to the side he mentioned to me that for people that prefer their burgers sans bun they will provide a side salad instead.  The burger was 'okay' and the salad was salad (mixed greens).  Nothing to write home about.  If you're looking for a real 'caprese' taste the caprese burger won't even come close.The waiter kept hitting on me which wasn't appropriate.Quality was definitely not worth the price but it was convenient.  It was nice to have the salad in place of the bun, normally the most filling parts of meals are the starch so this substitution was a plus.
3	Good late night eat at the Shoppes in Palazzo (2nd floor). They have a wide choice of beers including some of me & my bf's faves (Lindeman's Raspberry Framboise and Chimay Blue Ale)! Yes, I like fruity girly beers. Don't hate.For a place called "I Love Burgers," you would think we would order burgers but we wanted something a little lighter so we got the chicken strips and parmesan garlic fries. The portions were surprisingly huge! And the chicken strips and fries tasted great! I didn't like the aioli that came with the fries though. It was a little too heavy ("neukki" in Korean) for me. I hear their spiked milkshakes are also delicious! You can get them super spiked for an extra charge!
4	The order:Bloody Mary The I love Bacon BurgerTrust me. If you love bacon, you will love the order.The bloody mary comes with a stick of bacon. No joke.(we also tried the turkey burger which comes with stuffing inside, but i personally thought it was way too sweet) eh, to each their own. just not mine. unless it is the bacon burger.
5	Great burger place with large portions and good atmosphere! My sisters and I stopped by I Love Burgers at the Shoppes at the Palazzo and decided to share everything that we ordered. I got the BBQ Burger and I really enjoyed the great taste of the barbeque sauce, cheese, bacon, and onion ring combination. One of my sisters tried the I Love Bacon Burger (I had to have a bite because I truly love bacon) and I was surprised at how you could taste the bacon in the burger and the how much the crispy onion straws added to the overall quality of the burger. I definitely recommend this because honestly who doesn't love bacon and it will satisfy any appetite. My other sister got the Chicken Caesar Salad and LOVED it. The dressing was perfect, I think it is house-made and it had a little extra something that made it taste different than other Caesar salads that I have had before. We also ordered sweet potato fries and onions. When I saw sweet potato fries on the menu I immediately knew that I had to get them and they didn't disappoint! They were crispy on the outside yet soft on the inside. The onion rings were sooo good! The sauce that came with it which tasted like a 1000 island sauce with a kick was complimented them wonderfully!My sister ordered the Very Spiked Strawberry shake. At first, I was skeptical how a milkshake would taste good with some vodka in it but I shortly changed my mind as it was the BEST shake I have ever had. And even with the alcohol in the shake, I could barely taste it which made it that much better.Overall, I was very satisfied with my experience here and I will definitely come back again whenever I am in town and craving a burger and/or a milkshake!
1	Oh, I do not love "I Love Burger".  Sitting in the middle of the Palazzo in Vegas, you have high expectations for a place called I Love Burger.  The build out was really cool with a twist of futuristic and retro.Our party of 12 sat on some down expecting that best burger in town.  We excitedly split several different burgers because they all sounded good.  All of the burgers were tiny portions for its price tag.  On top of it, it wasn't even cooked properly making the beef too dry.  The bun was cold and dry.  The toppings were just greasy.  I was so disappointed in it.  After lunch, I went else where looking for something better to satiate my appetite.  That's pretty bad!I'll probably order room service next time.
2	The poor reviews kept me away from here. And, well, they were all right. This place is nothing but over-priced, horrible burgers. The only reason I am giving this 2 stars is because of the niceness of the bar staff.After an afternoon of shopping, I decided to grab a quick bite - and I was craving a burger. So why not try somewhere new? Ugh. I so should have just gone across the street and gone to Stripburger or even BLT Burger. It wouldn't have cost me as much and I would have been FAR more satisfied.I was tempted to go with the I Love Bacon burger, but the bad reviews of it led me to choose the Dante burger instead (bleu cheese, carmelized onions, etc.).Everything is a la carte - so fries or any sides are not included. I wanted to try the fries, but the bartender warned me that the serving size was huge, so I didn't bother.When the burger arrived, it was...uninteresting. Just a burger on a plate with a side of lettuce and tomato. I ordered it medium, but saw only gray and no pink. And juiciness...forget about it. The bleu cheese was all melty, which can be a good thing, but it just tasted off. The whole thing was just bleh. Really BLEH. I couldn't even finish it, even though I was famished.And to make things worse, I could start to feel my stomach churning. Immediately after paying my $20+ for just one burger and one beer, I made a serious beeline for the restroom. Ick, ick, ick.Why pay so much for such an awful burger when such a great bleu cheeseburger can be found almost literally across the street for under $10? And I can get cheese fries and an awesome cocktail with it too, and not spend as much.Yeah, definitely a place to stay away from.
1	We were excited to check out this place and disregarded sub par yelp reviews, I guess that will teach us for next time. The place looked sad on the outside and we still treked in, so dissapointing. The server took ages to get our drinks and provide us with water. She then sat others whom she helped first and they were a much larger group (we had 2 in our party today). We asked her to take our order, and she did, then a couple of minutes later she takes the large group order next to us and they got their food a long while before us. I wish we would have left, since the fries were cold and the burgers where on par with applebees. In fact applebees might be better. If you love burgers avoid this place and head to In n Out Burgers you cann get way more bang for ur buck. We paid 50 dollars for two burgers and two fries, no drinks, Palazzo needs to get rid of this joint.
3	Tried out I Love Burgers for lunch last week and, as it turns out, I Don't Love Burgers.  Which is disappointing because in reality, I DO love burgers...with a lowercase "b".I had the Caprese Burger, he had the one with buffalo meat, the one that's name escapes me right now.  My burger was dried out a little and just kind of bland.  I thought maybe it needed some more balsamic or seasoning or something.  I had a couple bites and moved on.I had a bite of his burger, and it was decent, but I was already feeling kind of "bleh" about the joint so I didn't get overly excited.The fried dill pickles we started with were pretty grand.  The natural cut french fries were pretty solid as well.  I had a sip of his chocolate shake and instantly went into a diabetes coma - SO SWEET!The service was just OK.  I wasn't fond of our server - she lingered wayyyyy too long tableside when checking on us.  May be just a personal thing but it was annoying.All in all, I wouldn't be whining too much - except our tab, with tip, was just over $60.  Honestly, I would've been happier at In N Out or McDonald's.  Two stars for most everything; one extra for the pickles.
2	Headline: Get the appetizers, skip the burger.I love Burgers is in the restaurant and shopping area within the Palazzo / Venetian complex.  It looks like a diner and feels like a diner, but you won't pay like a diner - you'll pay much much more. First off, what did I like?  Nom Noms - fried pieces of mac and cheese.  They also do a nice selection of beers, including a Chimay Trappist White, which might be my favorite beer, and it goes well with fried food.  These golden nuggets of awesome were delicious, and definitely turning up for.Unfortunately, that is the only thing good about it.  The burgers were completely tasteless.  I opted for the "I love bacon" burger - which I was thinking, given the amount of bacon on and supposedly in it, that it might actually taste good.  It didn't taste good or bad - there was no taste to it.  Really bad.  The sweet potato fries were flat and they didn't come with anything to dip them into.  This was really disappointing.Service was bad as well.  The burgers came out before the appetizer, the bar screwed up, and we couldn't get the attention of our waitress when we needed her.  So - my advice - sit at the bar, order the Nom Noms, and then leave for some decent food elsewhere.
4	I would have given this place 5 stars. Here's why I didn't. I went in to the restaurant on my final day of a four-day conference. I was not in a super rush to get to the airport, but I didn't have all day, either. It took my waiter 20 minutes for him to introduce himself. Ok, I have enough time, I thought. No biggie. When he did show up, he was friendly and knowledgeable of the food (they are burgers, by the way.After looking over the entire order, I decide on the buffalo burger with aged cheddar, sweet potato fries and a strawberry shake. The burger and fries took about 20 minutes to show up. Ok, still have enough time. Where is my shake?The burger was excellent. It was like biting into a soft, meaty pillow!  The fries were excellent. Just enough sweetness and saltiness. FINALLY, my shake shows up! Just in time to get my check, because I know how long it takes to get from The Venetian to the airport...Paying my check was the quickest part of the experience. The tastiness of my burger was what saved this place and why I will go again on my next trip to Vegas. Because the service was slooooow. 5 stars for the food, minus 1 star for the slowness.
4	If you are staying at the Venetian/Palazzo supercenter and need a good lunch option, head down to the mall and check this place out.  Tons of TVs, beer on tap, and a back burger that not only has bacon IN the burger, but also on top with some smoked gouda.  Granted I was drunker than Dean Martin by noon (my noon, Dean's 9AM) and starving, but this was one of the better burgers I had.  Sat with 8 other guys and they all seemed happy as well.
4	Great Bacon Burger!! Bacon, bacon mayo and bacon other things- so yummy!The fried pickles really are the Best in the World (as they rightly advertise) There is dill in the batter that really puts them over the edge of delicious.Blueberry alcoholic milkshake was good but I was too damn drunk and full to eat it... it sat in my hotel room for 2 days more in case you wanted to know how dirty I really can get...Definitely a good spot for a decent, semi-inexpensive quick meal.
2	Nom Noms (fried mac & cheese) were tasty.Bacon Burger was nice and bacon-y, though we ordered it medium well and it was still really pink in the middle.  If you order it rare, they probably will present you with a live cow.  Just a heads up.Fries (both parmesan garlic and sweet potato) were ok.  I've definitely had better.Blueberry Panshake was YUMMY.  Tasted just like a blended-up blueberry pancake, only not disgusting. :-PService was quick (maybe cuz the restaurant was dead), but the waiter was suuuuper rude and unfriendly.  Maybe it's because we shared two burgers, two fries, and an order of Nom Noms between the four of us, but is it really our fault that we weren't all that hungry (and that the food here is pretty overpriced)?!?!Ditch the unfriendly employees and my rating would probably go up.
3	We were craving burgers, so we checked our I Love Burgers on Monday night.  It was a lot bigger than I thought it would be and has a large counter that you can eat at, or you can eat at a table.  There are lots of TV's inside so my husband was happy to catch Monday Night Football. We started with the Mac & Cheese nom noms and Fried Pickles.  The Mac & Cheese was wonderful- we devoured them- but we could have done w/out the fried pickles.  There was nothing special about them and they were kinda boring.For my burger I ordered The Oregon Trail- which is a buffalo burger and my husband got the BBQ Burger.  His had a large onion ring and a healthy slathering of BBQ sauce on it.  Both of us ordered our burgers medium but mine was closer to rare and his was closer to medium-well.  All in all they tasted good but it was nothing to brag about and we probably wouldn't eat here again.
3	After shopping at the Coach store nearby, my husband and I saw I love burgers around the corner and decided to eat dinner here. Unfortunately, I did not love their burger.This is what we ordered:-Mac and Cheese Nom Noms: Tasty fried Mac and Cheese squares with a side of cheese sauce. They were very good and probably the best part of our meal!-Sweet Potato Fries: nothing special about these, some were not cooked well. I have definitely had better elsewhere. -The Standard Burger with Cheddar Cheese: it honestly looked pretty boring when it arrived at our table. Sadly, the beef patty was not juicy or  hot and tasted pretty bland. -I love Bacon Burger: my husband ordered this. He pretty much felt the same way I did. The burger was not great, and what a shame since it was called I love bacon! The two good things about this place:-Friendly wait staff who checked up on us often. -Very fast service! We were just starting on our Mac and Cheese appetizer, then 2 minutes later, our burgers arrived!Well, I'm glad I got to try this place but will not be returning. Our bill was about $60, which is pretty expensive for burgers and sides. I would not have minded if the food was great, but it was below average and just disappointing.
3	The service was fantastic and the manager that stopped by our table (Tim I think was his name) was very attentive and professional. However, I'm only rating three stars because the food was just not good. The fries were greasy and undercooked and my chicken sandwich was dry and only lukewarm. The I Love Bacon burger that my boyfriend ordered ($17) was disappointing because it only had two tiny pieces of bacon. For that much money I would expect at least four pieces of bacon. And on top of all of that, it took 30+ minutes for our food to get to our table (although the server was very apologetic).To make matters worse, while we were eating our sub-par meal, we had to listen to this loud, obnoxious, and completely foul-mouthed guy in the kitchen. He looked like he was the chef, at least I assume that's what he was because of how he was yelling at everyone. I wouldn't want to work there and probably won't go back to eat.
1	So many great places to eat in Las Vegas, let alone just inside the Venetian and Palazzo hotels, and this is not one of them. For a casual sit-down place this would not be my restaurant of choice. We were left feeling very disappointed.
3	service was good but i'm pretty sure the hype isn't worth it. for some reason, i thought it was going to be the best burger place ever! sadly, it's just OKAY.  its quite expensive, no doubt but it was fun eating there.service was okay. the milkshakes are pretty bomb though. probably won't come back, but i'm glad i tried it.
4	Yep I love burgers, and differently loved the burger I got was the dante; ground angus, blue cheese, caramelized onions, roasted garlic aioli. I think what sold me on this was the caramelized onions and the garlic, freakin love that stuff.Service is really nice here, place is pretty big, and it was located in a nice spotoh and make sure to order the Parmesan garlic fries, fuckin bombdizzyI think carls jr needs to revise their slogan of 6 dollar burgers because these burgers were well over 10 bux...but worth it imo
3	I'd give this place a solid 3 stars ...Good burgers (mine was the standard with a fried egg and caramelized onions), good topping choices, good bread and good french fries (1 order is big enough to share).You betcha.
1	Only a real yelper would know to give this place the stars it really deserves.  I'm fortunate to live in the San Francisco Bay Area where my tastebuds are tastebud happy! That being said, I know a good burger when I taste one.  I Love Burgers was a huuuuuuuuuge fail, huuuuuuuuge!  Even the macaroni and cheese bites were a fail.  It's not that hard to make a burger and ok maybe it is hard to fry macaroni and cheese bites but if you are going to advertize it all around the Palazzo it better be damn good.  Well  unfortunately, mine tasted burnt!  How the hell do you F up mac n' cheese???  I Love Burgers--you should have stuck to the boxed mac n' cheese, seriously!!!!  The burgers reminded me of your neigborhood chain frozen patties between a bun (which btw, the bun was the only good thing).  The sweet potato fries were just meh, same old....nothing to special but it was decent.  For the price we paid to eat here....it was a disappointment to my LV trip.  To top it off, the waiters/waitresses appeared to not have a handle on the crowd.  We had to ask for our condiments and extras at least 2 times, we asked for water numerous times.  The usual response was, "oh man sorry I forgot."  *sigh* Annnd, when our party requested for a bill split, they couldn't get it right.  He had asked us to number #1, #2 and #3 for the split and so we clearly did it........one thing went bill #1 when it was supposed to be on bill #3, the other on bill #3 supposedly on bill #1.  Ahhhhhhhh.....get it right.  Oh and the hostess...stared at our party the whole time.  As we walked out, my friend complained about how the bill part was a mess and alll they could say to us was sorry it was a computer glitch.  Oh yeeeeeeeeah, be ready to pay for ranch dressing.  50 cents extra!  What the heeeeze?  You're higher class counterparts don't even charge for that stuff.  The next time I come back to LV (which will probably be next year), I'm hoping this place will be gone.  Please, stayyyyyyy away....I would've rather ate at McDonalds or have a salty Pinks hotdog, sheeeeeeeeeeze!
1	I actually do love burgers and I did not love this place.  Hate would be a strong word... but strong dislike is absolutely on the mark.  I got their bacon burger, which was supposed to have an overload of bacon, but didn't.  I ordered the burger "medium rare" which is how I usually get it, but for some reason got it raw instead.  It was so undercooked that it didn't fully warm in the middle.  I took a couple bites and feared that if I continued I would feel sick.  So I stopped.We also got some Parmesan garlic fries and sweet potato fries, both of which were pretty limp and disappointing.Even if the burger was cooked ok, it would still have been overpriced and underwhelming.  Plenty of good food spots in Vegas, this is not one of them.
4	I think this is an excellent gourmet burger and a healthy snack too if you get it on a wheat bun which they have upon request.
5	Fantastic burgers!  Love the variety.  One of the guys working behind the bar told us to put one of our fried pickles on our burger, and that was the best advice I had heard during the entire trip to Vegas.  It's the simple things in life.
2	My besties and I came here a couple of days ago because we wanted a quick bite for lunch.  We were trying for a more inexpensive option since dinners was going to be pricey but we failed at that attempt.Space was nice and open and felt like a burger joint but the price point was a bit high.  They had football on which is always nice.  Seventeen bucks for a bacon burger which came out dry with a dab of the bacon mayo that I could not even taste. Expected more from the burger- also they say they cook to medium but clearly it was closer to well. No pink in sight.  Parmesan garlic fried did not taste like garlic at all and came out limp.  Even though they are typically my far, I think I liked the regular fries better.Milkshakes (spiked and un spiked) were pretty good- bumping them up to 2 star status.  I appreciated the to go cup for my caramel corn spiked goodness. While our server was very nice, it took forever to order, and worse yet to pay the bill.  It was busy in the restaurant so management might want to consider having extra staff on hand on a Saturday.  Since this is the last experience in a restaurant it can really leave a bad taste in your mouth. With plenty of other choices in Vegas, I will not be back.
4	My husband and I had a great experience here. We split an ILoveBacon (Burger). A juicy hand-formed patty that had bacon pieces mixed in, two slices of bacon on top, bacon-mayo, crispy onion straws and GOUDA cheese! It is up there on the top-tasting burgers I've ever eaten. We also ordered a 32oz spiked frozen pink lemonade for $13. The waiter split it into 2 16oz glasses for us which would have been $10 a piece. Since this was our first meal at a sit-down restaurant we were not yet aware of the generosity of this waiter. We later came to find out that a meal does not get split in Vegas without an additional fee. I'm glad we had a different experience than a lot of yelpers, we went around 10pm, perhaps the lack of customers attributed to our positive experience?
2	I love a good burger but this place is a huge disappointment. Your easily spending $25 for a burger, fries, and one drink. For that price I would expect a burger that would knock my socks off.
1	Housed in the perennially empty The Palazzo shopping arcade, I Love Burgers only fit in this shopping center is on price  - costly, it would be better suited in the Miracle Mile mall up the road, but it would need to drop its prices a considerable sum in order to not scare off its middle America patrons.Now we all know that Las Vegas is not the value destination it was once decades ago, but $7.00 for a shake?  The price cannot easily be justified, unless the milk was made with organic or raw milk and even then, that would be a stretch.  Appetizers of cheese sticks would have probably been better still frozen as a cheese pop, rather than the fried bland rectangles that they were.  One kitchen staff member easily observed from the counter when I was seated was busy wiping his runny nose with his hand which promptly went into a bin of cooked french fries, talk about salty, glad I didn't order the fries.The enormous space, which used to house a Asian restaurant in a different lifetime will probably meet the same fate, unless they place more effort in preparing better tasting foods and renegotiating the lease on the space to reduce costs.
3	The caprese burger with balsamic shoestring potatoes was really very good. The service here is great, nice, happy hard working people. Its a nice alternative to the standard Las Vegas restaurants. Much like everything else in the Palazzo its expensive especially for a burger place but that aside its worth a stop. I also liked that you can get a beer not always available at a burger joint.
5	Didn't have the appetite to try different things, but the inferno burger I had was pretty good.
3	It was OK, I got the classic which was appropriately unexciting.  They had some interesting choices, but after coming in from what was officially the longest 2,000 mile flight ever, I wasn't in the mood for anything remotely adventurous.  Not much really to say, the burger was alright, the fries were acceptable, and it came out quick.  Service was friendly at the bar, no complaints there either.
3	Stopped in real quick at the bar and ordered food to go.  Mac n cheese noms: basically deep fried mac n cheese cubs/tots.  Comes with a cheese sauce.  A little too creamy/saucy with the cheese in the noms plus the cheese sauce was overkill.  Cheese wasn't sharp enough for my liking.  Parm burger: it's a burger for the vegetarians.  2 slabs of eggplant parm with cheese and marinara sauce between 2 buns.  it was okay on flavor since it's missing all the veggies that a burger would normally have.  they decided to just replicate the italian dish and put it between 2 buns and call it a burger.  for me, i would've preferred a more burger-like experience with all the veggies.Standard burger: what my fiance got.  I don't think he had anything remarkable to say about it.Garlic parmesan fries: decent fries, not amazing, but not bad.Prices were decent for a Las Vegas restaurant.  Burgers range $10-15ish, sides are around $5-7.Nice that they got a few tv's around for you to watch any sports games going on.
4	I've been here a couple of times and each time the quality of the food is delicious. Their fried mozzarella and mac and cheese nom noms are delicious., and I love their caesar salad. Since I don't eat burgers, I haven't had them, but I hear that they're amazing. Plus, the atmosphere is nice, and they're decently priced.
1	I do love burgers, but not the ones here. I gave this place 1 star, because you cant't give 0 on Yelp. For $17, my friend and I shared a "I love bacon" burger - not a lot of bacon, burger was dry (we ordered medium cooked), didn't taste the bacon mayo (if there was any on the burger), and the burger was small (Carl's Jr. Western Bacon Cheeseburger is bigger and Wendy's single Baconater beats this burger hands down). And as the other reviewers have mentioned, an In-n-Out burger for $2 tops this burger. We also ordered the restaurant's housemade chips, as suggested by the waitress. They tasted as though they had been sitting out for awhile. Since this is Vegas, I'll "bet" this place doesn't last longer than 2 years, if that long. With all the food choices available, I would never go back here again. I would gladly pay $17 for a burger at Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay - that place never disappoints and the burgers are juicy, flavorful and cooked to order. I'm surprised that the Venetian/Palazzo would have a place like I Love Burgers that doesn't meet the culinary standards of their other casual dining establishments. I don't like writing negative reviews, but if I can save another person from wasting $17 on a burger here, the review would have done itself justice. And yes, I should have read the other reviews on this place before eating here.
2	Have you ever gone to a restaurant and remembered having a great experience, only to return and find yourself very disappointed? Such is the case with my most recent visit to I Love Burgers. I first went about a year ago before I had started the blog and have been meaning to go back and give a proper review based on that impression. Sadly now I wish I hadn't returned because my view has been tainted.I Love Burgers is located in the shops inside the Palazzo in the heart of tourist territory. While the space is a bit too open and sparse, it's kind of a fun, bubbly attempt at something modern and different. The one major complaint I would have is that the lighting is totally inconsistent and awful. But I'm sure 99% of the people that go in there don't even give this a thought so we can move on.Their menu has everything from appetizers, to shakes, salads, and of course burgers. In addition to some Angus offerings, they also have ground buffalo, turkey and chicken burgers. I had the fried mac and cheese bites on my first visit and wasn't that happy with them, so chose to skip any apps this time. My lunch partner ordered the fried pickles and I guess they were ok although I probably wouldn't order them again. I usually don't mess around with any strange offerings on my initial review visits as I'm trying to focus solely on the burger.As for the burger, this second visit was very disappointing. There was one word I wanted to repeat over and over again: DRY. I'm sad to say that this was the first time I've ever taken apart a burger for one of my reviews and actually add a decent helping of ketchup. The meat was dry, the bun was dry, and it needed help. The meat had ok flavor, but it was just too dry and overcooked to be good. The lettuce was a bit weak, the tomato didn't help, and my cheese was melted but not really present. I don't really remember many of the specifics of my first visit, but I do remember being happy enough to make a mental note for a full return and official review. I'm not sure if I just caught them on a bad day or if things have changed and are not as good as before.One thing I'm sure that changed were the fries. On my first visit I had shoestring fries which I remember being far too thin and not quite substantial enough to hold any good flavor throughout my meal. On this visit I was given normal fries, but found them to be very soggy and had a bad oily taste. Maybe a place that is called I Love Burgers isn't as concerned with their fries, if I wanted amazing fries I should go to I Love Fries?I do want to make a special note in this review and mention the representatives of this restaurant chain. While I was there for lunch I tweeted my location and got a response from them the next day asking how my meal was. After a small conversation back and forth explaining my disappointment, they were very apologetic and mentioned that after supposedly selling over 150,000 burgers this year they're bound to mess up occasionally. I can definitely accept this explanation, and wouldn't write them off for good, but still have to take points off for inconsistency between my two visits, and also take into consideration that my friend was equally as disappointed with his meal. Maybe I'll try their Town Square location next time for something a little different.Based on all that, what can I say? A $10 dry burger, combined with $5 of disappointing fries makes this for a pricey meal that I wasn't happy with. I guess you can take the strip location into account for the price, but I have a hard time paying $5 for fries almost anywhere. At this point I'm really not sure if I can recommend going here, sorry to say. Maybe next time I'm down at Town Square I'll venture into that location and hope for a better experience.
4	Actually 3.5 stars, but I'll bump it up due to our wonderful waitress. She recommended a spiked milkshake (Coffee bean) which was WONDERFUL! More about it later:The standard: Literally a standard burger. Lettuce, tomatoes, cheese. Nothing special. BUT!! The beef patty was moist and you can taste that it was good beef. Not ground crap you buy at supermarkets, but literally fresh ribeye or whatever part of cow it is chopped up into delicious goodness. Salmon salad: I know, I know...go into a burger place and order a salad? Well, for us gluten-free folks we don't really have a choice. Salad was very blah. I felt like a moo-Cow trying to chew on grass. Salmon was moist and good, but still a very unsatisfying meal.Coffee bean milkshake (spiked): Spiked with vodka, kahlua, and baileys. Trust me, you cannot taste the alcohol! Comes in a giant cup with extra on the side...I couldn't stop eating it! The bf had to tell me to slow down ;( Little random chunks of ice cream made it all the better...delicious!Overall, not bad for your average burger, but not gluten-friendly at all. The waitress told me they put bread crumbs in the patty so you can't even order it without the bun. If I could eat the whole burger without suffering from an allergy, I'd come again....but for the salad? No thanks.
1	I wish there was someway to say that this was in anyway a good place to have a burger...... but, there is no possible way. I would rather have a day old McDonald's cheese burger than eat here ever again.My wife and I found out that most restaurants do not stay open very late (by late I mean 10 pm, which for Vegas I thought was the time everything opened) on a random Tuesday night in Vegas. So unfortunately we wondered into this place. The food was horrible, really horrible. Don't waste your money here, I don't care how many drinks you have had, find the food court and get something there, or just find something to eat a little earlier than we did.I can still taste the grease 2 months after the fact!
2	For a place called "I Love Burgers", their burgers do not have much flavor, their garlic fries are not very garlic-y, and onion rings bready with not much pop. More what I'd expect from a $2-3 no-name greasy burger joint than a gourmet burger place at the Palazzo.
1	Would not recommend this place as it is overpriced and underwhelming is the best way to put it.  The "I Heart Bacon" burger was definitely not worth the $17 bucks.  Sure it came with a lot of bacon, but the actual patty was horrible and I couldn't even taste the bacon mayo.  The beef patty seriously tasted as if it came from Costco (the Kirkland brand ones, not the nice juicy ones in the meat section) as the patty was thin-ish, not packed together to make a heavy patty and also not cooked very well at all.   For the money I expect a non-anorexic burger with all the sides and toppings.  Moreover, for that money they don't even include fries or a drink with that...WTF the kids meal for $7 came with a burger, drink, and fries.If you are starving and coming here for food just get the kids meal and move on to bigger and better burgers like at Hash House in Imperial Palace.
1	If you want to spend a ton of money on very mediocre food and service, this is where you want to go. Portions are tiny - $17 for a BURGER? Really?? The only thing that you will be filled with after coming here is regret.There's really no reason to come here when Grand Lux is right downstairs with better prices and far superior food.
1	I made the mistake of trying this place without first consulting Yelp.  You can do far, far better in every respect.  BLT (Mirage), Holsteins (Cosmopolitan), and Gordon Ramsay BurGR (Planet Hollywood) are just three examples that come readily to mind.  I don't mind paying upwards of $17 for a hamburger, if the food and the service are commensurate with that sort of pricing.  The food here isn't bad, but I don't think it's worth what they charge for it, and the service wasn't commensurate with the pricing either.  With the exception of the hostess, everyone seemed to try to do a good job, but didn't know how.  The word clumsy comes to mind.  The hostess wasn't very welcoming at all.  Princess, I don't need my ass kissed, but bear in mind a customer's first impression of the place comes from you. We were seated at a tiny little table, with scarcely enough room for plates and drinks.  The furniture and decor had a cheap look, and felt very much like a fast food place.  I can't recall siting in an more uncomfortable seat than at this place.  It seemed designed to encourage you to eat and leave as quickly as possible.   Come to think of it, I wasn't able to discern any connection whatsoever between the layout and the decor of the place and what was being served.  My hunch is the previous occupant of the space was an ice cream/gelato shop or something similar.   After we were seated, the whole meal felt rushed.   Our server started by offering only soft drinks, but the place serves beer and wine, too.  The meal seemed to be going downhill from the outset, so I ordered a Diet Pepsi to keep it simple.  When I didn't respond quickly enough for the server after he took my buddy's food order, the server decided he would put my buddy's order in and come back.  Mind you, the place was half empty.  Midway through the meal, another dude, with his arm in my face and his hand on my Diet Pepsi, says, "can I get this from you?"  Well, now that your forearm is in my face and your hand is on it, you might as well.  The entire meal was a series of poorly timed interruptions.  For example, how about giving me a chance to try the food before you ask me the perfunctory, "how is everything?"  And how about not asking that question when I am lifting the overpriced hamburger to my mouth to take a bite of it? I'll summarize thusly:  I don't think this place is doing the Venetian any favors.
2	Not a fan of this location as the service was pretty mediocre for the place being not-so-busy.  I started with the Parmesan Garlic Fries and Mac & Cheese Nom Noms.  Fries were a fail as the cheese wasn't freshly grated, it was straight powder - yuck.  The nom noms were pretty good so that's a pass.  I had the Dante burger which was decent.. but since the waiter wasn't interested in placing the correct orders with the correct people, I didn't enjoy it as much.Visit at your own risk.
1	One of the only times I've gone to a restaurant based on a sign and not on Yelp.  I will never make that mistake again!We wondered out of the convention center, starving, and saw a sign for mac & cheese nom nom.  We decided to follow the advertising.  Bad idea.  The place was empty but we were told to wait 10 minutes.  We asked if we could wait at the bar.  We were told that would not be a problem.  The bartender then tried to convince us (in really obnoxious ways, over & over, instead of actually making our drinks) to eat at the bar.  Twenty-five minutes later, we still didn't have drinks or a seat.  We saw another party arrive and be seated, so we inquired at the desk.  They told us they thought we left.  WTF?  Anyway, we get seated, and it takes another 15 or so minutes for our waitress to come over.  We order our burgers and nom noms.  She tells us she will put them in all together because the kitchen is backed up.  What?  Ok. Fine.  I don't know why deep frying mac & cheese takes the same amount of time as grilling meat, but, whatever.An HOUR later, we get our our nom noms & burgers together.  Everything was gross.  The nom noms were cold and the burgers were over cooked.  The waitress never came back to check on us, instead, the bartender came by to refill our drinks (bottomless bloody marys for my friends, I had a diet coke I ended up getting double charged for - figures).  In the end we had to flag down someone repeatedly to get a check then repeatedly to swipe our cards.By far the worst dining experience any of us have ever had and it lasted over TWO HOURS.
3	I must say, huge location, but such RANDOM DECOR!!! I came here when I made a trip to Las Vegas with some friends. I got the Plymouth burger and sweet potato fries. The taste of the burger was alright, but it was extremely messy. The patty was too thin that it broke into pieces before I even got to take a bite out of it! The sweet potato fries were good, it seemed really fresh and had cinnamon sprinkled over them (YUM!). I have to say the service pretty much sucked though and it is pretty expensive (for being such an informal place)! At the beginning, our server was good and attended to us. However, there would be long spurts of time where she would not come to our table. What was she doing in that time? Well I saw her and she was joking around with her co-workers, they were hugging and laughing louder than everyone in the restaurant combined. That is not good service!! I don't go to Vegas often, but when I do go back, I probably won't be coming back here again.
1	I do love burgers.  What I don't love is astoundingly bad service and a thirty dollar burger that tastes like five.  I'll spare you the gory details, but the service at the bar was so bad that almost every diner around me was slinging insults at the one bartender who was (sort of) trying to take care of thirty people at lunchtime.  She seemed to have given up on the job without actually quitting.I couldn't believe the horde of poor bastards who were waiting in line outside of this abomination as I left.  I felt like shouting at all of them to STAY THE HELL AWAY!!! RUN!!!And then I remembered I use Yelp.  Take that, you sorry asshats.  Your restaurant sucks.
4	My dad is a sucker for a good burger.  I am a sucker for  fries.  It landed us here, at I LOVE Burgers.I didn't experience the crappy service that the other people seemed to have, which was nice!  However, I agree with the other patrons who said that the food here isn't really worth the $$.My mom and I split the chicken sandwich, and my dad got a bacon cheeseburger, and my husband got some sort of hot-n-spicy business.  It was pretty good, but my dad's bacon burger was really good--it had bacon actually IN the meat--yum!  And he ordered it well-done, and the waitress had the foresight to mention that it would be well-done, but it would look medium because of the hue the bacon gives to the meat.We also got a basket of fries to share amongst the table, and it was plenty.  The chicken sandwich was really good as well--very juicy and flavorful.  And the barbecue sauce I ordered on the side was delightful as well!  Very good taste to it!The drinks we ordered were really good, too.  I had a frozen margarita that was delicious.  My husband had some yummy imported beer that he thought was good, too!I hope to be back soon!
2	So my bf and I decided to eat here last week, I ordered the ahi sliders as and app plus I ordered the I love bacon burger, both weren't as good as I wanted it to be. The slider buns they use didn't match the flavor of the fish and ponzu sauce. The burger had no sauce on it so I didn't even want to finish my burgers. My bf ordered the jalapeno burger and he also didn't eat it all.. I'll probably try it again they might of just had a bad day
5	Atmosphere: Great! Fun and retro and family oriented, yet could go dressed up. Food: was delicious. More than enough portions. Highlights: Fries! Sweet potato fries were awesome. With their special sauce.
2	This place looks so cute, and has such a great menu, that I had pretty high expectations for their food.  I was severely let down.  My mom and I both tried different burgers and neither of us liked ours.  Mine was eggplant and the whole thing was entirely too mushy.  Worst of all, the buns they use are terrible and flavorless.  The fries were slightly better, but not by much.  And it was expensive.
2	Way overpriced. Just go to Grand Lux for a cheaper, tastier, larger burger. Enough said.I would equate the burgers at I heart burgers to the quality of five guys or smashburger, except I heart burgers cost like 3-4X the amount.
5	We only had a milkshake, but darnit, it was the BEST shake ever. It was cherry and chocolate and alcohol. What more could you want! Also, its enough to split, so $5 a person doesn't seem so bad.
3	While walking through the Palazzo last weekend and starving, my girlfriends and I decided to hit up I Love Burgers. Honestly, we thought the menu was cute so we went in. It didnt have the upscale feel that I like, but I noticed the cocktails on the menu and I was sold. I had the fried pickles, parm fries, and the Upstream (salmon) burger. The pickles were good, the fries were so-so (just powdery and not parmasean-garlicky) but HUGE portion, and my burger was DELICIOUS. I absolutely love salmon burgers so whenever I see one on a menu I have to try it. It doesnt compare to the one I had in Vancouver but it was very good. I couldnt even finish because it was filling. I also had a Peach Fizz cocktail which was very good, although not blended enough to my liking. Service was fine, nothing to complain about there. It was a bit on the pricey side, but that's Vegas!
1	Bad burgers and even worse service!! If you want a great burger go to In and Out!!
2	Hungry to the point where our stomachs were starting to ingest themselves, a few friends and I stopped into I Love Burgers for an early dinner. We were greeted by a super friendly hostess that quickly seated us and gave us menus to peruse. I noticed that each burger was priced around $15 and didn't include any sides, which struck me as being a bit odd. No matter. After a few minutes browsing their delicious-looking options, I ordered the Standard with Pepper Jack cheese and mushrooms, as well as a side of Parmesan fries. I figured $6 for a side of fries was pretty steep, but just having entered the US mere hours earlier I had a hankering for the classic all-American meal, so I ponied up the extra cash. My friends must have thought the same thing, as we were all giddy with excitement for our meals.Not long after, our waitress brought out our (massive!) dinners. It doesn't say this on their menu, but a "side" of fries is actually an entire basket. Had we known, my friends and I would have easily split them, so take note! As for the food itself, the burger was tasty, although not $15 tasty. As for the fries, they were a bit too thinly sliced for my taste, but that's just me.I know what you're thinking: "Sarah, you're giving them only two stars, so there must be more to the story. Out with the juicy details!" Alright, alright. I just needed to write this preamble to collect myself. Brace yourselves...When I went to the women's washroom, there was no soap in the dispenser. Gross, yeah, but it happens from time to time. What made me feel REALLY grossed out was that the staff use the same bathrooms as the customers, so how could they not notice the soap was out, unless...? No! I don't even want to entertain that thought. Of COURSE food service workers wash their hands after using the restroom, right? RIGHT?
2	Sorry, this place doesn't even live up to the Burgers at Grand Lux. Burger Bar is way better too IMO. The server was a really nice guy though.
4	Who don't love burgers ? This was the question that I asked my wife as we passed by the sign while shopping at the Grand Canal Shops at The Palazzo in Las Vegas during our most recent vacation to sin city.So it was we decided that for our next Culinary adventure we would sit down and gorge ourselves at I Love Burgers. The dining room is large with plenty of seating and lots of TVs to watch the games on. The menu is not overwhelming so you should not spend an hour trying to make a decision on what to eat (aka, that's you my dear wife).  For our appetizer we went with Mac and Cheese Nuggets. Little gems of Mac and Cheese breaded, fried and topped with shredded Parmesan are served with a side of spicy cheese sauce, because what else would be served with cheese but more cheese ? We finished these off pretty quickly and easily.  We could talk about my wife Simone's choice for an entree but I'm going to be honest, I don't want to. It was basically Eggplant Parmesan in a hamburger bun. Yes it was good, but why you would order a vegetarian burger at a place the specializes in cooking MEAT Hamburgers is beyond me. So on to some real food. I love Bacon... oh yes... Bacon Bacon Bacon... The I love bacon burger is kinda insane and you probably should consult you doctor before partaking in it. It is half a pound of ground sirloin and ground bacon pattied together and grilled up into one delectable smoky juicy mouth full of a burger meal. On top of this god like burger is yet more crispy applewood bacon, smokey Gouda cheese, fried onion straws and of course bacon mayonnaise. Absurdly delicious and filling, this was a treat for the tummy. Not that it was at all needed but we also ordered a not to be missed side of crispy thin cut Garlic Parmesan dusted french fries and managed to get most of those down also. As I was being rolled out on that stretcher by the paramedics, I couldn't help but smile about my I love Burger adventure
1	Pricey if you bring 7 people including yourself. Overcharge on fountain drink, paid about $14.00. But overall there Burgers are good!
1	This place has the looks and the menu to satisfy, if only they could pull through on the service. I attended I Love Burgers with a group of 6 people during a trade show at the Venetian. First, they told us the wait would be 20 minutes, we waited 45. Second- No one came over for our drink order or food order for 10 minutes. We had to grab a waiter to put our order in. Drink order was not right. We waited over 30 minutes for hamburgers!!! More than half of my team had to leave because the wait was too long. Not only did we wait forever for our food....the food expediter was yelling at the cooks. I was appalled by the experience. If they knew they were short staffed, call more staff in, handle it in a better matter. I was really intrigued by the best fried pickles in the world, however i had to take mine to go and never got to eat them. If you are in the area and want to try, make sure its dead! Otherwise it wont be enjoyable.
4	I'd give it a 4 for good service and nicely presented food. Okok the food wasn't food to drool over but when you're staying in the palazzo and looking for a quick bite to eat - this place hits the spot!
2	Despite being in a top-notch Vegas hotel, I Love Burgers just doesnt offer a decent meal selection for its patrons. The burgers are plain and overpriced. The reviews below exclaim at how huge the burgers are, and I seriously question their depth perception. Sure they're big...if you stare at them 3 centimeters away. I've had larger-sized burgers at my local diner for a fraction of the price.Don't bother getting their signature bacon burger either. For 17 bucks you get a patty with bacon bits along with strips of bacon on top. The problem is that you cant even distinguish the bacon taste in the bacon, and the bacon on top masks over everything anyway! They should call it the "gimmick burger" instead. Fries aren't even included in the order! +1 star for having Killian's Irish Red on tap. It's the only thing I enjoyed on their menu.
3	Had to walk a ways to get to this place. When in Las Vegas you plan to walk a lot. The food was well proportioned. The fries were awesome and loved the special sauce.
4	On the look out for good beer and burgers, my friends and I came down to I Love Burgers to give it a try.  Although some of my friends weren't very impressed, I certainly wasn't disappointed.  Sure, this isn't my favorite beer and burger place, but it isn't a bad one either!  While the food at I Love Burgers is pretty good, I am not sure it is totally worth the price.  I got the big $17 Oregon Trail burger.  The ground Colorado buffalo was quite tasty, although I did have Dances With Wolves level guilt going on.  The price was a bit high for a place with AstroTurf on the wall.  It definitely has a "to-go" atmosphere about the place.  The fries were extra, and just weren't tasty enough to warrant me paying another $5.  The 4th star goes to the craft beer.  While not the best craft beer selection in town, at least they made an effort.  We ordered a pitcher of yummy Lagunitas IPA to go with our burgers.  Most of the staff doesn't know anything about beer, but the bartender, I think his name was Lloyd, impressed me with his beer knowledge.  This guy knew his stuff, and came over to chat with us about beer.  Overall I would revisit I Love Burgers if it was convenient.  There is a better beer place nearby though that will probably be getting the bulk of my Strip lunch business!
5	Me and my boyfriend came here for lunch.  We didn't have a lot of time and so we sat at the bar.  Yeah I'll admit $17 is a lot for a burger but when you're in Vegas you really can't compare the prices to anywhere else.  If it's in a nice hotel it's gonna be even more expensive.  We weren't super hungry so we decided to use our couple super powers and split stuff.  To start off we ordered ourselves a booze shake.  Blueberry macadamia nut muffin.  So Tasty !!! I should have got the one with extra booze in it. For an appetizer we got fried pickles which really weren't that expensive and we got so many I don't even think we finished them.  Then came our bacon burger.  The bartender that put our order in was nice enough to have them cut it for us and deliver it in separate baskets.  It was pretty tasty and just the right amount of food.  If you're super hungry go to a buffet it's a better deal for your money.  But overall I think the service was great, the food was great and the atmosphere wasn't over the top bouche like a lot of places in Vegas.
3	My friends and I were actually planning to try another burger place, but because of time constraints, decided to come here since it was convenient and located in our hotel (The Palazzo). It was pretty empty on a Monday afternoon, but there was a lot of staff working. Place is bright and fun..and relatively kid friendly in decor. Our server was helpful when it came to recommendations. The staff overall was friendly and helpful. We didn't need to just speak to our server whenever we needed anything. Everyone was willing to help. Food: Nom Nom bites - macaroni cheese bites were lacking in flavor. Especially good cheese flavor. I say pass I heart Bacon - good burger with bacon in the patty, more bacon on top and onion straws. Very tasty and was a good "safe" choice for me. Not the best burger I've had, but decent. Garlic Parmesan Fries - DO NOT GET! I repeat...DO NOT GET unless you're expecting to raise your blood pressure by 100X! These were the saltiest batch of fries I've ever tasted. When I told the server they were reallyyy salty, he said it was because of the parm. Even after dusting the parm off, it was still as salty as table salt! My friend's plain fries were salty too. Someone must've spilled the salt all over the fries. Disgusting. Bread pudding - yuck. but I'm not a bread pudding fan to start with so you can disregard this. I just found it to be a little hard than usual. It's served with ice cream, which was the best part about this dish. Creme brulee - not worth it. I'd pass next time...if there is a next time. Overall, this place isn't bad if you're looking for some grub. However, the burgers aren't something you'll be raving about when you're home. Pricey, but whatevs, it's Vegas baby!
4	I had the leghorn(chicken breast) and it was pretty good. My hubby had the standard and he enjoyed it also. We both enjoyed the gourmet buns....thought it brought the burgers up a notch. The service was fast and friendly. For a burger joint our meal was a bit pricey...but hey this is Vegas and a meal for two under thirty bucks is kinda a bargain.
3	My friends and I decided to eat here b/c it was in the hotel we were staying at (The Palazzo).  The restaurant was well lit w/ cute decorations.  The place was clean and the servers were nice and attentive.  For appetizers, we had the nom nom bites and the garlic Parmesan fries. The nom nom bites were just tiny mac and cheese bites.  Not bad, but nothing great.  It was a little bland and you couldn't really taste the cheese.  The garlic Parmesan fries were not good.  It was covered in Parmesan and I couldn't even taste the fries or the garlic.  I shared the I heart bacon burger and the pork sliders.  The bacon burger supposedly had bacon in it but I couldn't taste the bacon in the burger.  There were bacon pieces and onion straws on top.  The onion straws added a nice crunch to the burger.  The burger itself was tender and not dry.  The pork sliders were do it yourself sliders.  The meat was very tender and had a lot of flavors and went well w/ the brioche buns.  For dessert, our group shared the bread pudding and the creme brulee.  The bread pudding was ok, a little dry.  The creme brulee was just ok.  I've had better.  Overall, not a bad place for a burger.
5	I don't know where all these negative reviews are coming from, but I just had an amazing I Love Bacon Burger... It was cooked perfectly and the service was great. Finish off with some deep fried oreos and you are set for the night!
3	Pricey for a burger, if you ask me, but otherwise fine. I stopped in after my original lunch plan turned out to be open for dinner only. This was way different, but a burger sounded good. I like to bracket my week of seafood with beef. I ordered the caprese burger, with fresh mozzarella, tomato, basil, and balsamic reduction. Really pretty good. The combo of the basil and the balsamic was very good with the beef. The cheese always gets lost, as it's a little bit more delicate than the burger tends to be, but it was there, and that's good, I guess. I also got the sweet potato fries, which they were kind enough to ask, cinnamon and sugar or salt. Salt please - I don't need them sickly sweet. Of particular note those, this place doesn't exactly use 97/3 lean beef. More like 70/30. Wow.All in all, satisfying. Their menu is a little small - I guess for a place with a name like this, I was expecting a laundry list of options, when there are in reality only about 8-10, and some of those are fish/turkey, and not really "burgers," if you ask me. Price was high for a burger, but it's Vegas, as I've said a million times this week. Who knows if I'll ever be back, but I wouldn't avoid it.
3	Day trip to Vegas for work. Was at the Sands Expo Center and wanted a burger for lunch. The place is in the Palazzo. Overall, it is mixed bag. I had the Plymouth's Pride. Kind of like Thanksgiving dinner on a bun. The fries were pretty good as well, but had a ton of salt on them.Like all places inside of the casinos, it was expensive. Also, the service was not good. We ordered and rarely saw our waitress after that. Perhaps better options elsewhere.
3	So, my review is probably a bit biased since I came here after pretty much starving for the whole day, so the burgers tasted amazing... but looking back, they were probably just decent.That being said, the service was great, and the restaurant was large enough to hold a lot of people (but we were there during off-hours, so it was pretty empty).  Overall: If you're in the Palazzo looking for a quick bite to eat, go for it, but if you have time to plan out a meal, I'd look somewhere else (you're in Vegas afterall... go big or go home, right?)
4	best burger in town fo'sho!!!!best spiked shakes i've had in my life, specifically the Blueberry one and the Orange cream flavors.Fries are too crispy, and based on the price of the burgers, should be included.Dark beers on tap...awesome!!!every time i go to vegas, i end up going here at least once.It's in the Palazzo, 2nd level next to the designer shoppes.
2	Extraordinarily disappointing. Burger patty was dry and overdone, but bacon was cold and cheese not melted somehow. Fries were underdone, with cold dry potato in the middle of the wedge. The $7 milkshake will not be getting any praise from Vincent Vega. At $35/person, it's steakhouse prices in highchair googie decor. Service was friendly, but slow, though they were good about refilling water. The brioche was very tasty; I wish the burger lived up to it.
3	We  were last day in Vegas and decide to try out this palce before we going to go to airport. Food was really good....... staff was nice .... fries were not great everything esle was ok water was from the tab.........burger was really good.
4	Great low dollar comfort food.  For all the over priced restaurant's in these hotels, this is not one of them.Burgers are great, side dishes are very good.  This is not a gourmet meal, but will be a very good comfort meal.
4	The burgers are very good. I've had the BBQ before & just had the I Love Bacon burger (brisket & bacon yum!) tater tots are a must & love the beer specials. 32 oz. Sam Adams for $10 & you get to keep the cup :) all I have to say is I love I Love Burgers!
4	Ok - so this fine burger joint is located on the 2nd floor ofthe Palazzo. I came here just for some sanity and to eat myfirst meal of the day after arriving from the airport andchecking in. This place has free wi-fi. A very cool feature.Not just your ordinary burger place, you have all sorts ofinteresting burger choices. Once I had some fish (I think itwas ahi) and this last time I had the eggplant. Yeah. It'sjust me. I always gotta try the stuff that's "different."So this place also has all sorts of beer as well. You can'tget that at McDonald's - so that's why I was "lovin' it" overhere. Most of the waitresses here were eye candy quality sothat was another plus. How many burger places offer DeleriumTremens? That's what I thought. Yeah - it all ain't cheap. 10 bucks for a burger. But it's Vegas.
3	This place isn't bad! My friend works here so I decided to come in and visit. The staff is friendly and helpful. Burgers are good, but I feel like they're a little too expensive. I'd probably go back - but with my parents so I wouldn't have to pay for anything (haha). The tater tots are good, but saaaaalty which was kinda lame. I wanna try some of the other burgers since the last time I went I just got a standard burger. I had a bite of the salmon burger though and it was pretty good. However I will say this: nothing compares to a burger from the Counter. If I had to choose between this place and the Counter, I would still choose the Counter. I do like that they have free wifi though!
4	Really good burgers but the service is slow
1	The hotess greated us and sat us took a while for the waitress to come take our order she was to busy talking with the staff. Once she took our order we watched her again took about 5 minutes for her to enter the order into the computer another 5 for our drinks and then our order was screwed up. The waitress never checked on us and gave us the bill with the item we did not get. When we told her she seemed shocked and had the manager take it off. Service is horrible would never go back even for a free meal better burger places in vegas then this
2	Check in on foursquare for FREE nom noms (mac n cheese) which r pretty delicious...comes w/a sauce too! ordered to go here which u do at the bar...the bartender has that im-better-than you attitude....their Chili cheese fries w/mushroom are a little odd...the mushrooms really don't go...food takes a while too...get the spiked milkshakes...they are strong!! u really taste that alcohol
5	A lot of people like to compare this place to Umami Burger. It's a solid comparison, but there are a few things that make this place better:1. Spikes milkshakes. That's right, spiked milkshakes. Or double spiked. Either way, the oreo one was delicious. The booze complimented the milkshake excellently. 2. Fried pickles. But these aren't your average fried pickles...they are tempura fried pickles. Oh dear lord, they were absolutely outstanding. They were made possible by Tim, their resident bartender/server/chef/all-around awesome guy. 3. They really know their way around bacon.4. They have a really large selection of burgers and delicious appetizers. If your not adventurous enough to try the friend pickles (your loss), do NOT ignore the mozzarella sticks. If you're in Vegas preparing for a crazy night, or recovering from one, this is the place to go. I can vouch for the "I Heart Bacon and Eggs Burger," simply because I do, in fact, heart bacon, eggs and burgers. Eat and drink here and tip well. They deserve your money.
3	Located downstairs of the Palazzo, very convenient. The food here was OK, but I expected a little more. We had just arrived to Vegas and got our room. Saw a coupon for this place so we gave it a try, and plus it was quick and cheap. There is a to-go window right outside of the restaurant so we decided to pick up some food and eat in our suite. We had the tater tots (can't go wrong with that), the short rib sliders (not that great) and my boyfriend just had a regular burger. Food was not that great, but they are opened until midnight!
1	Was hungover so while the rest of my buddies went off to Tao beach, I went downstairs (Palazzo) to try and find something quick to eat for the two of us that stayed behind. Place looked casual enough so I ordered some food to-go to bring back up to the room. The kitchen was painfully slow. My food took over half an hour to come out. When I finally tried my burger, it ended up being one of the driest burger's I've had in a long time. My ordered cooked "medium" was cooked way past well. Later that night, I had the room service burger in my room and it was so much better than at I Love Burgers. If you're looking for a quick fix to eat in at Palazzo, order room service.
1	SLOW getting food out, server had too many tables to do anything other than take our order.  Sat for over 45 minutes after placing our order without food or drink refills.  Many tables after us got their food way before us and all we ordered was sliders, chicken strips and fries.  Server kept saying "just a few more minutes" and food didn't come out in a few more minutes.  Lots of frustrated patrons waiting and waiting and waiting.  When our food finally came out, the burgers were not cooked as we ordered, the chicken strips were sitting in grease and the fried things tasted like they'd been fried in old grease.  We were in a hurry to get back to our conference so we didnt hwve time to complain. Greasy and not worth the wait or price!
2	Burger Bar @ Mandalay is better. Too much bun and not enough meat!  Service wasn't so good-saw several mix-ups with customers, tried to give me the wrong food, etc.
1	The burgers are ok, but the mace in Mandalay Bay is way better!  Plus, they wouldn't let me make any substitutions and got part of my order wrong.  And once our food arrived, our waiter was nowhere to be found.
3	Love sitting at the bar! Staff is friendly and the ahi burger is amazing!!
4	This was a perfect place to be in and out in 30 minutes. We went to see the new Batman movie and before the movie wanted to eat but the place we wanted to eat at went out of business 2 days ago. The burgers were really good. Glad I didnt go to In N Out.
2	This place is a bit pricey and not really worth it. I would definitely go back to Stripburger instead.We started with the cheese sticks and mac and cheese nom noms (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R6jpwPBe9edy0P64uyaLKA?select=_U-515IIuae5qvD7sYFc7A#xQXBjTZ0XICzhGSTDkioMg) I felt like they were both a bit dry and could be more gooey, I mean c'mon isn't that why we eat cheese because of the gooey goodness?We split a IHEARTBacon Burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/R6jpwPBe9edy0P64uyaLKA?select=_U-515IIuae5qvD7sYFc7A#7-sF-QbQc2CpIUWAST3wHA) which definitely sounded a lot better then it tasted. Dry and not as flavorful as you would expect for having 3 different types of bacon in it. Pricey and left unsatisfied. I want to "I Love Burgers" but it's more like "I've Had Better Burgers."Also our service was slow for a not so busy place.Meh. I've definitely experienced better.
1	burgers were cold .....i was not impresed ...18 % gratuity for our party of six and the service was just ok ....i will never go back
3	I think I posted my check-in somewhat prematurely when I was only looking at the menu. 3 stars is about right. Everything sounds good, and it's not bad quality but nothing we had was all that unique and the service definitely left something to be desired.I ha the Oregon Trail Burger, a buffalo pattay with the normal fixin's and an aioli sauce that I couldn't even taste. It was of course pricey because we were on the Strip and it was buffalo.We also got garbage fries, ground beef, black olices, sour cream, jalapenos, onions, they were alright too, but nothing to write home about.The vanilla shake was very very good, which brought the experience up, but like I eluded to, our server seemingly forgot about us several times and it wasn't even that busy.
2	How does 'I Love Burgers' serve a burger that is the definition of mediocre?I first ate at I Love Burgers last year and remember the food being good, and I was sober when I ate there. Fast forward a year and I. Was disappointed by my last visit. Maybe it was because I had the Standard burger with cheddar. Maybe I should have tried the $24 Kobe beef burger. Regardless I don't see myself going back unless someone vouches for something specific on the menu.The $6 "fresh cut fries" are not worth it and they do not taste fresh cut at all.If you have to eat something fairly quick this place will do but please don't have high expectations.
1	This place poisoned me. They are sloppy in their kitchen and do not cook their burgers thoroughly. I was up entire night vomiting from their bacon cheeseburger.DO NOT GO HERE!
1	Dreadfully mediocre.  I don't think i've had a less flavorful burger anywhere, including at fast food joints.We had a party of 6, so we were automatically charged the 18% gratuity despite the waiter forgetting my pepsi, and forgetting to have our garbage fries with no olives.  While the fries were decent (as well as the garlic fries, although the tater tots were just ok), everyone agreed that the burgers were very plain, especially given they range from $11 - 25.  The jalapenos on the Inferno weren't spicy at all, and the Standard doesn't even come with any sauce which makes the plain patty taste even more bland.  We came here because it was handy while we were staying at the Palazzo and didn't want to go far, but don't bother.  Walk somewhere else.
2	Food is like any other burger joint, nothing really special. Clean environment, decent happy hour, average prices, friendly staff. Their movie ticket/burger combo and lunch specials are a great deal though!
4	We had a party of four that were famished from a 110 degree morning spent drinking and swimming at the pool. When we came in and asked for a round of waters they came out really quick with them and kept them full throughout our meal.  My husband and I split an I love bacon burger and ordered mac & cheese bites and fried pickles for the table.  The mac & cheese bites were the best I've ever had. I was glad that the burgers don't come with fries so I could indulge in these and not feel as guilty!  The fried pickles were really good too.  They were cut thin and fried.  Many places fry the spears and it's like an explosion of hot liquid when you bit into the pickles.  This place has it just right.The burger was really tasty.  They are thick patties and quite a decent size so if you don't want to feel too full I'd recommend splitting the burger like my husband and I did.  We didn't eat breakfast and it was around 3PM when we finally ate here. This is the only food we ate all day and we were content.The only reason I'm not giving this place five stars is that the waitress was really pushy about drink specials.  Its Vegas so I know this is what she has to do (you could tell) but the company shouldn't have their employees try so hard to push drinks on people..
2	We were here on Monday night and I must admit I didn't do my homework first. First of all the place was not even half full at a prime dinner hour. Once we were seated I thought a server would be right over. Nope! They were too busy grab assing in the back. Did the hostess even bother to give them a heads up? Uh, no. That might be too far for her to walk. So once they spotted us our server was on top of his game. They have some decent burger concoctions here. I just happened to pick the one that has to be spot on for all the flavors to come together. I'm not sure that's even possible with the Heart and Seoul Burger. But when the patty is charred it totally ruins this burger. Yes I told my server and the manager showed up and I should have sent it back. I also pointed out to our server that you can see the cooks chatting away as they are cooking. Ok so they comped a desert big deal. The biggest disappointment was the Garbage Fries. That's what they are called, as I found out for good reason. When you throw a bunch of stuff on fries that have been sitting under a heat lamp instead of freshly made fries that's why you get them so quickly. My wife's burger was just OK. We both agreed that any Islands burger is probably better than any burger here. This is all on management here. Pay more attention to the back of the house and you can change that.
4	Great bun, really salty fries. Fun atmosphere, attentive service.
3	I got right in and waited ten minutes for a waitress.  Ordered caprese burger and poutine fries.  Doesn't anyone season their burgers?  It was good but too much balsamic.  Fries didn't have much gravy but were tasty anyway.
2	I was not impressed.  My husband was not either which he is a die hard for hamburgers & hot dogs, I guess there is another burger joint not far from where we were which had better reviews.  Also there us a pinks in the strip
3	My husband and I stopped here for lunch because it seemed to be the only restaurant in the Palazzo shops that wasn't a fancy sit down dinner type of place.  We just wanted something quick and easy.  The menu has a wide variety of burgers, hot dogs, milkshakes, and everything that would be fitting for a burger joint.  The atmosphere is also very fitting and looks almost 50's style.  The service was good as was the food but everything was overpriced.  My burger was $16 for a BBQ burger and my husband got a traditional hamburger with an additional bleu cheese topping for $15.  I think the burgers were as good as ones you'd get at Red Robin, but these prices do not include fries.  You'll have to pay an extra $7 per person if you want that.  But the fries or tator tots come large and you can order one and share it with someone.  We got the tator tots and they were excellent.  We also tried the appetizer called fried macaroni nom noms.  They are7 small bite sized cubes.   Inside the cubes are 2 or 3 pieces of macaroni and it's served with cheese sauce.  They tasted good but for $6 it was overpriced.  There was no wait and it wasn't crowded so if we were at the Palazzo and really wanted a burger we might stop in again.
3	I was looking for the best burger in Vegas.  I didn't find it here.I did find a nice hamburger and some good sides.The fried mac & cheese bites were delicious.The tater tots were portioned for two.  You know what?  From what I saw, everything here is portioned for two, except for the burgers.It's good here, I'd come back... I just wouldn't rush back.On second thought, they said that they couldn't put the Giants football game on, maybe I won't go back.
3	Burgers were good and staff were very nice and helpful. I would recommend this place for a quick bite to eat before heading  out for the night.
3	Great happy hour prices!It's from 3-6PM and all their appetizers are half off!  I ordered the garbage fries which are topped off chili, jalapeno, green onions, cilantro, black olives and cheddar cheese and it was a little over $4.  The fries were pretty good and definitely filling.  Decent for the happy hour price but I don't think their quality of food is worth their normal listed price.
2	I came here again with clients on a Sunday afternoon and once again I was disappointed. There were 8 of us and we ordered a beer. At first, only 7 beers came out. Additionally, many of the brews were presented as something else, a few presentations were comically bad as when our server stated that a glass held an IPA when it was clearly a dark brown ale. My beer came out last, after I had to remind her of my order. Passing out the burgers was less muddled, but only because a different server just called out the burger and we raised our hands.We also ordered the World's Best Fried Pickles which is two words two long because there was nothing about them that made them the "world's best," they were simply fried pickles. Also, the fried pickle "appetizer" came out AFTER all of our burgers.The only plus, and the only reason I added one star to the review was that I had the Heart and Seoul burger which was actually quite tasty. The avocado and kim chi gave the burger a distinct flair.Avoid this place if you can, but if you must, sit at the bad and know that at least the Heart and Seoul burger is good.
3	I got the garbage fries and chicken tenders during happy hour and it was super cheap! It was like 4 dollars each and they gave a lot. The garbage fries were hugeee and were so goood , especially when I saved them for late night munchies! They also gave a lot of chicken tenders for the happy hour price.I dont think i would pay full price for these items because it wasn't the best and if you could get it for half off why would you ever pay regular price?!
2	This place did not impress.  We were looking for something casual and tasty and settled on this spot.  I had the Bacon/Brisket burger and my wife had another burger but both were pretty average.  They advertise 55 beers but I think that at least 50 of them are generic macro brews with a couple craft selections like Lagunitas and Stone.We also had an order of fried pickles which came with an extra hair on them.  Interesting thing is that the pickles were sliced lengthwise and fried.  My wife had a frozen daquiri that was tasty.The servers were helpful but there seemed to be way to many of them standing around.Overall:Fries: RegularPickles: Good (if not hairy)Burger: Regular
3	In the Palazzo Casino/Resort. Quick place to eat. They had some cool looking milkshakes but we opted for tea only. Got the Angus Sliders which were pretty good along with the Lettuce Wedge w/ blue cheese. Not a bad lunch but pricy and service was very slow. Short review, but nothing to really go crazy over.
2	Sorry, but I Love Burgers isn't that great. I should have known better when I saw all of the signs in the mall that stated "Tell them Dante sent you for 15% off your bill" and the place was only 20% or so full, but I wanted to give them a try and was unfortunately unimpressed. While my wife liked her hot dog, my burger was devoid of any real flavor which was a real shame as the gorgonzola-topped burger should have been fantastic. The brioche bun was nice and soft but they really needed to season the burger and no amount of salt livened it up. The garlic parmesan fries were run of the mill thin frozen french fries and the garlic and parmesan came on the side in these little containers. Really? Why couldn't you have tossed the fries in it? I wouldn't be surprised if this place was closed the next time I come to Vegas.
4	I was here while on vacation and I must say this place was made just for me. Burgers... Gooood. Beer!! Goooood!! Over 55 beers, from local breweries to classy imports. I got the I love bacon n egg sliders. 3 black angus sliders with bacon, onion strings,bacon mayo, gouda and fried quail egg = Absolute perfection!! Also, if you get their 32oz souvenir cup you can come back all day(with receipt) and refill it with anything you want for half price... and I mean anything(they also have a full bar). Our server Tracee was the shit!! Coolest person I think I have ever met at a restaurant, and I've been to a lot of restaurants. Funny, down to earth, and just an overall genuine person. Tracee you ROCK!! Aside from it being a little messy and the decor a bit confusing, this place was seriously one of the highlights of my trip. Wish there was one in San Diego...
3	This is a good spot for a fast, casual lunch. The burger was good, but got most of it's flavor from being very greasy. Expect to pay about $15-20 for a burger that is on par with Habit.
3	If you're looking for a quick place then this is a decent choice. We had a bean burger, fries and a kale salad. The burgers and salads were good but fries were cold and greasy.Service was uniquely strange. The server seemed disinterested in us completely....in fact she never spoke a single word to us. Just stood in front of us to take our order and then did the same when we paid - zero interaction in between.  Don't think we'd ever experienced that before....at least it was peaceful. ;-)
4	I don't looove burgers, but this place is pretty damn good. It's not exactly the burgers that I remember though. They were good, yes, but there are good burgers everywhere.It's the milkshakes. I think my bf and I got a blueberry pancake (?) and caramel corn. They both literally taste like blueberry pancake and caramel corn in milkshake form. I was like wtf, how do they do that? It's not a gross kind of way where you imagine throwing milk, ice cream, and pieces of caramel corn and pancake in a blender and serve that. Or maybe that's exactly how they do it. I dunno, but those milkshakes were awesome.
2	I went by this hamburger place a few times and never saw a big crowd. One night, I did not feel like to wait and decided to check out this restaurant. I had a hamburger, salad and fries to go. Was I wrong to have a take-out. My hamburger was burnt, therefore, I could not get it replaced. But both fries and salad were good though. No wonder this place was never busy.
4	I love Burgers is located on the second floor of the Palazzo Hotel close to the suite elevators. This is the perfect alternative to room service as it is quick and easy to get to. The actual restaurant is clean with a lot of TV's if you would like to watch a game while you eat. I ordered to go and took my very large cheeseburger and fries back up to my room. The fry order was huge so definitly share. The burger was delicious. The cost for this burger and fries was about $20. This place isn't cheap but it is cheaper and quicker than room service.
4	What's with the reviews about the cost? If you're on the strip, it's going to be expensive. I enjoyed great service, a terrific waiter who was not pushy & made great suggestions. The garbage fries were perfect to share, the truffled cheese on my waygu Kobe & port wine reduction gravy made for a perfect burger. The spiked vanilla shake was yummilicious & blended nicely with the vanilla vodka.My husband enjoyed his caprese burger, too! Will be back!
4	Great burger !   I had  a Caprese Burger, very good.
3	Decent burger, but nothing to write home about. Atmosphere is fun and the service was really good. Combo of good service and standard burger = three stars.The bar for burgerz iz high. I'M FROM FREAKIN' NOO YAWK WHERE THE BURGACIOUSNESS IS PROLIFIC, n' stuph.This doesn't touch Burger Joint, Shake Shack, or any of the awesome burger places in my city.
4	Keep in mind you're on the strip soooooooo that means that the tab will be a bit pricey, more than $20 for a burger & fries. FYI fries DO NOT come w/ the burger. The shoe string fries are plentyful & their sauce for it, similar to 1000 island is delicious! I selected the I LOVE Bacon burger, which has bacon strips & bacon mayo. Solid burger to say the least. Sit at the bar if you want to ensure fast service, conversation, & your needs met. Good atmosphere & good people.
1	Dry&cold. Doesn't get any worse then that. Fry's were hot but definitely  not fresh.
1	So not good. So not worth $17. I know it's the Strip and I expect prices to be high, even for casual food and I'm fine with that, but if you charge $17 for a burger there's a minimum expectation that should be met. Like maybe it should be served hot. Even though my burger was served medium rare, it was so dry I had to pile on more mayo to get any flavor at all. The outside was way over-charred, the inside was a red/pink color that I've never seen in a burger. I always eat my burgers medium rare, so I know what they should look/taste like. When you cut into a medium rare burger there should be some juice - usually it's dripping down your hands. Not here - not so much as a drop, just a weird color that makes me wonder what they're adding to the meat. And it wasn't hot, barely room-temp warm. I got the I Love Bacon burger which had very little bacon or any other flavor (supposedly a "blend" of brisket and bacon, so maybe that's why the color was odd?). The "crisp" bacon described on the menu was soggy. The bacon mayo had no bacon flavor (I actually opened the burger to see if they'd even put any on). So basically I got a barely-warm, bland burger for $17. I also ordered garlic parm fries - again, barely warm, kinda chewy, they'd definitely been sitting around a while. Definitely out of a bag, not hand cut or anything that I've normally seen at high-end burger places (at least the ones who care about putting out good quality product). That was another $7 and not worth it, I only ate a few of them. McDonalds has better fries. The side of garlic mayo that came with the fries did come in handy to put on the burger. Here's my theory on how they make the burgers - pre-formed patties that are slightly pre-cooked. Then they stick them in the fridge. When you order, they toss them on the grill again to warm them up. That's the only thing I could think of that  would explain the temp of the burger and the overly-charred exterior. And the super-dry texture. I really regret not sending it all back and asking for the food to be served hot, as it should be. But I was tired and hungry and just wanted to eat and move on. Bottom line - save your money, go elsewhere. Even the Johnny Rockets in the Grand Canal Shops serves up a better burger and fries. And for less. I will say my server was pleasant and efficient. That's the only good thing I can say about the place.
1	If there were an option for zero stars - that is what this place would get. I RARELY write reviews but this place was AWFUL! Worst burger I think I've ever had...reminded me of high school cafeteria meat. I paid for extra toppings that were not received and the french fries were so soggy and undercooked I thought I was going to get sick from the first bite. Please do not even consider ordering from this place!
4	BURGERLICIOUS!Great stop for some decent priced hamburgers in VEGAS!I ordered the Seoul Burger Medium cooked and it was amazing! The hamburger comes with poached egg, avocado, kimchi for the right combination. First bite the hamburger literally oozed out with flavor from the meat and the egg from the yolk. It was even better when it was then mixed with kimchi and avocado. The garbage fries is also fantastic. Great mix of everything you can imagine. Please eat with a fork. TOP it off, the place has alcoholic slushes and alcoholic smoothies! I ordered the lemonade with orange flavored liqueur. Enough said!
4	Great burger, nice beer selection and excellent service.
1	Don't expect anything fast or served efficiently at this place! Still waiting at 50 minute mark for a burger while other customers walk out the door!Save yourself from this experience!Burgers finally arrived 75 minutes later after 11pm!No plans on returning, in fact I will picket outside if given the opportunity.Couldn't even get a glass of water for 20 minutes.If I had a camera you would see everyone walking out!
5	great burgers! must try the i love bacon burger and the mac n cheese nom nom's!!!
4	Not sure what the fuss is about...this place was good, they had basics and some jazzy things and shakes were good as well.
4	Service: above AverageDecor: bizarre and really interestingFood: I had a memorable burger; nice thick patty.  Very good beer selection which every gastropub or burger bar should have.Definitely would recommend.
2	We went here twice a couple of years ago when we were staying at the Palazzo and I fell in love with the Oregon Trail burger, at the time it was my 2nd best burger ever. We went back a few days later to have another one. We've been raving about it and once we got back to Vegas this year we made a point to go back. What a disappointment! Dry, smaller, overlooked burger with no condiments, just lots of onions and soggy lettuce. Paying over $50 for 2 burgers, fries and a side salad is way too much when the food is less than mediocre. We won't be going back next time we're in town, that's for sure.
1	Great friendly service... But the burger was horrible!! I had one bite and had to spit it out!!! Wow... Disgusting!!! At least... The waitress was nice!! I wish there was a way I could choose zero stars!!
4	Yum!!! Finally got my fix of buffalo burger! I've been craving once since I was last at Colorado 2 years ago. I ordered the "Oregon Trail" Buffalo burger with no cheese or sauce and added avocado. Delicious!!! I was reminded how much I love buffalo meat. Mmmm... buffalo meat. I ate every bite of my burger. My friend ordered the Garbage fries (which I ate quite a bit) and delicious too. My only problem was that I added avocado for $2 and I got 2 skimpy slices of avocado. It didn't even cover half of my patty. Price: The specialty burgers are a little expensive but I think to try it once for a great burger, then come eat here and shelf out the $20.Service: Our server was pretty friendly. Sometimes it was difficult to get her attention - the place is pretty large and it was ful of people. I always wish there is a button (like in Korean restaurants) to get your server's attention. If you want a great burger in Vegas - eat here. It's definitely worth it.
2	This review is going to cover both of my experiences at 'I Love Burgers'.The first time was in January 2012. I am a bit of a burger fanatic, so when my buddy and I saw this restaurant while walking through the Palazzo, we had to stop and try it.My first impression was that the dining area is too sterile and it was packed! But the true question was how are the burgers? They did not disappoint. We ordered the Fried Mac & Cheese Noms to start. They are VERY small, but the flavor was fantastic. On to the burgers!We ordered three so we could cut them in half and try a variety. Caprese Burger, Wagyu Kobe Burger, and the Oregon Trail Burger. As well as Sweet Potato Fries.The Caprese Burger was cooked perfectly, as were all the patties, however the balsamic reduction was a bit much. There was quite a bit on the burger and feel a little less would have added to it. Sometimes less is more. That was the case here. 2 star burger.The Wagyu Kobe burger was good.... But not $25 good. The patty was juicy and flavorful but it didn't make my eyes roll back in my head like Kobe Beef should. The Truffle Cheese was a fantastic addition, after all, Truffle cheese is amazing all on it's own! I didn't care for the pretzel bun at all. 3 star burger.The Oregon Trail burger was great! I make Bison Burgers on average of once a week at home. For those that haven't tried Bison, you are doing yourself an injustice. Bison is lower in Fat, lower in Cholesterol, Higher in Protein and in Minerals. Has an amazing sweet taste, and is so JUICY!!!!  Back to the burger.... We ordered it with caramelized  onions to soften them up and take the edge off a bit. The result was a spectacular burger. Juicy, perfectly cooked, flavorful, with a perfect amount of roasted garlic aioli. The Wheat bun was firm enough to hold the burger together, yet not so dense that it took away from the tender patty. 4+ star burger.Sweet Potato Fries were great. Dusted with the perfect amount of cinnamon and brown sugar. So, over all, the first visit deserved 3 1/2 stars. Being there are no half stars on yelp, let's call is 4 stars, as it was better than 'A-Ok'.The second visit was last week. This time I knew what I wanted. I walked in around 5:30 pm. The place was DEAD! And it remained dead for the hour and a half that I was there.I sat down, placed my order of Mac & Cheese Noms, an Oregon Trail Burger with Caramelized Onions cooked medium rare, and Sweet Potato Fries.The Noms came out pretty quick. They were as good as I remembered. Still a bit small, but, good nonetheless. Then came the fries and burger. Fries were luke warm at best. Some were even a bit soggy. It was bad. Just bad. However, the burger was worse. My previous experience of a perfectly cooked Medium-Rare burger was a memory. What I received was what appeared to be a juicy Buffalo Patty, but in reality was a dry piece of shoe leather. After my first bite, I cut into the burger to view a grey DRY overcooked $18 burger that my dog would have rejected. I squeezed the patty and not one drop of any type of liquid could be found. This was a first degree burger felony! For the remainder of my stay at the Venetian, I stayed clear of 'I Love Burgers'. Granted this could be an isolated incident. But it was so bad that it wasn't worth taking the chance. This visit was not only zero stars, but, I would go so far as to give it multiple negative stars.The WORST burger I have EVER had. And I've had some pretty bad ones.Because of the good first experience, I have given it 2 stars. Otherwise it would be one star. I don't think I will ever give it a third shot.
3	Winding down a great trip to Vegas, we stopped here for lunch on the way back to the airport.  The menu is full of items I want to try.  I settled for:Bacon BBQ Burger, $16http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/i-love-burgers-las-vegas?select=MchRrYzyVaq2GS1o5YHzBw#MchRrYzyVaq2GS1o5YHzBwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/i-love-burgers-las-vegas?select=fbKh1oDkptT-Hre343bLqg#fbKh1oDkptT-Hre343bLqgFried Pickles, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/i-love-burgers-las-vegas?select=wrSi0xR004uKJMdWNgje-Q#wrSi0xR004uKJMdWNgje-Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/i-love-burgers-las-vegas?select=0cbEu0kP4czyUHG_ZRGTXQ#0cbEu0kP4czyUHG_ZRGTXQFried Mac 'n Cheese, $6http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/i-love-burgers-las-vegas?select=S0kywFjfzMvrsHe1tBrAsQ#S0kywFjfzMvrsHe1tBrAsQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/i-love-burgers-las-vegas?select=UBNwWJK4P0t-Qd3DqgYZTg#UBNwWJK4P0t-Qd3DqgYZTgThe Fried Pickles were *meh*, nothing to really speak of....the Breading was bland & lacked flavor.The Fried Mac 'n Cheese was awesome.  If I could make these at home, I'd make a whole bowl of them and eat them while watching a game.  The Bacon BBQ Burger was pretty good.....$16 good?  Nah, but it was good.  I understand that it's the Strip and prices would be high, but for $16 at a place called "I Love Burgers", I was expecting to be blown away.  That said, I'll come back again and will try a few more menu items, it's that interesting to me.We dined at the bar and the service was really good.Return Factor - 90%
1	STOP don't go in! 4 burgers 3 fries $100!!!!! I think salt was extra because the all the burgers were so bland. They even got two orders wrong, just  bad all around. What's next Hep-A?Thanks to my buddy's for introducing me to "In and Out burger" now that's the place to go!
3	They have interesting burgers, but the fact of the matter is, it's still a burger joint. They're burgers are around $15-20. They're great, but they're not worth THAT much. What I do appreciate are the variety of burgers like the Caprese burger or the options of a sunny side up egg to go on top. To me, this place is like a level higher than Johnny Rockets or Islands, but at least those places give you french fries for free. Call me crazy, but I believe fries should come with a burger, especially if you're charging me a two-digit price for these suckers. All in all it's a good place to visit if you're on the strip, but definitely not a place to go more than once. It was alright.
4	This place is great! I had the chili burger, sweet potato fries and the blue berry pancake milk shake! Holy cow that shake was to die for!
1	My husband and i are really big fans of burgers, and we wanted to give a try to this place for lunch time. The place is really cool, well decorated and spacious. The service was below average, after our waitress got our orders we didn`t see her face again until she brought the check. She even didn`t ask if we needed anything or doing allright. I ordered Dante burger and my husband built a custom burger for himself with some Parmesan Garlic Fries on the side . My burger was okay, but it wasn`t worth that much money. My husband`s order was completely disappointing, because even though he asked for 3 toppings for his burger, they forgot to put one of those. The fries was  allright, but they were pre-cooked, cold and not so fresh. We paid $46 for a mediocre lunch, i would rather go to any other fast food restaurant for a better experience.
2	We are locals but we came here with friends . . The service was awful our waitress was rude & un attentive We started off with drinks their frozen daiquiris were good! Then we had the fried mac and cheese nom noms omg they were really good! My burger however was terrible I ordered a cheeseburger with everything it came with bacon which was an add on I had never mentioned it also didn't come with fries ? What kind of burger doesn't come with fries? If you want fries be sure to ask for them when you order  . . It was also cold and under cooked the middle was dark pink. . The cheese on the burger was scare In all it was a terrible burger which makes me think that they Don't Love Burgers. I won't be going back :/
1	If I could give a zero, I would. $25 kobe burger was horrible. $15 slush drinks ..aful as well. Only bright spot was Erik our server.doubt I will get home without getting sick. This local WONT ever be back.. Avoid this place!
4	For a "fast" burger joint in a large Las Vegas hotel, I have to admit this was a nice surprise. Burger was perfectly pink and the brioche roll was really delicious. And the price was decent - $11 for a regular burger.Also enjoyed a raw kale salad with crasins and pine nuts as a side. It wouldn't be for everyone but I thought it was a perfect compliment to a juicy, high-calorie burger :)Oh, and a pretty broad selection of draft beers which is also nice for an inexpensive burger joint.A lovely surprise.
1	At first glance, this looks like a cool restaurant. It's designed uniquely and decorated with off the wall things like fake grass on the walls.  It all goes downhill from there though.  I ordered the I Heart Bacon & Egg sliders ($14).  Out came 3 perfect little burgers in a row that had bacon, bacon mayo, fried quail egg and fried onion that looked amazing.  Looks were extremely deceiving!  The burgers were so dry and flavorless.  Not even bacon could save this one.  I tried a bite of their ultimate cheeseburger ($22) and it was basically a glorified Big Mac but with less taste.  It was 2 dense beef patties smothered in cheese and sauce.  Our side dish was a sad looking handful of French fries ($6) and you could tell they don't use fresh potatoes.I know you're always going to pay more for food in Vegas but with the price tag, I expect quality food.  The food here is extremely overpriced for what you get.  What killed my experience here was that not only was the food disappointing but the service was terrible.  We had to wait forever to place our order and then again to get the check at the end.  If we needed a drink refill or anything, we literally had to wave someone down.This restaurant seems like it has potential, but it needs some major work.
3	This spot is OK at best and didn't really live up to my expectations. The appearance is cool and fun but the food just didn't match the atmosphere, not to mention the service was slow and could of been better. I went with the I Heart Bacon burger with a side of deep fried pickles. The burger was good but nothing spectacular and the pickles were the same. Just didn't have any special flavor that stood out or anything. My problem with this place is that I was hoping for a kick-ass burger that knocked me off my feet and I just didn't get that here.
2	My Boyfriend and I are huge burger lovers, so we decieded to eat at "I Love Burgers" for that reason. We were disappointed. The service was horrible (We only saw her twice throughout our meal). The food, was okay. For the price we paid, i was expecting a lot more. My boyfriend was trying to remain positive about the meal, but i knew he wasn't feeling it either. I would not come back again, nor recommend it to anyone who wants a good burger.
1	My wife and I joined her family for late Sunday morning breakfast.  Although we sat quickly, the food took an extraordinarily lengthy amount of time to arrive then was either cold or missing items.  In fact, my nephew was the last to receive his meal.  It was a very embarassing situation since we found this establishment and suggested it for breakfast.  The manager ended up comping the meal but would have been nice to actually enjoy a warm, delicious breakfast wiith our family that traveled to Vegas.
4	Great burgers!
1	The burger gods were not on my side in Vegas.Though the reviews for here should have been an indication of me to stay away from there the damn free nom noms when you check in made me want to give them a try.The first glace is cute, what girl doesn't like hearts and bright colors?Once you get in it has a cafeteria feel with small tables and dirt everywhere.The white walls scuffed up, the seats sticky and facing the wall, not quite a nice view.Waitress took her time getting to us.So long in fact that the couple next to us ordered, got their food, sent it back and left before we got to order (from the same darn waitress!)We had just ordered the nom noms and were debating the eat those and leave, give them a chance or just leave, but after seeing how tiny and sad the burgers looked that the couple next to us got, we got up and dipped out.Seriously, the $22 ultimate double cheeseburger was the size of a big mac and the I love bacon burger like the $1 bacon burger at Burger King.I hope they close soon and use this space for something better.
3	Cool and casual atmosphere. The red, black, and white interiors with grass along the wall is fun. The service was friendly and our food came out in a timely manner. My craving for poutine was unfortunately not satisfied. I was expecting the traditional Canadian dish of a mountain of cheese curds and fries smothered with brown gravy. Instead it was a slight twist on the classic with sliced mushrooms and melted mozzarella. The pickle spears tasted good at first, but quickly became too greasy.I enjoyed the taste and creativity of the Seoul burger. The blend of sriracha, avocado, fried egg, wasabi mayo, onion strings, and angus beef was yummy!If you are looking for a more affordable meal on The Strip and don't have high expectations, give I Love Burgers a try. NOTE: Last weekend when I checked in on Yelp, I received a coupon for a free order of Fried Mac-n-Cheese Nom Noms! Too bad I checked in after we already ate and could not fit anymore in our stomachs =(!
1	I rarely write a poor review, but what a disappointment. We checked into the Palazzo early and wanted to grab something to eat while we waited for our room to be ready. The girl at the front desk said the I love Burgers was now serving breakfast, so we headed on over. The restaurant was maybe 1/3 full. Not at all crowded with many empty tables, but for some reason it took them 10 minuts to find a table for our party of 4. We should have left then, but we were all tired from early am flights and we just wanted to sit down. After another 10 minute wait, this time to order, the waitress showed up. Two of us ordered coffee and the other 2 ordered $10 bloody marys. They were curious to see what a $10 bloody mary loohed like. In the description there was a promise of a piece of applewood smoked bacon in the glass. We tried to order our food at the same time, but it turns out the drinks waitress cannot take the food order, so that meant another 5 minutes waiting for the food waitress. We all ordered food and then sat for 20 minutes with neither food or drink. Incredibly, our food came before our drinks arrived. The food was ok. My husband ordered an egg white omlet and was served what was clearly not an egg white omlet, but otherwise our order was correct. I was splitting an oder of the breakfast sliders with the or woman in our party. They were good, though not warm. I suspect they were prepared for the group sitting behind us who walked out before the food came. Our drinks were finally served 10 minutes later. The two bloody marys did not come close to justifying $10 a piece. It was just bloody mary mix poured over ice- no garnishes. My husband walked over to the waitress to point out that the bacon was missing. Instead of taking the drinks away and fixing them, she brought over a plate with 2 pieces of bacon on it. She also commented that she didn't bring the olives that should have come in them and asked if we wanted them. My husband declined, but the woman in our group that ordered the drink said that she would like the olives. She got a death stare from the waitress and the olives never came. I can report that they were fast with one part of their service - the check came out within a few minutes of the food, in fact, before we were even done eating. This restaurant has a long way to go. If you are located in a Las Vegas hotel, I don't think there is ever an excuse for poor service. By the time you open up a business on the Strip, you should have all parts of your business pulled together and working correctly. AllI can say is I HATE "I Love Burgers."
3	Right of the bat staff was super friendly. We were Seated almost immediately. As I was checking in I was about to redeem the check in special when I turned around our server was already on it! Nice! My burger was cooked to perfection (medium-rare) kids cleaned their plates (rare for my kiddos) a lil unconventional with the whole burgers w/ no fries. which adds to "a bit on the pricey side"not once did I think it was dirty nor poor service. quite the opposite. I was expecting attitude because of the setting in the upscale trendy palazzo hotel. but I was met with a cheerful and casual setting. in short try it out its still a great burger even if it doesn't come a accompanied w/ fries....:-(
2	I LOVE burgers, but I don't love "I Love Burgers." I came here a couple years ago for my birthday dinner because it sounded right up my alley! So sad... The burger was dry and the bun was NOT soft and squishy. I would head over to SmashBurger on the Eastside if you are looking for a tasty bite!Good beers though.... I guess
1	Not really something to rave about, the burgers are ok what gives it the 1 star is the price. Too expensive for a burger that is average.
4	Cool place to grab a burger or a slushie from their drinks menu.They have massive burgers, and they are very flavorful. I had a margarita slushie and they do not go light with the alcohol so you really get your monies worth! The garbage fries are delicious!(yes that might sound gross but thats the name of the dish lol). They are a bit oily, but over all they are really tasty! I think this place is worth trying out. Sidenote: They have really cool shirts that say "I Love Beer" or "I Love Burgers", and sadly they didn't have my size otherwise I would have bought one!
4	What a find! By find, I mean a long, late night search for a burger from signs off the strip to a burger joint. I Love Burgers is located, which seems like miles off the strip in the Palazzo casino, behind the Venetian.  Up escalators, around malls and through casinos, we finally found I Love Burgers. The beer selection was the best I've ever seen in Vegas; Lots of craft beer and rare Samuel Adams on tap. For dinner I ordered a $17 Korean Burger loaded with fried egg and kimchi. It was totally worth the $17. Amazing.  I would suggest this place to any burger lover with a compass!
4	I'm going to call I Love Burgers one of the best finds on the strip. You have to search your way through a maze that may rival Labyrinth to find it. DAMN YOU BOWIE!Once you've walked what seems like at least 6 miles through about 4 casinos and a mall you can sit down and enjoy a hard earned craft beer and a delectable burger.I got fried pickles and the I Love Bacon burger. I do love bacon so it was the natural choice. The burger was topped with a generous amount of bacon strips and the patty itself was half ground chuck and half ground bacon. I could actually hear my heart whimpering as I ate this gift from the gods.The fried pickles were good, not great, but I've come to expect that nothing will live up to what i have in mind when I think of DFP's.If you've got a moment and feel like walking off the calories you will intake I suggest I Love Burgers. That is, if you can find it.
3	I got the double spiked The Buzz shake and it was so delicious.  It had some coffee flavored alcohol stuff in it.  The burgers were definately overpriced and I can't say it got my mouth watering.  It was good, but not my flavor.
3	Pros: not terribly expensive, coupons WIDELY available (not a great sign, frankly), never a line, nice enough service.Cons: they go a little to hard toward comfort food, so it's all belly-bomb style.Best thing I had was the kale salad.
2	Free mac and cheese if you check in! but it's not that good..the burgers were alright. nothing special, esp not for that price. garlic and parmesan fries are literally just fries with garlic and parmasan flakes on top. in and out's fries are better.. and it's about 10x cheaper. service was good though, so i guess that's a plus.
3	The Palazzo has lots of very expensive restaurants promoted by brand-name chefs (Wolfgang Puck, Emeril Lagasse, Mario Battali) but sometimes you want a less expensive, more casual, and easier alternative. My colleagues think the hamburgers here are great. I never tried them, but I tried the Kale Salad and the Mediterranean Salad and both were great. Also, the parmesan fries were delicious but share the order, it's large!
4	Can you say nom nom? The mac and cheese nom nom is so good! Ordered that along with the ultimate cheese burger, bacon and egg sliders, pultine fries and fried pickles. Everything was good esp after a night of partying hard. Burgers med rare is aays the best choice. Moist, tender and flavorful. We took advantage of the 3-6pm happy hour (half price apps, and $5 house wine which I got the white zinfindel yum). Pretty good place to just chill and relax. Our bartender/waiter at the bar, Daryll was awesome!
1	You don't want to be here.The food is OK, but the price tag is sky high. I spent $86 for three of us eating one burger and two salads along with a sweet potato fries and two drinks. If you drive 5 minutes, you can have the same meal for less than half of the price with even better quality. It used to be a good place with a reasonable price. I missed their Shoe-String fries.
1	Do NOT go here. The bartender told me the burgers are done just right with a little pink on the inside. Mine showed up charred on the outside and 100% RAW inside. At first they tried to play it off like it was supposed to be a little pink and didn't want to admit their mistake. If you're in the mood for incredibly expensive burgers, I would recommend going elsewhere.
2	Venetian is awesome because of their great rooms, their fine dining, their clubs, and their extravagant ambiance.  What they sorely lack is quality casual dining.  Grimaldi's is the only reasonable casual dining eats (outside of the food court).  Unfortunately, this restaurant is one to stay away fromBurgers are very average to below average.  Fries are average.  Fried Mac and Cheese is flavorless (but free with your yelp check in).  Prices are high for what you get .  The positives of this place are the abundant beer options, their garbage fries (chili cheese fries with cilantro and jalapeno), portion size.But if you're craving burgers, go to another hotel to get your fix.  If you want better casual eats in Venetian, then go to Grimaldi's or the food court.  But, if you're not wanting Pizza or Panda Express, then you need to get out of Venetian for your Vegas Cheap eats.
3	Good burger and dog.  Great shake.  Great service.  Fast in.   Manager checked on us.   Fries a little cold.   A bit pricey but so is rest of Vegas!
5	Great Burger Place. One of the Best in meat quality as well all ingredients. They have some crazy burgers some are good some are not. But if you stick with the basics it's a 5 Star Burger
2	What makes this place such a poor choice is all the other amazing burger joint in Vegas. We were there 5-28-13 around 9pm and sat at the bar for dinner. The self proclaimed "world's greatest fried pickles" were solid but the ranch to dip them in tasted processed, artificial, and gross. The garbage fries were a pile of ok bar fare, but nothing special. Now the kicker, THE BURGER WAS A UNSEASONED HUNK OF JUNK. It looked so tasty too, but had ZERO flavor. Bun not toasted, meat was unseasoned and had no crust, and the roasted peppers had no flavor and were cold.  Go to Bachi Burger, Burger Bar, KGB, BLT or Sin City Burgers. ALL ARE BETTER THAN THIS JOINT. So is Fat Burger, In and Out, BLT Burger and Holsteins. What I'm saying is don't eat here.
2	Fancy burger place in a fancy hotel.  Nothing special.  Very pricy.
2	Went here as part of a package that came with Rock of Ages tickets. Hard to find, far away from the Rock of Ages theatre.  VERY LOUD with suboptimal service and uncomfortable seating.  Huge ok-flavored burgers with giant piles of tasty fries, so if you are the size of a lumberjack you will be happy. The "cost" for four people with sodas was marked as $85.00.  With so many other dining choices around in the Palazzo, would skip this.
3	I Love Burgers makes a very cool burger.  The menu states the burgers are cooked medium. So I did a fake arm "stretch"  and yawn so I could peek at other customers tables and see their burgers. The lady next to me had a very pink burger, so I asked for my Baconator burger to be cooked meduim well.  When my waitress brought it to me, it was actually well done and a little dry.  But the burger was very tasty. Would i return to I Love Burgers? Probably not because I could have eaten at Bruchon (sp) a nice resturant in the Venetian for the $44 I spent at I Love Burgers.  I ordered the Baconnator and a coke. My wife ordered Sliders from the appatizer menu and a coke and it costed us $44.  My waitress was cool and very attentive. She was very touchy feely with me for some reason.
2	Our group of friends, vacationing to Las Vegas, went to this place because we wanted to find a dinner place that wasn't quite one of those places of $65+ a head, nor one of the overpriced "cheap" mediocre places, nor one of the chain places (like Chipotle or Panda) on the strip, and we were staying in the Palazzo. To start with, it took the waitress like 10-15 minutes to even get to us to take the drink order. The drinks were brought to us by a different person, so it was another 10-15 before we could even make our order. One of the people in our group ordered a chocolate shake which was brought to us so long after it was made that it was half-melted. Some of the food brought to us had also started to cool down, and they seemed to ignore my friend's order of "no cheese" on his burger. Also, one of the ways I judge service at a place is by seeing if I get to the point where it took them so long to replace my water that I need to start chewing on the ice. Like 20 minutes after I got to this point, the hostess (the one who seats you) and not the waitress finally came and refilled our waters. The burgers were, precisely as a different reviewer wrote, average. They're better than many fast food places, but not the quality I'd expect from a place that charges $12-25 for just a burger entree. Honestly, the food is one of the few things saving this place from a one star review. I am, in fact, quite full after eating there, and I did pay a relatively cheap fare for Vegas Strip food. Warning! The Parmesan Garlic fries are actually just their fries with Parmesan flakes and garlic sprinkled over them. I expected something nice, akin to the Counter in CA, where there is high quality cheese melted on and I eat them with pleasure every time. That's not what these are. To put a nice bow on the whole deal, the waitress took the 20% coupon we had from the book that came with our room and failed to ring it up at first, thus causing the person carding the bill to need to go void the transaction and have them re-ring it up. I only wish we had actually checked Yelp, since our experience seems to match others' very well.
4	Love the atmosphere and our server, Tracee was so kind and enthusiastic about the food! Our Mac and cheese nom noms were really tasty. Salmon burger and Caprese burgers were great!
5	Tracee hooked it up! Great food and service!
2	I ate at the bar area. The service was good. The staff was friendly. I even received the free mac and cheese app for checking in. Like most of the comments the burger are good but overpriced. I had the bacon burger and fries. Overall it was good but not worth $30. If I get hungry for a burger I would go to In and Out or Habit burger for a third of the price. Again, not a bad place and good service just overpriced.
3	Went here for lunch today. I got the I Love Bacon Burger. It was smaller than I anticipated, but it was tasty and filling. However, not nearly enough bacon for a burger named the I Love Bacon Burger. I also got the fried mac & cheese fries. They are definitely not fries, more like nuggets, but they were pretty fantastic. A little dry without the sauce it's served with, but with the sauce they were delightful. 1 order is enough for 2 people. All in all, not a bad burger joint.
4	I had some friends who were staying at the Palazzo so when we got the afternoon munchies we contemplated on where we should go.. We wanted something fast but not fastfoodish & so we decided on ILBs haha We shared: -fried mac and cheese nom noms ($6) came with about 7 pieces.. you really can't go wrong with this.. YUMM-Tuscan kale salad ($12) really basic salad.. just kale, cranberries, avocados & pine nuts-the standard sliders ($11) small but still tastyOverall I thought the food was about 3 stars but the service was AWESOME.. Our server Jenny was super friendly, made sure our waters were always filled and didn't give us any attitude when we asked if we could split the check.. HOP TIP: If you're going to order a milkshake get it spiked with alcohol.. this is Vegas after-all ;]]]
5	I love I love burgers.  Not because I love burgers, but because I love great atmosphere, service and good company.  Nothing compliments a meal like those attributes.  Really tho, how can you screw up an American staple? So my unit of measure would be the service of this place.  Coming here, I didn't expect the attention I did.  We were promptly seated with a warm greeting, tables were so spotless, you could eat off of them, duh.  However what was most memorable about I love burgers at the palazzo, is our waitress Jenny, by way of Minnesota.  She was charming, social, and assertive.  It's like we had a telepathic connection.  She knew when to fill my water glass, provide me more napkins, check up in me from time to time, jeez she might as well have wiped the ketchup from my lips! Highly recommend i love burgers at the palazzo, whether you're a seasoned burger veteran, or just becoming acclimated to a burger joint with 5 star quality service! Don't forget to ask for Jenny.  Cheers
5	We were at the pool all day and decided to we needed some serious greasy food to balance out all the alcohol in our stomachs.  I've eaten at the I Love Burgers at Town Square before and just thought it was okay so I didn't really want to eat here but I HAD to have a burger stat and did not want to go wandering the Strip looking for another burger place.I was actually pleasantly surprised.  It wasn't that busy so we got seated right away. I just got my normal Standard with cheddar and bacon, and my friend got the inferno burger with extra cheese.  We also got nom-noms and fried pickles and a triple chocolate shake.  Our food came out fast and it was hot and delicious.  I'm not sure what they do differently here than at Town Square, but my burger was BOMB!  It was juicy and flavorful and seemed a little bigger.  My friend loved his inferno burger!The service was really great!  Our server Jenny was really friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  I had never had the noms noms before and she highly recommended them and I was in LOVE with these.  She made sure our drinks were always filled and checked on us regularly.  I'm really glad that circumstances made us come here because we had such a great experience with the food and service.  I'll definitely stop by here again and recommend it to any friends looking for a good burger place on the Strip.
2	I love burgers, so I really wanted to love I Love Burgers.  I loved the friendly hostesses.  I loved the friendly woman working at the counter.  I didn't love the over cooked, dry burger.  I didn't love the under cooked fatty bacon they slapped on my over cooked dry burger.  So five stars for the employees, but only 2 stars for the food.
1	Don't waste your time!!  There are so many better options in the area.  We ignored the Yelp reviews and ended up regretting eating here.
5	Hamburgers....what's the big deal?? With so many burger joints in town offering "the greatest burger you've ever had", why should I Love Burgers be any different??? Well guess what? Not only are they different, but they're THE BOMB!!!  Now granted, the burger prices are a lil on the heavy side...but hey...you get what you pay for....and the burgers here are definitely worth it!!!!  Next time you're at I Love Burgers at the Palazzo, ask for JENNY as your server....she was THE BEST!!!! With such 5 star service from Jenny and delicious burgers to top it off I will definitely be coming back for seconds and thirds and so on!!!!!!
5	After one big night of drinking, burgers sounded kinda good. So I when grind at "I Love Burgers." Brah, the burgers broke the mouth. Kinda pricey but not bad. I woulda rated this place a 4 or maybe 3.5 on the burgers alone. Faka was mean! But extra points was cuz, my server Jenny was on point. She can tell we were hungry already and was right there when we was ready to order. Plus, kinda nice to be greeted with a friendly smile once you stay in your seats. So... To make a long story short, I went for burgers, would go back for service by Jenny. And, once again, FAKA MEAN!
3	This place is an example of why Vegas is shit. You can buy a burger or a hooker for the same price.Next time... I'm going for a hooker instead.
3	$20 for Burger and Fries should taste a little bit better.Not bad at all but same deal at In&Out cost $5 and taste almost the same.at least they have a good bar and beautiful waitresses.
5	After a loooong day at the pool friends and I decided we needed food and NOW! I Love Burgers sounded good so we ended up here. Our awesome server Jenny recommended the Mac and cheese nom nom's and the fried pickles and they were SOOO good! Nom nom!!! I ended up having the Caprese burger per Jenny's recommendation and it was DELISH! Caprese salad, Caprese Burger?! Yes please!!!
4	My friends and I decided to try this place because we were staying at the Palazzo.  For a gourmet burger joint, this place wasn't that bad.  It's a little pricey, but what do you expect in a casino in Las Vegas.  My burger came out pretty good.  I ordered the I love Bacon burger medium.  Sometimes I order it medium rare depending on the place, but since this was my 1st time trying, I had to get it medium.  So the bacon came out slightly crispy (the way I like it) but I wish they added another piece or two.  The burger was cooked a little more than I wanted it to be, but it was still good.  The reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 3, is because our service was really good and they have a wide variety of beer.  Jenny was our waitress and she recommended the Fried Mac & Cheese Nom Noms, which are excellent!   She was very attentive and always asked us if we needed more napkins or more drinks.  If you guys decide to come try this place, I suggest the same and order the Fried Mac & Cheese.
1	Not a fan! food was overpriced and mediocre at best! IMO go to HOLSTEIN's if you want a good burger! this was eeeehhh , even if they give you a free mac n cheese fried balls for checking in, still wouldnt go back!
2	I ordered a 17 dollar burger and asked for bacon.  When I'm paying 17 bucks I expect the order to be correct.  There was no bacon!  Where's the bacon?  Not on my burger.   Get it together people.
4	Had a hard day at work. came in staff was friendly. garlic fries on point. shakes were good . only problem was the price but hey its the strip prices so expect it !!!
4	I was a bit reluctant to try I love Burgers due to the average reviews that it's got but I decided to give it a shot anyway and I have to say that I liked it.. With a bar area, bright colours, TV screens along the wall, a combo of tables/couches and long tables/chairs; it's a cool spot to both grab a burger or hang out over drinks, depending on what you fancy when you're there. I think it's cool and I wouldn't mind returning next time. I had the standard burger w/ their natural cut fries and the burger was pretty good. The fries were ok, nothing wow but not rubbish either. Our waitress was very nice and friendly.I guess the letdown is the price however I reckon you should at least try it. You can then decide, based on your own personal experience, whether it's worth it or not...
2	Burgers and drinks were good service and appetizers were not that great .
2	The worse burgers I have ever had. I ordered a hamburger with everything on it except I asked for no onions because I am allergic to them. They brought it with the onions. Then I waited for 10 minutes for the waitress to come to my table...but she never did. Finally asked another waitress to help. She took the 1st order back and brought me another one without the onions. No flavor what so ever. Well, the original waitress never came back. I did not take another bite of the hamburger. They never apologized and they still charged my husband and I an arm and a leg. Waitress are very rude. Will never eat there again, thats for sure. I rather eat a burger at in and out or burger king....much better flavor and less expensive.
2	my bf and i were staying at the palazzo august 8-11th so we got the carnival book for free. since i love burgers was part of the deals in the book- we used the 15% coupon deal. when we first arrived the deco was pretty random- theres grass and random chalk writing on the ceilings. the service was alright nothing too spectacular and atmosphere was a lil busy. we decided to do fried mac and cheese nomnoms, garlic parm. fries, i tried the love&seoul burger and my bf had the bacon cheeseburger. since looking the reviews- the two sides were the most popular. i think out of all of that the mac and cheese nomnoms were the best. my burger was alright and was a bit dry and the fries were too overpowering with the garlic flavor. im glad we used the deal and got the discount because i wouldnt pay for the full 50 buck bill.next time im def gnna try holsteins (spell check) at cosmo. this place was a lil subpar and didnt make me go "oh yeaa! best burgers everrr!" if you guys arent staying at the palazzo or venetian to recieve the carnival book- you guys can always check in on yelp for the deal on the free nom noms.
2	I was very reluctant to try this burger place. It is extremely different. A little tasty but definitely not worth the money. This location is VERY expensive for a burger. The hotdog was better. They have great French fries though. Just be sure to see if there is a coupon somewhere before you sit down and order. Breakfast is AMAZING!
2	I went around 4pm for a salad.  It took 15 min just to get my order in and another 20 to get my salad to my table.  The restaurant was fully staffed and around 35% full.  Even if staffing was an issue, 20 min to mix dressing with arugula is ridunkulous.  I gave it an extra star because the bartender was nice enough to give me a discount for the wait.
4	Amazing burger! We did a groupon for nom noms and 2 daiquiris. The burger (the standard) was delicious. Best tasting grease in town, though not super greasy! And the staff was wonderful and it was a fun atmosphere too. Ill be back!!
5	This was the only place I checked into in Vegas on Yelp... Whoops! I had a ton of fun but this I Love Burgers place was really good! We had a groupon deal for a thing of nom noms- fried mac 'n' cheese squares and two yard-sized frozen alcohol drinks! Let me just say the nom noms were OUT OF THIS WORLD good- so filling. It even came with a side cheese. My friend and I decided to share a burger prior to coming there and I am so glad we did. We got a traditional burger with gouda cheese added. GOUDA CHEESE- it was awesome. The burger was huge and they split it on to two plates for us when they brought it out. Everyone was really nice there. Our server was new and a bit slow to get to us but the manager (male with lighter brown hair) went out of his way to make sure our needs were met. We got the mango and watermelon yard-sized drinks and they were very good. I would definitely go back in a heartbeat!
5	I absolutely loved this place! Prices were decent, drinks were delicious and the food was AMAZING!!! I would definitely come back here again!!
5	-checked in on foursquare and got free Mac &cheese nom noms!  other things we got: Parmesan frieskale salad which was sooo good!and the I love seoul which I totally recommend!! These were split between 3 people so it was just enough! Also we're in vegas and i know all us girls don't want to eat too much bc we don't want to be fat for the clubs later, so come here if you're looking for something to eat that's affordable and splitable
3	Came here for the TVs to watch football... Unfortunately it was the same game on all the TVs.  No multitasking here.  The food is decent and there is a check in offer for a free order of Mac and Cheese Nom Noms so make sure to check in on Yelp!  We shared a I love bacon burger, garlic parmesan fries, and the mac and cheese nom noms today.  We really wanted to try the loco moco burger but that is sold only in the morning for breakfast.  Sad story.Mac and cheese nom noms - mac and cheese deep fried somehow into a little cube.  Great for any mac and cheese lover.  Heavy though.Garlic parm fries - soggy and greasy in my opinion... you can skip these.I love bacon burger - great!  Loved the crispy onion in the center.  Nothing too crazy but it is a solid burger.  They even cut it for us so we didn't have to butcher it at our table.I would definitely need to come back for the loco moco burger.  The next time I am awake early enough to eat a burger I will come here.
1	Went there for lunch today. Wasn't that busy. It took forever to order out food, and it took even longer to get it. The service was so bad. Waitress forgot to bring some items and we had to keep reminding here and have us a crappy apology. Good was okay but very expensive. Overall i would not recommend this restaurant to anybody. The service was that bad!!
3	too lazy to drive anywhere else to eat, my friend and i decided to just grab a burger here. wasnt that bad, but it wasnt that great either. it was just sufficientwhat i ate:- fried mac and cheese nom noms (FREE): due to my trusty yelp app we got this appetizer for FREE! (yay for free!) this was definitely tasty, but seriously, how can you mess up deep fried cheesy stuff?? while very tasty, i couldnt bring myself to have more than two. sigh, i really should have stopped at the first piece, but i couldnt help myself, i was just too hungry. - wagyu kobe burger: tasty, but it was not worth the price! seriously, opt for one of the other burgers. don't be swayed by the idea of a having a "wagyu kobe" burger! have that at your local steakhouse where the price will be justifiable. also, without the sauce (comes on the side), the burger isnt that amazing. the sad part about it is that the truffle flavor gets overpower and drowned out by the sauce, but without the sauce the burger is pretty unremarkable. so, to keep yourself from being caught in this delimna just order something else!- dante burger: sauteed mushrooms, om nom nom. the blue cheese was the perfect pungent partner to the savory mushrooms. i loved eating this- parm garlic fries: very tasty and garlicy. the parm gave it a nice salty bite. nice size to share- bloody mary: spicy, peppery, delightful.pros:- loud fun atmosphere. very sports bar themed- large space, so plenty of room for large parties or small- dante burger was very tasty, as were the fries- there wasnt much of a wait when we strolled in at lunch time on a sunday afternoon. cons:- service: she was there, and then she wasnt. for a very long time. we ordered drinks, and boom, they were the LAST things that arrived. stranger still was that the manager (i think she was the manager) brought one drink out, and then stopped by again towards the end of the meal to ask about my drink. while she got my drink, she didnt apologize, didnt comp us, didnt say anything! also, my friend ordered a dirty martini that was supposed to come out with olives stuffed with blue cheese. when he pointed out they were just regular olives, she just sent over a ramekin of blue cheese. w t f ??? POOR SERVICE.- slow: as i said before it took damn near forever for my bloody mary to arrive, longer still for food to start arrivingwould i come again? no.
1	Came here 25 min before my lunch break was over to order Parmesan fries to go. Was given a menu very quickly and promptly told the bartender this is what I wanted so I can clock in from lunch and walk back to work asap.I didn't get my fries until 30 MIN LATER!!! What was even more insulting was that my food was sitting on the counter next to the register the ENTIRE time and the bartender didn't apologize AT ALL for not giving me my food. I saw someone from the kitchen bring out a plastic bag but I didn't assume it was mine considering I placed my order just 5 min prior. Turns out, my food was in that bag!!! When I pointed out to him how my food was sitting at the counter the entire time, he didn't care and proceeded to get me hot fries. No empathy, no concern at all for wasting my time and making me late from my lunch break! He was annoyed he had to go and fetch me hot fries, but if he had done his damn job he wouldn't have had to do that! The bartender must have thought since I'm on my phone, I won't notice the bad service! Too bad for him I noticed he wasn't very busy and was only tending to two other people on a far from overwhelmed Wednesday afternoon! If I wasn't running late for work, I would have requested to speak to a manager and get my money back as well as an apology! But unlike them, I have class and I refused to make my coworker go to lunch even later just because of me. Not getting an apology was the straw that broke the camel's back for me! More than letting my food grow cold and not giving it to me right away. The lack of apology shows me they're too proud to admit when they're wrong. Never again!
4	This place hit the spot late night. We ordered a few appetizers: the chicken fingers, the fried pickles, and the fried mac & cheese nom noms (NOM is right!). All were great, especially the fingers and noms (nobody does fried pickles like the South--spears can't hang with chips). Cheeseburger with bacon rounded it out, great meal.
4	I DEFINITELY love burgers! I had the standard burger with cheese, ultimate sauce and a side of natural cut fries. It was delicious! Check in an receive FREE Mac n cheese noms which is pretty much fried mac n cheese squares (they're a little rough on the stomach, wouldn't recommend them if you're going out later) I  burgers is a great causal dining spot, quick, easy, and tasty!
1	I've been before and the food is okay. Today however I'm reviewing the service. After seating at the bar patiently waiting for service I decided to leave after the bartender did not acknowledge my presence and went on to serve guest that arrived after me. The host at the door were no better and very unpleasant.
3	The food, location, and price deserve 4 stars in my opinion but the extremely choppy service brings it down.LocationThe location is great! It is within the palazzo which makes dining for guests really easy. The overall restaurant has a ton of room which can accommodate a good amount of people without making anyone uncomfortable.FoodI got the breakfast sliders which were delicious! The burger was cooked nicely, the bread was toasty, the egg was runny, and the aioli pulled it all together. I also tried their garlic parmesan fries which were nice. ServiceI don't even want to relive how bad the service was. Let's just say it completely ruined our experience here.Tip If you're a guest check the room for coupons!
1	Never brought the fries we ordered,  waitress finally showed up after we had finished our burgers to ask how everything was, told her we never received our order, had to ask for them removed from bill. No offer for dessert not even an apology for the mess up
3	The appetizers were ok but too pricy than plates itself .. The drinks, merp .. The staff, friendly tho ..
2	I love burgers. My bf LOVES burgers. So as a couple together, we DEFINITELY love burgers. But...I love burgers, you kinda broke my heart! You definitely didn't show me the love. I was a little disappointed and heart broken after eating here.We were staying at the Palazzo and wanted a quick lunch to help us absorb all the alcohol from the night before.  When I saw that there was a restaurant called I love burgers, you just HAVE to try it right?First off, did any of you think it was hard finding the place? The Palazzo Hotel is seriously sometimes super hard to navigate around.  For some reason, I always have a hard time finding my way back to my room.  Everything looks so all the effing same that I can't tell the difference between being in the Palazzo hotel or Venetian. Finally after some time finding the place, we got seated for our lunch.  The BF ordered the Inferno and I ordered the Seoul.  I'm Korean so maybe it was a mistake ordering a "Korean" burger at a random joint but the burger was not very good.  The kimchi kinda tasted funny that the mix of sriracha and kimchi tasted off. The BFs Inferno wasn't that much better either.  He was expecting his burger to be spicy but even I thought it wasn't spicy enough.There are definitely better burger joints in the Vegas strip.  Disappointingly enough, I love burgers just doesn't make the cut.
5	So I have lived in vegas my whole life and really think the waiters have become bland...Well Not at I LOVE BURGERS!!!!!!!!!  I had a server named krys and she was amazing! Very friendly and had such a caring attitude, she was patient with me because I'm so indecisive and was very knowledgeable! She helped me enjoy the service you should get when out dinning in vegas! Will be back because of her!
4	I was looking to grab a quick bite when working a trade show at the Sands Convention Center. Usually I visit the "food court" but this time I wanted something that offered a bit more flavor. This place served both needs - it got me and out (within 30 minutes) and served me up one good burger with some tatter tots on the side  Of course on my way out I got the triple dark chocolate shake which definitely helped me get through the rest of the day.
4	The food is pretty good but the server we had was kind of slow and didn't understand the concept of "splitting the check". We had such a hard time communicating with her and trying to tell her we want our checks split because we're all paying with a card.
4	I Love Burgers is a great little place in the Palazzo shops.  As a burger fan in Los Angeles I was happy to find out there was a burger joint in the Palazzo where we were staying.  so my sister and her friend decided to join me to try this place out.The restaurant itself is modern looking and has a full bar.  It does feel like a restaurant in a shopping center, but with a little more class.  The staff is very friendly from the greeter to the table servers.  No problems with customer service here.The sides were great.  I love the Mac & Cheese Nom Noms, which are 8 pieces of fried and breaded mac & cheese.  The jalapeno cheese dipping sauce made them much more enjoyable.  The parmesan fries were awesome as well.I opted for the BBQ burger, which has a quality beef patty, onion rings, bacon and lettuce/tomato.  The addition of the lettuce and tomato was a pleasant addition, as most BBQ bacon burgers usually do not have the these.  The burger was juicy, flavorful and was of great quality.  I enjoyed every bite.I Love Burgers was an excellent overall experience.  They are a great example of delivering quality food with quality customer service.  I would definitely come here again.
1	Service was soooo slow! Waited about 30 mins for burgers? Burger was bland. Sure everything in Vegas is pricey so $17 for burger is ok but not when it doesn't have much flavor and such a small one. Mac n cheese nom nom... Not good. The Mac n cheese taste like from a cafeteria where they don't even use real cheese. Good: tater tots was crispy.
2	The place is nice for a low key (definitely not upscale) restaurant. The bartender was rude and didn't know anything about the beers on tap. The Wagyu Kobe was $25 and the driest bland burger ever. The heart and soul burger ($17) was very good and flavorful however I asked for no egg and in return they left off 2 additional ingredients. Should have looked at the reviews before going. Expensive for not the best overall quality.
3	Came here just for a quick bite to eat. This I Love Burgers is located in the Palazzo Shops, just a few steps away from our hotel elevator at the Palazzo. As soon as we stepped in, the hostess seated us right away but it took the server longer that it should to come over and acknowledge us. I almost got up to leave when she came. While she was pleasant and we didn't wait to long to get our food, wait service wasn't a priority with her since she purposely hid behind the pillars to gab with staff.Why I say she did this on purpose?? I was wondering where she was a good five minutes. Mr. B needed a drink refill. I saw her then step out from behind a white pillar at the back of the restaurant  I was about to catch her attention when she jumped back behind the white pillar and kept talking to her co worker. lol...jeez!   I guess her conversation was more important.  The Angus burger sliders and  Mac and Cheese Nom Noms were good. Portion wise just right and prices were your tourist trap prices. I expected that. Just didn't expect inattentive service. So our dining experience for this visit was A-Okay.
2	I got the Oregon Trail and Tater Tots.  Not impressed.  Flavorless Bison Burger.  Mushy Bun.  Overwhelmed by the garlic in the aioli.  And expensive.  Not worth the money or time.
4	Great Service! The heart and soul burger! Yum yum yum! Siracha infused beef, avocado, sunny side up egg, Kimchee! I exnayed on kimchee but it was still amazing! Yummy Fresh shakes! Strawberry yum! We were in a rush and they catered to our needs! Def coming back! I wonder if they have happy hour?
5	Great food, great employees! Tanya the bartender is amazing at her craft and fun to boot! Birthday daiquiri machine shots are awesome!
4	Caprese Burger....sooooooo good!!!Great place to go, affordable too. Great portions, great service, even during a lunch rush during CES. Fried pickles were better than expected.
3	We ordered a black bean burger, fried Mac n cheese, grilled cheese and cheese fries. Everything was okay but the fried Mac n cheese was the best part.
4	Tons of great food here for sure. They have wonderful staff, nice and friendly, while being fast and accurate. The food was really good as my burger was cooked exactly how I like it. I had a pretty good experience overall and a good meal.
4	We came here with a group of friends this last weekend. For folks first time here, from the parking garage go to the shops floor instead of the casino, its near the rare book store. We got seated right away and ordered a round of waters to start. My friend and I each got a burger and split it, was tasty and good, but I want to write about the fries, the garbage fries were very tasty and worth splitting. The other fries were not that good :)
4	Nice, casual vibe! Our burgers were great! The meat was perfect. Yum! Food came out quick but wasn't hot when it got to the table but they were very busy. Our server Jenny wasn't the best, seemed she was mad to be there. Prices very reasonable for the good they prepare. I love I love burgers!!!
2	I've often wondered what distinguishes a $7 burger from a $20 burger. This place makes me think there isn't much difference. In comparison to some build your own burger places like "the Counter", the menu here is pretty limited. Also for a place that proposes to "I-heart-burgers", the menu is surprisingly limited in burgers. Located in the Venitian shops, this place looks like a fancy Johnny Rockets. Burger, fries, and a Pepsi for $30!! Seriously?? Food was decent, but not particularly memorable. Beef was good quality and done as ordered. Bacon slightly undercooked and quite fatty. Asked for an egg over-easy, and it was pretty under done. Fries = decent, but nothing that sets then apart. Service = okOverall not worth the price. The food and cafeteria style setting do not justify the price.  Won't recommend or go back.
4	It was good, I got a chicken burger but it was a little tough for me, not very tender. It still tasted good though. Sweet potato fries were great, and it looked like they could make you any drink you could imagine. Very good alcohol selection. Fun atmosphere and our sever was nice.
4	Ate here last night on our way to see the Panda! show.  The burger was excellent.  We split the LOVE & Seoul burger... it was great.  Actually super yummy!  My problem and the reason for the missing star was the PRICE... $17 and you do not get a side... well, unless you consider a quarter of a pickle a side.  We also ordered the garbage fries to accompany the burger... they were okay... I just don't think I liked the chili on them.  I am sure a chili lover would love them.  The kids meals seem to provide enough food and were priced around $7 which included a side and drink so that was pretty reasonable.  I am not sure I would spend that much for a burger again but I did enjoy it!
3	This place is easy, it is large so there will probably be seating and the menu is straight-forward. But I do agree with the other reviewers that there isn't really anything special about the food and therefore isn't worth the price. I truly think you  get a better quality meal at the quarter of the price by going to in and out burger or something. This is the type of place you probably won't be coming back to but it gets the job done if you are nearby and hungry.
1	My husband and I went to go try this place yesterday. We are not picky people at all because we both have worked in the food industry and know how it is. Well this place was probably the worst place I've eaten a burger at. We got seated right away, I ordered a bbq burger well done , my husband ordered the double all American burger medium well and we shared garbage fries. We told the waiter if they can bring the garbage fries with the burgers. Well they brought the fries first as the appitizer, which was not what we wanted but it was.no big deal we understand things happen. Well after our "appitizer" we waited for over an hour for our burgers, we had really thought they had forgotten our burgers.so this is about 1 1/2 just for two burgers and fries that we have waited for. After they brought the burgers I bite into mine, blood came running out , the burger was medium rare and I could not eat it because I am pregnant which is why I ordered mine well done. So after waiting for an 1 1/2 I had to wait an additional 20 min just to get my order. Now the second time they brought my burger it was.cooked correctly but had no bbq. I didn't send it back, just ate it bc that wasn't a big deal to me even thou I ordered a bbq burger. So it's not almost 2 hours just for burgers . They brought out check and my husband saw they had charged us a for a "refire" which was the burger they had to redo since THEY did it wrong in the first place. We were really pissed off at this time so we asked to speak to the manager who told us he had forgotten to take off the charge. He kindly took it off, but it was ridiculous to even see they charge us for a mistake they made. So service sucks! It's the widest I've ever seen.The taste of the burgers are ok if you get passed the grease very grease  burger part. Burger king burger has less grease then a burger from this jointThe only.good thing was the garbage fries were really good.Overall this place sucks!! I rather had spend my money on burger king then this place.  So many people were just looking around wondering how long it is to get their burger. It took us well over 2 hours just to get served two burgers and fries. Worest experience ever. I reccommend paying a little more and eating great burgers and fries at the gorden Ramsey burger restaurant in las Vegas.
5	Tried the breakfast at I Love Burgers at the Shoppes at the Palazzo.  This place is open at 8 a.m. for breakfast. I Love Burgers uses the American burger in so many ways!  For Breakfast, we ordered I Love Loco Moco - a Hawaiian breakfast of steam rice with a juicy Angus Burger, a sunny side egg on top of the burger, side of kimchi and brown gravy.  Yup!  I kid you not!  Rice for brekkie - why not?!?  It was quite good, according to my mum.  We also ordered the On The Border - which is a Mexican skillet dish served with chunky potaotes, jalapeno peppers,  Angus Burger, 2 sunny-side eggs, a warm tortillia with sour cream and salsa.  Very tasty and very filling!  The other really good item we ordered is the Heart and Seoul - Korean take on brekkie - fried rice, Angus burger, 3 sunny-side eggs, side of kimchi and fried onion strings.  Really, really god and also, very filling!  Next time, we will try their burgers at lunch/dinner.
4	The burgers were nice and fresh... decent price... fries were very good (garlic parmesan)... onion rings were overpriced for 8 pieces but are good... the server Dee Dee was great and friendly... the overall experience and  atmosphere was great... The amount of Tv's is cool and they have a full bar....
3	Everytime i go to Vegas i catch myself coming to I Love Burger.  Part of the reason is due to the fact that i always stay at Palazzo and the other part is because of their  Happy hour and their Bacon Bloody Mary which seems to cure my hangover from the party the day/night before.Location:  ILB is located on the 2nd floor where all the stores are.  It is extremely hard to find and feels like a maze due to every turn looking the same.  I would highly recommend asking someone it is at.  Till this day i still get lost looking for it.Food:  The burgers are good...nothing special or amazing for it.  Price is a little steep but your in vegas...everything is going to be on the high side.  The size of the burgers are pretty decent as it will fill u up.  The garbage fries which consist of cheese, chili, jalepeno etc was decent the first time i tried it but since then i opt for the parmesan garlic cheese fries which is really good if you like garlic and cheese.Drinks:  The thing i love most about this place is their happy hour.  However, you have to be at the bar to get this pricing.  The drinks are strong and very good.  The blood mary is a must get as a breakfast drink if you have a hangover and know ull be partying later that day.
2	So disappointing for the price. I would pick the Habit fast food restaurant or even Carls jr over this place. If it wasn't as expensive I would say it's bearable. Trust me you can do better than this place for the money.
4	We were in town for the ConExpo 2014 with our Italian coworkers who wanted to see the Grand Canal at The Venetian and of course have an American burger.  After a bit of wandering, we ended up at I Love Burgers in The Palazzo.The service was so so for it not being too crowded.  (It probably didn't help the guys from Italy needed some help with the menu although we successfully introduced them to tater tots and sweet potato fries!  Both are very good by the way.)Also, if you're getting a draft beer, two 16 ouncers is cheaper than one 32 ouncer.  Leave it to Vegas to throw economies of scale out the window.  I got the Oregon Trail which is a buffalo burger on wheat.  Great tasting, but the patty is disappointingly SMALL.
5	Amazing!! Amazing!! Amazing!! Enjoyed the bacon sliders with a quail egg. Holy canoli were these delicious. Seriously, my favorite burger ever. They were moist, messy, juicy, and will be consumed again.
5	Food was good and the service was great!Mac n cheese and 2 I love bacon with egg and avocado.
2	Atmosphere is obnoxiously loud and bright with the overhead lights and the blaring TVs. Burgers were good, but nothing about makes them stand out amongst all the $$$ burger joints. Service was slow.
3	I love burgers serves a great burger but the prices are astronomical and the service is hit and miss.  Staying at the Palazzo, the family and I wanted to grab a quick burger before catching a show. Being pretty much in the hotel "I love burgers" seemed a great place to try.  When we were seated by the hostess we were put in a group of tables that we didn't like (and didn't ask for).  When we asked to move, we were told that the other sections were shut down until later.  After seeing that another group of patrons were sat where we requested, we asked our server and were moved (strange). Things started well with a friendly waitress that explained the menu... So we ordered a few burgers and the"Garbage Fries".  We received our food fairly quickly and then were left to eat.....for a really long time. Having a few issues with my plate (burger undercooked - raw in the middle and a dried out pickle), I waited patiently for my waitress to return.  After waiting 15 min. and watching my family finish half if their meal, I called out to another passing employee to send my server over.  My server came and with measured contempt listened to me and then... without a word took my plate and left (really strange).  She did return relatively soon with a replacement and everything was made right but it was a weird vibe (like she was barely tolerating me). Honestly, I was really trying to be nice about it.  The problem is this. When you charge $17 for a burger it better be perfect. Although the food was very good, I think I just had a bad experience. My family seemed to really like the food so almost everyone was happy.  Then came the bill....  3 Burgers and one shared order of fries... $78.00. No joke. With tip that makes a quick lunch for 3 here almost $100. Just too expensive for the product. The food is pretty good but, the odd service issues and the astronomical prices make it a poor value. Sorry, but 3 stars is all I can give. I gave the rest at the register!!
3	Great breakfast Bloody Mary at excellent price along with real breakfast combos! Our server Julie was fabulous! Only problem is they can't get eggs over medium right! 2nd try and they keep coming back runny.
3	A group of us stayed at the Palazzo for a trade show and saw these awesome pictures of burgers from this place.  After being at a trade show for 3 days, I was hankering for some white rice.  They have Loco Moco!! YAY!  The Poutine fries, Garbage fries, and fried Mac and Cheese were gooood.  The fried mac and cheese are these bits of fried squares of creamy goodness.  Also had the fried pickles.  Wasn't to excited about these.  They sliced the pickles lengthwise and the batter was greasy and not much flavor.  My co-workers like their burgers.  There were 6 of us so I don't remember what they ordered.  I got the Loco Moco and was disappointed.  I ordered it medium rare.  The burger was cooked on too high of heat too fast cause the edges were hard and dry and only a tiny piece was medium rare.  The rice... there bunch of crunchy pieces... yah.... hard rice... not good....  My coworker had the red velvet cheese cake.  There was the crust,  then there is a layer of red velvet cake and then cheese cake on top.  He really liked it.  I got the banana fosters cheese cake.  Is it worth the calories?  Only if there wasn't an ice cream place around. 1 star for the fried mac and cheese1 star for the server who was quick and efficient (he knew we had to catch a flight)1 star for the Poutine and Garbage fries
4	Forget all those burger places overlooking the Strip, this burger place, hidden in a corner of the Palazzo shops has excellent burgers, not very cheap but of excellent quality. My favorite was the "Dante", made of delicious Angus beef, blue cheese, caramelized onions and roasted garlic alioli; super tasty! And the fact that they had 2-for-1 cocktails if you were seating at the bar was also appreciated.Service was corteous but on the slow side, we were seating at the bar and the place was almost empty, still we had already finished our drinks before the burgers came.
2	I ordered Dante burger and parmesan fries. For a joint called "I love Burgers" I felt that the name of the place spoke more than the burger ever could. Bobby's Burger Palace definitely has a better blue cheese burger than here.
4	Visited I love burgers in March with a coupon.   Service was impeccable.  Prices are high.  Shakes are excellent (alcoholic shakes available)...we stuck to vanilla and chocolate...burger was phenomenal.  The I love bacon burger was delicious...brisket and beef patty with applewood bacon.  We also ordered tater tots and the fried pickles.  No complaints.  Too much food!  We came back the next day for breakfast--discount with your receipt!  Nice surprise.  Breakfast was reasonable and filling.  Had a breakfast sandwich and piping hot coffee.  If you are in the Palazzo or Venetian...gives this place a try.
5	My friend and I were passing by and the smell was amazing just from the outside. We went in and the staff was really friendly m it was very clean and they have a bar on the other side of the dining room. Outside patio area as well. The bartender was great and the drinks were affordable and good. I had the Oregon trial burger. It's a buffalo burger. AMAZING. ... would definitely go back again when in in town.
2	Burger was too rare for "medium". Very mediocre food. The bartender argued about it being rare. She was slow in taking my drink order
2	I work in the area and have been here a few times. First time was amazing. Every other time after that, the service has been horrible. Food quality has been horrible. I'm not going back. Having a crap experience on your lunch break just STINKS! Especially when you order a chicken Caesar salad and it takes longer than a well done burger and the bartender tries to defend the wait.
4	The garbage fries! THE GARBAGE FRIES!!!! With extra Jalapenos. That hit the spot after walking around for a bit. I would suggest getting the souvenir cup because you can bring it back and get a discount on your next beer. At least that is what the deal was when I was there. It's always a good deal to get a discount on beer!I came back about three times during my weekend stay. They have a variety of burgers but I only tried the bbq burger with the fried mac n cheese. The burger was cook really well. I asked for well done and that was how it was cooked. I did not even have to add ketchup.  The fried mac n cheese was delectable but could have been crunchier. Service at the bar was great.
1	This was a very disappointing burger place. I love a good burger andbthis placebdid not orovide that. My burger had absolutely no flavor; seriously McDonald's has better tasting options.  The fries very good and so was the spiked milkshake. But I came here for a great burger and left unsatisfied.
5	Amazing Burgers!!! I got the Caprese and my Husband got Kobe, both were amazing!
3	Had the Dante burger and regular fries. Good burger and fries. A cut above most but nothing overly exceptional. Additional pluses - they sever alcohol (they are after all in Vegas) and the service was good. Set your expectations for a good burger with good service in a nice setting and you will have a very enjoyable experience. And the price is reasonable for Vegas.
1	I am very surprised that this place got three star rate. I do not like to write bad review but I simply want to warn people. If you see your burger send it back to cook more.  I stayed at Palazzo during new year, and decided to try this burger place for quick lunch. Great service, and we thought we found a good spot.My husband ordered his burger medium, but came out, it was rare. He usually never eat rare meat, but for the price that they charge we expected good quality meat, so he didn't send the dish back.Next day, he got bad diarrhea for several hours, by 2pm he was suffering with high fever and pain in stomach. I had to take him to urgent care. Later that day, I went to talk to the restaurant manager but he didn't really helped me and just handed me corporate manager's number and email. He actually said something like, it's in Vegas during the New Years, and my husband was possibly hungover!He was so ill, so we had to extend one more day and I drove us back 2days later. As soon as we got back, then I got sick.I had been contacting with the manager but since I paid my bill with cash and didn't keep my receipt they basically said I have no proof, and eventually they stop replying me. I didn't want to waste anymore time, so I stop contacting them. I was not expecting anything for return.Simply I wanted them know that I was very disappointed how we were treated.
2	The only reason I'm giving this a 2 stars is because of their delicious salmon burger. Other than that, the service sucked, portions were extremely small, a 15$ salad only included lettuce, cucumbers and shredded carrots. The fries ordered were soggy and also small portion. Overall very disappointed.
1	Don't waste your time or money! Server had to many tables and no help from any co workers. Mangers can't seemed to know when to step in and help. Burgers did not taste fresh at all. The prices are way to high!!
1	I went to I Love Burgers last night with a group of people, and I have to say that the service and food were not worth the $92 that dinner cost for five people (one of which ordered off the child's menu).Amongst the four of us who got burgers, I ended up getting the most expensive at $17. Granted, it was a fairly decent burger, but all of us agreed that Carl's Junior or In n Out would make a better burger, cheaper.If it's specialty burgers you're looking for and money is no object, by all means. Just be prepared for slow, inattentive servers and a sense that you didn't get enough value for your money.
3	When you need a quick burger and a beer - this is the joint.  Flavorful, relatively inexpensive by Las Vegas standards and close to the rooms.   Go.
4	The staff is much better! The food is served in an appropriate time. I'm glad that I have it another shot.
3	Stopped to have burgers with family.  Burger is pretty good.  Pricey for a burger, wasn't worth the $$, especially to not have fries.  Service was average.  Not very attentive.   Too many tables for the waitress.  Food came out quick and was hot.  Probably would eat again with a coupon. With great service and better value, would be 4 stars.
4	I would fly to I Love Burgers just for breakfast, like right now. I am in deep love with their burger/rice/egg/gravy sauce breakfast option. Throw in your favorite hot spice - Tabasco or Cayenne pepper, and you are good to go. I've tried to replicate this dish at home and cannot do it. There's something in their gravy sauce that just can't be copied. I haven't Googled them to see if there's another location, but as far as I know, this is the only place to get the BEST burger for breakfast. I dream of returning to this and another place (yet to be reviewed by me) that serves another divine breakfast dish. Can you tell I'm a breakfast fan? It's a problem.Service was good both times hubby and I went, and the location (at the Pallazo) couldn't be beat.
3	Yes the burgers were better than average but when we received our bill of nearly $100, I quickly thought it was not that good.... My daughter's milk was not part of the kids meal drink, only a soft drink... yet they gave her a milk in a kid's cup and still charged me for a regular milk. Definitely overpriced....
4	My boyfriend and I were walking the strip going hotel to hotel.  We wondered upon I Love Burgers as we browsed the shops at the Palazzo.  I remember a friend telling me about the Garbage fries that she had there previously and we decided to try it.It seemed busy, but we were seated quickly.  Travis was our server and he was awesome!  He asked if we had ever been there and when we said no, he explained the menu to us and told us about the specials and made recommendations.  We chose one of the specials and of course had to have the famous Garbage fries.  The food came out fairly quickly and the waiter was always attentive to our drinks, which I liked a lot!  Food was great.  Service was great!  Definitely would go again.  Travis was by far one of the best servers we had while on our trip.
5	Rolled in here at 10:26am with 10 girls for Bachelorette party breakfast, and the host told us they were no longer serving breakfast! Checked their menu, and it said "Breakfast until 10:30am." So we asked the host to ask the kitchen staff if they would still do breakfast for us since it was a special occasion, and they said Yes!Tall Glasses of water came out right as we were seatedFresh Orange Juice - not too sweet or pulpy, and tasted like real orangesHot Tea came with a choice from a variety that they had in stockCoffee was piping hot and strongBloody Mary came out delicious with a piece of fried bacon instead of celeryLoco Moco - Hawaiian style cooked to order burger patty with gravy over a bed of rice, came with a side of kimchee - served in a skillet -- SPOT ON, yummy! even better with some extra srirachaHeart and Seoul - Sriracha angus beef patty cooked to order over a bed of fried rice, came with a side of kimchee - served in a skillet -- REALLY GOODWagyu Kobe - Beef patty cooked to order on a bed of spinach, garnished with fried onions, crispy tater tots, salty fried prociutto, and a side of kimchee -- Good, but not thrillingManager came out to greet us. All the food came out at the same time. Everyone pretty much finished their plate. Bill was around $16 a person.Would definitely recommend this as a great place for breakfast or lunch or dinner.
3	Solid burger joints are always a plus for me. The burgers here were very good and I felt the portion was just right. They have interesting burger toppings and a variation of fries and shakes. And yes, you can get them "spiked". Also the service was great. Check it out next time you're at the Venetian/Palazzo.
5	Burger in the Loco Moco dish was really good. Server & ambiance was good. Watched FIFA World Cup and had breakfast
5	When my wife and I walked in, we looked around and viewed a site that made our eyes perk and our mouths water. Designed in a mode that is cool, eclectic, and visual--you are taken on a quick pace to your table.  Once seated, the menu challenge begins.  I say that because of its diversity and taking the time to decide what you really want to order.Scanning the menu--we both made our own decisions on what to try.  My wife ordered the Heart and Seoul Burger.  It is laden with a variety of items (avocado, kimchi, onion strings, a farm fresh fried egg, and furikake-wasabi-mayo) with its ground Angus marinated in Sriracha and soy sauces.  I, always having a traditional burger desire, received their Standard Angus Burger which had lettuce, tomato, onion, and Louie sauce.  Both burgers had brioche buns with the name "I Love Burgers" implanted in them.  Having been to Vancouver, and enjoyed them, we asked for Poutine Fries.  These are a delight within their own.  Golden french fries covered with brown gravy, mushrooms, and carmelized onions could have been a meal unto itself (we asked them to leave the cheese off since I am lactose intolerant).For dessert, we had a piece of lavish chocolate fudge cake that ended our meal on a high sumptuous peak!!Summary:  The burgers were truly a pure delight!!  My wife never once stopped eating hers and enjoyed every element of it.  Mine was one that could always be used to show how a traditional American hamburger should be cooked and created. I want to compliment their manager, Mark, for coming to check and see how things were going and our waitress, Ashley, who made sure everything was in place.As a burger buff, I can say, if you love burgers, you will love "I Love Burgers." The food, quality, service, and environment makes this a stop you will always want to hang out at when heading to Vegas (unlike gambling--every dollar you spend here guarantees to make you a culinary winner!!)
5	We started two of our days here and were blown away.....the Bloody Mary with bacon was terrific.  I had the heart and soul and then a Mexican dish.....both were great tons of flavor in both although the edge goes to the hear and soul.The wife had the Greek yogurt parfait and a Hawaiian dish and was unable to finish either....def would plan on coming back.I loved the fact the manager/ owner was walkin around at 8:00am to see if everyone was enjoying themselves
4	I had probably one of the better burgers I've had in my life here!We stayed at the Palazzo and thoroughly enjoyed our stay, what a great location!  But, little did we know, inside the indoor mall here was I love burgers!I can't remember the name of the one I got, but it was the one with Pepperjack, jalapenos and a srichra mayo!  It was sooooo juicy and absolutely delicious after a night of all the terrible things a person does to themselves during their trips to vegas!The french fries were also very very good!My husband had a traditional burger and he was also impressed.So drag your drunk ass out of bed, or not if your still out, and get a burger so the greasy goodness can heal your soul from all the sin you committed while in Vegas :)
4	I think this restaurant deserves more than 3 stars. My girlfriend and I did the groupon and saved 10 dollar on our bill.Food was pretty good; will admit that the Strip pricing was a little hard to swallow, but the quality of service was great.I will be going back.
4	We were staying at the Palazzo and were looking for a quick meal.  I Love Burgers was inside our hotel so it fit the bill.  I was a bit wary about trying this place because of the reviews here.  But after actually having a meal here I can honestly say I don't know why this place doesn't have more stars.I had a standard cheeseburger and it was yummy.  It was cooked well done the way I like it without being dry or charred.  The toppings were fresh and I LOVED the tater tots.  Service was excellent.  I believe our servers names was Leon but it's been a few days so I'm not sure.  He kept our drinks filled and was on top of all of our needs.  The food runner (a young woman with blonde hair) was also great and helped with any extra items we might need.  I really enjoyed my meal and would definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting a good burger and fries meal.
2	I've worked in the service industry for several years when I was younger. I know how simple it is to give quality service to your guests. Let's just say that's not what we received here. Service was very slow. It seemed like the restaurant was well staffed but the majority of the servers were dancing around and joking by the kitchen instead of paying good attention to all the guests. The restaurant wasn't busy at all while we were there but the food took FOREVER and wasn't hot. The burgers flavor was pretty good but our Caesar salad was terrible. All you could taste was the crazy amount of Parmesan they put on it. We also ordered the garlic parm fries which had no garlic in sight. I do have to admit the fried pickles were AMAZING. The floors were really dirty. Took so long to get the check. Basically didn't feel like our business was valued at all. I'm going to try Guy Burger grill on the strip next time were in town. Won't be back.
3	Server forgot my side salad and the avocados on my burger that I asked for. Flavor is lacking. My two friends asked for medium cooked meat and one got medium rare and the other one got well done. Only leaving two stars because our server was nice and I feel like he tried his best.Update: increased it to three stars because our server gave us a discount and he didn't need to do that but he did so great job on the customer service.
3	I had the I (heart) bacon burger. I ordered it medium and it came well done. It was just OK quality. Also overpriced. You would get a better burger for less at a diner.
1	Error
3	This place is okay for burgers, I wasn't given the option to have my meat cooked medium rare so that was a bummer thinking I was eating a previously frozen patty. The truffle fries were a little boring. The strawberry milkshake was okay as well. Probably won't go back but if you're starving it's there and okay. Just don't go in with high expectations.
4	My husband had breakfast Hawaian burger, cool, unique different.  I had a milkshake and toast (a bit hungover).  Cool atmosphere and good service (although a little slow when we first arrived to be waited on).
5	My husband and I ordered the I love Seoul burger - amazing. I had mine on rice vs the bun and that was incredible.Oreo Shake - amazingMac and cheese nom noms - good (although I'm biased towards any other Mac and cheese that's not Kraft).Service was good. Food took a little while to come out but we were in no hurry!
4	My kids and I had arrived after a long trek from the Bay to Vegas. We probably should have stayed at our hotel and eaten, instead of wandering out. But regardless, we ended up at the Palazzo. My kids couldn't go any farther and they had stopped right in front of this restaurant. I looked at the menu and decided that we should eat there. It was probably around 8:30 on a Wednesday night. We were seated right away. The waiter came over within a couple of minutes and took our drink order. I was so tired and hungry, I couldn't decide on what to eat. I asked him what the most popular item was on their menu and he said it was their bacon burger. I LOVE me some bacon, but I just wasn't in the mood for it. I actually ended up ordering the parmesan sliders, they sounded so good! My girls ordered the kids chicken strips and french fries. They kids meals come with a soft drink. The sliders were $11 and the kids meals were $7 each. Not a bad price for dinner at The Palazzo. The parmesan sliders were really good! It was breaded chicken with cheese. Good flavor and filled me up. I didn't order any sides, but I stole a couple of my kids fries because they said they were good...and they were! Another restaurant checked off the list in Vegas, 1,000 more to go.
4	Burgers were good. Service was great. Prices were HIGH even for Vegas. $70 for 2 burgers and 2 draft beers amd one order of poutine fries seemed really high. Food and service were excellent though. Better burgers available for less in my opinion.
1	Awh. My meal here was $27 and I got a hamburger and fries and a pop. My friend and I could not agree on a place to eat, and by this time on our trip, tensions were running high between us. We compromised on I  Burgers.This was in the Palazzo, where we were doing some high end shopping and browsing. I eat hamburger and fries a lot, and I was unimpressed by this high end place. I love going out to eat at nice places and am willing to spend the money, but this to me was not better quality than a Mcdonalds. (Which I hate)I wouldn't come here again. I understand that it is in the Palazzo, but I still don't see why the prices were so high. It was just a hamburger and fries to me, but my friend did get a nice Tshirt here that brightened up the journey.
5	i've been here a few times and my family and I absolutely love it! the staff is really funny and nice! and the food is great!! whenever we're in vegas, this is our go-to place! i definitely recommend it! :)
4	Spiked milkshakes and deep fried pickles..AMAZING! Burgers are sooooo good :)
4	This place is excellent. Easily top 5 burgers I've ever had.Go.
4	My daughter and I were at The Venetian to view the DaVinci Exhibit, and decided to walk around the Shoppes (we live in Henderson).  After some window shopping and enjoying the exhibit, we were hungry.  She is 7 so many of the restaurants in this area are too high end so lucky us to stumble across I Love Burgers.  I do love burgers, but neither of us were in the mood, so she ordered Soup of the Day (which was delicious), and I ordered the Spicy Dog.  Both of us enjoyed the meal and our server was FANTASTIC (dang, I knew her name but it escapes me now).  Prices are not outrageous, especially for the Strip.  We will return!
3	I like their daring, different types of specialty meats and cheeses...THIS IS NO STEAK N SHAKE!  That being said their pricing could use a little work.  The fare did not justify a $30/burger bill, however, location, location location!  It may have something to do with the fact that it's located in the heart of the Palazzo.
4	Went here on a whim after discovering Tacos El Gordo was packed out. The man went from adobada to Angus in a heartbeat. Located on the 3rd level of the Palazzo, it took a bit of hiking to get to from self parking, but a lovely casino employee pointed us in the right direction. The restaurant is open concept, even at almost 11 pm, they still had a lot of cooks on the line doing their magic to feed the late night crowd of Fourth of July out-of-towners. My man ordered the BBQ burger, medium, I got the Caprese burger, medium rare, and we split garbage fries. My burger was perfect, warm and still a little bloody and very juicy! The Italian spin was outstanding with the basil, mozzarella and tomato. The bun broke up on me, but that's what happens when you order medium rare.  It was still quite nice and tasty! The man said his burger was good...I should have batted my eyes at him for a bite so I could review it on flavor, but it looked yummy as well! The fries were alright, but I think I would have enjoyed plain ones more considering the burger I ordered. It was a bit much. Overall, it was good and I'd go back.
3	Went in the morning before the start of a show. Had the egg and bacon sliders. Stuff was actually really good with added quail eggs. Unfortunately, the staff could have given less of a damn and stood around talking to one another to get us silverware and other stuff sorta needed to make a meal happen. Terribad service also screwed up two orders by delivering literally the entirely wrong offering to two in my party. I at least had good to go service :/. I love burgers. This place might...but their service said otherwise.
1	WARNING! KEEP YOUR RECEIPTS AND CHECK YOUR CREDIT CARD STATEMENTS. I got charged 86 dollars when I only signed for 17. I called and the manager was able to fix it for me. But something like this should not have happened in the first place.
4	I Love Burgers isn't exceptional by any means, but I do like its portion size and price ratio. I stopped by for breakfast, and shared the sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich and the French toast combo with the mister. The breakfast sandwich was good--the brioche bun definitely took it up a notch, but the egg seemed artificial to me in its folded-sheet style. The side of hashbrowns was okay.The French toast combo was enormous, consisting of one dish of four slices of French toast and another dish of eggs, bacon, and more hashbrowns, if I remember correctly. Again, it wasn't exceptional by any means (except maybe size), but it certainly did the job in filling us up for most of the drive back to LA.Prices aren't bad for the location and convenience, and service was alright.
5	We popped in here while waiting our time for the gondolas.  We hit their happy hour which is key in Vegas.  They had the best beer batter fried pickles I've ever had!! Their mozzarella sticks where like slices of bread they were so big. They also were great and gave a to go cup for our beers.
2	Ordered the Kobe burger cooked medium. Got additional Bleu cheese and mushrooms. Waitress came to tell me there was no more kobe and that she could get Angus in it's place. I said that was fine. The burger came out sloppy. Did not receive my  addictional Bleu cheese. The patty was a lot smaller than what everyone else at my table had. Burger was cooked well done and was quite dry. I still had to pay the full price of the kobe meat and the missing bleu cheese.
4	MUST try fried pickles!!!!   My hubby who never liked pickles couldn't stop eating the fried pickles.  Kobe burger was awesome too
2	Service good, food not so much. Fried Mac n cheese not cheesy, garbage fries not good and burgers were eh. We thought the Caramel Corn shake was weird. It had pieces of mashed up corn, caramel syrup topped with caramel dipped popcorn.
5	OMGoodness I have been coming here to Palazzo & 1st time trying out this place....it's delicious! Love the Loco Moco & skillet &Seoul!  It's cheaper and way better than Grand Lux and I love grand Lux.  I'm coming back!  Best breakfast I've had here in Vegas.
2	Used a Groupon and glad I did. I get it, there in the Palazzo but $50 bucks for 2 burgers, 1 fry, and 1 drink? The burgers were good as well as filling, but not the best I have had. The fries, well, they have to do something about those. Come up with a different variety or something. Lame and wimpy about half way into dinner.  It's an okay place, but would I do it twice? Nope...
4	I do not eat a ton of burgers but after 2 days in Vegas my body needed the mystical healing properties only burgers possess.  As we stumbled by this place we saw a picture of their burger on the wall and it looked pretty amazing.  The menu was very unique with options I've never seen before.   Since I barely had the energy to order I just pointed to the picture on the wall and said bring me that.  Surprisingly what they brought looked exactly like the picture and that never happens!  It was their BBQ burger and it was really good, especially since it was served on a brioche bun.  The meat was cooked a little more than I would've liked but the sweet BBQ sauce fixed everything.  We didn't have fries but my friend ordered fried pickles with ranch and I was surprised at how good they were.  I guess it was a little pricey for what it was but still very good and worth a try.
2	Venue:  I Love BurgersDecor: Johnny Rockets style LikeService: FriendlyEnvironment: Pretty cool, flat screens to watch sportsFood: Mainly Burgers Prices:  For the taste..overpriced Debbie Downers:  The Burger iteslf Conclusion: The best thing on your meal should not be the milkshake.  Yes, although the strawberry milkshake that I did have was delicious, it must not,...i repeat must not be better than the burger.  I had the Korean Burger and it was just a disappointment.  Plus for the quality of food, I thought it should have been cheaper.  Don't pay in the upper teens, low 20's for an average burger...and that's what this was...Average. Overall: D
5	My hangover cure in Vegas.  Make sure you have an appetite before you show up. The parm fries are a MUST.  The I love bacon burger is my favorite, although it might give you a mini heart attack during the day.  One recommendation I have is if you have two people, splitting the Ultimate Cheeseburger (with two patties) is the perfect amount.  Unfortunately didn't get to try any of their special drinks, but that's next time!
5	The Caprese burger was hands down the best hamburger I've ever had. The fried pickles were delicious.
1	Worst service and attitude I've ever experience. If you don't want to work  in the service industry it's very easy and simple "just quit!!" If you are still working at a burger joint thats means you have no where to go and means this is where you belong.
5	The food was amazing but the service was even better. Sean the bartender really knows how to mix a drink. Amazing!
4	I Love the Black Bean Burger. So much so I came back two days in a row. As a vegan, I left off the sauce and added avocado. Very flavorful and hearty. And the extra crispy fries were well worth the carbs....I traded the bun for the fries.
4	We took a larger party here for a group celebration. Kenneth the manager and his crew could not have been any nicer or given better service!  The food and drinks were perfect for our night!  I highly recommend for a big group!
1	1 star is only for a decent shake.  The burgers that were served to our group of six people were burned to a crisp.  There was literally a hard burned shell around the burgers, including a standard burger, 2 black bean veggie burgers, and 2 orders of sliders.  The waiter literally admitted that the sliders are always either "burned or raw" since they are "only 2 ounces each."  We were in a big rush to get to the airport so couldn't spend time to speak with the manager.  Many of us ended up leaving our food almost entirely uneaten.  Stay far away from this restaurant.  I have no idea how they can call themselves a burger joint.
5	When the line for the breakfast place in the hotel was too long I wandered into the Grand Canal Shoppes and found I Love Burgers after recognizing their sign from the elevator.A man (appeared to be the manager) hustled to greet me and grab me a menu and my drink order as I sat down.  He was polite and quick and apologized when my food took a little bit longer than expected due to a large ticket in front of me.  Little did he know I could still be waiting in line at the other place.The food was great, the restaurant immaculate and you can tell the people working there genuinely enjoy their job.  It felt like a small-town diner but I was in the middle of the Vegas Strip...not easy to pull that off.Bottom Line: $27 with tip for a very ample breakfast that I am currently digesting.  A note to all the previous reviewers complaining about the prices ... please remember you are in Las Vegas, they must have very high rent and overhead. The quality of the food and service makes up for the prices and I enjoyed every minute of this place.  Well done.
1	The buns of the burgers where cold, burger had no taste. The fries tasted like crap. The lady in the front got my sisters order wrong. You are better off going to McDonalds
1	I DID NOT Love "love burger" like I should have... Where to start.. Service took forever. Food was dry and boring. (Yes food was boring) nothing really stood out about this place. I was honestly looking for a nice small meal, but came across the wrong place. Service: We were seated quickly, however we sat there looking at the wall, customers, servers talking to each other waiting to have our order taken.. Took about a good 30 minutes for us to actually make an order.Food: I ordered the original burger. The patty was so dry I felt like I was eating cardboard. The massive amounts of ketchup did not help. I didn't even finish half of it.. Overall: There's nothing great about this place except for possibly the name... Yup..
4	We were looking for a quick bite to eat and stumbled upon this restaurant. The menu was simple hence the name. What we weren't expecting was a terrific staff and a pretty decent burger. Matt was exceptional and gave us his favorite suggestions. He couldn't have been more accommodating! His service was on point without being obtrusive. Everything came out in a timely manner and he anticipated our every need! Thank you Matt and manager Omar for enhancing our dinning experience! We'd come back just for the fried pickles!
4	Here's what I'll say about I Love Burgers: delicious. Really I'm going to leave it at that. I will add that it's pricy, but if you've had a bit too much to drink and need something greasy and delicious to bring you down this is it. I Love Bacon burger and natural cut fries is. Where. It's. At. Go. You're welcome.
4	Came in for breakfast. Place was clean and everyone was very nice. Natasha was our server, she was nice and very welcoming. Food was great, served hot and fast.  We ordered the French toast and build your own omelete. Would come back next time we're in vegas. Thanks Nathasha!
4	We have only eaten here once because of its location. It was good though! We ordered dishes to share; buffalo chicken sliders, kale citrus salad and fried pickles. All were very good and gobbled up promptly. Give it a try!
3	It's ok.  Not worth $20 a burger. Service was average and the Burger was below average.
3	They market themselves as gourmet burger joint but in all honesty it's a decent burger. It's not a fast food place so it takes about 15-20 min for your order to come out.  It's all made fresh. If there is a convention downstairs at the Sands Convention Center this place does get busy for lunch.  Although it definitely beats the lines in convention floor, which is usually slop served in a trough. No thank you. If you want something fairly quick and decent be sure to try them. Oh and don't forget to try the tater tots.
5	Wow... I'm so satisfied and full! We had the non nom Mac and cheese, fried pickles and garbage fries- all were amazing. My favorite was the garbage fries. Also, I had the heart and Seoul burger. It was cooked to perfection and had a great combination of flavors. The service was amazing too!
5	I travel a lot and I must say, this place is great! I had a bacon burger and blueberry milkshake.The service was fast, friendly and clearly has great management.I will be back to eat again!Thanks,Pb from Boston
3	Okay, the staff is great but i expected better burgers. Although we got sliders and not burgers, I still assumed they would have been just as good, but they were decent. The fries and mozzarella sticks were better. The staff was nice and there are $4 beer during happy hour. That's all I got to say about that.
3	Very nice server. She was super attentive to our needs.  Some kitchen problems.  Order took about 30 minutes although it was fairly slow at 11:30 on a Sat. Two of our six orders had to be sent back.  First one incorrectly had cheese on it and second was requested medium ears and delivered well done.
2	2 stars because staff was nice! I couldn't wait to write this review and as soon as I was waiting for the check, I started writing this. Bathroom was fucking nasty! How about someone clean it?! Made me feel like I stepped into a middle-of-no-where bathroom...Crowd was low class! Food was HORRIBLE! The worst burger I've ever had in my life. I requested it with a side of salad, instead of the bun; probably should have just had the bun so it hides the disgusting food and presented me from getting lifeless salad.Hey McDonald has burgers for a dollar or whatever, what I got here was $15 so I expect this burger to be 15 times better than of McDonald's!!! Salad was dry and lifeless. No presentation to it, I could have cut that too; that's how immature it looked.The carrots inside had gone bad n I threw them out of my plate. The meat was just dry! I felt like I was eating rubber plastic. I stopped eating a few times but had to suck it up bc we had to get to things n didn't have time to talk to the manager and hear apologies. I mean food sucks. Nothing to be sorry about! I asked for olive oil n vinegar, the bottles were soooooo greasy, I just stopped what I was doing to wash my hands; then I saw that nasty bathroom again. Ugh just horrible Safe to say won't be coming back
3	The food was decent. I had the Standard burger and shared a few fries. I liked that it says the restaurant's name on the bun of the burger. It's very filling; six hours after eating, I still wasn't hungry. Service was good. The waiter was friendly and promptly gave us our drinks and check.
3	The burgers were good, but for these prices they had better be.  The tatter tots were the same as I make at home. I enjoyed the Tahitian vanilla bean milk shake, but again, for that price I would expect no less.  Service was prompt and friendly.  We had no problem getting a seat.  Unlike some places on the strip, this one isn't blasting music you can't hear over.
5	First off Mark the manager is awesome,  very helpful  and knows the food. All the staff is great. The fried pickles are amazing,  the best out there.  The burgers  are really good  an all around great  menu and choices.
1	I would like to give them a 0. There is essentially no services. After sitting down, there is no waiter for 10 min. It takes them more than half hour to bring us water. The waitress is also very rude. The food is average.
1	This place is the worst burger I've ever had. The bun was ice cold. The manager was so kind to not charge me for it. Huh. Uneatable.  I only had one bite. I'm not hard to please.
4	The hamburgers are outstanding but most people come for the milkshakes and with good reason you must at least share one.    I favor sweet potato fries but the oriiginal are excellent also. I would recommend you try your burger medium, ignoring your mother's advise. It is safe to do here!
1	This place is nothing more than a ripoff. 2 burgers2 32 dos equis1 french fry=$90?????????Crappy overly bright ambience,mediocre food....wow. Just wow. I guess only in Vegas can a restaurant get away with this.
2	So a vegetarian walks into a burger joint....But seriously, my two partners wanted burgers and this place boasted a veggie burger, so I was sold!Result?Food was good! I did the Inferno Burger with a black bean patty (skip the warm lettuce) and add onion strings. It was yummy, good kick of spice and the patty was charred to perfection, just enough to crispiness.My boyfriend fell in love with the bacon & eggs sliders. He called the mini quail eggs cute- and devoured them. My BFF had the Dante with a turkey patty and loved it- especially the blue cheese.Bad news though!!Service was bad, bad, bad. They need to look at their staffing plans- our server was swamped with too many tables! She was filling drink orders, ringing up checks and helping at least 6 tables; meanwhile, 2 hosts were standing around doing nothing. At least 4 guys were bussing tables and done, standing around with nothing to do. There were at least 4 bartenders, yet they were all standing together taking. My drink never came, and we had no utensils while our food sat at our table.The saving grace was how nice and apologetic our server was!
4	The Loco Moco is fantastic! I've also gotten their hangover special which was this huge burger came with tater tots. All the food is really good. And service is good too. Only subtracting a star because it's ridiculously overpriced. But that's just the way it goes in Vegas!
4	4 of us came here for happy hour. Had burger sliders, pouline fries and chic finger with our daiquiries and beer. The service was excellent, bartenders kept our drinks coming and always checking on us. Great burger when you are in Vegas.
1	My husband and I went to Vegas for the New Year 2015 weekend. On our first day, we decided to walk the strip. My husband wanted to see inside Pallazzo since he's never been. While walking around we decided to stop in I Love Burgers for a quick bite. This would be our first meal of the day. The restaurant was clean and had a quirky style. It wasn't busy so we were seated right away. Our waitress was really nice and delightful. I ordered a medium (as opposed to medium rare) Dante Burger with additional avocados and water. My husband ordered a mushroom burger with onion rings and a Bloody Mary. It took about 10 minutes for the burgers to arrive. For the price of a $15 burger, I expected more. Although it was gourmet, I've had much better. My husband was almost done with his burger when I reminded him that his Bloody Mary hadn't arrived. He then reminded the waitress who had it brought over right away. So the burgers were okay, nothing to rave about. Our bill came out to $38 and I didn't even get a drink. But that's Vegas for ya! So here's the kicker, 3 hours later, I wasn't feeling well. My body started aching and I had a migraine. These symptoms I'm familiar with whenever I've had food poisoning. I knew it was because of the burger since I had nothing else to eat that day. I returned to my hotel room and vomited. I was then bed-ridden for the rest of the night but couldn't sleep due to muscle aches. The next day, I felt better but my neck muscles were still sore and it lasted for a week. My trip was ruined and I wasn't able to do any of the things I had planned to do that weekend.
