5	After a few minutes spent in the newly opened Griffin on Fremont, the only thing that came to mind was, "Finally!"  The soaring brickwork Gothic ceiling is spectacular.  There's plenty of comfortable seating and two fireplaces.  The jukebox is filled with older classic rock standards that everyone knows the words to (whether you want to admit it or not) and enough good alterna-indie to fill the hip quota.  It's a good size - large enough to accommodate a good number of people without feeling crowded, but not so big that you feel lost in it.The crowd seemed to be a generation ahead chronologically than the denizens of the neighboring Beauty Bar, which to this edging-up-on-30 chick is a relief and a delight.  The music is loud enough to hear, but not so loud that you have to shout over it to have a conversation.  The bartenders were friendly and quick, and the prices weren't too bad, especially considering you're downtown.  ($5 got a vodka tonic, $4 a bottle of domestic, and $3 a draft PBR.)  Our group of five doubled in size by the end of the night, and seating everyone together as they straggled in was easy.  We left The Griffin that night - or probably more aptly, the next morning - knowing that we'd found our new place.  I'd be lying if I said I didn't go back the next night.  It might be love.
5	The doorman is pleasant, the entrance is almost completely invisible until you're right in front of it, the drinks are poured well and the bartenders are hot. And that's just the first ten minutes. The aesthetic of the bar is one part dungeon, one part rustic and a healthy dose of trendsetting chic. This is one of the only bars I've found in Vegas that manages to be comfortable and dangerously sleek at the same time. The jukebox is stocked with a large enough variety to keep everyone happy, the staff is on the ball and the seating is just shy enough of plentiful to allow for new connections to be made. Two large fireplaces set in the center of the room develop the dungeon-esque ambiance, while the deep earth tones and modern styling make it the perfect spot for intimate conversation. The Griffin is located conveniently downtown off of Fremont, but far enough away from the garish glow of the Fremont Street Experience to keep the bulk of fanny pack clad tourists out. The average patron at the Griffin can range anywhere from Vegas entertainment veterans, to local college students.
4	Been here a couple of times and have had a blast every time. It reminds me of a cool bar in Pac Heights although I can't remember which one. This is another one of those anti Vegas bars which means NO Gaming, No bullshit wood lodge themes and No Fuckin jerk offs! Well maybe there are a few jerk offs in there but the cool definitely outweigh them. The bartenders are very friendly and efficient and a few of them smokin hot too. The drinks are average (I stick to straight shots of whiskey and PBRs, if you want a good cocktail go over to the equally cool sidebar on Third street.) the music is cool and the place is dark so if you're scammin for the opposite(or same if that's your thing) sex you might want to take another look once you get them outside just to make sure that it's who you want to go home with. Other than that Th e Griffin is Aok.
5	This place is right next to the Beauty Bar Las Vegas- I guess they have one in Los Angeles too?  Haven't been to it.  Anyway- the Griffin was a MAJOR Vegas find.  I will def, def be back.  The Juke Box is hot- plenty of quality post punk, electronic, punk rock type tunes.  Decor is psuedo gothic- they have a back room.  Bar staff was professional, and crowd was fine.Very, very low douche factor for anyplace in Vegas.
5	Never mind the rest of Las Vegas bull sh*t, this is the place to go.  I was stuck in Vegas for a week for conferences, and sick of the buffets, slots, and magicians.  Thankfully, trusty ol' Yelp came through with this place.The setting is really nice, not too dive bar-ish, with a fire place and plenty of plush seating.  At the same time it doesn't have that overdone posh look to it either, no zebra skin seats or other crap.  The people were nice, and the drinks were strong.  I went on a weekday and had a fine couple of hours at the bar chatting with locals.  I imagine the weekend could be quite busy, but likely still the best spot in town.
4	I like the Griffin. It had a young, hip crowd, and a great juke box, and drinks were pretty reasonable. The place almost feels like you are in the basement of a castle, or maybe the dungeon. Brick walls and ceilings, concrete columns, and 2 round fireplaces right in the middle to sit around on nice padded benches and chairs. I took off one star becasue either they dont have cocktail servers, or they just didnt come around us. I had to go to the bar, which was crowded to get drinks, But it didnt take long, and the bartenders were very friendly.
5	Good god. I finally remembered what this place was called. Being the 3rd bar of the night, I remembered the inside and I remembered some of the conversations that were had.... but no name!I love the fireplaces. Love the gothic feel of the place. And... I love that it's easy to get to but still "off the beaten path."Wanna actually have a conversation and a decently priced cocktail?Come here.
4	Like an L.A. dive bar plunked down in the middle of the Fremont Experience -- except  smaller and cooler. Filled to the brim with young hipsters, The Griffin is a very, very crowded, smoky bar. Yet both times I've been here we managed to grab seats next to the many roaring fireplaces layed out underneath the awesome arching roof that vividly recalls a medieval  feasting hall without any lame Medieval Times vibes. The drinks are cheap, and when a super drunk a-hole trying to buy 10 shots of Patron with a $100 bill fell over on top of me at the bar after calling me "dude," the sweet bartender gave me the whole round for free! Nice! Even though I couldn't hear a damn word anyone said because it was so loud, I left The Griffin pleased and slightly drunk. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be here to ruin your local hangout. Heh heh.
5	Great downtown spot.The Griffin is located in the newly revitalized Fremont East district of Downtown Las Vegas.  Really it's like a two block area next to the Fremont Street Experience, but that's beside the point.  This bar is awesome.  You're not surrounded by arrogant club types.  There's a few pretentious looking hipsters, but really everyone is just there to chill with friends and have a kick back time.  The jukebox might be the best part of the place.  Excellent selection of modern/classic rock and it's only a quarter per song.  The bad news is it can take forever for your song to play.  The drinks are Vegas priced, but not quite as bad as the strip.  If you smoke, The Griffin sells cigarettes but at an ungodly 7 or 8 bucks per pack.  This also means the Griffin is a smoking establishment, so be warned.There are two rooms at The Griffin.  The first (main room) is nothing but comfortable booths.  There are also a few fireplaces/heaters that people can sit around.  The bar is also located in this room.  On a busy night it can take a few minutes to get noticed by the ultra-hot bartenders.  I hear one of them is a suicide girl.  The back room is a little more spacious.  It has a few couches and comfy chairs for sitting.  There's also a place to dance as a dj spins records.  The crowd is mostly young, 20's/early 30's.  I highly recommend it if you're not one for some overrated mega-club.
5	I have to preface this review by saying that a.) I essentially am only in Vegas for work, and b.) I'm not a Vegas guy. I don't put money into slot machines, I don't like Celine or white tigers, and I really don't like the look you get from a kid in a stroller on Fremont St. at 1AM that broadcasts "the last time Mommy and Daddy got this plastered we got to be in an episode of Cops". As you might have figured out, I didn't like Vegas.The Griffin left me a changed man. It, and the ability to go shoot machineguns, has made me a Vegas guy. A fellow patron asked where I hailed from. When I replied SF, she asked (with a bit of venom) just how the hell I found out about the Griffin and why was I there. I almost wept with joy. Highly recommended.
5	Before the Griffin, all us Las Vegas locals had for classy bars without gambling/sports/pool tables/extraneous-crap was the Artisan.  I'm glad to see the Griffin step up as another location where I can go and do what you are supposed to do at a bar.  SIT and DRINK. This is what you'll find here.  A place with great atmosphere where you can SIT and DRINK the way God intended.  I wish they'd extend their beer selection, but I wish that for almost every bar on the west coast so I can't hold that against them.Oh, guys, there is a really hot bartender here too.  Look for the short girl with the brown hair.
3	I don't know, you go there and drink.  There are flying buttresses.  Aren't there cheaper places around?  The cocktails were $6 and the martinis were $10.  I was too drunk to ask for beer.  Really loud, bring some earplugs.  There is a fireplace which is nice.  You can sit around it and there are some nice seats in there. I guess if you are going there this is a place to go that is not "vegas" and it's strange because you walk outside and there are lots of lights and casinos and shit.  Hard to talk to your friend because it's so loud.  There is a back room with more dance DJ stuff going on.  Beware of assholes offering to "get you really fucked up" in the bathroom when you're trying to pee.I think I like "Vegas" more than trying not to be Vegas though.  If this were trying to not be vegas it should be real cheap, feel me?  There's no video poker though.
4	I've taken up another job giving out cigarettes to people who already smokes.  My route so far is downtown.  One of the places we go to is the Griffin.  It's a place where you have two rooms, one of the rooms is a lounge with tables and chairs, bar, and fireplaces.  The other room is a place where you can dance with a dj spinning his desired songs.  Sometimes you're gonna hear hip-hop and other nights dance/trance music.  The atmosphere is very laid back.  The lighting is very dim, with enough lighting to see who you're talking to.  It gets packed on the weekends.  As far as the weekdays, it's not very busy so it's great to just sit there if you don't want to be with too many people around you.  The people that go here dress in urban clothing and don't really try to dress to impress.  It's mostly local Las Vegas residents that come here.  When you see people who dress up in hoochy clothing are those who are from out of town and don't know that this is a place where you can just get a drink and chill.I find it very comfortable and easy to just be myself without having to try to impress people.  It's definitely the opposite of the Strip.  I love it and will take my boyfriend here.
4	I hung out here with friends who were tired and contemplating going to the Beauty Bar to see a band, but we ended up here instead.  The fireplaces were nice, the cocktails were strong (apparently, since I was drinking Fat Tire).  The regulars were "fun" to watch.  I had a good time.
4	Almost as cool as Peter Griffin
5	Hard to pinpoint why I love this place so much.  Is it the decor?  The Jukebox?  The drinks?  The fireplaces?  The people? It's probabaly a combination of all of these because it is like no place else.    Never been when the hipsters come out...I can imagine it becoming an ayehole-fest.  Have only been there a few times before settling into Hugo's Cellar for dinner. I went with my wife last time and it must've been gay-lez-tran-just-as-they-get-off-work night as it was just starting to get rolling as we headed off to dinner.  Great Place.  GREAT SIGN out front.  Right under the f-ing giant martini glass and next door to the pawn shop and Falaffel King.  AWESOME.
5	Really awesome decor, cute and polite bartender, great service, and moderately priced drinks. We were only there for one drink, but we enjoyed the lush leather sofa while gazing into the fireplace and sipping our drinks. We were there at around dinner time (6pm) and we were the only people in there. I can imagine this place getting packet as the night goes on. Looks like a great place to make out with your sweetie, too, since entire bar is lit by candles and the fire place. Very swank. Hope to go back the next time we're in Vegas!
5	Yay, another great Vegas bar for the times you can't fathom another tedious night in the tourist version of Vegas.  I have to admit I can't remember much of this bar because I had had so much to drink that evening -- but I did enjoy warming my tush by the big fire in the center of the bar while playing "True Confessions" with my girlfriends.  My friend M. raved about the huge variety of punk offerings on the jukebox, and we all enjoyed the selection of cute, iPhone-wielding boys sitting in clumps all over the bar.  I also liked the fact that the friendly doormen remembered me after I went outside for a while -- it's nice to be remembered in Vegas, especially after a night in which the same guy asks you three times in an hour if you want free passes to Tryst.
5	You know, I knew when I came here that I loved this place, but I couldn't put my finger on why. The flying buttresses? The whole "castle" theme? The fireplaces? The JUKEBOX (oh yeah, it's amazing)? Nah, I figured out it's because it sort of reminds me of Orange County and LA bars. When you're out of town, it's nice to be reminded of home without feeling like too much of a tourist. Lots of cute hipsters, they have Pabst on tap, and Red Stripe in bottles, but drinks are very expensive. The music played here is amazing... when I was in, there was Mark Ronson, Vampire Weekend, all kinds of good stuff. Stuff that you feel cool for knowing the words to.Everyone is well-dressed, lots of beards, hats, tattoos, minidresses, boots. None of that Paris Hilton crap. Partying downtown beats the HELL out of the Strip! This place is classy without you having to buy a $400 bottle for a table.This is a great bar to start out at, get your groove on in the back, but once you start to feel a little more tipsy, it's time to move on to somewhere a little less about enjoying atmosphere, good music, and chatting, and a little more about being drunk and dancing.Oh yeah, one downside is this place is effing NUTS on First Fridays. I swear, they mark up their drinks on those days, and there's a line down the street! But, no cover. Pick your battles, I guess!
4	The Griffin rocks. Literally. It has a killer jukebox. And lots of stone work.This place is really the antithesis of the Strip. It's downtown, steps from the Fremont Street Experience, but has more of a locals vibe to it. Actually, it seems like a place you'd find in Hollywood or Los Feliz...which makes sense since, according to their matchbooks, there's a Griffin there, as well.The Griffin stays true to its name with a whole gothic decor thing going on -- roaring fireplaces, leather seats, etc. There's a back room with a DJ, but why would you hang there with such a great jukebox in front?! In any given hour you could hear The Kinks, The Jam, The Who, Echo and the Bunnymen, Hard-Fi...and I'm only scratching the surface. Great selection.My only complaint about this place: Nobody told me I had to have an iPhone to fit in. Seriously. Everybody had one but me. Poor me. Sigh. Another Stella, please!
5	this place is cool. I walked in the door and heard LCD soundsystem playin on the juke box... Sweet! walked to the back were a dj was setting up. No karaoke but good tunes nonetheless. My favorite part was the lack of douchebags that seem so ever present in the strip bars, and clubs. cool people, laid back vibes good tunes! Good times!I really liked the comfy chairs, the dim lighting and fireplace.wish I could have stayed longer but had to leave due to complicated travel mates....arrrgh!
4	The Griffin is hit and miss for me.  The place gets pretty busy on weekends, but it seems like it's a bunch of kids that don't feel like talking to new people.  I don't know about the rest of y'all, but I like to go out and meet new people.  If I wanted to drink with my friends, I'd stay home.  But I can't fault the Griffin for their clientele.  The place is a pretty cool dive bar without a cover, comfortable seating, $3 PBR's, and an top-notch jukebox.
5	This is a great bar for your friends who like to talk a lot while drinking.  It's quiet enough that you can hear but there's enough distractions for when the conversation gets dull.  Kindly underlit.  It's got a good drink selection and a cool jukebox.  What more do you want.  It's a good downtown bar with credibility.  Cheers.
4	Stumbled in this place on a Saturday night/Sunday morning, and I've got to say that I really like the theme and originality of this place.  Unfortunately I didn't have long to stay as I was burnt out and broke, but I can certainly say that I will be coming back... It is like Medieval Times, but instead of all that nonsense with horses and crappy food, they make it seem like you are boozing it up in some classy dungeon.
4	Who would've known that The Griffin is a chain?? Well, at least there's two of them anyway, as far as i know (the other one being in Los Feliz, CA). And I like both equally.It was really neat to experience the other side of nightlife in Las Vegas for an evening. It was a wonderfully hot night and still recovering from our night out before, The Griffin was just the kind of thing I was looking for. Not too crowded, but still a scene. Don't feel weird holding a beer instead of a cocktail and good indie rock music to bob your head to.
5	My favorite bar in Las Vegas!!I once read that this bar would be the place Ayn Rand would hang out.  i concur.  It is dark, strange and even a little off-putting...in an inviting way...if that makes sense.    Great bartenders, good clientele and damn good music.  Sit back, relax and embrace your inner freak...you will thank me.
4	This place is almost identical to the one in Los Angeles. The interior is really cool with booths, two fireplaces in the middle of the room with couches surrounding them. The bartender was cool when I was here in May, the drinks are moderately priced. They have a good selection of hard alcohol as well as beer. The crowd was young hipsters and I saw some girl that looked like Amy Winehouse's twin. The jukebox had a mix of indie rock. You can still smoke here. They stayed open until about 3 or 4am the night I was there. I would like to go back during the day or maybe another night of the week to check it out.
5	We stayed at the Golden Nugget on Fremont Street (loved the whole Fremont  Street area too). One of the best places we discovered was The Griffin. A dark, hip, friendly and very popular lounge at the end of The Fremont Street Experience - they serve up some cheap drinks and plenty of chill atmosphere. I highly recommend this as a late-night downtown destination. We will make a point of coming back here each time we return to Vegas.
5	The Griffin is a dark, welcoming bar that says "real booze served and drank here".  A great place to start or end your night downtown, this place deserves a 6th star just for bartender Sephi.
4	After a long night of drinking and gambling on Saturday night, my buddies and I decided to find somewhere a little more low key.  We decided to check out the Griffin on Sunday evening.  Although we were there for only an hour or so, that was enough time to judge that this would be a cool place to chill and bs with your friends.  The room looks like you're in a cellar (lighting is dim, plenty of brick work).  Also, seating is situated around a few fireplaces, accompanied with a small table.  That evening, indie rock music was playing which was cool.  Overall, an unpretentious, cool little bar/crowd.  I'd definitely like to hit this place up on a Friday or Saturday night.
4	very crowded on the weekends. especially during First Friday.it is hit and miss depending on the time/day youre there. i would avoid goin on the first friday on any month. waaay to crowded and almost impossible to get a drink. but the bartender ladie with the full sleeve tattoo's is very sexy.
4	The Griffin asks very little of you.  No dress code, no cover charge, no loan needed to buy a sloe gin fizz here.  This is a welcome change from all the pretentious clubs on the Strip (yes, I am talking to you Prive).  Drinks were moderately priced and the music was supplied by a trusty juke box in the corner (complete with all the latest hipster anthems).  two fireplaces also make for cozy seating areas.Witnessed a little drama while there (two emo boys argued, one was hurt and the other threw a glass - poor didums), but other than that, a nice place to drink a few hours away.
5	see my review for the la location. this place is exactly the same, its scary. the only thing its lacking is a smoking patio but you can smoke inside here so its all good! the crowd seemed a little more.... oldish here too.
4	the griffin has a great medieval times/ dungeon and dragons-esque atmosphere. dark, brooding, with great music to boot. the crowd is also "down to earth" and looks more like a local watering hole for resident navadians as oppose to the "what happens in vegas, stays in vegas" crowd that you will get if you were drinking on the strip. great bar for a night of drinking or socializing with your friends. OR make the griffin one of the stops during your bar crawl.
4	I like this location just as much, or maybe a little bit more than the Los Feliz one. The music on the juke box was pretty good. Better than what they were playing next door at the Beauty Bar at least. On a Friday and Saturday night, there was a good crowd, but still managed to find a cozy seat.Too bad it was right across from a couple that were pretty much close to fucking right there on the couch. The guys moves were pretty entertaining to watch though. Entertaining and gross.
5	Great bar...very "un-Vegas" like.
5	This is my favorite bar in Las Vegas. Its next door to the ratty Beauty Bar, but the Griffin is much nicer. the Music is amazing playing bands such as The Smiths, The Arcade Fire, Muse, The Arctic Monkeys, and so many others. The drinks arent cheap, but its Vegas. at times this place can get VERY Crowded because its one of the college kid hot spots. You can on some nights find as many people just hanging out outside as there are inside. The interior is also very classy with fireplaces, dark wood fixtures, old art, and Dark Red and brown tones. I just love the vibe and I'm not even a big drinker.
4	This is such a cool place, I must say I liked everything about it.  My boyfriend and I were in Vegas about two weeks ago and we had read good reviews about this place. So we decided to take a cab from the strip to Downtown Fremont. $20 later we arrived and the lights at Fremont Experience were not on, so we walked opposite from the casinos and found the Griffin, we go in and there are only 2 guys in there...I went into the restroom and by the time I came out the place was starting to get a pretty good crowd. The jukebox has the greatest rock cd's...from Janis to Kings of Leon...my boyfriend picked some songs and the crowd seemed pretty in to it. The bartender chick made both my Vodka & Tonic and my boyfriend's Jack and Coke VERY strong...but we didn't complain after all we were on vacation =) We're definitely going back the next time we go to Vegas.
3	not sure what's up with vegas these days, everyone is so damn anal, was here a few weeks back and they kicked out a friend of ours for stumbling, so our whole group had to leave, there were 8 of us. even though i tried to talk them into letting her stay if she just sits down and we keep an eye on her, it still took 3 men to come over and kick out this poor girl that was sitting by the fireplace. they also wouldn't let me bring in a beer i had from another bar down the street. (the other bar let me bring in a drink) i love the griffin, both of them and hope that next time the employees are a little more relaxed, the female bartender that night was super cool despite all the testosterone from the men there.
5	Simply the best hole-in-the-wall bar in Las Vegas.  Doesn't matter if you drink a PBR or a Newcastle, this place has an outstanding atmosphere that will make you feel right at home.  Plus, a great jukebox to boot...
4	This is a great hole in the wall bar just a few steps out of the Freemont Street Experience, but still close enough to not get accosted by constant hobos.There are two things that are great about the Griffin: The ambiance and the music.  Every time I go in there, they have great music playing from a wide variety of eras and styles, so it's not all of that "in da club" nonsense from the time you enter until the time you leave.The place itself is dark, a little gothic/olde-style, and has a cool atmosphere to it.  The two fireplace areas are great.  They also have a large back room that will sometimes have a live DJ.The drinks aren't the cheapest you'll ever encounter, but they're still better than most Vegas bar fare.  At least they don't water them down, so that's a real plus.Overall, it's a great place to hang out with a group of friends and get a few drinks, while simultaneously missing that over the top Vegas pretention when you just simply want to have a drink and relax.
5	LOVE it! Such a refreshing break from the tourists on the Strip. The jukebox plays the bands I know and love, the bartenders rock, and so do the locals who go there! It's also right next to the Beauty Bar.  We'll be back for sure!
5	I went here for my birthday and it fell on a Sunday night.  The place was not busy at all and never really picked up.  It was perfect.  The bartender, Robin, was awsome.  She knew all these fancy drinks that were super yummy.  At the end of the night when I was sh*t-faced, she comped my friend and I bottled water, she even gave me some smokes when I tried to buy them.  It was a great birthday just relaxing in a nice cozy place getting hammered.
5	This is one of coolest bar I have ever been too in the US.  I highly recommend checking it out if your staying on Fremont and looking for a place to chill.
5	This place was awesome! The first night my boyfriend and I made it into this bar it was busy, but the service was still good and it wasn't overly packed. The atmosphere is very chill, gothic (vampireish I would say), romantic, and relaxing. There are comfy couches and nice tables all with candles. The lighting is very very low. When you walk in the door you go through a thick black curtain which reveals the chill, dark atmosphere. This is a nice place to hang out and talk and enjoy the nightlife. I will be going back here for sure!
4	one of my favorite bars, nice and cozy.
4	Drinks were very affordable. Conveniently located on Fremont near all the casinos. We got here a little too late so the DJ had finished playing. LAME! We did order drinks and prices were cheap. Clean bathrooms even at the end of the night. Reminded me a lot of LA's Griffin except a lot smaller.
5	I love booze.I love unicorns.I love The Griffin!
5	This place is amazing.  A real bar in an unreal city.  Very chill place, packed on weekends.  The bartenders are great (and tolerant!), the jukebox is original without being weird (totally had some great Phoenix tracks).  Have had enough good times here that we named our dog after the place after getting some great suggestions from the staff (Schnapps, Jose, Jack, etc.).  Another good spot around the corner is the Downtown Lounge...PS:  Shoop shoop to the Griffin for having a clean ladies room.
5	The Griffin is one of my favorite bars.  I haven't exactly been able to figure out why.  Maybe it's because I come here after going to the beauty bar and am thrilled to be around people closer to my age/style.  The music is great and the drinks are pretty strong.
4	I don't know if I'd call it a dive bar exactly.  I mean, it's sits next to Fremont, which is like combining all of the worst bars in the world into one, I'd put the Griffin in a class above.  After a hard week of work and drinking, being chewed up and spit out by the unfriendly world of casino bars and touristy places, The Griffin was a savior.  My friend had suggested we do Fremont and I was severely depressed after waiting for him there for a couple of hours, damn that place is sad.  After walking around through the decaying people and buildings, I said, "let's go check out this East Fremont."Well, not steps from the faux glitz, there were a couple of tricked our bicycles attached to a street sign, saving grace!  "We're going in here."  Good bicycles mean two things: locals and fun locals.The Griffin is a classy joint, not bad at all.  They have a full bar and a great staff.  It's a bit pricey, but that might be keeping some tourists out.  I'm also betting you can get a $3 Pabst there.Hip and homey, the griffin is a dark, delicious alternative to pretty much every other bar in Vegas.  Great music, tatt'd bartenders, cute clientele, all adding up to a nice experience.
4	Ooooh, super neato!! I love the atmosphere, if it weren't downtown and if parking were easier, I would definitely be there all the time.  Loved it, great musical selections!
4	Very artsy Silver lake kind of a  feel to it. I loved it. If you are staying on the main strip in Vegas...I would definitely take the shuttle or bus it, parking blows here, plus its safer than drunk driving!The drinks are stiff and well worth it.
5	What can I say about the Griffin except that it's a great place to chill and wind down at the end of your day in Vegas. It's near the end of Freemont St. Look for the big green griffon and head in the door past the curtain. What you'll find is a nice dimly lit room with a bunch of firepits (seriously, firepits in the middle of the joint) and a nice long bar. We made our way to the end and were promptly greeted by our bartender Laura. Not only was she very easy on the eyes, but she was quick with the drinks and the suggestions on what to do and where to go. My friend Jim did give her a hard time off the bat by ordering a Singapore Sling, but she consulted her bartenders bible and all was right with the world again. The drink she made for my better half though, was incredible. More so because my dearest actually drank it all and wanted another one. She's not much of a drinker so getting her to order another drink is always a small victory in my world. It was some sort of Chamboard martini concoction which we should have gotten the recipe for. All in all, this was exactly what I needed while I was in Vegas. A nice quiet place to sit back, enjoy a great drink that doesn't cost you your pancreas, and enjoy my time with great friends.
4	After months of looking for a bar that was either not uber-expensive or not dark and divey with weird locals, FINALLY I came upon this gem. It was immediately inviting with the two (working) fireplaces in the middle of the room, warm wood on the bar and floors, loungy, plush couches, and exposed brick. What really got me was that not only did they have more than just Bud or Bud Light (I can't understand why this city doesn't carry more microbrews), but they had Murphy's Irish Stout....on tap!!! It's hard enough to find Murphy's in NYC and here it is in this off-the-strip bar!! The bartenders were down to Earth and nice and the crowd was just so darned chilled that I think that this probably will be my favorite bar in Vegas.
4	Don't waste your time over at the Beauty Bar their drinks are watered down crap. The Griffin knows how to make a drink RIGHT! If you don't like a stiff drink, don't bother coming to the Griffin. It's a really cool place to wind down and people watch.
4	Since my brother lives in Last Vegas, I've done the whole "stay on the strip and mega-clubbing it" thing. It was fun the first few times, but I'm over it. I was very pleasantly surprised to get a tour of Downtown Vegas bars while in Vegas last year...in my opinion, this is way more fun than the strip!We started the tour with a stop at The Griffin. With PBR on tap and Death Cab playing in the background, I would definitely classify the place as a hipster bar. And I like hipster bars! The patrons all seemed to be with a local or locals themselves...which means they all had their original body parts (boobs, noses, teeth) and were not there celebrating a bachelor party. Everyone there seemed pretty friendly as well, but not "grab your ass" friendly like you would get in a mega-club. Drinks were relatively inexpensive by Vegas standards as well.Am looking forward to going back again the next time I'm in Vegas with friends. Griffin is located near a few other cool bars and I'm excited to go back.
5	This is the bar I've been looking for the entire 3 1/2 years I've lived here.  How did I not find it til now??  Anyway, drinks are about 6 bucks each, but strong.  Bartenders are SUPER quick and even polite and friendly!  That's saying something, since it was a Saturday night and the place was pretty crowded.  Hip crowd, feels a world away from Vegas douchery (this is a plus), and great music.  I would describe it as a dive bar except clean and really comfortable.  It is REALLY dark inside.  You can smoke inside, but it doesn't reek of smoke, so good ventilation.  This is going to be a major regular spot for me from now on!  Really loved it here.  Finally a place I can take my New York/Chicago friends and not feel embarrassed...
3	I finally decided to visit the Griffin with some friends last night after starting out at DCR. I have to say I was suprised by the bar. The atmosphere is very cool, dark, gothic, what I would imagine to be a bar for vampires like someone mentioned earlier. Cool vampires. It was a little crowded as we arrived about midnight and didn't order a drink, just was here to check it out. They have the main room with the bar, chairs, and fire pits. Then in the back is a smaller room with a couch and a few chairs and a dj in the corner. I will definitely have to come back to have a drink.
5	So far, it's my favorite bar in Vegas. I'm more of a downtown kind a lady. The bar itself is dark and rustic. Great seating options, couches and booths, and the overall layout of the bar is good. One of the best jukes I've ever seen and heard! The staff is pretty nice. The crowd is a blend of locals and visitors alike. There's a backroom with a dance floor and a DJ and more seating options. Nice to chill at the bar, chat it up, and then walk into the back room to get your groove on. I vote yes on the Griffin :) I'll be there this Sat after I check out The Growlers at the Bunkhouse.
5	For anyone who wants to get away from the overpriced glitz of the strip, and step into a cozy, well designed bar with cute and unassuming people, the Griffin is the place for you. Set one door away from the Beauty Bar on Fremont street, the Griffin offers an attractive alternative for a drink and chat with good friends. The Lodge-like feel lends itself to somewhat of a seductive atmosphere as well...after all, everyone looks better when lit up by a fireplace.  My friend and I smiled from ear to ear the moment we stepped into the Griffin. Decent priced drinks, plenty of seating, and a killer jukebox.  The value of a good jukebox has exponentially gone up since those stupid computer 'all song' boxes have taken over.  Jesus and Mary Chain, Dandy Warhols, Caesars, clap your hands say yeah...check it out. I'll be back for sure.
5	Shhh! Don't let on to the locals here that you're from outta town. Oh, and definitely don't mention you're from SoCal. Oh...and especially don't burst their bubble by letting it slip that there's a Griffin in LA too. Now that you've been warned - have yourself a fabulous, hipstery time with some local Vegas folks. And talk about stiff drinks! Holy moly. I got a vodka and soda...that thing had so little carbonation I could count the bubbles from the teensy splash of soda poured into my glass of vodka. Oh, good times indeed.Now, I'm not too sure what the gay bar scene is like in Vegas, but if you're in the market for a hipster, 21-30 gay guy or gal, most-likely wearing some ridiculous eyewear...well, you're likely to find your soulmate at The Griffin. Plus, a kickass jukebox and a lounge in the back for even more dancing. Oh wait! One more warning for outta-towners...you know that I love me some dive bars, but I totally forgot that a dive in Vegas would be filled with smokey smoke smoke. So grab that gasmask and hide your California license and prepare to have one helluva night.
4	Love it for the reasons everyone else gives (music, lighting, stiff drinks, etc.), but I really wish we could ban smoking here!I have to wash my hair when I get home so my sheets don't smell like smoke. But that's pretty much everywhere in Vegas.Oh yeah, there's live music on Wednesday nights, and it's less crowded during the week.And as for parking, if you can't find a metered spot on 6th or 7th, go to the free El Cortez parking garage on the Northeast corner of 7th and Ogden.  You don't have to worry about getting a ticket validated.
5	this is a surprising little gem of the fremont experience. The interior looks like an old bar you'd find in LA. Great brick work and wood interior that should be used in a movie set. The firepit was perfect to escape the chilly 45 degree weather outside. Although it's rather dark and can get crowded, it's a fun place to catch up with friends and have some, or many, delicious libations. They have a great jukebox and a DJ in the evening. We stopped in for a drink and stayed for about 4 hours - time disappears when in Vegas!
5	My favorite bar in Las Vegas. It always has a cool, down to earth crowd and it has PBR on tap. What else do you really need?
5	Wait, did we step through a portal that instantly transported us from downtown Vegas to L.A.? That was the first thought that crossed my mind when we walked into the Griffin over Christmas weekend. Apparently I'm not the only one that feels this sort of dej vu, because, well, there actually *is* a Griffin in L.A. But then that unmistakably Vegasy cloud of smoke hit us in the face (and obviously lingered on our clothes for days) just to remind us that, oh no, we're right here in the Fremont district, albeit in the hipper east side. I love downtown because it's less crowded, less artificially glammed up, more laid-back, and more affordable than the busier, glitzier Vegas Strip. It's like the difference between hanging out in Long Beach dive bars versus Sunset Strip nightclubs. Hm. Maybe I should just stay away from Strips altogether, unless it's of the "club" variety. Anyway, downtown Vegas mostly embraces the cheesy low-budge atmosphere that we've come to love, but apparently there's a growing local hipsterism that's arising in Fremont east district. You know what? Ain't nothing wrong with that. It gives downtown a different flavor. The Griffin had a much more diverse crowd than most Vegas bars I've been to (oh what? openly gay and lesbian couples?) and it lends a bit of realism to a town built on artifice, where shiny veneers usually hide ugly warts. The place also had a good mix of locals and out-of-towners, but we didn't feel looked down on just because we came from L.A. (I'm sure many locals feel that way.) In fact, as we were about to leave, a friendly group of gay locals implored us to stay. Unfortunately we had to turn them down and head out to our next spot - pub crawls are like sharks: keep moving or die. Fret not, Griffindors, we'll be back, and we'll be bringing friends.
3	Depending on your mood and aesthetic, this place is either an annoying hotbed of edgy hipsters trying really hard to pretend they are in L.A. or London -- or an awesomely un-Vegas hole-in-the-wall.  I've been there in both moods... usually metamorphosing from the former to the latter in the course of a visit.It looks like a subterranean vault, with fireplaces and bricks and all manner of un-Vegas decor, and the drinks are reasonably priced and strong enough, made and served by nice enough bartenders.  The jukebox is full of too-cool-for-school Brit rock, and in the back room they have a dj spinning trancier dance stuff.  The clientele are all around 22, with dyed black hair worn in mullets and faux-hawks, and closets full of skinny jeans and ironic t-shirts.  If that's your crowd, you'll love it here!  But even if it's not, it's still a cozy place to have a good drink downtown... and at least it's less annoying than the Beauty Bar!
4	its nice to hit up a bar that does not have gaming in it.  Really dig the place and the staff was nice, atmosphere was a needed change from the normal Vegas spots
4	so there you are. las vegas. and you're like, "ugh, i can't take any more of this casino, strip bullshit... no more plastic, no more ed hardy." sorry. there is nowhere to hide. i've tried. and i know locals that would know if there were shelter. there's not.There are some options that come close, however.  And this The Griffin be one of them.  I think if this bar were on Cap Hill in Seattle or Silverlake in Los, I'd give it 5-stars.
5	I've been here a few times, every time I visit the Vegas. Fireplaces, great music selection via the jukebox (think Passion Pit, Phoenix, Cut Copy, Sam Sparro, not the typical Top 40 fare), and a back room with a hip hop DJ spinning underground style, it's a breath of fresh air from the strip.The bartendresses are just as hot as the music, especially one of the brunettes...we locked eyes way longer than necessary and it was very good :). If I wasn't an out-of-towner...Hey, I'm not saying every guy is going to get to trade heartbeats, so don't hold me to this. But if flirting was her job, it made me happy. Adding a star for that one. And of the 8 or so different barkeeps I've dealt with there, only 1 of them has been unfriendly, so I'd say that's a pretty good track record.To do: Must check out on first Friday. Oh, and I just found out they have a Griffin in Los Angeles. I know where I'll be headed this weekend.
5	Not only does this place have $1 PBR ON TAP on weeknights, they let pretty much anything go on inside. My friends and I have: accidentally burned people with cigarettes (sorry), fallen asleep sitting straight up on the fireplaces, spilled entire beers on each other, fought amongst ourselves and worn costumes inside not on Halloween. And that is just us, not even all the other drunks that frequent this place. And I say that with love. This place is loud, crowded, smokey, and plays what most Yelpers would refer to "hipster douchebag" music. But if you don't like it, feel free to spend the $1 to change the song instead of complaining. Also, it always makes me happy to get strong drinks at non-LA prices. Inside it is dark and dimly-lit and definitely reminds me of like, my grandpa's den... if I had a bad ass grandpa and he had a legit den filled with treasures of his past times. If it is your first time and you want to check it out when it isn't packed, maybe avoid the first Friday of every month, where there is a little art/music festival downtown called (weird) First Friday. P.S. people- No one in Vegas gives a shit if you're from LA or Mars so save your out-of-towner sob stories.
4	Wow!  I felt like I was either a firsthand witness in The Cask of Amontillado... or some hermit who lives in the rafters of some old building... and I loved it!  Perfect layout and designed with a stiff hand of restraint which keeps it from being cheesey.  Music was great (who doesn't love a good jukebox?) and the fireplace was bangin'.Who'd have thought I'd want to bring a Vegas bar home with me?
2	Cigarettes...that is all I can possibly say. However, I will forever love the Griffin just because this is where we celebrated after a good friend getting married in Vegas. Looked like a hipster spot, cool vibe, STRONG drinks...But... cigarettes...
4	This place is amazing! It's totally on the "slightly sketchy" side of Fremont Street, but totally worth getting a little creeped out. The neon "Griffin" sign beckons you to come in. With such a big sign, you are taken off guard buy the velvet curtain you have to move through to find the entrance to the bar. Once inside, you WILL be pleased. The bar is dimly lit and has a slightly medieval feeling to it. It was filled with regulars (not posers like me) and cheap drinks! Throughout the center of the room there are fire places totally warming the place up. There are tons of places to sit and a rad jukebox. Plus, tons of cute boys at the bar. My only suggestion would be to not bring my dad with me next time so I can flirt! Love this place and I can't wait to go back!
5	I'm an out of town-er to start off this review... I come every so often to Vegas so I've made my rounds to the strip, thrift stores and seen the rest of Vegas plenty. I was looking for a bar to go-to with my bf that wasn't totally wack. No cover, clean, not a dive and has a great crowd. I'm from the bay area where most of the bars are very separated as far as crowds go... bro's, hipsters, lesbians and everyone else- bars. Well the griffin was my dream come true. It was all these people... in one bar. Probably the most balanced bar scene I've ever seen. Totally friendly and drinks are moderate to pricey but that's every bar. There are fire pits in the center with seating around it and the bathrooms are clean and well lit. Music was also okay, not sure if it was a juke box but they played some death cab and spoon while i was there. Huge fan of this bar.
5	1. Honest drinks2. Not too many hipsters3. Excellent bartenders4. Pretty good jukebox5. Happy hour is nice with $1 off drinks6. Laid back atmosphere where pretty much anything goes7. Two fireplaces
4	The Griffin is really a very nice place to enjoy your evening. Seating was plentiful, the central fire pits were a nice touch, and bar service was good as i found there. This is really a wonderful place to start or end your night.
4	I'm from L.A. but I can't stand L.A. hipsters.....this place is awesome because I feel like I'm in L.A. minus super obnoxious hipsters! Reminds me of how awesome L.A. bars were in the 90's. I love this place. And please have the hard palmer....delicious!
5	I love the Grif, great music,bar,& heavy poured drinks. I enjoy the seating and the fireplaces, it's like a very cool dungeon! Lol oh If you can't handle smoke not the place for you.
5	My new favorite bar in Vegas = The GriffinVery relaxed atmosphere, this place has. The place is not too big, and it's very dark inside. Drinks are, relatively speaking, cheap and in good portions. Female bartenders are gorgeous and quite hospitable. The patrons here are wild - you never know what types of people you will bump into here. At the back is another room with a dance floor.One thing I like about the Griffin is that there weren't that many scantily-clad women there. In fact, I don't recall ever seeing one the times I went. I enjoyed that all the women dressed in a tasteful manner. Add everything together, and you have a great place to go at night.
4	This is a great spot.   It's Dark.  It has Fireplaces.  It's one block from the Fremont Street Experience.  This is a totally cool, chill late night bar.  Happy hour from 9-11pm.  I guess. The Bartenderess kept telling me different times.Check it out when out on the Old Strip.
5	It's hard to review drinks and bars when I am sober. I break sobriety on Aug 20. But this isn't about me. It's about The Griffin.I can review ambience, the dance party in the back. And the semi-decent bathrooms.This really is one of the best places that I've seen in Vegas, particularly on the local level. Music is cool. The vibe is chill.Then you take a walk to the back and have your face melted by some hip hop (on saturday nights) and have a dance-off. Pushups are a great way to kick someone's ass in a dance fight. Just sayin...Bathrooms are ok. Decent. Not great. Drinks are relatively cheap. Bring a date here. Get em good and liquored up...then hit up that dance floor. Show off your moves. This is the spot!
4	Went to Vegas for a wedding that my girlfriend was maid of honor in.  We skip out a night earlier that we originally planned and stayed at 4 Aces on Fremond on a Thurs for $22.00  NiceOkay so then we decide to of course drop bags and go wander.  We both worked all day then drove.  Hit a bunch of the $2.00 Corona places and walk around with beers until we decide to go check out the Griffin.  Man am I glad we did.They have one in LA that I have seen but never been in.  I understand they are simular.  Its dark inside with a nice long bar and cool bartenders.  Drinks are about like any other normal bar and they were fairly good pours.  The seating is pretty chill.  Has a loungy feel to it.  Button red pleather seats and booths.  They had fire places around the place that people could sit and chill by.  They are located in the middle of the room instead of the walls.  Its Vegas  so you have the local crowd that isnt going to go into Casino bars and you also get a few Idaho boys and girls and just about everything in between.  Chill Music, kinda Indie sounding and the volume was at a level that you could hear it but not so loud that you couldnt relax and talk without screaming.  I had a great trip so I may plan another one before summer is up and I am definitly hitting up the Griffin again.
4	Great atmosphere. Nice crowd. Good place to meet friends.
5	Wow. It's like an LA Silver Lake bar but in Vegas. It's hoppin, even on a week night.
3	If a pair of skinny jeans and a hunting lodge had a baby, it would probably look like The Griffin.  If you haven't been to the one in LA, this is definitely a place to check out in Vegas off the main strip.Some people have called this a dive bar, but that's really only in comparison fancy places or bars on the strip... I think there has to be a real element of sketchiness to be a true dive bar.  The biggest worry you'll have here is that someone else might be wearing the same ironic T-shirt as you.  I actually think it's a pretty nice place - love the stone fireplaces, and they are flaming year-round.  Unfortunately this means they keep the place COLD, so if you're a delicate flower like myself you might get chilly.  Strong drinks at decent prices.  Limited beer selection if you're a connoiseur/into microbrews, but a few imports like Stella, Guinness, Hoegarden, plus lots of cheap domestics.  Great jukebox, mostly friendly hipster crowd. Gets packed on the weekends, and can be very smoky.  Get there early with a group-- snag a corner booth plus some fireside space and set up camp!
4	A little hidden secret of downtown Las Vegas. You would never think this bar lounge would be hidden in the newly renovated East Fremont St. district. Very dark and chic and at times can be a very busy spot. Seating all over the place if you can manage to grab a spot.
5	Excellent music and very tasty choices on tap. Try the stout. Will definitely stop by next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Alright. Time to update. Yeah, I know my last review was five stars, and its probably time for me to get off my damn soapbox right?Well. Deal with it. Over the past month or so, we've been graced with the typical Vegas summer (Africa Hot). The Griffin is a great way to beat the heat. The air-conditioning here is effing ridiculous and more powerful than a Celine Dion ballad. Go to the makeout (dance) room in the back, and enjoy the frigid ambiance. You'll thank me.
4	Cheap happy hour. Freemont street. Not much more to say here. Awesome place that is good for a start and finish of one's nights.
4	I go to this place every so often and I really like it. Drinks are good and nicely priced on Friday nights. I have had many fun nights at this bar and the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the music is horrible..... There is absolutely nothing to choose from on the jukebox and I have heard many patrons complain about it. The second reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it is a very young crowd and not at all diverse. Saying that, I really do like this place!
4	Is upscale dive bar a contradiction of terms? I don't particularly care, as it is perhaps the most succinct way to describe Fremont Street's world famous Griffin Lounge. If dark, smoky bars with attractive hipsters is your sort of scene, then you'll be right at home here. I make it a point to stop by The Griffin every single time I am in Vegas.  The jukebox impressed me, and that is generally very difficult to do--a nice blend of classics and all this newfangled music that you young whippersnappers like. I was able to throw on some Jesus and Mary Chain and Grinderman and that warms the dark areas of my heart. My companion and I were able to score a fantastic booth by the fire before the Saturday night crowd arrived, and we were cajoled, bribed, and yes, even propositioned by the other patrons in exchange for a seat in the standing-room only bar. It is good to be the king/queen, eh?Drink prices are fairly reasonable, and the ambiance is that of a sultry neo noir. Saunter on down to the Griffin. You'll thank me in the morning.
4	Went here on a Friday night, as many of the reviews attest to, atmosphere was very neat. Kind of like a rennaisance dungony kind of feel in a very cool way. I like that dance and music was seperate from main bar so you don't have to yell to talk to ppl.Surprisingly, was not so happening vibrant crowd the night I went. It was clearly an off night.Drinks were reasonably priced and service was good. Ima be goin back and get all mideival on someone!
5	So, you're not a frat dude or sorority-type person, you like music that's considered indie and you're looking to hook up with a guy/girl in skinny jeans tighter than yours. Get off the strip and head on down to the hidden cool part of town. Come on inside The Griffin and prepare to be here all night. Talk about amazing atmosphere! Fit pits....dark wood...great bar. Pinch yourself and make sure you're still in Vegas! This place is a great place to take a breather from the shiny, sparkly part of Vegas. If I lived here, I'd probably make this my regular hangout. However, at 27 I was pushing the age limit here. At times I felt like an old lady, and I only have one tattoo so that put me in the minority here. But everyone was really friendly and now that I'm back in Dallas I miss it. Boo hoo hoo. Do yourself a favor and check this place out. The best part is, if you're lucky enough to find a drunk hottie all the old school wedding chapels are practically next door. Good luck!
5	Midwestern meets Fremont Street - 6pm (early in Vegas evenings out) - once getting over the feeling of the sketchy exterior -open the door into a plush velvet drape, "what's behind the drape?"  A wine cellar meets mid-evil lounge welcoming us with eclectic music, comfortable seating, marvelous oil paintings and a wall filled with any liquor you would want to consume.  The selection of tap beer was wide too.  I am glad to have found The Griffin at the time we did.  The bartender was great.  She gave me incite on how one could survive in Vegas - take numerous road trips into the woods.  If this place was in WI I would visit on a regular basis.
4	Great lounge downtown.  There's not many places to hangout and see/meet cool 20/30s downtown.  The Griffin is one of 3 or 4 I can think of and probably the best.  It's got a great vibe with big fireplaces and dark brick everywhere.  Good crowd even during the week.  The music is just OK and if they knew how to make better cocktails I'd probable give them 5 stars.  On the weekends the back room is open and they have a DJ  playing some kind of pop dance mix.
4	When I lived in Vegas, I used to come here a few times a week. The crowd goes from random stragglers to young hipster-types depending on time and day of the week. The inside of this place is like a dark, cozy lair that will leave you smelling like that weird aunt of yours who collects antiques and chain-smokes inside her home. MMmMm. There's also a back room that plays movies, serves as a dancefloor (complete with DJ), or a chill out room depending on day of the week. I much prefer this place to Beauty Bar which is right next door and a little too.. um... look-at-me-and-my-creative-dancing-and-my-vintage-clothes-and-funky-tastes-reminds-me-of-my-18-year-old-self for me? I dunno, does that make any sense? Anyway, The Griffin is like that needle in a haystack neighborhood bar in Vegas. Cheap, fun, friendly.. It's easy to stay here till last call and not even realize it.
5	Great atmosphere this place looks like a castle or dungeon, candles light everywhere. The bar is beautiful and the bartenders are always quick and attentive. This is one of my new favorite hangout spots. They have Julian Casablancas on the jukebox amongst other obscure music, I WILL definitely be back!
4	the griffen use to have one of the hottest bartenders i had ever seen, she wasnt there on my last visit and im hoping it was her night off.the bar itself is kind of like a classy opium den. super dark and covered in fabric/dark woods. go check it
5	It never ceases to amaze me that we can always get a seat by the fireplace.  Any other bar...fuhgeddaboudit!Part ski lodge, part catacomb, Griffin feels a world away from the strip. Once you slip past the heavy velvet curtain, and your eyes adjust, you quickly realize the Griffin is Anti-Vegas Central.I've never been blown away by any of the drinks, including the wines.  No major mixology here...just great, correction, GREAT atmosphere, fantastic eclectic crowd, and the ever-roaring fires.This is probably the one place in Vegas that pulls off the impossible... where you can go to disappear from the world or go party with it.After the Artisan, one of the most interesting bars in Vegas!
5	When you are tired of the Vegas hustle come here.  No VIP upgrades, bottle service, free this for increased that, just a simple, inexpensive bar with good cocktails and a great jukebox. Ooh, and a fire pit.
5	When you stand naked in front of the mirror and admire the burn marks, knife scars and the tiny head that gently protrudes from your stomach and reminds you of the twin you never got to meet life becomes abundantly clear.  There is nothing to hide who you are and where you have been. Napalm fight in Cambodia, sword fight in Japan, wrestling with two hookers in Mexico...the usual things in the usual places. There is comfort there. There are memories there.  Slowly things fade into normalcy. When you see a 300lb woman with one leg and a lazy eye you no longer think of Santiago Chile. The memories become like dreams.  After a while the comfort brings no joy, just contempt.In Vegas every bar is exactly the same. The horrible sights and sounds of video poker and the slacked jawed yokels that feed those stupid machines, a few drunks talking about the last time they saw Paris Hilton, a few more drunks talking about the last time they banged Paris Hilton, and a few more drunks talking about selling coke to Paris Hilton. The usual. The food varies from bad to mediocre. The music varies from God awful to bad. The barflies vary from reeking like 5 week old cheese in a boot to malodorous.  This is the only place on earth that the chain bars are better than most of the one offs. There is no care. There is no love. There is no respect for the time honored institution of a watering hole. Good music. Good booze. Not too expensive. Good scene.  Is there no hope? Is there no chance? Is there no gas to huff to end this pain?The Griffin is the answer to all those questions...except the gas one...more on that in my book "Leaded or Unleaded".  The Griffin is as close to perfection as a bar gets.  No food. No local drunks drooling over a quarter poker machine. No Killers music playing every 4th song. This place is the best kind of place...it knows what it is...and it is happy with what it is.  What is it? A place for people to meet, drink, listen to great music, and drink some more.  It is a place to meet a nice girl with the clap and have protected, if not mechanical, sex at a place that you claim is a "friends" but is really your house. If it goes well you tell her in the morning it is really your place and you were just too drunk last night...or better yet...tell her she is mistaken when she reminds you of telling her that you were renting it from your millionaire friend who only uses the place when he wants to "go slumming for low class trim." Late at night they open up the back room for dancing, of course this is more like white alternative 30 somethings swaying out of time to a DJ, but it is a good time.  The beer selection could use a little work, but the few beers they have on tap are good. They make a hell of a drink.The Griffin is not for everyone. You must love great music you don't hear on the radio. You must not want to order cheese sticks. If you love PT's, drink bleach, and don't go to The Griffin. If you aren't ready to have sex with a girl who has a full back tattoo, asks you to do terribly humiliating things which result in you walking home through D Street in a negligee and a thong. If you want to watch the big game or the big fight...go to another bar. If you are tired of the traditional soulless Las Vegas cookie cutter bar The Griffin is waiting for you.Rex would be waiting for you...but he already found someone else.
5	This was my 2nd stop on my first night in Vegas during Turkey weekend... Unfortunately I cannot provide a proper description on this review because I was somewhat intoxicated after being at The Double Down Saloon prior.... I do remember/ recall great atmosphere and cool decor.. Loved the fire place.... At the back they has another room with a DJ, playing Techno music, which was proper and european-like... Again, wish I could provide more info right here... Well, I guess I just have to arrange another Vegas weekend and make this place my first stop.. LOL....
4	Hipsters have laid claim to East Fremont Street (well, one block of it so far), and the Griffin is the hipster flagship.  Biases up front, hipsters are annoying.  As a woman, I am not really a huge fan of men that use more hair product than me or have jeans tighter than mine.  And the Griffin is filled to the brim with these types of boys.But consider what I've just said and notice that I rated the Griffin with four stars.  That's because this bar is one of the few great, cozy lounges in Vegas.  Upholstered booths and benches line the front room, accompanied by two fireplaces.  I love the ambiance of this place.  Dark and warm.  It's the perfect plush cave to retire to for an evening of drinking.  The music is pretty solid too -- a nice mix in the juke box and usually a DJ on the weekends. And the bar is well stocked.  Good whiskey collection (not great, but good enough to bring a smile to your face three different whiskeys into the evening).  The taps are filled with a solid variety of standard quality beer (Guinness, Newcastle) and the usual Pabst nonsense on tap for hipsters who drink for style (seriously everyone, Pabst is nasty.  Hipster boys--if you can afford those tight jeans, you can and should drink better beer).When it gets crowded, the bartenders have a hard time keeping up, but that's true in every bar.  On slower nights or earlier on a weekend evening, the customer service is excellent.
3	Still one of the better layouts in town, but where did all the cute hipster girls go? Now this place is packed with the Affliction set. What happened?
4	wow...there are so many mixed reviews about this place...about hipster this and hipster that...so I was a little weary about going...thinking I would be annoyed. But I don't care as long as people are nice.Anywho...we were tired of The Strip scene in vegas and wanted to venture out a bit to have a merry christmasfirst I called to make sure the place was open...I call and ask how late they are open til (it's xmas night) and the girl on the other end says...."whenever you stop drinking." I was like, um yeah, my kind of place.this place was so laid back, the ambiance was great...the guys sitting next to us were complete gents. the girls I ran into in the bathroom were sweet and not catty at all.the bartender was great, drinks were reasonable.It's a great place to just go have a drink and conversation with your homie-lover-friend.xoxo
3	I love the design of this place with all of the firepits and dark decor...  And that is where my love affair begins and ends with this place.  Maybe I've just been to too many bars, but this place doesn't really stick out in my mind for better or worse.
3	This place looks nothing like it does from the outside. Very dark and bricks are everywhere. Two fireplaces and a back room. Music is constant, good music from new wave to old pop. you can actually have a conversation here and the drink prices are great. Don't go to the casinos to drink, this is the place. Very easy to pick up someone with the ease of starting a conversation. The drinks are strong too.We stayed for two drinks and then left. But could have stayed the whole night. This place is right off the old strip on fremont street (east side of fremont street). It looks like a seedy bar but it isn't. don't be afraid.
4	this joint was recommended to us by a cab driver who took us to Fremont Street. gotta say, he didn't steer us wrong. first we loaded up on some $2 Heinekens & Coronas at the casinos on Fremont (hey man, it's a rough economy), then headed here.they got some great beers on tap - like Rogue Hazelnut, a heavenly nectar - and most in the $5-6 range. awesome dark vibe in here - bricks, candle lights and fireplaces. crowd seemed to be in their 20s and 30s, peppered with hipsters, old people, college students, and other randoms.this is a solid bar in the slowly revitalizing downtown area of Vegas. come here for a change of pace from the insanity of the Strip and load up on some great beers!
5	After a long day at work, it's always comforting to hang out with some of my friends and sip some good brew.  And on a  Friday night, the Griffin is my favorite spot to go to.  Good drink prices, cute bartenders and an amazing atmosphere make for a great place to unwind.  No questions, an absolute 5 star for me.
4	The Griffin has a cool, dark, dungeon-like atmosphere that is romantic and a little creepy at the same time. But awesome either way. My first visit was this past Friday night before the long MLK weekend in Las Vegas ... It was busy when we arrived about 9:30pm, and PACKED by the time we left at 11pm. Very cool, friendly crowd, leaning toward the younger, hipster species, smattered with a few grown-ups, and a dash of old hippies.My Long Island ice teas were yummy and effective. Not a bargain bar per se, but hey, you come here to see and be seen, and enjoy a hefty cocktail and a Dunhill by the fire.Minus 1 star for telling my date to put out his Cohiba.  Really? Please consider upgrading your ventilation system, and allow cigar-smoking. Its a freakin' dungeon! You should be able to enjoy a fine cigar in a freakin' dungeon!  LOLB+
5	very cool bar with fire pits indoors. a definite place in vegas to have a drink!
3	This place is alright.  It seems like the people I've talked to about this place have two different ideas about it.  The first is the trendy kids who don't like to admit they are trendy.  They call this place a dirt bar and go there not to get judged, blah blah blah.  Wear your flannel in peace bro, I don't care.  The others are the ones who heard that it's cool, and then went, and decided against it.  I am more in the other group.  I went there one night to meet up with my wife, and the door guy didn't want to let me in because I was wearing flip flops.  It's Vegas dude, I don't care.  After like 5 minutes of haggling, he finally "let me in this one time."  Whatever, so I get inside and meet up with my wife and her friends.  My wife was like, "They have PBR on special for $3!!!"  I immediately asked her, why is that special?  You can go to the store down the street and get a 12 pack for the same price as 2 beers here.  Plus, you don't have to deal with all the purple plaid patters everywhere.  I can't say that I won't go here again, because my wife likes it.  But if you aren't in the non-trendy trendy scene, then you probably won't like this place.
4	Was just chillin on a Friday past midnight at a coffee shop then got a text from my friend Lisa bored as hell wanting to go out.  I've already made up my mind not to go out tonight turning down several friends but damn it, she's a lil cutie so I said yes.Called her up and we decided to go to the Griffin (my fav spot in downtown). Went home to change...skinny jeans, check......flannel top, check......old ass beat up chucks I've had since high school, check.....yup this is the way I dress and reason why I love downtown Vegas because the crowd and people there express themselves more freely and not caught up with gold diggin' skanks, ed hardy wearin' muscle heads that you occasionally bump into at nightclubs in the strip.  The strip is just too glamorous for me.Drinks are cheap and the back room is bumpin with songs with the likes of Queens, old school hip hop, 80's, and other hits that I like but never usually hear at most bars.  Everyone comes here to socialize and dance without a care.  Most people here can't dance including me but we just don't give a damn, stepping on each other's shoes and just having fun.  That's why I love this place, the diversity, the type of style I like to see, friendly social atmosphere, and the cool samoan bouncers that make me feel like I'm back home in Torrance, CA.On a quiet day, this is a nice place to bring someone to have a conversation.  Inside is dark, plenty of seating, with fireplaces that just sets up a mood of comfort and chill time to escape from the day.
5	This is my favorite bar in Vegas!  Anytime I go downtown, whatever the reason, I have to stop in The Griffin for at least one drink.  Thou almost every drink here turns into about three.Very cool atmosphere!  With the brick, the archways, the fireplaces, the good drinks and great music...it's all tip top.  One of the best jukeboxes I've ever seen too!  And there's always a good drink special going on it seems.  The bartenders are very generous with the liquor in their drinks! Plus they have one of my favorite beers on tap: Rogue's Dead Guy Ale!There's plenty of chairs and couches, as well as seating around the fireplaces.  And the artwork on the walls are cool too.  Nice, clean bathrooms...which is a rarity for a Vegas bar.  And the backroom which is used for everything from bands to readings to small special events.  And one of my favorite things about The Griffin is the great people watching it provides!If you want a cool and unique Vegas bar experience, and especially if you're hitting the downtown scene, The Griffin is a must visit!
5	My ultimate favorite place to chill for a drink. I am here once a week or so and always take my friends here. I love how you feel like you aren't in Las Vegas, which is VERY nice. You are surrounded by super chill interesting real people. Not the fake,pretentious plastic people you find on the strip. Plus the drinks are alway hella strong and very well priced.
4	I decided to come here after seeing a write up on "hipster vegas".  I'm not a hipster, but wanted a more low key bar than the typical glitzy lounges found on the strip and the reviews on here sounded like this place would fit the bill.  We got the deuce bus to Fremont Street which was really easy and also good to see parts of Vegas other than the gargantuan hotels.  We walked through the Fremont Experience with the gigantic electronic flashing ceiling in tune to Queen songs....defintely worth a look.   Anyway we headed to the Griffin...as other posters have said a great bar/pub, good music, reasonable prices ($5 Kronenbourg and $8 generously poured Ketel One).  There were lots of booths and open fires and a little room out the back with a dj spinning tracks and people dancing.  I only spotted a few of your stereotypical "hipsters" otherwise it was just an unpretentious crowd of people enjoying a few drinks and having a good time.  The only negative thing I have to say is the temperature.  It was freezing cold inside, so bring a sweater!
5	Ah, my heart might explode. My favorite bar/lounge is not in the SLC, but in beautiful Las Vegas. Imagine... stone walls, very dim lighting, fireplaces, round wooden tables, comfy lounge chairs, a lovely dirty bar with mirrors and bottles upon bottles of alcohol and sounds from the Silver Sun Pickups and New Young Pony Club streaming from the Juke Box. *Drooling* I am not into clubs or doing what the kids call "Clubbing" or "Clubbin". I'm good...My first experience at The Griffin was September of 2010 when my boyfriend and I took another, yes another, trip to Vegas. We LOVE staying at the new Rush Tower at the Golden Nugget. I will be doing a review of this place next. I couldn't have asked for a better evening. I discovered my very own hipster haven, I was there with someone special, drinking amazing beers, taking shots, and sitting by a fireplace jammin to LCD Soundsystem and Metric. Fremont Street is always an experience. Stop in The Griffin! I promise you you will fall in love. Get there around 9 o'clock before the crowds arrive. Buy a good beer and a shot and snag a seat on the comfy chairs by one of the fireplaces. SIt back, enjoy and see what everyone is raving about.
5	Confession time!  Yes, there are times I dress like a hipster, and yes, I like hanging out at hipster places.  I can't grow a full beard, and the taste of PBR induces headaches, but if forced to pigeonhole myself I do have hipster characteristics.  But hipster or not, The Griffin is an awesome bar that strays from the norm of what is a "Vegas" bar.Situated in downtown Las Vegas, The Griffin fits the label of hole-in-the-wall.  It looks a bit like a dive bar on the outside, and it doesn't really stand out too much, but once inside it's like you're transported anywhere from an East-Coast underground lounge to where Harry Potter would drink once he's of legal age (or has a fake ID).  The place is adorned with brown bricks, plush chairs, and fireplaces to make you feel nice and cozy.  A jukebox pumps music that THANKFULLY isn't what every single other bar and radio station plays, so you won't have to fear plunging an ice pick into your head after hearing "Like a G6" for the millionth time.  Perhaps the greatest thing about this bar is the lack of video poker machines and TV's.  I hate video poker, and while I do enjoy watching a game with a beer, this is a place that encourages socializing!  What, communicating without the use of technology?  Talking to people face to face?  Don't be scared!  And for the most part, people here are friendly, I even struck up a conversation comparing Modernism to Postmodernism in American Literature with a completely random person.  There is a small backroom where you can dance, and I found that to be an interesting kick.  I hear they use the room for other things as well, but haven't gone to any of those other events yet.And while they didn't have Guinness on draft (Boo!), they did have this chocolate stout that was absolutely delicious.  While it's fun to go on almost every night of the week, the place gets PACKED during First Friday.  If you want to go there during First Friday, you better get there early, because it's going to be packed and you will have a tough time making it to the bar.  PROS:Great drinks on draft.Excellent decor, vibe and clientele Indie music!No Video Poker or TVsCONS:Gets packed during certain events, line can last for awhile.Since it's downtown, parking sucksTHE VERDICT:  One of my favorite bars in Las Vegas, will go here consistently.
4	No windows. No video poker. I miss it already. Whenever I go back home for a visit, i can usually find most of my friends here on any given night. Or better yet posting up on the sidewalk out front. Oh I'm sorry does that consitute me as a "hipster"? Come on jerks, that word is so early century. (Plus, I live in Brooklyn now so I'm obviously not here to judge)Comfy seats. Warm wood interior. The jukebox was one of the best by Vegas standards. The original Griffin is in LA
5	**** FIRST REVIEW AS AN ELITE WHOOP WHOOP; excited:) ************* Whooo hooo... After 6 hours of traffic-driving Vegas, WE ARE HERE!! But where shall we start Vegas-ing? You see, I visited Vegas the other weekend to see the Prodigy (& ShittyPark) and I had an interesting mix of 2 friends and sister + fiance... So I wasn't sure where we should go out.... Uhhh.. Yes!! Griffin!!! This time I popped in sober so I was excited to see if I remembered this place as Fabulous or was it just a "false memory"... lol This place is just great! Filled with different styles of people, the vibe is just great, everyone is so chilled, sitting around the (2!!) fireplace(s)... JukeBox music, Ohh yess and of course the funky back room with the DJ..... That night they were playing some dark 80's pop tunes, mixes with some "European" House, which I loved loved loved..... The place was just right for our mixed bunch and I was pleased to be enjoying myself after a horrid drive and gotten drunk with a tenner!! Wicked!!
5	Had a Great Time here with my girl last night, as always great music and great drinks. It's a great place to kick back and relax and I just love looking at the architecture and the pictures on the wall, always something to watch. It's a Trendy and Hip nightspot.
5	The best bar in Vegas. Super chill, great atmosphere and great music!!!
3	This is a great little divey pub in the Freemont street area. It can get a little packed on the weekend, but it's gaming free, so it automatically gets a little love from me as a place to have a non-traditional Las Vegas experience.
4	Let me just start by saying that there are 3 experiences you can have at The Griffin. I came here with an old friend last Sunday, and we had a great time catching up in this comfortable and intimate old pub style bar. It is one of the lat few bastions to get a cheap beer without staring at a video poker machine.The 5 star experience is 10pm-2am Sunday-Thursday. During the late night happy hour, you can get in easily without waiting in line, you can almost always find a spot to lounge around with friends next to or near one of the 2 over-sized fireplaces in the center of the main room, and the bartenders are generally happy to have the business. $3 drafts is not uncommon, but $3 dogfish head drafts is. Well drinks are part of the happy hour as well, but I forgot and ordered a Blanton's Bourbon neat, which was $12. The patrons run the gamut from the resident hipsters and scenesters, to the Ed Hardy and Affliction clad middle age travelers trying to look and feel young by finding the "Local hangouts." During these times I would have no problem coming up here and finding someone at the bar to chat with. The juke box is great as so many people have mentioned...however, I'm not going to call it the best in town simply because the rotation is pretty small, only having maybe 30 albums.The 4 star experience is Friday & Saturday. It's much busier, and louder with more bartenders, which should mean faster drink service (but it doesn't) yet it is still better than most, and the GREAT selection of beers on tap and an amazing selection of bourbons, for me makes it worth the wait. The crowd is less diverse, and typically a little more standoffish and cliquey. There is usually a DJ in the back room. There is still typically not a wait to get in, but occasionally  you might have to stand a couple minutes out front, but inevitably there is a slow trickle over to Beauty Bar for those that want to dance.The 3 star experience is Post First Friday. The block between Downtown Cocktail and Beauty bar turns into the Emo version of the line outside Vanity or Pure. Expect a 15-30 minute wait to get in. Once you get in, those fireplaces that were once so cozy and inviting, are now being cursed because they are taking up valuable standing room. The bartenders are rarely happy to see you, and I was seriously told by one of the male bartenders once, "if you want drinks faster get a girl to order them." All of this being said, if you manage a seat or a great spot to post up, it is a great spot for crowd watching. If you are a guy with a subscription to Suicide Girls....This is the spot for you.If you are a girl into guys with ear gauges, tattoos, and beanies...This is the spot for you.I am none of these things, but I never have a bad time when i'm here.
3	An enchanting fire side lounge with interesting ceiling arches and comfy leather seating - sounds like the type of place you relax with friends, right ? Well, maybe I'm getting old but if there isn't a live band or karaoke going on then the music does not need to be screaming loud. I was yelling at my friend the whole time trying to talk and really couldn't just relax and enjoy. The music selection was good but seriously, I'll take my fancy beer and conversation elsewhere.
5	Great prices n never a cover.
4	This is a refreshing and new bar that you don't see anywhere in Utah.  Somewhat feels like your in an old cabin or something. Bar tenders seem nice and the drinks are big. Not to shabby!
5	You know its a great spot when you walk in and you smile. I love downtown Vegas and this is the perfect spot for so good drinking. I am almost getting thirsty now just thinking about it. Beers they have some great ones in the bottle and well they Have Pappys 20 year old Bourbon so what more could you ask for.
5	I can not wait to go back!  This was my first time there...I had heard the Griffin was a punk bar and had heard mixed reviews.  As a result, I didn't make a point of going there.  A friend of my husband's best friend was in town who wanted to go somewhere "punky".  This place immediately came to mind.  It was not at all what I expected!  I was so pleasantly surprised!  On top of it, everyone really enjoyed themselves! The lighting is great...the fire pits are really cool too!  Unlike the Peppermill's fire pits, it didn't feel hot in the Griffin.  Overall decor is really nice.  Low ceilings and dim lighting creates a really cozy setting.  They were playing really good alternative music.  Then we decided to walk to the back to check things out.  There was funky, techno-ish dance room!  What a random, unexpected, hidden treasure.  It was so cool because a bunch of random people were dancing together!  It made for a unique but really fun place!  Very good DJ too.The service was good...people drinking at the bar were all really friendly...drinks were reasonable.  I will 100% be going back!  I love what they are doing with the East Side of Fremont Street!  All of those businesses have really helped clean up that area and make it a great destination in Vegas!
5	Hipster haven for locals. Used to be a bit more low key, but still a great place to go out and feel like one of the cool kids. Reminds me of an east coast bar that you could walk into on any corner, know the local peeps and just chill, which is a far cry better than the feeling you get from actual corner bars like PT's out here. Was a little upset when the no longer served Boddington's but Old Speckled Hen is a good substitute.
5	Love the Griffin!  Great bar.  Love the dungeon/castle theme.  The bartenders are great.  Always very nice, and they serve excellent drinks!
5	No cover + cheap drinks + nice place + almost no tourists = good times!!I can see myself becoming a regular there.
4	Do you like PBR, ironic moustaches, and boys wearing girls jeans? Me too. But more than that, I like to people watch and The Griffin is so good for that pretty much any day of the week. Say what you will, but I'm a fan of the hipster subculture purely for the purposes of people watching. They have a decent happy hour and reverse happy hour and PBR is almost always the $1 special. The drinks are cheap to begin with and they don't skimp on the liquor. I don't come for the drinks though-I come to watch hipsters live ironically in their element and to me that's worth the hassle of a pushy crowd and smoke so thick you feel like you can take a bite out of it.Another great thing that I love about the Griffin is their jukebox. Hi, I'm a music snob. I don't listen to a lot of mainstream radio because it makes me want to vom, and the Griffin's jukebox for the most part has a lot of music that isn't making its round on top 40 stations. Everyone has different tastes though so this might not be your style, but if you're into independent labels then the Griffin has the jukebox for you.I've been coming to The Griffin for about 5 years now as a pre-cursor to first Friday, but it's always a great place to people watch no matter the night. It can get busy on the weekends, but there's ample seating, cozy fireplaces and a back room with additional seating a dance floor (or a standing around floor if you're too cool for that).Note: to use your credit/debit card you have to order a minimum of something like $20, which unlike most places in town is kind of hard to do at the Griffin because the drinks are so cheap. So either bring cash or be prepared to buy a round for friends (or strangers who then become friends) to meet the $20 minimum.
4	BEST JUKE EVA.People watching on the particular night my friends and I popped into this bar was highly entertaining, even for Vegas. A European bachelor party had just ripped through, featuring the groom-to-be, of course, equipped with a 3FOOTFISH strapped to his chest. Then they ritualistically threw it (the fish, not the man of honour) into one of the atmospheric little fireplaces located in the center of the bar. So the place reeked, but it was too funny to leave.Anyways, this spot beats the jiggy clubs on the strip by far.
4	Hellloooo hipster haven...I guess this is where the "cooler" kids flock to and hang out at? On a typical First Friday, expect this placed to be packed and lined up with the androgynous, 20-30 something males and females. I find the crowd quite amusing to look at because it's one of the few places in LV where it's a bit challenging to distinguish the difference between a male and a female. So, to all you single folks out there who prefer bigger sized guys, ya'll might be disappointed as many of the guys who are wearing tighter bottoms and are able to show off their goods don't have much to show...just sayin'...Let's be real here, it's a dingy looking place BUT they do a great job with the decor (cheap looking brick and lighting that doesn't come off cheesy). And while its appearance comes off a bit dingy to me, a degree of chic can be proclaimed as The Griffin's appearance is balanced out with the indie music scene. (And boy do I love indie!) I wonder why there isn't enough lighting because if you've had too much alcohol you could be dangerous to yourself and to others. It's definitely not the Blue Martini or Revolution Lounge etc., but damn, good times without having to look like some fake a*s beezy is a great time for me! So why the four stars? I like intimate, private, more local places with NO COVER. I can enjoy an alcoholic beverage in an atmosphere where I won't deal with very many b*tches and dicks. I am able to have intelligent/classy conversations with people who know WTF I'm talking about because let's face it, superficial BS (ie gossip/cars/hoes/money etc.) can get old FAST. They don't play top 40 BS and if they do it's VERY minimum. You also get the occasional 1960's hippie joining in the crowd, which I find awesome since seeing 20-30 somethings in plaid, emo styled hair, tight jeans can be BORRRING....:P Oh yeah, having a DJ and a small dance floor in the back is a nice touch as it provides opportunity to dance (even though it's music I don't tend to dance to...).
4	this bar was dope. i usually go for a dive bar but this place was right up my alley good beer on tap and cheap drinks the music was bad ass too but the room the dj was in looked like a gas chmber to me for some reason.. hahah definately will be back though =)
5	Throughly enjoyed myself at The Griffin. First positive was no cover charge in Vegas. I am so brainwashed by that that I almost wanted to pay anyways. Once inside I felt, as nerdy as this sounds, like I was in the Griffindor Common Room. The main room is dark with brick walls and wooden beams, but dominated by two large iron fire pits on the far ends of the room. It was crowded, but not uncomfortable, my group of nearly ten got seats right away. There is a nice selection of beer on tap. Always nice when I can get Dead Guy Ale. Stiff drinks were reasonable at 7 bucks, not the usual 9 bucks you pay in LA. My friend is a classic juke box hog, but he couldn't this time because it is filled with awesome indie music he knew nothing about. I know I'm getting old, but the crowd was diverse. I wasn't the oldest or youngest in there. There is also a back room with a small dance floor and a DJ blasting Euro House music. Not my style but, after a few pints and a couple Makers I couldn't get enough. Get away from the overpriced and overhyped Strip and go to The Griffin in Downtown Vegas. Definitely worth the cab fare and definitely going back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I don't like many things downtown but , this is one of my faves. It has my favorite elements for a lounge place to talk to friends or a date.1. dark2. comfy seats3. decent selection of drinks4. Not a lot of touristsIt has a great dungeon feel to it and reminds me a lot of the bars in Spokane (Catacombs especially) that have real brick and fireplaces. Yes there are a lot of hipster types but I guess being from Seattle I am pretty used to it and maybe even makes me feel at home.
3	I'm going to give The Griffin the benefit of the doubt for now, but I wasn't in love.  After reading and hearing about it, I was in pre-love: funky decor, great indie music, etc. What's not to like?  When we arrived (which was on the late side, and perhaps that was the issue for me), it was super crowded with no where to hang, no where to sit, and nothing all that special going on.  I feel like, had I come earlier when there was room to grab a table or a seat, I would've enjoyed the vibe and the people watching.  As it was, we walked in, walked about, and pretty much left soon after.  There was no reason to just stand there aimlessly.If I'm in the area, I'll try you again Griffin!!!
4	A regular bar near the Fremont zip line (yes, I did), with a fireplace, a hipster indie music scene, and a very un-Vegas crowd.  I felt like I was in San Francisco, and in Las Vegas, that can be an excellent thing.
5	Absolutely loved my experience at the Griffin.  It's the Las Vegas anti-strip.  Cheap drinks, great music and friendly people.  I mean seriously friendly people.  My wife and I would walk anywhere in the bar without someone striking up a conversation.  We had a blast.  So, so glad I ventured downtown.
4	We walked right into the Griffin with no cover on a Friday night. The place was packed and alive with energy. Unfortunately it was a little too packed for us to stay too long. No seats were left and we wanted to to hang out somewhere and catch up with some friends. We'll definitely be back so I can give it a all night of drinking stamp of approval.
5	If you don't like hipsters and indie music, you probably shouldn't come here. Though I begrudgingly shoot people the stink eye when they look @ me with judgmental eyes thinking to themselves, "look at the bangs on that hipster," I can't help but love this little gathering place for those who have an affinity for tight pants, wayfarers, tattoos, plaid, glasses, beards, and ironic mustaches. All of the times that I've hung out here, we haven't had a problem finding a place to sit. There is plenty of seating to go around, even when it is crowded, you can usually squeeze a butt cheek in some place. The bartenders are pretty attentive. And the bar backs swing by pretty frequently to clear off empty glasses and bottles. Of course, I can't fail to mention the jukebox. Yes. It's true. It has a pretty wonderful selection of music. Any bar that has Royksopp, the Stone Roses, Cold Cave, and Pains of Being Pure at Heart is a-okay in my book! And not that they aren't wonderful too, but one night we were there, someone thought it would be a great idea to play the ENTIRE Arcade Fire album. I'm sure that happens pretty often and that the employees at that bar want to permanently remove that album from their brains. The one complaint I have about this place is that it is 560 miles away from where I live. BOO. But that just gives me an excuse to come back, at least until I can somehow teleport this bar to my little neighborhood in northern California.
3	I had a good time at this place, people were very nice but it is nothing special.  It is geared more towards the locals....if you are looking for an experience this is not the place. If you are looking for a casual, fun time....come here
5	I really loved the griffin! Great locals pub with a nice selection of beer on tap and the waitress made me a delicious bloody mary :)
2	I just don't get this place?  Why drive to downtown Vegas for this bar?  No idea.  Drinks were not unusually cheap.  The decor was mediocre, nothing to write home about.  The music I guess was cool but to me, when you're going to a bar there's a lot more important things than the music they play.  If it really matters, have a house party and play your own itunes playlist, jeeze.  Not to mention the place was freakin small!  No pool tables, no shuffle board, nothing to make it stand out, nothing "as good as it gets" worthy... just the .... bar.  I read the reviews, I get it, most people seem to be all about the people that frequent this place.  Cool, well if that sells some people, then THEY can write the five star reviews.  Not me.  So, 2 stars it is and if I'm in the area I'll go across the street to Insert Coins where there's more stuff to do and a more upbeat vibe instead of sitting in some dark, small room watching people that all look alike feel "different" together.
5	I go here a lot, and if you are looking for a place to take your friends from out of town who wants to see the local spots I would suggest this place. It has a very good vibe. It could either be a very intimate setting or a very fun, casual place to go if you are looking for a place to sit down, talk, and enjoy the area. PLUS the drinks are cheap, and YES! they have HAPPY HOUR!
5	A refuge from the evil, evil Strip. What you will not see here:* Wrinkled khaki shorts* White athletic socks and obviously underused running shoes* Dumb baseball caps* Children* TV ScreensIn other words, perfect. Thanks for a nice home-away-from-home bar!
4	Good music, Great drinks and service. I like when they open the back room.... sometimes they'll have a DJ out back playing the 80's or sometimes they'll bring in local bands...It's awesome!!!!!
3	Drink Prices = Great!Noise Level = Too Loud!  (8pm)Staff = a little slowAmbiance = low light, nice romatic scene if not for the noise2nd Apperance = probably if the annoying jock isn't here!
4	After a disappointing trip to Downtown Cocktail Room (seriously, don't go there), The Griffin cured what ailed us.  The friendly crowd, cool hangout spots, room to sit, kickass music, and solid drinks brought our night to the correct level.  Thanks for saving our night and for the friendly staff and crowd!
4	For me, your Griffin experience all depends on the day and time of the week. I LOVE this place during the week and early evenings when it is more chill and relaxed. When you can grab a tasty beer, settle into a sofa, and have a conversation with someone, all while some subtle cool tunes in the background. It has an intimate and old school pub feel. It almost feels classy. The lighting is just right and the fire pits are cool.And then there's Friday and Saturday nights (especially on nights such as First Friday)... It gets so packed it becomes standing room only and you can barely navigate your way through the crowd to the restrooms. And the bartenders become kinda rude. And the music is turned up so loud, you have to practically scream just so the person standing right next to you can sorta hear you. Needless to say, I don't particularly fancy the experience on such nights.So, in conclusion, go when it's chill, not on a weekend. And the best part is that they have several good quality, unique beers on tap. Major bonus points for that.
4	This is a fun place to sit and have a drink with friends.  Loud music (good music) emminates so you have to lean in to chit chat...the decor is unexpected and different...very cool brick buttress-like structures frame the high ceilings, with old iron fixtures, giving it a very dungoen-like quality.  This was my second trip...first was a Friday night where it was less crowded.  This time Saturday night...very crowded, but lots of good energy.  Varied group of people.  Hard to get a drink as the bar was packed and difficult to approach.  However they did have people coming and cleaning up empty glasses, etc., so it was well taken care of.  Brick benches surround fireplaces, leather benches everywhere else with a lot of seating room...great place to hang out for a bit and have a cocktail.  (My mai tai was pretty strong...)
5	Made a point of coming here again Friday night. This is a great way to end a night on Fremont. The place is really dark and the drinks are really stiff. They also have a cute little dance club in the back with a spastic DJ.
4	Possibly the coolest bar in Vegas. You'll feel like you're in a European country in the 16th century being here. Brick walls, lanterns, and caged fire pits create unique ambiance. It does have one huge downfall though: the pint glasses aren't refrigerated. Tapped beer is just barely cold enough to enjoy. Tragic, because otherwise this is about as good as bars get.It's also worth noting that on Fridays and Saturdays the place is so packed you'll have a hard time moving around. You're basically relegated to standing and brushing shoulders with strangers from beginning to end
5	What can I say? I love this place.  Arguably the best bar in town for locals.  The minute you walk through that awkward heavy red curtain you can almost always be assured of a fun night.  You really never know what's going to happen when you go to this place.  I've met many new people here, the atmosphere really is quite friendly and the jukebox is mythical.  That's really what makes this place so great, this archaic jukebox that always turns the place into a sequel to Jumanji.  It's dead on a Tuesday evening.  Like a zoo on the first Friday of the month.  If I could take a friend or group for drinks anywhere downtown this is the place.
5	Great place to chill out and have a cocktail with friends.  Prices are fantastic.  Definitely will hit again.
3	whats a more appropriate way to celebrate the death of lord voldemort by grabbing a few drinks through The GRIFFIN DOORr.  [GET IT?  ITS A HARRY POTTER PUN!  SHUT UP I'M FUNNY]i wish i brought my viking hat.  i'd probably fit in more.  not saying this bar's crowd is a bunch of vikings...but the decor felt perfect for a barbarian.alas...my vodka tonic SUCKED.  it was more of a vodka vodka.  and the DJ that night SUCKED as well.  he'd use a single sample within a 10 minute time span over his music with alot of beat drops and ear bleedingly high high-hats.  then when it was a song the crowd actually recognized, he'd mute it so we can sing along, then turn the volume back OFF BEAT completely interrupting my natural rhythm.i'd come back though.
3	The Griffin is an odd place. I don't know how to explain it other than that, here's why!1. There's never a cover, yeah!2. When you enter the bar, there's a black velvet curtain you must open.3. Once, the curtain is open, you feel like you're in a cave. It's VERY VERY dark in there.4. There is plenty of casual seating, but you must go up to the bar for cocktails.5. There really isn't music playing in the main bar area.6. In the back, there is a dance floor and a DJ. 7. Th DJ spins anything from indie rock to house to the latest craze dub step.8. This is a man bar. If you're trolling for dudes (or a boyfriend for the night) hit up the Griffin.9. The drinks are a little pricey, but this has become the norm for downtown (between Las Vegas Blvd and Sixth Street).10. The darkness of the place makes me feel a little depressed.11. It's super packed on the weekends.12. It's also kind of damp in there.13. 1/3 of the guys in this place all wear plaid. For serious.So, that's my thoughts on the Griffin. Word.
5	The Griffin is easily my favorite place in Vegas. There's never a cover, if you get there before midnight you can almost always find lounge space for you and your group, and they have the most convenient happy hour I've encountered in the city (10-11 pm $3 well drinks & $1 PBR). The bartenders are always super fast and make the drinks extra strong, which is always a great thing. They have a jukebox with current indie and EDM artists, which is one of my favorite parts about the bar, other than the Hogwarts-esque ambiance. I love that I feel transported into a different place very time I walk through the curtain. I always drag my friends downtown to The Griffin on a dull night :)
3	As far as bars go in the Fremont East District I believe The Griffin to fall into the "okay" category.Things that I love about The Griffin are the dark, moody atmosphere set off by flickering firelight and velvety curtains and booths. It's almost, should I say, comfortable to sit down here and sip a few cocktails or beers or wines or whatever suits you.And then there are things I am not in love with here; the minimum bar tab in order to use a card (silly in my opinion) and the often funky smell coming from the bathroom area. The evil ATM in the back that charges an arm and a leg to take money from my own bank. Oooo, I hate those things so much.When I'm on one of those "hit up" numerous bar nights I usually do like to slip into The Griffin for a bit, but if I'm just heading down to one bar, I'll probably go somewhere else.
5	Among one of my favorite places to go Downtown, the Griffin will probably become one of yours too.  Coming in, you pass through this thick velvet curtain and into this dark like castley/dungeonous bar.  Here you will see some cool fire places (you can cozy up around) and you'll get a sort of medieval vibe from the set up.  Inside you will not find kings or queens hanging about, but your standard hipster & indie kids being loud & throwing back drinks with awesome music playing from their jukebox; not that you have to be either one of those types of kids to enjoy this place.Their beer selection is awesome. Great draft beers & a bunch more by the bottle.  Sometimes they have a dj set up in their backroom where they could be playing anything from 80's music, indie-electro, or hip-hip.  Atmosphere is great, bartenders know their beers and are super friendly, and they play great music. What more can you ask for?   Maybe a unicorn? :) I kid.
4	Very comfortable spot with a great drink selection, especially the beers on tap. I love the dungeon vibe in here, even though the brick is a facade. In fact, that's the only reason I'm taking a star off. I can pretend it's real, but would it kill this city to invest in authentic building materials? First styrofoam covered in marble and now this. When I review Grimaldi's in Summerlin, I'll be sure to deduct a star for their fake brick too. But I digress...
4	Great experience at the Griffin. Good music, good bartendars, and nice atmosphere!
4	Want a stiff drink? then come here. The place is so cozy especially during winter time with the firepits in the middle. Dark, awesome booths & a great atmosphere. Go to Sean ( Boy with glasses & tons of tattoos) He'll get you feeling proper.
5	Warm and cozy fireplaces. Plenty of room to cozy up with your company.Great drinks and very cool atmosphere. I highly recommend if you want a nice departure from The Strip.
2	I checked this place out on a Saturday around 11pm thanks to Yelp. Its surrounded by about 5 other bars, which you may want to go to. Walked in with a friend, there was about 75 men and 8 ladies. We pretty much turned around and walked back out. You can get that ratio at any pub in Vegas. Dark, older, bench seats, it wasnt impressive at a glance.
4	Very cool. Wander a bit down Fremont Street and give yourself a few minutes to adjust to the darkness and you will be rewarded. This is a comfortable lounge that's unique and different from a lot of the touristy, brightly lit, hot spots. Feels like a locals type joint, which it might be for all I know.
5	I felt like I was in Ireland. The fireplaces. The good music. Good looking people too, I might add. And the best is no cover!!!!!!!!!!! Good drinks as well. Check this place out!
5	Everytime I am downtown I have to hit up the Griff-  Nice atmosphere and wonderfully strong drinks! It does get a bit smokey inside- Great place to chill with friends or with your BF/GF on date nights. Another big +plus+  is No Cover.
4	What can I say ? Viva Griffen.
5	This is my all-time favorite bar in Vegas.  The pricing is super reasonable, the bartenders are attentive, the security staff is on point, the music is awesome, and the drinks are strong.  Johnny makes the best raspberry martinis in all of Vegas by the way.  When I go out-out, it's definitely out to Fremont East and the Griffin always sits on the list.
5	Every time I think of a place in Providence as a hipster haven, I remind myself of what it's like in NY or LA where hipsters grow like fucking weeds in soil made of irony and stale PBR. It seems like the area of Freemont St away from the Freemont Street Experience has become the hipster haven of Vegas. I'm not sure if these are bars frequented by locals, or if this is where every hipster from LA comes to spend their time when in Vegas. Now I know "hipster" is one of those terms no one self-applies - so when you call someone a hipster or some place a hipster bar you're usually likely to get an argument. But seriously, sincerely, this bar couldn't be more hipster if it grew an old-timey mustache and gushed to its friends about the coolest newest food truck no one knows about yet.This being said, I actually like The Griffin. Granted, as a man's man in my mid-thirties I'm probably the oldest and biggest person in the place. But the scrawny little vegans don't bother me, and I don't bother them. The drinks are good, and they have some cheap beer that I imagine is the Vegas version of my beloved Narragansett and Iron City. The place has a bunch of fire pits in it, which seems like an odd architectural choice but makes for a great atmosphere. Dark and moody yet warm and cozy at the same time. If you can get a seat there are some great couches. The interior is designed to look like some sort of medieval dungeon or colonial wine cellar - which is weird because from the outside the place is clearly neither (a one story building does not need those types of arches for support). The brick and the archways are clearly fake - which just makes me wonder what this place was BEFORE it was The Griffin? Was it some cheesy dungeon/haunted house attraction? Was it a goofy heavy metal club? Who would invest in so much fake brick?Anyway, as much as I hate hipsters, I dig The Griffin. I like downtown better than The Strip, and sometimes I like going to a bar that's not in the middle of a casino. Being at The Griffin just feels like I'm in any other town hanging out with my friends - and that's nice even when (or especially when) you're in Sin City.
5	IN LOVE! Favorite Vegas Bar of all time!We need to move this to philly ASAP! Ahhh this place just brings back such great memories.....Just when I thought I couldn't take Vegas for one more day this place saved me. I had my favorite time in Vegas here. Oh and the beer was pretty cheap. I believe we paid like 5 bucks for craft beer, when I'd been paying way more than that for crap beers on the strip!It is a very intimate dim dark place but there are a ton of firepits which make you feel all warm and cozy inside. This place just feels like home with the hipsters and micro brews and of course PBR. It wouldn't be philly-like without PBR! Oh and the dark made it a wonderful place for a whole lot of PDA.... not really into that kinda thing but the free shows were fun to talk about! FYI -There is smoking, which isn't allowed in Philly, but is found everywhere in Vegas. The only reason we found out about this place is through a few locals (eternally grateful to you) who we met in another bar. So from what I gathered it is one of the few places left that is mostly locals.If I had one regret it is that I only came here once because of the $20 cab ride to get there and another $20 to get back to the strip. If I wasn't on crutches I would have done the bus or something because this place was well worth it!Well done The Griffin well done!
4	This is a total hipster dufus hangout.  Love the dark atmosphere, love the cheap drinks during happy hour.    I was a fan of the firepits, it really makes a little cozy atmosphere where you don't feel so judged by all the kids wondering how old you really are. No cover, and a good jukebox.   Just to toy with the younguns that were kinda toasty next to us, we put on the entire Foreigner 4 Album, which was  I believe a leftover from before they switched the jukebox to Indie.    I was not, I repeat, not the Jukebox Hero of our neighbors, but we sent them a round after just to show them non hipster oldies can be cool too. Enjoy this off the Fremont Street Experience.  It's a great place.
2	Went on a Friday night. No room to sit and there's nothing lounge about that. The vodka selection was lacking and pricy for Vegas. Tons of hipsters but whatever. Finding parking in the area was refreshingly a breeze. Dimly lit but could have been even more so quite frankly. I'd be willing to go back at a less crowded time.
4	This place is across the street from Insert Coin(s). Definitely a different vibe. This bar has more of an old-school feel to it, with brick walls, a fireplace (WARMTH!!!) and leather couches/seats. It's quiet; a really good place for conversation, maybe a date or a place to start off the night.
3	You can't miss the Griffin with its distinctive neon sign out front.  Once inside, it continues with the Olde English theme with an equally distinctive interior that conjures up images of a medieval castle or at least a medieval pub.  It's truly one of the more unique bars in which I've stepped foot.  On this particular Thursday night, the Griffin was virtually empty with all of the seating around the spacious room unoccupied.  Perhaps it was still too early in the evening or it was just a "school night".  No matter, we joined the handful of other patrons at the bar.  We asked our bartender (a slender, quite attractive, brunette with an arm-length sleeve of tats) if they had a cocktail list.  She chuckled and said "no".  With that out of the way, we proceeded to take an alternate route with regards to our drink selection.  Although the Griffin doesn't do cocktails, they have an extensive selection of quality spirits and are quite capable of pouring a very good small batch bourbon...neat.  The Griffin also has a very solid lineup of beers, most being micros, on tap.  While not a particularly large draft beer selection, it had quality.  If you're looking for handcrafted cocktails like we were, then the Griffin is not your place.  If you're just looking to get your drink on, then the Griffin will do just fine.
4	This is a fun bar in Las Vegas, it is like stepping into a dungeon or something out of Harry Potter. The main room has massive fire pits with brick seating next it. In the back there is a dance floor where you find all kinds of music being played. It has hipsters, old schoolers, skaters, and other random people. The beers are kind of pricy, but it is a fun time! Being from Chico, CA...they have some hard to find Sierra Nevada Beers on tap, so I always stop in for one of those, and there is never a cover.
5	It's pretty rare that I give out a full 5 stars to a venue, but this has to be one of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas. I especially love showing this place to folks who have never been there before because it's so different on the inside than it appears to be on the outside.From the exterior: low, squat building, no windows, security out front. You enter through a rounded archway and BAM! Just like that you're in something that could easily be in Prague, New York, or Los Angeles. Dark wood, fireplaces, specialty cocktails, locals, cheap STRONG drinks. It's totally amazing...you owe it to yourself to try it!
5	I love this place! Dark & cozy, the drinks are cheap and the Bartender rocks!
2	The bartenders are efficient, cool under pressure, crafty with their words, and their arms are full of verbs when they're making drinks. And how about the atmosphere? Warm, posh, relaxed. Man, are the lights down low in here. This place is so dark it makes a mausoleum look brighter than the floodlights at Wrigley Field. If you were a hitman you could probably cut your time in half. As uniquely cool as this place is - fireplaces and darkly lit corridors? What, are we drinking at the Hearst castle? - the clientele can be a little unnerving. Take, for instance, the alpha male who was wearing his girlfriend as a belt buckle at the table next to us. While he was rubbing his girlfriend down like he was cleaning the window of a car, he decided, against his best interest, to poke fun of one of my friends for wearing glasses of all things. Meanwhile, his girlfriend, who was wearing jean shorts the size of a diner napkin, was supporting his behavior. Other patrons in the bar were equally as damning, sadly, as one guy even clipped me with his arms at the bar. You don't need to imitate the wingspan of a terradactyl to order a drink. Between the prehistoric cosplay and the jock from Revenge of the Nerds I probably wont go back to this place. Sucks, too, because the bartenders are choice.
4	This review is based solely on the atmosphere, we ended a downtown pub crawl here so at this point not much drinking left to do (although I did enjoy my vodka-tonic) so we just sat and chatted here.  I like the atmosphere as it's all nice and cozy which greatly contrasts with the bitter cold found outside at the time.  A friend compared it to a ski lodge with all the bricks and fireplaces and who am I to argue?  The bartender was nice, the other people were cool,  and our time here was enjoyable.  This may be a bar I frequent often as the temperature lowers.
4	This place is a major breath of fresh air for Vegas. So different than most bars in Vegas. It has a very dark and cozy decor with comfy couches around fireplaces. In the back room is an even darker dance floor with a DJ mixing up some of the finest cuts from the 90's, music that almost always sets the scene for good times. The bar had a pretty good selection of microbrews from around the country, not very typical for a Vegas bar. Can't wait to get back to Vegas and spend more time here!
4	To the Vegas raised, the Griffin is a God send from the cold. The dark brick den like atmosphere is warmed by many fireplaces positioned down the center of the room. Along the bar there are many stools and comfy booths to sink into everywhere else. The jukebox was broken. The tunes that are spinning are too obscure for the likes of me, but I can see why the younger crowd of hipsters were into it. A friend just bought a condo downtown and we were out celebrating. The Griffin is one of the only places open on Sunday, but that was ok. I would choose this bar over most of the others downtown anyways. The liquor selection is vast and the line of whiskey/scotchs warms the soul.
4	This is where I usually go when visiting downtown. The atmosphere is great. I think its what makes this place. Its dark with a fireplaces and brick walls. There is also a dance floor and dj in the back. Last time I got a pretty rude bartender though. Only negative thing I have to say.
4	Heavy pour mix drinks and a darn good selection of beers.Service is usually sluggish, so bring a flask, your patience and a hot girl to get the bartenders attention, or you may NEVER get a drink.Music choices are hit or miss.It's a good atmosphere, with great features, but this draws large crowds, makes it hard to find a seat and the music is geared toward a "certain" crowd.
4	The Griffin has a great cave-like atmosphere with 360 degree (angle not temperature) fireplaces and comfortable group seating.  The bar has reasonable midwest type prices and a great selection of tap beer.  The bartenders have always been friendly even though I usually drink Hamm's like the cheap drunk I am.  The juke box is full of new wave and punk classics.  Well Done.
3	The Griffin is the perfect spot.. in the winter.. when you've grown your beard.. and you've picked out your favorite lumberjack flannel.. and when you're rockin' the Tims.. and when you're feelin' for some hot buttered rum.. or when your just feeling downright abominable snowmanish!  The hipster pub felt lodgy with dark brick decor and firepits.  Being that we're in the desert, I just don't see myself coming here in the summertime when the Vegas night breeze feels like a blowdryer to your face.. hence the 3 stars.  The crowd was hot, the bartenders were fun, but i don't think i'll be coming back until my Yukon Jack starts to set in and i'm feelin' on huntin' me sum wabbit!  See yalls next Christmas!
4	Ended up in the Griffin from around 10:30pm on a Thursday night and was impressed. For me it had the feel of a popular English countyside pub. Cosy, dim lit, sociable and very relaxing. Everything just felt right there, as if they had hit on a formula that worked for them and their customers and hadn't tried to reinvent themselves every two years.Its good that the seating areas overlap, so you can mingle with olthers if you want, or keep yourslves to yoursleves. Music seemed good if unremarkable, and the general feel was a place for people to drink and relax. Door staff were very friendly and helpful to 'out of towners' like us. Definitley a place to flake out and sup a couple,of beers and talke to some other friendly people who frequent.
5	The Griffin has it all.  For a low-key night, hit the place up during the week.  Relax in the fire-lit ambiance and amber haze that fills the front room of this downtown hotspot.  Drinks are reasonably priced and for the imbibers, you'll find they are also heavy handed on the pour.  Wednesday nights usually feature some local talent in the back room, where couches and bar stools frame the stage/dance floor.  Not the best place if you believe in Thirsty Thursdays and are down to party, but that's only because the DJ's don't come out until the freakin weekend!  Friday through Sunday, The Griffin opens its back doors to a DJ set that blares from 11:00 p.m. to 4 a.m. depending on how strong the party goes on.  They recently added some interesting lights to the party atmosphere, giving you the impression that you've gone from a speakeasy into a club meant for south beach, minus the sun, surf, and sand.  Not feeling the cheap vibe, but the music can be good, so I deal.  If you're a woman, and it's a busy night, and nature begins calling, you may find yourself sh*t outta luck...literally.  There are only three stalls and very little waiting space, so you can get backed up in there pretty easily.All in all, this is my go to spot on a night that started off good and is itching for great.  In the heart of Fremont East, so if you find yourself down there and want to take a walk to kill some time before the fun happens, you have plenty of fun walking space down the Fremont Street Experience.And if you like the vibe of this place but are tired of going their every weekend, check out The Artifice over by downtown and 3rd.
3	I have always heard of the Griffin, but don't really spend much time downtown, so never had occasion to visit. I don't know what I was expecting, but it was definitely... interesting! Dark, cavernlike, with lots of low chairs and tables. I didn't know what music was playing, but that was also interesting. The drinks were pretty reasonably priced, and the bartender made us a yummy round of Gummy Bear shots.  I never got the sense that this was "my" crowd, but if I'm in the Downtown area again, I might stop by.
3	Low-key, for Vegas, especially during the week.  This place was the preferred post-meeting wind-down spot when I frequented the city on work.  The lights are low, there's fireplace seating, there's good drink specials, decent draughts.  Its the rare bar in Vegas that is free of slots and noise. Closer to the weekend, the place loses most of its charm.  The small quarters cease feeling intimate and get packed enough to feel claustrophobic.  The bartenders are still generous (again, by Vegas standards), but its hard to get service.  The crowd feels like it is overflow from the Fremont Street Experience - drunk and ready to partyyyy.  Which is, you know, fine - but at that point, it doesn't feel much different that the casino bars a block away.There's also a weird, calculated feel to the place.  In a city whose economy is based on constructing atmosphere, that's not unique to the Griffin.  I wasn't surprised when it turned out that the place is actually an LA transplant.  Its not franchise-y on a Ruby Tuesday's level, but its still got a bit of that "target demo" vibe.
4	Dark, cozy, and hipster - well, yes that is how I like my men, but it's also how I like my bars as well. The Griffin is certainly all of these things. For months, I had heard about the Griffin from so many of my coworkers, but it was only until my final days in Vegas was I able to love the place at firsthand.Firepits, large tapestries, inviting booths and the best of indie-rock playing above? What else could make a place better? Oh that's right, the alcohol! And alcohol they do have - in fact, lining the entire bar is a mass array of various liquors. Their beer selection is impressive too with all the standard favorites and ones I'd never think would come to fruition. The Griffin isn't what you'd expect to find in Vegas. It's a hipster's paradise set in some abandoned cabin up in the mountains. Well, that is, until you walk outside and realize it's probably only 60 degrees, and you're in the midst of a desert. But hey, at least you still have the boundless numbers of hipsters.
5	This is a great Lounge, laid back and chilled down. Very cool Hipster crowd, and lots of fun. The music was a bit loud, but it was really good....they were jamming lots of M 83 which was cool. The fire pits are nice on a cool night too. If you need a cool joint to hang in, this is it have a blast!!
5	I dig this place.  Unfortunately I've only been a couple of times and everyone else seems to dig it to so it's jam packed.  Can't blame them, the Griffin is definitely a good time.Love the little firepits...I get cold no matter where I am.  PANSY STATUS FOLKS.And the back room is way cool.  Did I see one or two bands play back there?  Can't remember; BUT, I bet they were not bad at all ;).I think the service is pretty quick.  I don't remember waiting for very long, I didn't even wait very long to get in.Anyway, if you're looking to chill downtown and don't mind a crowd, Griffin's your place.
4	I LOVE DOWNTOWN LAS VEGAS, so many BEST KEPT SECRETS & The Griffin does not disappoint. I went here because one of my friends were spinning a set at the Griffon so I decided to check it out. Its secret-ness look from the outside made the place seem more underground I love it!The Walk through/ front door: Total mind trick I swear, in front of The Griffin is a bouncer, this bouncer reminds me of those old movies where you tell the door man a secret password so he lets you in. First room: When you first walk in (I went on a Saturday) The first room (I did not know their were 2 rooms) was a narrow lounging room filler with hipsters and frat college guys. The music was not what I thought it would be kind of mellow but not EDM (dance music which was what my friend was spinning)Second room: so I decided to keep walking to the back of the Griffon and OMG to my surprise. There was a second room and this room was where the party was at. I swear the rooms must be sound proofed because the second room was loud and packed with EDM hipsters jamming. I loved every second. Only bad thing the place was crazy packed.
4	Having already made our way through a handful of hotel bars, my buddies and I found ourselves where the "touristy" drag of Fremont Street ends and where the "real" Fremont Street begins.  As in, the dive bars and spots locals are more apt to go to (that is, according our friend who lives out in Vegas now).Without a clue of where to go, we decided to check out The Griffin after seeing a bunch of people heading in its direction.  Good enough for them...good enough for us!  Once we made our way through the door and past the heavy black drape, it was like stepping into a whole different world.  I could try to describe it on my own, but I think Yelper Diana S. captured it perfectly, "It's a hipster's paradise set in some abandoned cabin up in the mountains."  Honestly, I'm not sure I could have described it better myself.The bar is dark and dimly lit, with firepits/heaters scattered amongst the booths of couches.  With its warm wood decor, The Griffin definitely gives off the feel of being in a cabin somewhere...even with the rock music pumping through the speakers.  The bar is well stocked with liquors and beers you've heard of and others that you haven't, and the bartenders know how to use all of them well.  Certainly didn't hurt that the prices were relatively friendly too, especially compared to what we would have had to pay if had we stayed around the Strip.Since the place started getting a lot busier after we arrived (and it was busy enough already when we got there), my friends and I ended up leaving after just a couple of rounds.  Had we stayed longer though, maybe we would have discovered the backroom that we could have retreated to instead!  In any case, The Griffin was an awesome find that's quite different than the chic and trendy clubs on the strip...albeit crowded and full of hipsters (instead of college kids).  Just like some of the joints in SF!
4	A classic locals' bar. Though it's off the Fremont St. "Experience" and in wonderful gritty old downtown Vegas, it's totally fun and safe down there. I actually prefer to party downtown than on the Strip, though I usually end up doing a mix of both. The Griffin looks pretty average on the outside, and the inside is a nice surprise. It's very dimly lit with fireplaces and rich brown woods and leather... I think. It's so dark and brown and sexy in there. Most people seem to be wearing nice but casual clothes, nothing really sloppy. They don't really have a dress code but maybe you'll feel better if you're not wearing your hole-y jeans. It's not a dive, but the prices are low. I remember my friend and I both being surprised when told the total, which I don't remember. But it was certainly no price-gouging.The bartender was a chick with a lot of tattoos and she was really nice and made my drink perfectly. I met a couple of the worst dudes I've ever met in a bar while I was there though, but that's totally not The Griffin's fault. I love where this place is, they do a great job with the atmosphere inside, the staff is great, the drinks and selection of beers are nice and you won't go broke over a couple of drinks. Make a night of it and go to Insert Coins across the street and maybe hit up a few other places on Fremont or do $3 blackjack at the El Cortez! I love downtown Vegas nights :)
4	Since I moved to Vegas last Oct, I've come to The Griffin about a dozen times. I remember most of them! I know for a fact, and got pictures to show it, that I did fall asleep once there (drunk really!) and so for that night I won't write.I totally dig the guys at the entrance, they are like pitbulls, tough on the outside and nice on the inside. Surprisingly, they seem to remember me now every time I go there and so it makes me feel somewhat special. Because let's be honest, if you expect to be recognized at the entrance of any club/bar/lounge in Las Vegas, it will take more money than I will ever make!The Griffin though is a dark-ish, underground-ish, grungy kind of place. Just the way I like it. The fire-pits seem like a great place to make out (I haven't had a chance to do that yet!). The booths and sitting areas are inviting; even though the previous customers' old glassware and bottles may lay around for a while before someone comes to "clean up".Since I quit smoking (Jan '11) I now notice how smokey places are. Here in Vegas it is very common, and The Griffin is one of the smokey places. But hey, you'll just have a sexy voice the next day! I gotta say the bartenders make some of the best Long Island Ice Teas I've had in Vegas, and who can remember how much it was? Not me... I do remember that a Grand Marnier neat is more than $10. I never pay much attention to the music as I'm usually involved in some random conversation with some of the other Griffin regulars. However, the back room, is like a little nightclub in its own. I like it there! The DJs are normally spinning some awesome electronic music and I even found one night of retro 90s new wave taking me back to my teenage nighclub escapades.This is one of those places I can bring any kind of person and I recommend it to all my friends.
3	Pretty cool bar,in the older part of vegas.nice & dark in there just the way i like it. It was pretty chilly when we stumbled upon this joint and wat was cool was that they a couple of fireplaces in between the lounges to warm ur knickers.
5	What a cozy little place in the heart of downtown Las Vegas, I was skeptical coming here because I thought I'd stick out like a sore thumb....guess I just had a preconceived notion of the peeps that hang out here and maybe I wouldn't be invited to the clubhouse. I have to be honest, I don't love downtown Las Vegas, except for the Golden Nugget. Parking was a little sketchy, I parked in a lot for $5, I was alone so I didn't want to walk to far. The bouncer at the door was involved in a convo about his gf with another fella, so I slid by with no rude attitude that happens a lot in town. I was blown away when I walked in. I loved loved loved the dark wood and the brick that adorned the inside, I felt like I was in an old European church or out of a scene of Angels & Demons, the fireplace was a nice touch. The crowd was so different, there was even a group playing chess, I wish I knew how to play, they looked like they were having so much fun!I paid $7 for my honey jack which I don't think is outrageous and the staff was friendly. My friends and I agreed we would definitely come back here.
5	Nice bar for drinks away from the typical Vegas brouhaha. Love the cool vibe, friendly 'tenders, and live music scene.  Downtown is alive and kicking again and this place rocks it!
4	The Griffin is a great spot to hangout if you're a local,  But if you're an out of towner, then this might be a place to go, if you've been to the usual Vegas Bullshit. I prefer going here than those bullshit, overpriced clubs on the strip.  Because only moron tourists like to spend money like, stupid idiots!! So save money and have more fun!! than spending stupid cash on the LasVegas Strip.  Suck me Las Vegas!!! I live here, and I know your GAME BITCH!!!
4	Yay i finally made it here! I heard  a lot of fun things.Parking is a bitch. Well its downtown. Its either street parking and walking and hoping not to get shanked jk or parking and paying $5. Which is not that bad because in LA is $20 for parking hahaOnce you get by the big huge manly bouncers that look like tatooed WWE wrestlers you enter to a medival S and M chamber. Minus the sex chains and shakles. SOOOOO fun!Pricewise honestly it is one of the better bars, you wont pay $15 for one drink here like at all the other strip places that take tourist $$Thank god for being  a local girl :) and it hat SO many hot big guys there.Please, big guys, go there!! No more metro guys
2	Felt like a college bar.. Nothing special at all.. save your time....
4	Good drinking bar for those who like good drinking bars. Dark, more dark and darker still, its interior is either straight from the 1970s - I described in as "the sort of bar one could see in the show 'Charlie's Angels' during the Farrah Fawcett era" - or constructed to look like such. Either way, it's a huff of smokey air in the pre-fab, "let's have consumer-driven fun" world of Las Vegas. The enclosed, circular fireplace in the center of the first room is a nice touch and, along with the votive candles on the tables, a good source of light. If you're anti-hipster (whether patron or staff), this probably isn't the place for you, since a chunk of the crowd and the workers are dressed in dark clothing and sneaker-shod, have varying degrees of body art, slouch, smoke and possess a disaffected stare. Like Don't Tell Mama, this place is much easier to access if you start early (around 8 or 9 p.m.), especially on the weekend. While there are available street spots in this part of downtown, many of the reviews mention using a pay lot; this wasn't an issue for us, as we were staying at the El Cortez, just down the street and the hotel had ample parking in its structure. Please note that there was a supposed credit card minimum when we were in on Saturday, 5/19/12, which was $15, so my friend bought a shot. The crowd seemed neither friendly nor unfriendly and the noise level was low enough to accommodate conversation (again, remember we were here between 9 and 10 p.m. on a Saturday). Good jukebox with indie stuff - big surprise! - and no cover make this a no-brainer, especially for someone who opts for a downtown hotel stay instead of the strip. Remember to venture past the first room, especially if the bar is crowded, because this seems to be where the action is on busy nights.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE. Perfect place to go after work. $2 Hamm's on happy hour? Not sure what other specials they have. Super laid back. GREAT juke box. And for the most part, just a bunch of young professionals. CUT TO THE WEEKEND. Holy mother of god. Trendy USA. still fun! the drinks get a little pricey, but hey, welcome to vegas. at least they pour a strong one.  THEN GO TO THE BACK and it's a club scene? or closest to one i have ever been...It gets REALLY packed at nights/weekends. Parking is a nightmare, of course. But worth it. Inside is amazing. Ornate brick ceilings, fire pits. NO GAMING MACHINES. it's like a real bar. can you imagine? in vegas. no gaming. unheard of. The weekends I do go downtown, I always make a stop here. Try to get there early to get a seat so you don't have stand around getting pushed over by excited hipsters in fedoras and ironic scarves.
4	Dimly-lit, cozy bar in downtown Vegas.  Sit by one of the two fireplaces with a nice cocktail and the troubles of the outside world will melt away...
5	My favorite bdar off the Strip in Vegas. It's not a dive, it's not upscale, it's just right. Even though it can get crowded at times, just like any bar on a Friday or Saturday night, we always seem to get a place to sit with friends. The feeling of being in a castle comes to mind when I'm here. It has dark brick and wood ceilings, two very nice round fireplaces (one on each end), and even a separate back room for dancing and moving your feet while the folks in the front are doing their "chill" thing.There is a good selection of spirits and I always find a great bourbon/whiskey here.
4	Very cool atmosphere!  Loved the stone columns and fireplaces, dark wood, and brick.  Felt very cozy.  I only gave it four stars simply because my drink was too strong (cranberry and vodka).  My apologies to those who believe this may actually be worth bonus stars.  Ha!We took my step-daughter and niece to hang out downtown and do a little bar hopping.  Very cool place!
4	I haven't been to Freemont Street in years.  The mister and I decided to have a date night checking out the sights.  I had wanted to check out the local bars and The Griffin was one of them.The Griffin was a nice chill lounge bar.  The crowd was laid back.  The decor was nice, very masculine and dimly lit.  It is a good spot to just take a breather from the hustle and bustle of Fremont.
4	Cool place!  Dark, dungeon-type atmosphere.  Live music in the back room, oldschool jukebox, drinks were good.  Would definitely come back!
5	If I were a Vegas local, this is where I'd drink.  Hipster vibe, off the strip, mostly locals, live music and in an almost ski lodge atmosphere.
4	Strong pours, intimiate setting with fireplaces, and filled with downtowns best looking group... what more could you ask for? Although this is my favorite place to come downtown I have 1 slight issue with the female bar staff. They are rude & condensending. But I guess that doesnt keep people away.My suggestion? Sit at a table, deal with the cocktail servers instead :)
4	The ambiance of the Griffin is very unique. I like how another Yelper put it, that it almost feels like your in a castle. The fire places, the brick walls, etc., it is very dark and mysterious, but never ever alone. There are always people gallivanting about like they are in their royalty. Its quite entertaining. I enjoy it. The alcohol/beer selection is on the up and up. I love having a Kronenbourg when I am in the presence of mysterious folk. Downfall I tend to hate is how AWFUL the women's bathroom can get. Its like the dungeon in the castle with puke all over the place and towels and toilet paper strewn across everything. Blah. Not my thing. I tend to try and hold my liquor as much as possible when attending this kingdom of drunken peasants. Robin and Sean are the only two bartenders I ever see and they are hilarious and always on top of their game. They are the talented and  attractive jesters of the mighty Griffin. If you havent been, just go be a royal peasant for a night...or two..or three. The whole weekend might just be your thing.
4	Vegas is a funny city. It's a place people go to escape... And the various hotel/club/casino concepts help you to escape even further and transport you to places like Venice or Paris. The Griffin serves as an escape for locals - making them feel like they might actually be in a "normal" town with more than 100 years of history. This quickly became my beloved bar while I lived in Vegas. It was a nice change of pace from the clubs on the strip and it drew a crown of decently cool people (for Vegas).I was sad to learn that venue is a chain. Upon moving to LA, I saw the same iconic Griffin neon sign whilst driving down Los Feliz blvd. Sure enough, it was exactly the same bar - down to the cathedral ceilings and fire pits. In Vegas, nothing is original... So what was I expecting?Aside from not being as one-of-a-kind as it seems, it is a very cool bar that offers locals a more "real" vibe away from the contrived Las Vegas strip. Upon walking past the bouncer and through the velvet curtains, you get a sense that you could be in Prague or Stockholm in one of those cool underground cellar bars. Additionally, it probably has the best selection of imported beer and cider you can find anywhere in the city.
5	I couldn't stop loving this bar if I tried.  I always meet interesting people there, and there is always a good vibe.  My only complaint would be the lack of mint at the bar, which precludes me from having a mojito.  Get with the program, Griffin!
5	This place does not feel like it belongs in Vegas (except for the EDM playing in the back, but let's not talk about that). It feels like it is from some otherworld, where places don't outlive their usefulness or trendiness and then get imploded. I wax sentimental, but this place is really enjoyable in the neon sea. I read in another review that it's a chain, and that is probably the saddest thing I have heard all day. It doesn't feel like one, though, and the ambience is enough to make me want to continue going there!
4	This bar has some great ambience.  Bartenders make solid good drinks and the beer selection is above average.
4	When I first moved out here about 2 years ago, this is where I went most of the time. Too much of a hassle for me to hit the bars on the strip.  Came to chill usually on the weekdays, but try to avoid during the weekends.  Drink prices are average with everyone else around this area, but a must stop if you haven't been here before.  I admit, the drinks are strong here.  Or, is it because I'm pretty much faded by the time I get here.  Place is a mix between locals and out of towners. I'm either getting bigger or this place is getting smaller every time I go here.  This place is tiny.  Move your feet, lose your seat literally.  Staff is good if you can find one.  Faster to just hit the bar for drinks.
5	A real bar in Las Vegas. There aren't many people! Enjoy this one. Great mood inside, great juke box, good drink specials and a buzz inducing happy hour. Sometimes they have local bands in back room and they book pretty high quality acts. A great place to get away from all the slot machines and fake landmarks. All the bartenders are very nice and the people that frequent this place are usually interesting and interesting looking. Try it out.
4	nice decor the drinks are strong prices are good. clean bar
4	The drinks are very strong, almost felt like I grew a patch of chest hair when I took the first sip of my jack and coke.  This place has a cave feel, its dark with candles, fire pits, wood and red bricks.  The music was good but I was glad it was not too loud and that I was still able to carry a conversation.
5	alot of good times will be had here. the staff is chill. the drinks are good. sit down by the fireplace and argue about pop culture with your friends.
3	This place is OK.  Go here if you are looking for an upscale joint on Fremont,  It is classier than most places found on Fremont and is a place you can dress up to go to and not look overdressed.  There is no cover charge, which is awesome considering the type of place it is.  The Griffin does get overcrowded though so if you do not like packed places do not go here.  Their drinks are also overpriced.  It is a good place to frequent for special occasions,
3	Trendy, you could tell it should be a dive bar but it's a little too clean. It looks like a holein the wall but it's dark inside and has a back room for dancing and DJ's.
3	I love the look of the inside of this place, but let's face it, it's only good to stop by on the way to or from other places for a quick beer when they've got something good on top (Firestone or Dogfish Head). Otherwise it's too full of wannabe hipsters to really enjoy yourself. This is *not* a hole-in-the-wall, as someone else said; it's just a place for people to see & be seen, much like Vanguard but a smidge less douchey. Prices are basically strip prices, off-strip, so you're not saving any money by going here. Go for the novelty of the atmosphere, not for the people or the prices. (Note: I haven't attended any events in the back room of this place, so I can't vouch for any of those. Judging from the normal crowd, though, I probably wouldn't want to.)
4	The interior is phenomenal and the music was great! Get there earlier if you want your conversation to be heard better but still a great place to kickback with friends.
5	Definite staple when going to DTLV. Super comfy and relaxing. LOVE DTLV!!
5	Came here with the bf and his parents on a Thursday night.  Be aware... when you first walk up to the Griffin, you'll be a little scared and skeptical upon entering, but you'll be pleasantly surprised to what you find inside.  The dark dungeon ambience is surprisingly calming.  It wasn't too crowded when we first got there, so we were able to find seating in front of a fireplace.  It was quite cozy.  They have an extensive beer menu- very cool options!  My bf's dad got the moose drool, which was very nutty.  Their beer selection is very eclectic, which I enjoy at a bar. My bf's mom got the house chardonnay and the pour was heavy.  And the prices were reasonable! This is a great place to hang out with family and friends.  This would be a perfect place to lounge, drink, and play cards or board games.  We're thinking about do game night there sometime soon!  The crowd consisted of college kids, young professionals and some older folk.  For music, there was a juke box and the volume was perfect because we were still able to converse and hear each other.  This will definitely be our go to bar when venturing downtown.  A fun place to relax, get your drink on and play games!
5	Great beer selection, awesome jukebox, very comfortable.  Decor was tasteful and quite a bit different than I've come to expect from Vegas bars.  By far my favorite of the bars I've tried out in Vegas.
5	One of the best lounges I have been to in a while, The Griffin has the aesthetic of a large underground cellar with dim lighting and rounded ceilings with dark wood and brick (I believe - this happened later in the night so my memory might be misleading me). They have an excellent selection of whiskey, beer, etc. and great music which one can pick using their jukebox. We did witness a fight a minute into our entry into the place. Not a catfight or a wrestling match that you  might experience at a bar/club in Weho but a fairly serious fist fight with two seasoned vets (or at least that is how I remember it).Randomly, there was a room playing dubstep in the back that was really dancy and fun.Love the place. Definitely will go back if I am in the area.
4	Great place..strong drinks..great service.. unfortunately they allow smoking so we're gonna go next door to Commonwealth.
4	I love hanging at the Griffin - the new wood floors look great and the stone arches in the ceiling and fire pit in the middle of the room create a cozy ambience.  Lose one star for average cocktails.  This place has character!
5	Probably my fav spot in town. I love the fireplaces. Also, when the back room is open you can get your groove on!
4	I can't believe that with the amount of times I've visited the Griffin, I haven't ever reviewed this place.  WOW.  Well, I can't really pin point a specific time to review, as I have been here literally every weekend for the past year, NO JOKE.First off, not really vibing the bouncers.  They have no personality, thank goodness there's no charge.  After the bouncers and curtains, you are treated to a very dim, intimate, cave-like atmosphere, that looks like a European basement.  The exposed brick and fireplaces really make the setting cozy and suuuper intimate.  Seating is casual and family style.  Lots of booth style and wrap around benches.  The bartenders are hit and miss.  Sometimes, they're cool and sometimes, they don't give you the time or day.  That's when you hit them with a lower than normal tip.  JK.  I don't prefer the back room with the DJ, as it's always crowded.  The bathrooms are never busy which is a good thing, but a place you don't want to spend a lot of time in.  Most times it's dirty and smelly.  At one point, this was my favorite bar on Fremont East.  I'm not ruling it out as a great option but I feel like they need to step up their game if they want to continue making it with big rollers like Commonwealth.  I'm definitely not going to discontinue coming.  The atmosphere alone attracts me to this place.  If you want to be whisked away in an intimate European atmosphere, definitely check this place out!
4	If my review was just based on this place as a 'bar' I'd probably give it 2 stars. The drinks are nothing special here but the venue itself is pretty snazzy. The place is covered with brick, leather couches, and fireplaces, almost feels like a underground cellar.This place is all about ambiance, it gives you a unique feel unlike any other bar in town. Like the other downtown bars, this place is loaded up with hipsters. So if thats not your crowd, stay away. Also this place is PACKED on first fridays, you won't be able to even grab a seat to be honest. Its a great place to hang out with some friends with a couple of beers. Plenty of sitting area, and the back room is a big open space good for small concerts or whatever they got scheduled. Thankfully their bouncers are total jerks like some of the other downtown bars, and they don't charge cover which is awesome. This place is a lounge, no dance floor, no pounding music, just  sit and drink. If your looking for a party head over to Insert Coins or check out a club.
4	Very cool place.  Went there on a Monday night with my fiancee based on the recommendation from a friend who said it was a fun place that a lot of locals go to (we wanted a break from the touristy stuff).  I almost turned around approaching the door as the place looked seedy as hell from the outside thanks to the presence of two grisly looking bouncers and a nondescript looking entrance.  Thankfully we decided to try it out and once you walk through the curtains you're treated to a very cosy fireplace-laden cave with a long bar and a nice social vibe.The clientele was varied and the service was warm and friendly, both aspects I like when I come into a bar for the first time.  Drink prices were a lot more reasonable then the gouging I usually take on the strip, so kudos to them for being real.  I think it was in the ballpark of $5-6 for a mixed drink, but can't remember entirely as this was at the tail end of a long night.  The fireplaces (surrounded by bench seating) are what I remember best because it was frigid outside (twenty some degrees, record low for that day).  And here I thought I was going to get a break from cold weather after leaving Wisconsin.  Music was mostly alternative rock, but they mixed it up a bit and it was very agreeable for such a chill place. They had a backroom which they said has some kind of dubstep mania on Wednesday nights, I was curious but I saw mixed reviews here on Yelp so not really sure what's in store there.  I'm not really a dubstep guy but I like a good people-watch every once in a while.  Overall, The Griffin is pretty sweet, I'd advise you stop in after winning that chicken dinner.
5	The Griffin reminded me of a nice modern mountain lodge in Aspen Colorado. I felt as though I was home with several fireplaces that adorn the space. Our friends mentioned that there was a backroom in which I did not check out because it was closed at the time I was there, but would imagine that it would get really packed when there is a live DJ. The drinks were quite strong and reasonably priced, just the way I like it. I can see why our friends chose to take us here. It was quite a different atmosphere, very different from the way I would picture downtown Vegas. It is much more laid back. Most of the bars/clubs on the strip are pretentious. This bar however felt as though you were hanging out with locals from your hometown. It was nice to experience this bar in downtown Las Vegas. I would rather go to places like this instead of going to the clubs on the strip where you get overcharged for everything.
4	Of all the bars on Fremont, this place has the least scum. Let it be known, ALL venues in Downtown Las Vegas are loaded with scum. But this bar has the MINIMUM concentration of losers within a 5 mile radius. That's a GOOD thing.I believe it's because of the crowd it attracts here, since the bar is more divey than loud and drama laden "party spots". Drinks are relatively cheap, $3 a pint for Hamms. Really, the only altercation I have so far here is some fat, hairy, loser motherfucker, and his fat hippo girlfriend not letting me pass the rear dance floor to get to the bar. Guy acts all angry and all, and I retaliate, give him a cold, sociopathic looking stare and stalked him across the spot to scare him away. And then it's done. Problem solved. They left. In my 4 years of living here and only having that ONE encounter, it actually puts The Griffin on a great track record believe it or not. Unlike other spots, the women here are open and friendly. Like me and my boy never required any openers at all, we just sat around until a pack of 7 white girls start waving us over. And after that, some seriously X-Rated stuff happened at the Hard Rock Hotel.Decent prices, a usually great crowd, all of you should come over! Unless you are a scumbag sex offender or loser. Stay the fuck out.Edit: While the inside of the Griffin is pretty relaxed versus the lousy atmosphere of Downtown Las Vegas, outside is a different story. I remembered walking to the Griffin one day and I came across a huge crowd gathering over a aftermath of a fight. There was a bouncer holding down a guy with a stab wound in his hand. Decided to hang around for a bit and watch the scene unfold. And then some old white dude goes up to me and starts rambling on about how Vegas is a "Police State, MAN!" and some other drivel that roughly translate to "Fuck teh Pooh-leece!".Seriously? You are a 50+ year old GROWN man and you still bitch about "The System"? Arn't you supposed to you know, retire from a great job and loving kids and shit? Loser.
5	I've gotten drunk here more than I can't remember. Stiff drinks. Ryan is a cutie. Sean is a cutie.
4	This place is pretty cool. If your looking for a more grown up bar this is it. Nothing loud or annoying just a nice dark place to smoke and drink. I love the decor its kinda like Hogwarts meets a dungeon. And the prices are a lot more do-able than the strip. All and all I would go back for sure.
5	If you're looking for a bar off the beaten path, that's not a "typical" Vegas bar, the Griffin is where you wanna go. I think it's a bit of a hipster bar, maybe? Prices are good, crowds are good, open late. It's my favorite Vegas bar!
4	I was apprehensive at first by the 3 lumberjacks with bob marley dreads and mexican ponchos walking out of the joint but I decided to check it out anyways. It reminds me of a snow lodge and i love the look of this place. Upon going to the restroom we discovered there was a back room with awesome music playing and a man with a horse head dancing like a wild animal (pun intended). I definitely enjoyed all the action and wish I had a photo to share. The music was great the drinks were good, what more do you need?
4	After Le Thai, we wanted to check out Commonwealth, but due to the gripload of people standing outside wanting to get in, we decided to head over to The Griffin.  Not a bad choice!  Earl ordered drinks and he commented on the generous pours.We then head to the back room where house music was being played.  The good thing about this is that they don't just play straight up house music, but also incorporate hip hop in it.  Was a pretty fun night.
4	The Griffen! Classic dive bar. Love the ambiance of this place. As soon as you walk in the bar is on your left and it stretches the entire length of the place.  There are quaint little fire places situated in the middle of the room with seats surrounding them.  On the right side there are table and cushioned seats.  Never too crowded, certain nights it tends to be hipster-ish, usually on Thursday nights.  Bartenders are cute and personable, drinks are a little pricey for downtown Las Vegas, but they do have happy hours.  It's a nice casual place to meet with some friends, not too loud so you're yelling at each other.  They have a jukebox playing in the background.Located on Fremont, just East of Las Vegas Blvd.
3	I came here last summer during a bachelor's party because we wanted something different to do besides going to a club on the strip. We came in and I really enjoyed the setup. There's a lot of seating in the front of the bar and the backroom had a good local DJ spinning some house music. Overall, I had a good time that evening. We decided as a group to leave after an hour primarily because there were not many girls there...So I wouldn't necessarily recommend this place if you're part of a bachelor party. But if I ever want something different from the normal Vegas club scene, this place is a viable option. I'd definitely go back.
5	Don't be discouraged by what may appear to be shady looking bouncers outside the entry, they were friendly and just checking IDs. The bartender was nice, the bathroom was clean, and it has a nice cozy/dark atmosphere with fire pits.
4	Great bar this was my 3rd time going here will go back
3	I love the Griff and so does my girlfriend.. My one issue, right off the bat, is the music is WAAAAAY too loud. It's even worse when there are a million people here... So don't come unless we know you. Lets keep the volume down. This is totally a local spot where me and my pals come to hang out and have a nice night, but I HATE yelling over the music. HAATE. In fact... I am changing this review from 4 to 3 stars as I write it just because it makes me so mad. That's not awesome. At all. The drinks are pretty strongish once you get to know the bartenders. My friend thinks it's 5 stars because she is obsessed in love with the cute bartender Ryan. Who now, because of her stalker ways, knows us. The happy hour IS awesome. Super cheap wells and $1 pints of Hamm's Lager.. My fave. They also have a back room that is open on busy nights.. I think they have bands play there, but I feel like I have only seen people dancing back there. Totally different music vibe as well. Usually I am just waiting for the after party over at Radio City Pizza.... I would just head there instead. So go there. They have sexy servers and Ciroc ON TAP.
5	Awesome little bar with reasonably priced drinks and this awesome Indiana Jones like atmosphere. There's little indoor fire pits and the music selection is for those indie kids that that like that cool Indie band that's not playing Coachella any time soon. Cheers!
4	What a gem on Freemont St.  I honestly forgot where I was for awhile, and this time not because of the alcohol!The Griffin is comfortably adorned and reminds me of some combination of a romantic cabin and English pub.  But then there's the jukebox and hipster crowd that brings it all back to Vegas.My friends and I had no problem finding seats at the bar on a Friday night, ordering drinks, and sitting down by one of the fireplaces.  It wasn't too crowded, which I loved.  While it's very dimly lit in the bar, it creates an intimate atmosphere.The Moscow mule, vodka & ginger ale & lime, was bomb.  The drink menu looked expansive enough, but I'll have to go back to verify that.  And I will definitely be going back.
4	The Griffin is theeeee place to do your non-gambling drinking if you're from out of town and if you are a local, well you already know about the G.   The drinks and the staff are amazing.  We were here on a slow Sunday night, but the crowd was steady and the place had a quiet vibe.  Didn't make it back for a happy hour but will do so on our next trip.
5	My favorite bar downtown. Regardless of how many open, this will still be my go-to. Their drinks are strong, the ambience is exactly what a hole in the wall bar should be, and the staff is great.
4	Love the cozy interior and being able to hang in a somewhat leisurely environment (although it can get quite packed on the weekends).  It's usually a toss up between here and Commonwealth but I would defer to The Griffin if the Commonwealth is too packed and I'm looking for a something a little easier and much more casual to enjoy.  Beer selection is on point for a downtown bar and the music, in all of it's eclectic glory, is refreshing to sit around and jam out to, especially if a jam comes on that you haven't heard in ages.Good times at "The Grif", definitely a nice spot to chill.
4	I don't know why but this place reminds me of Harry Potter.
5	Awesome chill bar. Completely simple (no TVs), decent prices, good non-Top 40s tunes, and comfortable as all get-out! On the weekends, the back opens up with a DJ for some dancing on a un-glam dancefloor. Always a must when my friends and I are downtown.
3	I'm surprised they let the likes of me in this place.  I really dig it even though I don't really fit in.  Oh well, the decor is just my style and the 25 cent per song juke box is fun.  The sound quality isn't that great and the tunes get lost on a busy night...almost muffled sounding in most areas of the bar. Better speaker placement and a day of EQ'ing the place will go a long way...trust me I know what I'm talking about.  The bar staff is...well, snobby is the best I can describe it.  Sorry, I don't have a lip ring and tats but what I do have is a pocket full of cash that makes for great tips...take the level up a notch and treat everyone equal.  Still, I'll be back sans skinny jeans.
4	The Griffin has always been a favorite of mine since it opened years and years ago.  Before all these other cutesy places started popping up and it was only the Griffin, Beauty Bar and Downtown Cocktail Lounge, it was one of the few places in Las Vegas that reminded me of bars back home. The decore is pretty cool. You walk in and it is so dark inside, it looks like a dungeon.  There's a ton of brick, booths that sit around litte fireplaces, a juke box, and a looooong dark bar lined with bar stools.  It gets incredibly packed in here so the stools are kind of annoying to me because it encourages people to sit and makes it extremely difficult to get drinks from the bartender when it's busy.  All the way at the end of the bar, however, is the jukebox, and there's always a little opening there where you slide in to get the bartender's attention.There's a back room with sofas and a small dance floor. The only time I've gone back here is when they've had a DJ who plays house music and people are crazy!  It's great people-watching.  I've always had a great time here and drinks are fairly priced.  It's a good place to meet locals and mingle, or to go with a bunch of friends and just get bombed.
5	I know this is kind of late, well actually a year late, but better late than never. Last year we decided to take a weekend trip to LV for my besties birthday, which happened to me 5 de Mayo weekend. We were tired of the strip quite frankly and decided we were going to stay downtown. We stayed at the end of the strip at the Las Vegas Casino (NOT GREAT). One of my friends recommended us to try the Griffin, he said it was a hole in the wall place but pretty amazing. I have to say that was one of THE BEST weekends we had. We were so impressed and had so much fun on Friday night at The Griffin that we went back the next day with some new friends we met! The drinks were reasonably priced, the atmosphere was great, you get a variety of a crowd, and the music was awesome! ROCK EN ESPANOL, 80's music, House, a little bit of everything. I felt like I was back in Los Angeles! I will definitely be back! The service was great too. I didn't have to wait 20 minutes for my drink and you get there early enough and you can get a seat at the nice comfy couches with a fire pit in front! WHAT I liked best is that there weren't prissy chicks who think that their all that and a bag of chips (like on the strip)!  the people were tourist and locals both having a great time!  They have two separate rooms. The back room is just as much fun. This is where they played rock en espanol.  HANDS DOWN THE BEST EXPERIENCE! I love Downtown Freemont and I love the GRIFFIN BAR!
4	good drinks, nice atmosphere, sometimes crazy packed but all in all i dig it!!
5	I live in Vegas, and have been to The Griffin different times. One of my favorite things about this place is the fireplaces. It's cozy, but it does get busy here some nights. I don't recall ever having a issue with any of the drinks I have received here. On not so busy nights, it is a comfortable bar. As someone else mentioned, there is a back room as well.
2	Good concept for a dark dingy place. Better customer service and they need to open that place up so non smokers can breath a little.Security is awesome there, very curious
4	This was a surprise for old Vegas. A surprise because it almost felt like it didn't belong. It was insanely cool inside. I loved the feel. Very dark, intimate and inviting. A place that's good to take a date or sit with your girlfriends and gab. This is not a place if you're looking to party. I say that because their drink menu isn't bad. But the surprising part is the beers aren't too pricey either. It's really the perfect evening starter. So grab a drink, sit by the fire or grab a cozy corner area and relax. Or relax before you get the party started!
4	Beers, beers, and more beers!An amazing selection of beers. Prices varies depeding on which beer you get. There's this specific beer that I get, that tastes like chocolate. I know it's not Guiness.Do come here during the week or early at nights cause it does get packed with a line!Great for groups, and they have nice bathrooms.
4	This is a nice little bar to hang at, but too small that everyone's cramped in a tight space. There are plenty of tables, chairs and bar stools and I felt as if it were a lot quieter than other bars in the area, making it a nice place to catch up with friends. Drink selection was good and prices were very reasonable. They have not charged cover either on the nights I've been there
4	Awesome atmosphere, good drink (Hard palmer)
5	Stumbled into here early on a Friday after Downtown Cocktail Room but before Freemont Street.  I really enjoyed this place, not too many people there when we came in, but the bartender was very friendly and inviting.  The place itself is dark and comfy, the beer selection is very good, quite surprised to see Weinstephaner Hefe on there, excellent choice!  The jukebox would rank top 5 of any I've come across, wide variety and 25 cents a song can't be beat.
4	Ok this place is like walking into a Harry potter movie. This place has a very dark vibe that I love in a strange way. Brick everything with castle like features and a couple fireplaces keep this place pretty cozy. The drink prices are fairly reasonable in this hipster hangout but nothing too eccentric. The location is a little shifty as it is downtown and you are bound to run into some characters; however, it isn't a deal breaker. If you're looking for a really chill and comfortable hangout the Griff could be for you, just don't forget your non prescription glasses and skinny jeans to fit right in with this trendy spot. ;)
5	How do I sum up The Griffin? Let me tell you....picture Strider (a.k.a. Aragorn) sitting in the corner eyeballing you with a steely glance.  The type of steely glance which only a ranger could give.  Two dwarves wearing mithril coats emblazoned with the White Lion logo come to greet you bearing tall frosty barley pops and a halberd made of havarti in each hand.  They quietly hum the theme to Perfect Strangers in dire reverence to some unseen force residing in the aether.  Who is it? None other than Balki drinking a lager and brandishing a scimitar made of wooly rhino femur and he is singing some Kingdom Come at the top of his lungs and wearing a helmet in the style of ancient Byzantium while teaching a rhesus monkey to play Sgt. Pepper on a vibraphone while Strider just sits and ponders the entire situation before disarming a blow gun wielding humanoid walrus creature that has studied wing chun and krav maga for like four months in anticipation of this meeting but now he shall meet his doom at the hands of Aragorn, son of Arathorn, and Balki from Perfect Strangers!!! You hear that walrus-human hybrid trained in fisticuffs and treachery??? You want a piece of Han Solo??? Well come and get it!!!  ::busts out Sting::The juke box is top notch and they have good beer at The Griffin.
3	LOVE the space.HATE the drinks. Totally watered down. I would stick to beer or wine. No joke, the vodka is mostly water. I ordered a vodka tonic, and watched her pour 2/3 of the cup with vodka. I was almost scared to even smell it. But once I drank it, I realized it did not smell, taste, or look like vodka. Pretty disappointing.. All I wanted was a real drink!
4	Dark, spacious, almost loungey-type of bar.  It's wide, leaving plenty of room for groups of people to gather, while weaving to allow them to intermingle.The long bar has battered and worn menus with beers and spirits that showcases some interesting brews.The jukebox is full of bands and albums I almost know.Very much the feel of a solid bar that could be dropped into any city, with welcome arms.
4	Liked this place, quiet and cool atmosphere. Kinda hipster, but they had a stocked bar and good beers, so that's fine. The inside is mostly all brick and kinda castle like, I really dug it.
4	The Griffin gets majority of their stars for the heavy handed pours they dish out. Those were some potent drinks that justified the prices. We were able to find a spot around a table near one of the fireplaces. If you don't come early, this place will be packed and you'll be left standing around while everyone bumps into you. They do have a back area to get your dance on if you so choose. The crowd is a pretty mixed bag -- anything from hipsters to hoochie mamas looking for attention. Overall atmosphere is pretty laid back and it makes for awesome people watching. I saw so many regrets in the making, it was pretty great. I would come back to The Griffin again, for the heavy drinks and great people watching.
4	Classy and dark, nice alternative to a big club
4	All you need to know is: after years and years, the Griffin still has the best jukebox in Las Vegas. Any trip to Vegas should include a stop here.
4	This is a small pub looking lounge. As soon as you walk in you feel like you entered a friends house. It's comfortable, cozy and warm. The bartenders seemed to pull double duty the night I went...floor and bar service. They were very efficient and friendly.  There is also a back room where we could hear a live band playing - I didn't go in though.
5	I love this place! Great microbrews on tap or in a bottle, jukebox is NOT typical and they've recently started having bands perform in the back room. On a regular night, there's usually dj's in the back, usually consisting of Wizdumb, The Uncrustables, Johnny Rox (when in town) and are usually spinning electro until about 2 when it changes to dub step. I always have a great experience coming here.
4	Part of the Fremont Street/Downtown pub crawl vibe. Has a loungey feel that is old school, and drink prices are average with other nearby bars. The crowd is usually more on the alternative side, so a good time should be easy to come by!Love the fireplace.
5	I found The Griffin to be really for its location downtown. Of course, it's no Vegas club but I liked how each area was fairly well sectioned off. Bar on the side, lounge on the other, and dance area in the back.It seemed like everyone I talked to was pretty much currently in Vegas and I found the bathrooms and bathroom attendants really friendly. Another +, the drinks are only around $6! One of the awesome differentiations between The Griffin and somewhere on the Strip is that 1) its affordable and 2) it's a place where you can have a calm night out with visitors from out of town or a place to get trashed with your BFF's.
4	In my opinion, it's one of the better bars on Fremont St. Good vibes, good people, and good times. Not overly priced like many of the other bars in this town. Decently sized selection of booze. A lot of hipsters. Very similar to their Los Angeles counterpart. One of my favorite places to end up at on the weekend.
4	This is one of the best bars in the city, but it's just too darn packed on the weekends.  If you go during the week, the bartenders are fantastic and engaging, and the experience is just about perfect.
3	I've only been here once, to see a friend's band, The Delta Bombers, play.I like the atmosphere...the room the band played in was pretty small though, and it filled up fast.Drinks were expensive...but I guess they were kind of standard for Freemont street.  I pulled up a recipe for the bartender, since I wanted to try something new, and he nailed it.  It was a really really good drink.  I'd probably come back again.
3	If you are a renaissance nerd like I am you will absolutely love this bar. It looks like a castle inside. And if it's the middle of winter and ur downtown with ur buddies and want to warm up. Definitely stop by this bar, the have fires lit throughout the lounge area. It is definitely unique. The drinks are not cheap but pretty average for downtown. The music could use a bit of work. Their playlist sucks.
3	Hey yelptards - The Griffin is not a 24/7 establishment. You'll want to update your information so people don't go out of their way to a bar that is closed until the evening.
2	Great bourbon selection, awesome atmosphere, and a total let down due to lackluster bartenders.  Was hoping for great cocktails, but was disappointed.  Creativity and enthusiam distinctly absent.
5	I love this place. The atmosphere is cozy and the fireplaces that they have going make it awesome during the winter. Its kept dimly lit and it adds to that "hipster" feel. The bartenders I've had so far were nice and had recommendations if you didn't know what to drink. It's a good place to start the night but can get packed super easy.
3	I'm going to bump up a star for them because since my initial visit (over 2 years ago) my opinion has shifted slightly.  With the addition of other bars on this part of Fremont, The Griffin has become, for me, a good starting point when I'm trying to get cheaper (relative to the other bars) drinks that are made strong.  Maybe the "cool kids" have flocked to new bars because the scene in here isn't so cool-drab as it was before.  I like the fire places and whenever the back room is open, the music is diverse.  They've played 80's in the back before and if they played that every night I'd give them 4 stars.
5	All in all great bar - great beer selection, cozy seating areas, overall cool vibe. But it was the service I was super impressed with. I left my card here at the end of the night like a drunk idiot. Being an out of towner, I thought I had zero chance of ever seeing it again. But I talked to the manager and he mailed it to me the next day. Awesome.
5	Very nice and cozy place to go have a drinks with friends.
5	Two words: Kentucky mule!! Your welcome!! Love, love, love this place!!!! Can't go enough!!
5	I love Vegas's flashing lights and huge scale, but sometimes it makes me just want to crawl into a dark cave that serves drinks. This is where the Griffin comes in. About a dozen good beers on tap (I had an IPA... mmm...), and I saw a full bar back there too. Seating is great - tables & chairs, bar stools and, best of all, 2 big round fireplace areas. I've only been to the bar twice; the first time was with a group of 14ish people about two years ago - we just took over one of the fireplace areas... such a memorable night. I went back last weekend and was pleased to see it hadn't changed a bit. We didn't get a fireplace spot this time, so we were forced to do some amazing people watching from the benches on the side.The only downside is the place smells like smoke, but that's Vegas I guess. The ventilation is fine, there were just a lot of smokers in the house. The place isn't cheap compared to all the Fremont Street junkpiles a couple blocks away. Fremont Street is a great place to start the night with a drink, then retreat to your cozy cave for a while.
5	I've been to the Los Angeles location a few times. This bar was the perfect finish to our night out in downtown Vegas. I'm a beer fan and the draft selection didn't disappoint! The vibe was hip with good music and a good looking staff (young tattooed babes for sure) I also really loved the dark castle-like aesthetic too.. Made me feel like a midcentury badass ;)
4	Really one of my favorite bar experiences. It just feels right. It's not a dive, but it's got just the right amount of edge. It's also got a bit of a European- castle feel. Drinks are affordable and in my experience you don't have to wait awkwardly by the bar for long to get them. I swear this is the first (okay, maybe second) time this has happened to me, but I absent-mindedly left without closing my tab. They were really sweet when I went to pick up my card and didn't charge me a $15+ fee like many places are known to do. If you're on Fremont St. I would definitely recommend going here. I made the mistake of having it be my second stop. I went to a bar down the street where you can sing while this guy plays the piano. Passing by two days later I realized they have speakers outside, so everyone up and down the street could hear me slaughter 'Valerie'. Go to the Griffin, it's safer.
2	I got thrown out of the Griffin last night by the Samoan gang for agreeing with a woman's belief that her husband was engaged in some kind of weird homo erotic relationship with his friend.  So I walked up to the bar and ordered a drink when I walked in.  This lady sitting at the bar turned to me and complained that her husband and his buddy were all over each other.  I said "So they are acting like they are each other's boyfriend?"  She said, "Yes. Exactly."  She put her hands on my face, gave me a kiss on the cheek, and walked out.  Her husband and his boyfriend run off chasing her.  The next thing I know, one of the bouncer is forcibly pushing me out the door.  I told the other bounce, a much larger Samoan guy, what happened and he just shrugged.  I hung out for a couple of minutes and waited for my friends to come out.  Oh well.  The place is getting way too hip for its own good.  Don't go to the Griffin unless you plan to sit there, take in the smoke, buy drinks, and keep your mouth shut.
2	Oh man, where to start? The bartender is hot but drunk as hell. There's some floozy with fake boobs & they're all taking shots. Considering it's Monday & there's normally way more people here, it's shocking the service is this slow. No DJs in the back & the jukebox goes from dead silence to blaring indie rock so loud I can't hear the person 2 feet in front of me. Griffin is usually ok, tonight it's ghastly.
3	The Griffin is not your typical Las Vegas pub! It is like any other bar you would find in any city in the states. I'm not saying this is a bad thing, Vegas needs more these bars for locals, college students etc to go and enjoy a drink and not hear the ringing of slot machines.With a few fire places in the middle and lounge seating it makes for a great place to hang out with friends for a good night.
5	Stopped in here on a Saturday night after checking out a show a few places down. This place has a really nice vibe. Even though it was super crowded we were able to go straight to the back and get to the bar and end up with delicious drinks while getting awesome service from a really good looking and FRIENDLY bartender named Ryan. Typically on nights like these I end up with a bad taste in my mouth from the drinks and the service but this was total opposite. When I questioned if I could get a bloody mary immediately responded "yes, would you like a salted rim?" which is a major bonus in my book. My girlfriend got a lemon drop which also came out pretty good. This is down on fremont street so its a bit pricey but overall I feel like its worth it. I hope to get the chance to come back again!
4	Love the atmosphere here! Fireplaces, spacious booths and great bartenders. Get the Moscow Mule!
4	This place has an unbelievable atmosphere . . . thought I was in a gothic building complete with fire pits and stone columns . . . and the drinks and extensive shot  menu was impressive.It was great place to hang out with friends . . . and kick back . . . only draw back was that even with three bartenders . . . they had trouble keeping up with the crowd.It is a definitely on the shall be back list . . .
5	Came here based on yelp reviews...it lived up plus some! Great cozy interior with fire place...way classy for Downtown! Wood beam trim is a nice touch here as well.  Drinks were good and prices weren't too bad, but a little higher than other Downtown spots....however...it's well worth it.  I'll be back.
4	Definitely one of the better bars in town. With so many other options the Griffin it a must visit while on Freemont St. It's not one of those fist pumpimping, college frat like places with that come with a dress code. There is more of a dark, punk or hipster vibe but you still find all walks of life in here. The inside has some brick like walls and fire places, wooden beams across the ceiling with some lounge style seating. There is also tables with seating along the walls, bar seating, and standing room. The place is always busy on the weekend but service was very quick. Not the most friendly of a barstaff but still a must visit on Freemont St.
5	The Griffin is my favorite bar to visit when I am in Las Vegas.The atmosphere is great, the drinks are great and it's reasonably priced.It's definitely a very different vibe than everything in that area.The music they play is hipsterish and so is the crowd.The decor is kind of medieval looking but in a very tasteful way.I will continue to go to the Griffin every chance I get.
4	Cool bar for those with the extra slim fit pants and crocheted hats.I enjoyed stopping in and having a drink at the bar. The fire pits looked like a great place to enjoy a conversation in between the really loud music.Not exactly my style but I can see how it would be an attraction to those that may be a few years younger than me.
5	Cool bar with a great underground vibe. I loved the low dark brick and the cool fire places in the center with surrounding booths. Very reasonably priced drinks for the downtown area. Cool bar staff and equally cool patrons. A few douchey college kids came in all rowdy but luckily left with in a good amount of time. Great place for conversation and drinks. I will be back!
3	Music here is alright. I like how they have a place to sit and a place to dance. I wish they wouldn't blast the music in the sitting area tho, it would be nice to have conversation separate from the dancing. The drinks here were pretty cheap! I got 3 shots for $20! That's a good deal right there compared to the other bars on freemont
3	Crowded bar with robust drinks and cozy seats! I was expecting lots of cool looking people in tiny pants and old man hats. Crowd ended up a pretty mixed bag, which is always encouraging to see because you think if you have people from all around, there must be something going on right. Semi-reasonably priced drinks at the main bar up front and a second nominally less crowded bar in the back next to the dance floor. Was only here for a bit towards the end of the night, but it definitely looks promising and I'm excited to come back and check it out.FYI security guys will basically shove you out once the bar closes so keep an eye on the time. I had to pound my drink and couldn't even close tab so they ended up with my credit card for a few days.
5	My favorite bar! Big fan of the Vegas location, I live down the street from the Los Feliz location as well. The bartenders here are very friendly and fun to chat it up with, the music selection is on point.
5	Favorite bar in las vegas. Great people and NO tourists.
1	When we walked in the security guard rudely told us no drinks allowed and to leave it on the chair in front. It was just an ice tea from starbucks my wife doesn't drink. I wouldnt spend a penny in this place.
4	Cool underground vibe! I love the dark ambiance, brick walls, and the fire places in the center with surrounding booths, tables and chairs. Reasonably priced drinks for the downtown area. Good bar staff!Great ambiance and great place to just hang out!
4	The bouncers here aren't uptight and know how to handle drunk people. Kudos to you guys! I like the vibe here especially when I've had a long day and all I want to do is actually listen and have a conversation with friends without me screaming just so they could hear me.We had a few chocolate stouts, some peachy shot and Moscow Mule sans copper mug. The drinks are pretty strong. That or my tolerance for alcohol has dropped since I haven't been drinking.I just like how chill it is here. No obnoxious tourists celebrating their 21st birthday here. Yay!
4	After a little low stakes gambling and a few "free" drinks, this is a perfect bar to hangout and have fun with your friends. Good vib and bar tenders.
4	Love this place.I feel like I'm in a WWII, secret meeting place in England with the low ceilings, archways of brick and dark interior.  Spot is large, too.  My only complaint is the volume of the jukebox.  One would think, based on the perceived atmosphere of this joint, that you wouldn't need to shout at one's companions while enjoying a drink.  This should be fixed.
4	Enjoy this bar very much, always a must hit for at least 2 to 3 drinks, when ever i go downtown this bar is always a bar that i hit. Great spot highly recommended
4	One of the better bars along the pub crawl scene of East Fremont Street.  Although this establishment is quite dark, you'll begin to realize how cool it really is soon as your eyes adjust into the dimmed lighting.  Depending on your mood, there seems to be two different vibes out of this place.  If you just want to chill and sit around a fireplace with your friends, then the main room suits you as it gives off this contemporary/hipster ambiance with indie rock being played through a jukebox.  On the other hand, check our the other room if you'd rather dance the night away as it has this Euro underground club atmosphere with DJs spinning house/EDM/dubstep/trap music till the lounge closes.Been coming here for years and I like what they've done to this place since my initial visit.  Gone are the days when the backroom was infested with odd couples making out over couches that were scattered throughout the area...knowing how unsanitary that upholstery could be, and yet people still fought over being being able to hang out on them.  I do appreciate the addition of the backroom bar as it alleviates from the heavy traffic of the main room even though it makes the space feel smaller and claustrophobic.Drinks are reasonably priced and consistently poured with a heavy hand no matter which bartender ends up serving your booze.  If liquor isn't your cup of tea, this place actually has a great selection of beer on tap.  I usually go for an Irish Car Bomb since it's the best of both worlds and usually only takes one to get the night going.Overall, The Griffin has always been my go-to bar whenever I find myself around the area.  Awesome ambiance and stiff libations...I definitely recommend this place!!
5	best bar in Vegas! You have to stop in that place while your in town!!
4	One of the founders for the downtown experience.  A must see and a must do.  The drinks are normal with a bit extra booze on most days. The Decor is slightly dungeon and slight 1400 scotland castle.  I love it here when it is slow but when it gets busy (band nights) it is set up to enjoy as well.If you are strolling the downtown and see one of the places that started before the renovation and is still standing then go and enjoy.  I do!
4	Dark. Ominous. Good bar.
1	Absolutely horrible service bartender girl had the nerve to comment on the little tip i gave her lol i couldnt believe it.
4	Great vibe. I had someone recommend this place to me and the only way I could remember the name was because Griffindor from Harry Potter. When I got there, it reminded me of being in the Hogwarts castle. Definitely not tacky in any way but I love the ambiance and how intimate everything was. There's tables and booths for groups to sit at. There's also bar seating. Drinks were decently priced and service was good. I also appreciated that it was close enough to walk anywhere in downtown that you want to check out but not in the middle of the hustle and bustle. They do have security at the front to check IDs.
3	Come with a group of friends and you'll have a good time. The interior design is pretty cool.
3	The vibe at the Griffin is rad!  It's pretty laid back, dark, and a little bit mysterious.  Ha! The crowd here is not your typical Vegas crowd and for that I am grateful.  The drinks are a little overpriced, but whatever--it's Vegas. The bartenders know what they're doing, which is great.The music is rad.It's a great place to blackout.
5	I'll start with saying I was a little hesitant before walking in...there is a curtain at the door along with a bouncer. Where I am from that screams "clubby atmosphere inside." Luckily, I had read enough reviews and decided to venture in.Wow. The decor atmosphere was top notch. It felt like I was transported to some tavern in a small eastern European country.Brew on tap...finally what I was looking for in Vegas. I had a great brown ale and kicked back on the sofas until I saw a crowd headed to the back door that I *though* led outside. Nope, it was just a small back room with a unattended bar...however, a band was playing. That band was Thee Swank Bastards and I gotta be honest, they probably account for at least 2 stars of the 5-star review! They were awesome. We don't have many bands with that style in Florida and I felt like I was in a Tarantino flick for a few moments.Overall, fantastic time and will return again next trip to Vegas!
4	Fine selection of spirits, okay selection of beer, inside is very cool. All and all, definitely worth a stop to wet your whistle.
4	The Griffin is a pleasant surprise and escape from your typical done-up Vegas bar. It has a nice, dark, hip feel to it that's matched by the hip (and hipster) clientele. When you walk in the door, the only noticeable reason you'd still think you're in Las Vegas at all is the heavy cloud of smoke in the air. Yes, this is a common refrain in reviews of this spot written by out-of-towners, but since smoking is banned everywhere else, it's extra noticeable to us. Anyway, this is definitely the kind of place I could linger for a few drinks on any given night. The vibe is mostly laid back. The brick adds a great touch. The booze isn't dramatically overpriced, and the fireplace is cozy. Bartenders are plenty friendly, there are some excellent booths for kicking back, and the feng shui is solid. I'm definitely adding this to the list of must-visit watering holes in Downtown.
5	There's something about this place that makes it impossible not to come back to. Staff is super friendly and effective when managing busy nights. It's great for groups when you manage to grab a good seat and people watch. Drinks have a good pour to them, unlike almost every other Vegas bar/lounge. Definitely recommended for tourists who want to see local bars or Vegas newbies.
4	Cool bar.  Kinda reminds me of this bar in the burbs of Cleveland called Johns Cafe I used to patron everyday!   And I love the indoor fire pits!
4	Me and some friends went to "the griffin" two nights ago! I have heard a lot about it but just never made my way in there. Doesn't look like much from the outside but once you go in its something special. The vibes and energy were exactly how it should be! Not too pricy either. You should check it out.
4	Brought 2 friends from CA here last night. Weather was crap - raining and cold. Place had that total "hipster" feeling . Fire place was awesome considering it was cold last night. Cool vibe, but everyone seemed to be to themselves and in "groups"... Def more of a locals place. They have some cool catacomb seating / booths and a booth by the fire. Downside?  A lot of smokers and we smelt like a cigarette. Clothes went into the wash and I had to shower. Stagnant cig smoke? Yuk!!!
4	After visiting from Hawaii, and spending the long flight hours listening to my lovely yet loud daughter crying and screaming, my sister and I began to look for a little place we could unwind; my daughter sleeping peacefully with her grandparents by then. (Yes.) We decided to check out The Griffin, since it wasn't far from the hotel we were staying at. We were greeted at the door by a friendly bouncer, and once inside I was completely enamored by the seemingly underground-inside fire pits- stony tavern like atmosphere and decor. The crowd wasn't too bad and the bartenders were friendly and attentive. Drinks were fairly priced I suppose, and it wasn't overly loud either. There was a good balance in here, and it was a great place to hang out, relax and have a few (hundred) drinks. One of my gems from this past Vegas trip. Definitely will make it a point to return whenever I am in the area again.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!This sweet spot is one of those places that you would not even know about unless someone brought you, or you happened inside by accident. And what a happy accident it would be! It is a perfect spot to get of the hustle of Freemont St, or to meet up with a gaggle of friends.Behind an unassuming brick wall and a single door is one of the sweetest, coziest little bars in the Freemont St. Area. Small seating areas, cozy little fire pits, and a really cool, happy crowd. This might be my new favorite spot to go in this area.
4	This place seems to be for locals. Which I would completely understand because if I was a local id frequent as well. Was there on a Monday night and service was good. Wasn't very packed and the ambience was calm and cool. I ordered a Moscow mule which I was please to know that they had gingerbeer to make it! Only place I even bothered asking for a Moscow mule to be honest. Placing like these make me want to get of the main Las Vegas strip and kick it Fremont when I do come to visit. Thinking about it now I most likely will. Great prices for great drinks, a chill vibe around locals. How else do you learn about these cool places if not from the locals?
4	- This one and the The Griffin in Silver Lake city, Cali, are both similarly cool.- I think it's better for a early 20s partiers as the music is loud.  As an old foggy, I prefer the easier-on-the-ears decibel level at Commonwealth which I think caters to a more late 20s/early 30s crowd (especially in The Laundry Room).
