4	Wow this place is bananas.  And as you all know bananas are good!  Some really creative and delicious burgers.  This place blows the Burger Bar inside Mandalay out of the water and doesn't leave a hole in your wallet .  Those donuts they have, OMFG I think they put crack cocaine in them.  They are so addicting.  Added bonus it's close by the office.  Kiki Burger, sauteed shitaki mushrooms.  That is my recommendation and I added some Thai Chili Paste for that extra heat.
5	Whoah, this place is right up my alley.I am a big old white American dude (so I love burgers) and I also used to live in Taiwan (so I love Asian flavors).  This place combines both of my favorite cuisines in an amazing, affordable way.I had the Ban-Mi burgers, it has pork, shrimp, pork pate, lemongrass, palm sugar, red oak lettuce, mint, cilantro, basil, curry aioli, pickled veggies, and nam plah dipping sauce.  Try to order THAT from burger bar.The bun was great, soft, on the inside, a little bit of crispness on the business end, and a good color.  The meat was cooked perfectly (they didn't ask me for a temp preference, but they definitely got it right).  Good sear, a bit of pink, and the meat really shone.  The thing was, all the Asian and American tastes just came together perfectly.  The little dipping sauce it came with really set the flavors flying.This is now my second favorite burger in town (my fave is still at Daniel Boulud's)I also ordered the cantaloupe milk shake (with boba).  When I lived in Taiwan, boba was about 20% of my diet.  I don't know if I would really classify the shake as a shake, it was more like papaya milk found throughout Asia, but it was amazing.  Perfect summer drink.Best thing about all this?  The prices were fantastic.  $7.50 for an amazingly constructed burger (doesn't come with fries, but the $3.50 truffle oil fries were also perfectly crispy, with the warm, smooth center that all fry places should aspire to.)
4	Been on a burger kick lately - Cheeburger Cheeburger last night, Slider truck at lunch time and a few others this last week.  I stumbled across David's review of Bachi and thought, hmmm i can drive by there on the way to work , a lil din din, ..but the plans were were put to rest when my roomie asked if i can drive her to work ( downtown )  which of course, is nowhere near Bachi ...f - it !  dropped her off, got back on the fwy, drove up to Blue Diamond exit, made my way to Bachi.Frankly, i don't understand why this place is located on Windmill - what gives ?  nice looking place inside - not too busy - order up a ronin burger ( $7.50 ) , the sausage app ( $6 ) shrimp fries and an apple - lychee soda ( they have a large selection of unique , mixed sodas as well as boba drinks. ) and wtf - let's order the banh mi burger and kiki burger to go ( $7.50 each ) The service ...well...nice servers ...but they are clueless !!  It's cool, i talk to who i assume is the manager, just giving some suggestions , he had a good attitude and assured me it will get better.The food - I'm impressed ! sausages were decent - nice mustard sauce to dip them in  ( sorry people, my camera ain't workin right ! ) The shrimp chips - okay by me - saw several people order the fries - they looked great ... next timeThe Ronin Burger - perfectly cooked, has an interesting sauce cooked on ( i believe a miso styled sauce )  - a lil on the sweet side and with the carmelized onions and the citrus aioli - my only minor, very minor complaint - the burger needs salt for that perfect sweet / savory  combo.  But let me tell you - This ain't your normal burger spot and again, i gotta ask ... WHY WINDMILL ?!?!?I couldn't resist - ordered a bowl of the rocky road ice cream - 3 scoops - $3 - very refreshing.Very interested in the steam/grilled sammies ... Pork belly steamed buns?? ...oh yeah - I'll be back ! This place deseerves some local love !
4	This place has a lot of potential.  I agree with Keith - odd location with entrance at the back of the place away from the street.Ambiance is nice, simple, but too dark even with natural light.  My pics that I will post are dark.Obviously being open a week, they have some kinks to work out.  This probably would have been a three-star deal if they had "been around" awhile.I ordered iced matcha tea (unlimited, but still $3) and it was very grassy and delicious, like the one at Yokohama Kaigenro.  Refilled a lot.  I contemplated those steamed bun sandwiches but wanted to try a burger since it is in the name.  I got the Ronin (miso-sesame glazed burger, Japanese slaw, fried egg, caramelized onion, katsu bbq), a side of shishito peppers, and sweet potato fries with kaffir lime salt and yuzu aioli.  Boyfriend got the kiki's burger: sauteed mushrooms, onion marmalade, gruyere, caramelized bacon, garlic chili aioli.  He also got bubble tea strawberry-mango shake.We got the fries first - crisp, sweet, hardly any kaffir lime flavor, but love the yuzu aioli.  Here is where we experienced a moment of weakness.  We get our burgers and mine has bacon - his doesn't.  I had made it very clear to the waitress that I don't eat pork when I asked for her suggestions.  So my burger had to be remade, and Eric asked for a side of bacon since his didn't have it and it was supposed to.  He was done with his before I got mine.  The owner (brother of the chef) came out and apologized, and that's fine - first week stuff getting worked out (the register put I ordered bacon when I ordered peppers (P/B mix up) and they just forgot his entirely).My burger ended up being intensely juicy and flavorful, and the egg yolk perfectly runny, and the peppers were grilled with no annoying oil or salt all over them.  Our waitress seemed antsy and was constantly trying to take away plates and drinks while we were still eating and drinking, so it got annoying.  We also had to ask for napkins and silverware once we got food.They were kind enough to give me a to go cup of matcha iced tea.  (I am used to this royal treatment at Blue Fin).  We split the bill but they do not duplicate credit card receipts - they just do merchant copies only, so we had to ask for duplicate copies of the main bill. I will wait a while to go back so they can get their rhythm, but then I will try a duck or short rib steamed bun sandwich for sure!!UPDATE: YUZU-CHERRY soda!!!
4	Innovation should always be rewarded. And that certainly applies to Bachi Burger; a restaurant that combines inventive cuisine and the best ingredients available.The "classic hamburger" may be the perfect food, but pretty well everyone from "In & Out" to "Bradley Ogden" does it essentially the same way.But not Bachi Burger!They are pushing the envelope. They are thinking outside the styrofoam box!Here are but a few facts about BB:Hamburger buns and chinese steamed buns are from a bakery in Chinatown. They grind their own meat.They make in-house pinapple ketchup, yuzu citrus aioli, and garlic chili aioli.They have Garlic and Pepper french fries, and Truffle-parmesan french fries.You can choose a burger made from angus, wagyu, crab, chicken/turkey or beef/pork/shrimp. They make fresh boba tea drinks and milk shakes.They have an amazing dessert line-up including Portuguese donuts with Vietnamese cinnamon.They have wagyu short ribs on chinese steamed buns.They have a grilled cheese panini with gruyere, fontina, camembert and mezzo secco.Lordy, I'm getting hungry again just thinking about it....gotta go back to try some of the other wondeful creations. Next for me is Peking Duck on Steamed Buns with boiled egg, chinese black vinaigrette and hoisin sauce.Need I say more?Even thought the location on Windmill is less than ideal, it's very much worth the trip.Look out Burger Bar....you've been outdone.
5	Bachi Burger is an absolute gem, offering tremendous value and tasty food in a very unassuming location.When entering the restaurant from the parking lot, you probably won't be expecting much.  I know that I was expecting to see a basic burger menu and not much else.  I couldn't have been more wrong.The menu is best described as Hawaiian fusion comfort food, which made a lot more sense when I read that the chef came from Roy's.  In addition to standard burgers, the menu has some unique Asian burger twists as well as tasty options such as pork buns.  There's also a nice selection of fries, a huge boba menu and an eclectic selection of beers and sake.I went with the most straightforward menu option to get a feel for what they could do with a basic burger.  I ordered the American Wagyu burger with cheddar cheese and bacon added.  The verdict: delicious and incredibly well crafted.  The bun was golden and perfectly soft, and the burger itself was certainly high quality and savory.  The fries added to the enjoyment, especially the truffle fries with a magnificent aioli for dipping.Oh, and I haven't even gotten to the best part... the value.  The Wagyu burger comes in at an almost unbelievable $7.  Add cheese and bacon and now you're talking $9.  Truffle fries come in at $3.50.  These prices fall in line with restaurants like Applebee's, and the quality difference can be measured in miles.  I didn't get to indulge in any of the desserts (which sounded like they should be on the menu at a Michelin starred restaurant) but they're all $5.  This could be the best value in the entire city.I've seen several reviewers here bring up Burger Bar, and I respectfully disagree with those that say the Bachi Burger is superior.  However, my favorite customized Buffalo burger at Burger Bar is over twice as much money but not twice the quality or taste.  And the convenience of the location makes it that much more attractive.Bachi Burger deserves to be a huge hit, and I highly recommend that locals check it out once.  Your taste buds and your wallet will be thankful.
3	Obviously, most of the reviews here are friends of the restaurant. Positives 1. DIRT CHEAP2. Great Ideas with menuNegatives1. Overcooked2. Cold Fries3. Very few "healthy choices"4. For a brand new place they should work hard to make customers come back and ask their opinionI will try them again hopefully its a better experience and they figure out timing the food especially fries were cold. I would have sent them back but no one asked me how anything was. Also it is stupid to have to pay the cashier. The server is getting tipped take my money to the cashier for me. duh..  HAS POTENTIAL NO DOUBT hopefully they are not too arrogant and listen to customers or maybe even ask them how things are???2-25-11 Update also to 5 Stars these guys got some great food.Bachi Has majorly improved lately. Good cook times, the food was always good. Service 1000x better. A lot of the original servers seems like someone trained them now.  They fixed the cashier,  It seems to be a little pricier or I'm just more broke lately. Fries could have been hotter but not cold by any means. Lonely Bird is where its @. I think they have made it sweeter more sugar in marinade. The pickles are super fun.
4	Why does the most amazing burger place have to open right before swimsuit season? The Kiki burger knocked it out of the park and for only $8, this place could be really dangerous!  I am going to have to go back just to try the deserts!The staff were nice and very polite about our questions regarding the lack of a veggie burger - chef should have one ready in a couple of weeks.  My only suggestions would be to encourage the waitresses to be more attentive. The lunchtime rush has not kicked in yet, but they still seemed to be a bit on the slow side.
4	*****This place calling itself Bachi Burger may throw some off it's Bao meets, Boba, meets grillarama****** I wish these guys had got in before the Subway on the corner of the building it's a much better spot. The interior is really not to my liking too stark and boring. They are new so this may change but it really seems like it was the look that they were going for. The staff was nice though the waitresses seemed nervous and uncomfortable it's all new so I am looking past all of this. I had the Kalbi burger it was really good I'm a kimchi fan so it was right up my alley. This thing is messy as hell in a good way 4 napkin minimum. My only wish on my burger was that they use a rougher cut of Kimchi. The salt and pepper fries are solid they toss a few jalapenos in for effect as well. On the drinks side they have a good selection of beers although they are a little up there in price if I'm paying 7 dollars for a Sapporo it had better be a large format bottle. I will definitely go back if for nothing else to tear through all the Bao selections and have an order of fish & chips. One note, the buns are a little sweet and may throw some off, I thought they were great and very fresh.
4	2nd visit to Bachi - people, this is some damn good food ! But again, can't go 5 star cuz they need to work out the service kinks.had a very long talk with the owner again - good guy and even with the service problems i'll keep hitting this place.  this time:garlic/chili edamame - nice hint of lime, good flavor ( under $4) crab cake burger - my date had this so i only took one bite - great flavor probably better if open faced.grilled cheese - nice grilled bread but the cheese had an inconsistent melt - 1/2 the sammie melted perfectly, the other 1/2 didn't...strange.french fries - cheese and i believe truffle oil - excellent ! pork belly buns - nice flavor - buns a little too big .portugese donuts cherry pop tartThe donuts = devine ; pop tart ...okpics added
4	There are three parts to a burger - the meat, the bun, and the fixings. Bachi Burger nailed them all. I ordered the Kalbi Burger, Salt and Pepper Fries, and Green Milk Tea Boba for lunch. In a word, it was a taste treat.The meat was glazed with a sweet (I want to say BBQ) sauce that penetrated the surface and made it into each bite. The bread was soft, with a nice crust. Easy to get a grip on your burger. The fixings were unique. Spicy, pickled cucumbers and cabbage. It was an unexpected flavor, but it tasted great.The fries were great as well. Golden brown and seasoned perfectly. It came with a sauce that complemented the fries perfectly.I spoke with Guy (owner) and found out that they had only been open for about two weeks. Not bad! The place was busy for a Monday at 1pm. I look forward to bringing my out-of-town friends to this place.
5	Crazy creative. Food was very unique in a good way. I can't wait to try more food.
4	Second those that have said this place has 5 star potential with some service kinks. It is new, however, and I have faith that this place can get it together !Location: like others have said, it's hard to find. Pull into the parking lot across from Vons and aim for the NW corner tucked away. The menu is freaking awesome. Creative. reasonably priced. AND cool drinks! Bada** beers (Honey Wheat, Sam Adams Cherry, as well as the Japanese staples). Priced around $5 a beer that seems about right. We dined for lunch so I tried a Mango milk tea. It was alright. It took like 15 minutes to show up, but again that gets back to those new restaurant service kinks. Grilled cheese - I read Keith's review but stupidly ordered it anyways. It's overpriced ($7) and wasn't special. There's all these yummy gourmet ingredients but honestly the sandwich had the taste/texture/consistency of a white cheddar grilled cheese sandwich. I think they need to work on this dish a bit. Bachi wagyu burger (5 oz for $9). I enjoyed the subtle bbq sauce they added to the burger. The bun was delicious and soft. They had tons of unique burger options but we stuck with the classic. It was a nice take on the classic cheeseburger. The 5 oz size is absolutely perfect. You feel full but not disgusting after eating it! They didn't ask us how we liked it cooked - mb next time we'll specify medium. Either way the burger has so much more flavor and moisture and goodness than Create or Cheeburger in my opinion!Classic fries - really great fries and the pineapple ketchup is uber yummy! Yup we were boring on this choice as well.I love forwad to returning this place over and over again. The menu has so many cool options! Props to them for opening a truly unique burger concept in a town of too many burger joints!
5	I popped into Bachi for a quick bite with my GF after hearing about it from others. Its located in a strip mall next to Subway. There are two entrances so look for a server or manager to get situated once you get inside. I'm from Los Angeles and have had my fair share of high end burgers (i.e. Father's Office, Umami, etc.) but I have to say, with the level of selection and diversity on the menu I already give Bachi a few extra nods. The creativity is awesome and the price is sooo worth it. I had the Kalbi Burger (C'mon I'm Korean, how could I not?) and my girl had the Short Rib Sandwich. The Kalbi Burger came with a side of Cucumber Pickles (Kimchi style). It was something nice to have between bites of the burger. The burger was great, the perfect amount of char and flavor. I didn't think they would be able to capture the essence of kalbi in a burger but if I closed my eyes, I swear it was my momma's BBQ. The bread is too die for. Check it out. Now on to the short rib. It came on some buns that was something like bao or mantou. The short ribs served this way gave it a nice texture and was perfect with the Jasmine Lemonade that my GF ordered. I only had a bite of the short rib since my GF ate the whole thing without sharing! :O So I can only say so much. They have a great beer list which I didn't expect. Ales and crafts as well as Japanese imports. We also had the Bachi pickles which was awesome. It had 6 different pickles done with an Asian flair. Tsukemono style. Great as a snack as well as a palette cleanser. Next came the "wok'd" chili garlic edamame, which reminded me of how Roy's Hawaiian used to serve them. Lo and behold, I learned that the owner/chef used to be the corporate chef of Roy's. Which made a lot of sense with all the house made sauces (try the yuzu horseradish aioli) and gourmet ingredients. All that chef-know-how at a wallet friendly price! Make sure you go and find out for yourself. I just can't wait until I get a chance to make a trip out to Vegas and have some more Bachi.
4	Absolutely amazing burgers, but like others, we had very slow service, even though there were 5-6 people around the entire time.I had the Ronin Burger, and I definitely see myself going back to try others. The others with me had Kiki's Burger, BBQ Bachi Burger American Wagyu, and some of the Steamed Sandwiches.I highly recommend avoiding the steamed ones, as they are extremely small - nothing but a bun with meat, nothing else, and not a lot of either. Absolutely not worth the price for them. (2 tiny things for $8.50 or more depending on meat).Everything else was great, including the truffle parmesan fries and garlic salt & pepper fries.
3	I hate to be the buzz killer in the new buzzing restaurant on Yelp, but I feel I have to.@ Jasmine Green Milk Tea w/ Boba ($3.50) - This is about the price for boba drinks if you go to a boba place. In the taste department, it was good. Nothing really special that makes them stand out like Easy Life Boba or Boba City Cafe.@ Taro w/ Boba ($3.50) - Someone in our group got this. Taro was fine, but they said the boba wasn't cooked in the center. My boba seem fine though.@ Truffle Parmesean Fries ($3.50) - Very good and flavorful fries, mainly because of the truffle oil. This reminds me of the awesome truffle fries at ENVY, except a lot cheaper. Probably the best fries to get out of their offerings.@ Garlic Salt & Pepper Fries ($3.50) - Good and flavorful as well. Taste almost identical to the truffle fries, except without the truffles. Just stick with the truffle fries, you'll get a stronger better flavor. One point I have to ding them on is the cone shape containers serving the fries makings it seem like you're getting more than you really are. Cool presentation but not good for my tummy. I also noticed that someone else from the other table go more fries than us. *Shakes fist*@ BBQ Bachi Burger American Wagyu w/ Cheese ($9 + $1 Cheese) - First bite made me say yes finally a restaurant burger worth its price, I can actually taste the difference in using quality ingredients. I should have spent the extra $3 to get an extra patty. Is there a limit to the # of patties I can get? Like can i get a 100x100 Wagyu burger (bwhaha).@ Ronin Burger & Kiki Burger ($8 each) - The others in our group got this. One says its a lot better than the stuff at Fuddruckers. Both happy with their burger.@ Peking Duck Steamed Buns + Pork Belly Steamed Buns ($8.50) - One person in our group decided to split the orders, so he got to try 1 of each item. This item reminds me in Vegas. Calling something Asian fusion and charging up the wazu for it. This is literally 2 buns with meat in it. Literally. You can get comparable items at Diamond bakery for a $1.25 each, a boba drink at Volcano Tea, and a banh mi sandwich at Hue Thai for a little more than the cost of this item and that would fill you up.  Sure you get a hard boiled egg and I get some salad, but thats still some crazy markup. Either charge less for this item, or give some more value for this item. This is more of an appetizer than an entree. @ Portuguese Donuts w/ Vietnamese Cinnamon + Coffee Gelato ($4) - This is donut holes with cinnamon and a side of coffee ice cream. So Portuguese donuts is a type of donut. But WTF is Vietnamese cinnamon? The waitress said its just cinnamon and it sure is. The donuts were okay (like you have to try to make a donut taste bad), but stuff at Ronalds taste a lot better. The coffee gelato ice cream is just okay as well. I guess they wanted to take a twist on coffee and donuts.@ Cherry Glazed Pop Tart w/ Gelato ($4) - Pop Tart? I think everyone has memories of those Kellogs Pop Tarts you toast into a toaster as a child. Well now that we're all grown up and more sophisticated, we have a restaurant pop tart. The combo of the pop tart and gelato is good. Has a good flakey crust. Definitely something to order if you don't want a coffee based desert.   Service is very friendly. They ensure that everything is good and ask if you need anything. When the kitchen got backed up, the waitress did acknowledge this and apologized.The wait time is a little ridiculous. I don't expect fast food times, but 30 mins is a little ridiculous. Then another 20 minutes for desert. The kitchen got backed up, but how do you get backed up with only 2 table orders? I can imagine how bad it might get when this place gets filled up to a higher occupancy rate.  New restaurants are traditionally understaffed, but surprising this place seem overstaff . On a Friday night, you have 4 waitresses, with only 6 tables with patrons. Over staff at the front of the house much? It seems like there was 1 person solely just making boba drinks, but I saw the waiters making the drinks as well. Then you have another person who looks to be manning the cashier and not doing much. Then you have the overseeing owner or manager taking care of paperwork. With all of these people "busy", you have 2 cooks in the kitchen. Maybe they need to devote more staff to getting the food out in a timely fashion, instead of doing damage control towards its patron for the long wait.The food is good no doubt. But pricing on some items is questionable. Just because something is Asian Fusion or you give it a fancy name, doesn't mean you can charge more for it. They have a friendly staff, but they also need to work on getting food out in a more timely fashion. A great restaurant that might have a bright future if they address some of these issues.
4	Call it Ono Burger instead of Bachi Burger because their Hawaiian-style burgers are so, so good.Ever since Manapua Man closed shop about five years ago, I've been missing my favorite, chubby little hand held snack. Now it's back, split in two, double the price, and served with high-class condiments. Bachi's steamed buns with kalbi short ribs, cilantro and aioli is like gourmet Manapua. For $9, they didn't quite fill me up, so I suggest you go Hawaiian style: convince your buddy that she wants fries, soda, and dessert, then start bummin.'The homemade sodas ($3.50) are the best I've ever had. Bachi also offers a small but delicious selection of beers--Rogue Hazelnut Brown being one of them (thanks Joe W.).I highly recommend the Kiki Burger and the steamed bun dishes. I wouldn't waste stomach space or expense on the fries--just bum them from a friend.
5	Fantastic value for quality food!  Had just about everything on the menu and loved every savory minute of it.  Is worth the 10 min. drive from the strip especially for me being from the OC where we can't get anything close to this!
4	Love this place!!!What a great new addition to the south side of town.  Us locals are really rolling out the red carpet to our new neighbor, Bachi Burger.  With a large comfy couch nestled off to the side, walls displaying pieces by local artists and Jack Johnson and Dave Matthews streaming out of the sound system, it's just like being hanging out with friends at home but with delish eats that I would never be able to pull off.  There are burgers of all types that sound so good you are thinking about what you want to try on your next visit before you've even ordered.  The pickle plate is a crispy, tangy beauty with fun items like lemongrass and ginger.  The ronin burger was a garlic lover's dream and even had a perfectly cooked egg on top.  The crab cake burger was soft and perfectly seasoned.  Try it with their yuzu aioli for added zest.  The garlic & pepper, sweet potato and parmesan truffle fries were all wonderful but the dipping sauces were all beyond compare.  After polishing every delicious bite you probably won't have any room for dessert so take a bag of their homemade toffee home to enjoy for the rest of the week.  The only complaint is that so many others already share my love of Bachi Burger and had beat me to the punch on this Sunday evening, leaving the restaurant sold out of edamame, the grilled marinated cod burger and the cherry  pop tart dessert.  No worries, as they are all waiting patiently at the top of my "to do" list for next weekend's Bachi Burger outing.
4	I know Bachi is short for Hibachi and all, but does no one know that bachi means idiot in Cantonese?  Seriously?  My girl busted out laughing as we past this place after eating at the Japanese restaurant next door, figure we'd give it a try next time.We ordered the ronin burger, the steamed buns with pork belly, sweet potato fries, truffle parmesan fries, matcha green tea, and the toffee cake for dessert.  The ronin burger was delicious with the egg yolk over the med-rare kalbi, but the steamed buns were a bit pricey for two small pieces even though it was good.  Both fries were pretty good eats.  I'll stick with my matcha green tea smoothie from Jamba next time, the tea was too grassy for my taste.  And unfortunately the toffee cake tasted like something pre-packaged, just ok.We'll definitely come back to try some of the other burgers.
4	Made is to Bachi Burger after reading rave reviews....omg. yum.I tried:The Ronin-Fave! It is soo incredibly good, I wish I got more then just a bite of it, I might order it next time I go...The Kiki- It was also really good, I would order it again.The Lonely Bird- This one was just "eh" to me, compared to the other burgers. I probably wont ever order it for myself, but recommend it to those who enjoy turker/chicken burgers...That's Cheesy- This was REALLY good, for a grilled cheese. I'm not quite sure I'd order it again though.The bachi pickles were also really interesting, I ordered some and no one at the table really liked them. I gave them all a try and thought they were some interesting flavors and textures...it was worth the try, but wouldn't try it again.the FRIES:Truffle parm: YES, Yes, YES. So good, I almost ordered another order...but we really didn't need anymore food.The garlic salt and pepper: these were also nummy! But I suggest the truffle parm over them!When we were done eating I ordered the Pop tart, but they didn't have any...so I ordered macadamia nut toffee cake...it wasn't bad...but I wasn't impressed with it. We also ordered a strawberry smoothie, which I felt tasted a little off.Go and Enjoy it! It was awesome!!
3	Well, when i was told where we were eating, i was kind of worried, didnt sound like my cup-o-tea.  But i figured, "hey, its burgers, should be fun."  When we walked in, there was only one table, with two guys at it and the waitress wanted to put us right next to them, at a lil table against the wall.  But as some of us know, "you dont put RLB in the corner," and im a lil claustrophobic, so she moved us to a bigger table and off the wall.The waitress seemed to be new, maybe just had the training wheels taken off, but she was very polite and was able to answer our questions.I went with what has been dubbed "their plain burger."  I thought that the meat had a great flavor to it, but what threw it off was the sweet bun that it was on.The salt & pepper garlic fries were GREAT!!!  They even through in jalepenos(which one snuck up on me.)All in all, it was a good experience.  3 may be a lil low to many of yall, but our taste buds and what we like, will always be different.
5	If i had more time i seriously would have ordered a second burger! It was that fraggle-rockin good. I heard so much about this place here on Yelp and im not really one to follow the crowd but the damn place was right around the corner from my office so i had to try it. Found in kind of an odd spot off of Windmill in a small commercial center next to Subway, upon entering the place was decorated rather sparse with a few pictures on the wall and minimalistic style table and chairs but it was nice artwork and the place was clean so nothing wrong there. The service was nothing spectacular but still good enough for me not to hate the place, as the gentleman tried to be as helpful as possible in my selection of lunch. NOW FOR THE FOOD ! So one of my lovely Yelpers took a picture of this amazing "Ronin Burger" and it was love at first site and was the reason i went to this place honestly. I proceeded to order my Ronin with the truffle parm fries.... Ronin - A beautiful terriaki burger with coleslaw, caramelized onions and a fried egg "woot woot" served on a sweet bun. Wholly mother of something!... amazing flavor, little sweet, some tang, and a big portion of tasty in there. Every time  a piece of this gorgeous burger hit my plate i proceeded to pick the plate clean of the scrap because i didnt want to waste any of it. So savory, well cooked and executed perfectly in a bun. It takes alot to get 5 stars out of me an they got it, in a simple hamburger. Parm truffle fries - These were soso, sure tasty, sure light crispy and flavorful but nothing to write home about in my book. They did come with a small side of sun dried tomato goo that went well with them but still i was way more into the burger than anything else at the table. People i tell you im real big on a good burger and at a reasonable price, Burger Bar use to take my vote for my favor burger spot but they have just been over taken by Bachi. I will go back to try another one of these well crafted burgers and advise you all to do the same. Burger - 10/10Fries - 8/10 Service - 8/10 Location and atmosphere - 8/10
4	Finally, the wait is over, and it's time for the Marmot to weigh in on the latest Yelp flavor-of-the-month, Bachi Burger. Believe it or not, but when I decided to eat here, I was actually 100% in the dark about the place. Driving by the site a jillion times over the past months, I finally saw people inside & dining last week. Last night, Bobby H. and I decided that "the new burger place on Windmill" sounded good. We had no idea what was in store for us - would the place be cheap or expensive? casual or not? sit down? take out?  Being that we were on our way home from Yogurtland, we already had our passports and were up for adventure. So to Bachi Burger we went!And boy was it a good thing that we were feeling jaunty. The place has 2 doors, one in the front and one in the back. But as we approached the Windmill side of the building, we had no idea if we were in the right spot or what we were supposed to do be granted entrance.  So I just opened the first unlocked door I could get my hands on. In we walked, to be greeted by a small'ish restaurant - entirely vacant save for us and the staff.  And we were outnumbered 3-1. After an awkward but friendly greeting, we sat a 2-top and started to take in the menu.Taking in the menu took much longer than you would've guessed for a 1-sheet burger joint, and was filled with a disproportionate amount "Dude, check this out" and "Holy shit, that sounds good" (along with an occasional "I wonder if anyone's Yelp'ed this place yet!?" from me). While we were deciding, our 100% adorable waitress came back often to check on us and offer more drinks (which was a portent of things to come). The menu has been covered pretty well in other posts, and the food mostly has too, so I won't get in too much depth here. We started with the garlic & truffle edamame, which were good, but very oily and better with additional salt. I had the Kiki's Burger, which was fucking awesome, and Bobby H put together his own bbq burger, con ketchup, bacon, and cheese. He was pretty blown away by his, especially considering the plain-seeming list of ingredients. We split some salt & pepper fries with our burgers, and we were both very fond of them. After our burgers, I had a cup of Vietnamese coffee, which ended up being a bit of a travesty, since neither Adorable Waitress nor msyelf are particularly well-informed about the customs of said coffee. Check time eventually came around, and with a disproportion-ally large tip the total came to $42.xx. $42 is not a lot of money at all for a dinner for 2, buutttttttt....$42 is kinda a lot of money for 1 order of edamame, 2 not-huge burgers, 1 order of fries, 2 sodas, and 1 cup of coffee.  Especially in a place with paper napkins. We were not unhappy, but it's not exactly a bargain. On service & awkwardness: Reading other reviews now on Yelp, I see mention of issues with slow service. On this matter, we had 0 qualms. For all I know the service might have been quote-unquote slow, but I personally enjoy a leisurely meal, and at no point did I or Bobby feel like we were waiting around for anything. But that's not to say the service was perfect.  When you walk in, you have no idea what the process is to sit down and eat. No "Please Wait to be Seated" sign, no clearly demarcated place to stand and wait for a hostess, etc. And shortly after starting our edamame, Adorable Waitress brought us hand-sanitizer wipes - like giant-sized moist wipes from rib places or casino coffee shops, but with kanji all over the wrapper. Maybe we're just not continental enough, but it confused the fuck out of us. Yeah, I know that I have bouts of social awkwardness that make Larry David look like The Dude, but I can't be the only one who's felt a little uncomfortable or confused here. Adorable Waitress seemed about as familiar with her duties as we were, which only added to her adorableness, but didn't make the meal any easier. That's not to say that either of us was at all displeased with her service; any lack of knowledge was replaced with large amounts of friendliness. Friendliness and tenacity. The girl came by our table very frequently, and each of us turned down more than a couple of offers for a refill.In summation: we really fucking like this place. It's not perfect, but it's unique, conveniently located, and open till 2AM (which will certainly come in handy).PRO-TIP: This one's for the establishment. Bachi Burger, please figure out what kind of restaurant you want to be and pick matching music. Whatever semi-trendy shit that was playing when we first sat down lent an aire of hipness, but the Jack Johnson garbage that came on later definitely made the place feel like the Henderson strip-mall burger joint that it is. Nothing makes a $9 burger feel overpriced like light rock.
3	This is in my 'hood and I came in really wanting to be WOW'd by the place. But what I didn't expect was a walk down memory lane.Service 101 memory lane.1) Always greet the customer when they enter the restaurant. Bachi Burger could really embrace the hipness of the restaurant by shouting out "Hello" or "Goodbye" when people enter and leave the restaurant. Choose a language. Shout a burger name. Something.BUT DO NO LEAVE THE CUSTOMER STANDING AT THE DOOR UNSURE OF SEATING THEMSELVES OR WAITING.What's sad is that there weren't *busy* at the time and even the manager who was by the door didn't greet me. He was busy making change for someone at the register. I know y'all can multitask and look up for a split second to smile and say, "Hello! We'll be right with you!"2) Bus the tables, immediately.It's gross to walk into a restaurant when there's a bunch of dirty tables.Again... the restaurant wasn't busy. In fact the waiter told me, "Whew! we just got through with the busiest night!"Great.But just because I came at the end of the rush doesn't mean I should have to sit in a dining room of dirty glassware and dirty tables. When I was showed to my table, the waiter paused at 2 tables before deciding the 3rd table was the winner. I had to laugh out loud because it seemed so disorganized to me. I think he mistook my laughter and explained the other tables hadn't been wiped down. He was very sweet and the poor guy tried to explain his way out of not greeting me and the dirty tables.What really got me was that the waitstaff physically expressed their tiredness from the rush by leaning on tables, stretching in the dining room and squatting to stretch their legs.Hey gang. Do that in the kitchen where the customer can't see you.Better yet, get a move on and get the dining room cleaned up.3) Know the menu.I've never been here so when I ask the waiter what do you recommend and you look at me blankly and say the burgers.... you've totally lost points with me. BURGER is in the name of the restaurant. I KNOW the burgers are supposed to be good. But which one? Why? What's in it? What's your favorite? You're the freakin' expert. You got trained, right?4) Don't sweep the floor in front of me when I'm eating.We're not at McDonald's. 5) Be attentive to your tables and the ones around you. If you're going to help a fellow waiter out, KNOW WHERE THE GUESTS are in their meal. I had a waiter try to take the plates I was eating from three separate times. Really? I'M STILL EATING. You're cute and sweet but go away!Learn to read the table. You don't have to come ask me every 5 minutes if I'm okay. You can tell if I'm okay by walking by the table and observing. If I make eye contact and LOOK like I need you, THEN come over.6) Sense of urgency. Yeah, the rush may be over but there's still work to do. Watching a waiter mull around a dining room is unnerving. It's about as fun as walking into a store and watching the shop girls gossip with each other instead of servicing the customer and getting ready for more customers.Finally... for the food.....I had the Kurobuta sausage appetizer and the sausages were cooked perfectly with a slightly crisp skin that clicked as your teeth pierced through. I could have used more mustard though. The last 2 sausages were eaten dry because there wasn't any more mustard in the dish.The truffle fries were good when the kitchen went heavier on the truffle the second try. Pork belly steam buns were an unusual twist on the peking duck buns. The horseradish sauce was pretty good with it but I particularly liked dipping the sliced boiled egg in it.What was most memorable to me was the cherry yuzu soda. I loved it. It was delicious. I'd come back just for the soda.The potential to be great is totally here. Nice people work here. But they need better training. They don't realize they're doing anything wrong.If I could see and taste past the service, the food is good. But once a guest has a sour taste in her mouth because of the service, it's hard to get past it.I know these guys are new and working out the kinks. I really want to love this place so I'll come back in a month or so to see if the service has changed and when I do, I'll update this review.
2	Ok so here it goes. This review needs numbers:1) We (myself, Blanche and her bf Mark) walked in the door at approx. 8:45 pm. It was pretty busy they had a large table of about 9 people and a few groups of people. There were about 6 empty two person tables. Sitting in the waiting area were two parties, one party of 3, one party of 2. Weird, since there are tables open. No signs saying "Please Wait to Be Seated" and no employees coming over to say Welcome or Be Right With You. Servers and people behind the counter seemed to ignore that more people were walking in.2) Got worried when the party of 2 that was waiting left. Another party of 4 walked in and started to wait. They waited a few minutes then also left! Finally a server walks over, ignores us completely, and goes to the group that was waiting of 3 and calls there name to follow him. Wait... he had there name?! I walk over to counter and ask the guy behind it if I need to put a name down, he says yes! Ok, "John party of 3". He has the nerve to go "about 15 minutes". I purposely laugh out loud and was very close to saying forget about it, but was dying to see what all the fuss was about these burgers. About 2 minutes later he calls over to me and says "5 minutes".3) So we finally get seated at 9:02 pm. A 17 minute wait with open tables. As we are getting seated a group of about 7 walk in and a server happened to be standing right there and he says it will be a few minutes. They waited about 10-15 minutes and walked out when nobody came back over to them.4) The guy that  Allison J talks about as the server was ours as well. He reminded us of Jimmy Fallon. Kind of neurotic and trying to make up for the stuff that wasn't his fault was funny and annoying at the same time.5) Left menus with us when we sat and took a bit to come back. (didn't ask if we wanted any drinks when he sat us). By the time he came back we were ready to order drinks and food. Blanche orders Mango Boba Tea ($3.50), the Ronin Burger ($8) and Truffled Parmesean Fries ($3.50). Mark orders just a basic Bachi Burger with no veggies and add egg, bacon and blue cheese ($8.50 w/ additions). I order the Wagyu Steakburger add swiss cheese ($13). Mark orders a Coke and me a water.6)My water comes out right away but no coke or mango tea. He says Coke is out it will be a minute and tea will be out soon. Comes back in a bit with tea still no Coke. Says Coke is still out did Mark want root beer or anything else. Mark asks for just a water. I watch him go back and grab drinks for another table that came after us and bring those over then do something else, then finally go get Marks water.7)Skipping a while here and a few times them coming over and promising the food soon. At 9:50 we receive our food! 9:50!!!! We waited 50 minutes from sit down to food. We were very tempted to walk out a few times but we drove from summerlin to try this place and I was not leaving without a burger.8)Food was good but hard to enjoy because we were so aggravated. Only mistake was Mark's burger had no egg which was what he was looking forward to the most. He let our server know so he would take it off bill but did not want it brought back (for obvious reasons). Everyone seemed to like the food but nobody thought it was anything all that special. My steakburger had a lot of flavor but I thought a tad bit overcooked. I was pretty disappointed that I paid a $1 for cheese and got what didn't even look like a full slice of swiss cheese on my burger. 9)OK- the decor and atmosphere of this place is lousy. It has no "vibe" to it at all. You think Asian-American fusion you think this is gonna be a cool place. Not at all, its dull and boring with bright lights and uncomfortable tables and chairs. The walls are plain with a few HDTV's and paintings that are for sale. Problem is the paintings are just random ones and don't go with anything. The music sucked it was just like 70s and 80s rock and added nothing to the atmosphere. Ceilings were too high with nothing there to give it any visuals at all. Felt like a fast food joint. Oh and the placemats sucked! (haha had to add that in for Blanche) They actually were very uncomfortable and kinda hurt when you leaned on them. Which we were doing a lot of with how long we had to wait. Food: 4 out of 5Atmosphere: 1 out of 5Service: 1 out of 5 Most likely will not be going back seeing as I'm moving next month. They need a lot of work. I understand they are still somewhat new but that is enough to get them by on a few things but not this disaster. I have worked for a restaurant that was just opening and we did not have those kind of problems ever.  My expectations were high with all the 4 and 5 stars on Yelp and I'm sure you all had good experiences I don't doubt that at all. But you probably went at a better time. For the amount of people working and them not being packed. This was just sad. They lost 14 customers in the hour and a half we were there!
4	The hype on Bachi Burger rose to new levels for me after my friend michael m's review of this place showed up as Review of the Day.  So I was expecting great things when we rolled in here yesterday.  First of all, I was surprised that it was Asian-influenced burgers - I thought this was going to be a better version of Fatburger or something.  (Sorry Mike, I didn't actually read your review.)  Somewhat skeptical, I ordered the "banh mi" burger and the garlic salt/pepper fries.  I was not disappointed with how tasty it was.You can read the multitude of other reviews created by more polished writers than myself to get a sense of the food.  Despite being in a typical Vegas strip mall, the decor makes for a "hey this place is pretty cool"-type meal with friends or maybe a casual date.  There are some nice stylistic touches like the silver cup used for the french fries and pint glasses that have a sold feed to them.  Suffice to say, I'll be back to try the other burgers.
4	I'm not a big fan of burgers but good thing they have a fish burger. The price is pretty pricey. About 15 bucks which includes fries and drink. Dam that's a lot. Not only the burger, drinks, and fries are pricey but the wait is long. It took an hour for us to get our food. If you read the reviews, the wait is pretty long. I think the owner came and asked how we were doing and we asked how long does it take to make the burger. He said 12 mins.  Hmmmmm.... Why did it take an hour?? Anyways, the fish burger I got was really good. I really liked the fried too. I would definitely come back to this place if I'm in town.
3	I am not gonna pile on as there have been several resent reviews that more succinctly echo my sentiment on the service or lack there of here. I REALLY want to like this place, they have just quickly become a victim of their own success. I will be back!
4	So when you walk in to a new restaurant after the Yelp cycle has been kicked up and there are so many 5 star reviews from random people or even some friends you have this level of anticipation and expectation.  I alluded to this in a previous review. Its probably not warranted but, its unavoidable! So I went with a few friends to Bachi Burger, giddy as a school..... boy.Bachi is oddly located in a strip mall so I missed it on the first pass and unfortunately for them they have an entry door on either end of the place so I imagine it can be hard tracking the new arrivals.  The venue itself is a small sit down type place that is clean, modern, and simple.  The 2 flat screens on the wall had news and foodtv running for some entertainment variety.Our server came up quick after being seated and drink were served right away. The menu (if the name didnt give it away already) is asian inspired and has several options for food and drinks (yay boba tea). I ordered the Kiki burger and the truffled parmesan fries.  The first thing you taste on the burger is the bun and oh boy was it tasty!  Its an asian style sweet bun and it is awesome. The meat was very fresh and all the ingredients had a good harmony together and everything tasted great. The fries I expected to have more of a truffle flavor but, fell just a little short.The only thing that kinda bugged me was our server kept trying to take plates that had a little food left on it. Now here is the kicker I would highly recommend this place to anyone here in town but, it only got a 4 star review from me.  Why? Because 5 stars is perfection. And this place fell just short on the flavor profiles. Everyone at the table agreed it was a great burger at a great price but, we just weren't blown away. I will be coming back shortly and ordering a few other things and will update this review then!
4	I randomly read about this place on Yelp and since I was going to be in Vegas, I decided to try it out.  It's nice to eat off the Strip sometimes.  It is definitely oddly located, and we missed it at first.  It was pretty dead for lunch, so we didn't have to wait long to get our food.  So we asked about the beef, and it turns out that the beef comes from Kansas and some other corn states.  The waiter had to ask someone in the back, but he said that the cows are grass fed.  They ground all the meat in-house.Prices are definitely on the pricier side considering the portions.  In fact, my friend had to order another burger to split w/ someone bc he was still hungry.  All the burgers had a similar taste - I think the patties were glazed with some sort of sweet sauce, but the toppings made a difference.  We tried three burgers, and all were good, though I liked the Bachi Burger the best.  -Bachi Burger, Kalbi Burger, and Bahn Mi Burger - I'd recommend all of them, though the Kalbi Burger was nothing special.  The kim chee they use is not spicy at all and is made from regular cabbage.  -Pork Belly Buns - Good but not filling at all.   You get two tiny buns.  Nice for a snack, maybe.-Truffle Parmesan Fries - Shoestring crispy fries.  Yummy!!  We also asked for a side of the pineapple ketchup - they should really bottle that stuff.  -Hawaiian Sea Salt Coffee ($3.50) - This had an interesting taste bc the whipped cream was made w/ salt.  It wasn't as sweet as I would have liked but it was definitely different.Another friend came later and ordered the turkey/chicken burger, but it never came.  Apparently the waiter forgot, so she ended up canceling it after waiting a long time.  The bill came to about $51, not including tip.  Our waiter, who reminded me of Jimmy Fallon but taller, was nice and did his best to answer all our questions.  I'd definitely come back my next trip to Vegas, though I wish the portions were bigger!!PS:  The website says they are open daily from 11 a.m. to 2 a.m. but they had a sign on the door stating they close at 10 p.m. on Sundays.  Not sure which is true, but I'd go with the sign!
3	So i returned to Bachi after all my talk to friends about the famed Ronin only to kinda feel like a jerk off for bringing anybody to this place. My previous experience was for a lunch which had maybe about half the place filled and my burger came out in somewhat of a reasonable time. This time around it was a totally different experience as it was dinner and there were only 2 other tables that were being served. You would think because of this that the food might have come out quicker but this was far from the case as it took almost 40 minutes to get our food from order to food on the table. Not to mention the fact that the waitress was way off her game, she managed to mix up everybody's drink at the table, not know what burger went to who when they FINALLY came out and after being asked 3 separate times for "NO ONIONS" on one of the burgers at our table it still came out with onions on it. The service here is far sub par for a restaurant with such high ratings from the public. Sure the food is good but i personally will not come back as the wait was truly ridiculous, the service was incredibly lacking, and the fact that i was STILL HUNGRY after my meal is just not acceptable to me. I don't remember ever leaving Burger Bar hungry so ill probably just continue going there till i find something else. Its just OK people for a trip to a restaurant... if you must try it be prepared for the bad service and the LONG wait for your food as countless others have already expressed on this site.
1	NEVER AGAIN. I would end the review there because I refuse to spend more time on this place (and hope that no one else wastes their time either) but I guess this deserves some explanation. Got here a little before 1 PM and was seated with the boyfriend. We were handed menus by a girl who said, "Uhhh I'll let you have a minute to look this over and then send someone over." Uh oh. Already knew that no one had any clue what they were doing and could already tell this was not going to be a good indication of what was to come. 5-10 minutes go by and we haven't even gotten drinks yet - or have been able to order them for that matter. We push our menus to the side and gaze at the workers behind the counter to see if someone is going to wait on us. A guy finally comes by and takes our order after explaining that there was some issue with the computer. Rule #1: The customer doesn't care what is wrong. We are just hungry. Let us order and just apologize quickly for the wait. When I ordered my edamame I physically had to point to the item on the menu since he wasn't sure which of the three I ordered. No, I'm not kidding. 5 minutes after ordering we finally get our drinks - water. Yes it took about 20 minutes to get water. About 5 minutes after that we get our edamame. It doesn't look like the truffle oil and garlic oil edamame I ordered and I ask him if this is the correct one. He says yes and walks off. Well guess what? It wasn't. It was the chili one. I physically pointed to the menu which one I wanted, then ask as it is set down if it is the correct one, and it's not? It's not like there are 100 different edamames on the menu - there are three. Had to get his attention to get us a new batch which came out a lot quicker this time. It was good, but had too much garlic oil that overpowered the truffle oil, and it was way too oily. Each piece was dripping - not too appetizing. The waiter comes by a couple minutes later to give us the sweet potato fries (which were very very good, although I didn't like the sauce too much) to tell us our food is ready but they're waiting on the pickles. WTF? Then he tells us he is going on break and someone else will be covering our table. Right. Food comes out a couple minutes later. The grilled cheese I got was okay, but totally not worth $7. Matt got a Ronin burger which he thought was alright as well but didn't like some of the mix of flavors. The same waiter who I guess didn't go on break comes by and asks us if we want dessert which we say no, and then asks us if we want the check and hands it to us. We walk up to the counter to pay and I hand it to the girl there and say I am going to be paying cash. SHE WALKS OFF. SHE FUCKING WALKS OFF WITH NO EXPLANATION TO GET FOOD AT THE COUNTER. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Our waiter comes by a minute later, my mouth agape and I pay and get out of there. I said in a previous review that Macaroni Grill was the worst service I have ever had, but this takes the cake. I would rather exclusively eat at the Macaroni Grill for the rest of my life than return to Bachi Burger. All in all it took us over an HOUR to have what at other places would be a quick 30-40 minute lunch. No one knows what the hell they are doing and they also seem like they don't care either. The food was alright, but not enough to make me ever come back with that kind of service or lack thereof. Jesus Tap-dancing Christ on a cracker, if you hold your sanity dear to your heart do not go to this place because the service is absolutely appalling and I refuse to return to this establishment because of it.
2	I ordered the Ronin burger and wanted medium rare.  Waiter says chef recommends medium.  I say OK Medium it is.  The burger comes well done and dried up.  Egg was overcooked.  No flavor, extremely blandChili chicken appetizer wasn't bad, but the chicken itself was dry.  Also extremely expensive for the amount of food you get.Prices are pretty high for "local vegas standards".  I use to live in Vegas, and paying $10-$12 for a burger (without sides) is pretty expensive.  I can get a $12 customizable burger loaded with toppings and sauces (The Counter), or an F.O. burger in LA for the same price....I don't expect to pay this in the boondocks of Vegas/SummerlinWhat I liked:  Variety, serves beer, parmesan friesWhat I didn't like:  blandness of food, slow service/poor, overpriced
3	Excited to eat Asian inspired burgers we made our trek to Bachi Burger (it wasn't much of a trek I live a few minutes from it) -O.K. right off the bat I didn't like the sitting arrangement, I don't like that larger parties (more than two people) are being shoved all together in the middle. It felt uncomfortable, I think the tables should be  better placed, there is enough room in there for that. Other than that it was clean but our young lady waitress was a bit confused with the menu. Maybe it was her first day ,I don't know-I just hate asking questions and having my answer be - UMM, I DON'T KNOW!! We told the waitress that the BF's Coke was a Diet Coke(I tasted it, definitely Diet!!) and her response was "No it isn't" - Great start to the evening....The food= Ronin Burger-I like that my burger was crispy and very well done (cooking meat habachi style will do that) I thought it was good and tasty. The bread was good, I would've liked more Japanese slaw and sauce on mine though.I forgot that it had egg yolk -YUCK!- but I just smashed the burger and it all came out one side, if there's a will there's a way!!!I think the fries could've been seasoned more but I did like the dipping sauces. We also tried the Thin Steak  Burger-Tender and enjoyable American classic burger- The BF was not impressed, he said he's had better...Dessert-Portuguese Donuts with Rocky Road Ice Cream(we didn't want coffee) The donuts were good, very different from other malasadas that I've had.Bottom Line- I would go back to try other stuff, I think it's too pricey, they should give more food, staff should know their job, but yeah I liked my food, I'd go back...
4	Owned by Hawaii people so, gotta support the islanders living local in this Sin City =)The food was pretty good but, the better bang for your buck is to eat the "make your own" burgers. Sweet potato fries and spicy edamame were on point but, the truffle fries needed......maybe, more truffle oil???My BIG suggestion is that Bachi Burger have late night; food and drink specials! With Island Sushi down the road with their own specials, Bachi Burger needs to compete and step up their "specials" game!!!p.s. one of the owners is kinda hot....jus sayin'...nice view :p
4	Great, unique eats.  I had the "crusty crab" burger and my friend had the peking duck buns.  The truffle fries were amazing.  I do have to admit the service was a little...iffy.  Our food took  45mins to come out (not that busy in the place) and then they only brought out my burger; not my friend's food or even the fries to hold her over!  The manager did come over and explain there was a mix up in the kitchen and he ended up not charging for the duck buns since they took another 15minutes after that...Definitely necessary after the wait.  The server did keep our drinks full, but the whole demeanor of the restaurant  crew screams "new staff".  Dessert is a must!  We tried the "pop tart" and the Vietnamese doughnuts (SO GOOD!). The food kept this review in the 4 star range.
2	Eh...its not your typical burger....purina yuppie chow!!
4	Mmmm Bachi burger I was impressed with you. The service was pretty good, decor was plain but nice and the food was also pretty good.The truffle fries and the sweet potato fries will definitely be a problem for my diet but the truffle fries just needed a little more truffles. And the crab cake burger was perfect, the right amount of crab without too much dressing slapped on to take away from the taste. Only complaint is that I just wasn't a fan of the actual burger themselves. Not to say that they're not good, it's just that angus beef wasn't exactly to my liking but others definitely enjoyed it.
3	before you bite my head off, I gave it a 3 based on texture issues and that's a huge thing for me when it comes to food. Ambiance, service & flavor are a 4 but I couldn't get past the texture of the overall burger. Okay. Here we go. We wanted to try this place after returning from Los Angeles and eating an Umami burger. From some of the yelp reviews this place seems to be a rising star with the exception of the service. I'm happy to say that they took our reviews into account and service is great. Now for the review. I wanted a great burger, something different in town besides the usual burger joints. After reading about this place, despite service issues, I needed to try it for myself.  My husband and I headed down and we were seated as we approached the front counter. They need a "please wait to be seated" sign because the layout makes one assume that it's a place where you order at the counter. Anyway, we were seated by this adorable waitress and our drink orders were taken immediately. The menu is simple and unique from any other burger place here. We decided on chili fried chicken appetizer, 2 kiki burgers, one truffle fries and one garlic, and 1 honeydew boba shake. The appetizer was good but luke warm making me assume it sat at the window for a moment. The flavors were really good but the plate wasn't what I expected. It's small boneless nuggets, not wings like I assumed. Still tasted great. The fries and burgers didn't take more than ten minutes and were nicely plated. All the aoilis were great. I was hoping that the aoli was made to order but I think it was made in a large batch. Still it was good and the one served with the truffle fries was so good that we ordered another side of it. As everyone says, all seasoned dries need more seasoning because it's not penetrating the fries but sitting as a sprinkle on top after being put in the cones.   as for the burger, the flavors are right on but here's the kicker-the texture needs work. Here's what I mean. When you have the caramelized onions, soft greens, soft mushrooms and bacon and then the burger has a pate-like texture, it's slightly off putting. (see my cut open pic). I can see where some feel that the burger is too mushy, because it's texture is super soft rather than having that firmness that burgers have. Despite this, I enjoyed the flavor profile. Nicely done. For those who enjoy the meat flavor in their burgers, places like this aren't for you. This place is about turning other foods into burger form. I would eat here again but I hope they try to add more textures into their burger. Try a cheese twill instead of sliced cheese to give it a change from the mush and softness of the burger and toppings. Other than that I liked it. The honeydew boba was nice, too. You should give it a try for something unique. This place is about the experience, and you'll get a good one.
3	So I recently completed my 2nd trip to Bachi, this time with the ever-popular Gordon H, and while the restaurant didn't change much, it turns out that my opinion did. When I originally sat down to write this update, I thought my overall impression had not changed from my first review, but, as I was writing, things developed a little differently. Food: This time I had the "That's Cheesy" or whatever they call their grilled cheese. It sounded awesome on the menu, but in practice it was maybe so-so. There was a pretty good amount of cheese, and it was made well enough, but it just wasn't very tasty. Without a veggie burger on the menu, this is pretty much the only meat-less entree choice - so I definitely couldn't bring a vegetarian here. Gordon had the Kikis, and, after an initial wave of too-much-garlic, found it to be enjoyable. Service: The service was better than Yelp might lead you to think. Adorable Waitress was not serving many tables, which is probably a good choice for Bachi overall, but definitely not as far as I'm concerned. Consequently, we got Generic Asian Waitress. Her service was rendered adequately, but only adequately, and totally devoid of any charm. Say what you want about the flaws of my precious Adorable Waitress, but I'll take the more flawed service that comes with some personality over a technically-superior but totally bland serving automaton. Especially at a small, independent restaurant. Which brings me to: New conclusion: Bachi totally needs to up their game. Yes, the burgers and fries are pretty damn good. Yes the food is unique. But the decor is generic and effectively-identical to the numerous Asian restaurants we have in town, the service goes from simply horrible to presentable but lifeless, and the prices aren't exactly cheap. I already find myself bored with the menu after 2 visits, and there really isn't anything else about the place that makes it attractive. One reason I prefer independent establishments is that they FEEL LIKE SOMETHING DIFFERENT!  Something other than the faceless ownership and bland environs of Chain Food Hell. And when an indie place falters, aspects like cheap prices or awesome service can bolster them. But Bachi lacks nearly all of the positive traits of a small business. Personality? None. Bargains? Zero. Service? Conspicuously lame. So that leaves the food. And while it's admittedly good at Bachi, it's not *that* good.PRO-TIP: Another for the establishment. MANAGEMENT: Take a page from your competition and BE PERSONABLE! You're a brand new restaurant that only gets by with word of mouth AND you have a unique concept....so why isn't the owner or manager greeting customers when they walk in or sit down, introducing himself and the concept for the restaurant? Not only does it help to better sell the place, but it makes it easier to give you the benefit-of-the-doubt when something goes wrong.
4	With all these glowing reviews, we finally hauled our bootays over to the other side of town to try it.  Boy, were we satisfied!-Apple Lychee Soda - way too sweet for my taste.  however, for those sweet drink lovers, this had plenty of lychee flavor.-Truffle Parmesan Fries - Didn't care much for the sundried tomato aioli on the side, but these truffle fries are the best I've had outside of a gourmet restaurant.  They stayed crispy and salty with just enough of the truffle parm aroma and taste.-Garlic Salt & Pepper French Fries - I didn't enjoy this as much.  I've had really bomb diggity salt & pepper flavor at other Asian restaurants on various other accompaniments.  So in comparison,it could have used more flavor blast.-Kalbi Burger - This was great!  The flavors of a kalbi short rib in a burger patty made it super flavorful and the patty was juicy.  The kimchi inside gave it that extra tangy and spicy kick.  The pickled cucumber panchan on the side was good.-The Crusty Crab -  I enjoyed the crab cake inside, but I did not enjoy the mango chutney paired with it.  That's probably me just being biased because I generally don't like salty + super sweet together.-The Lonely Bird - This was actually really enjoyable also.  Chicken and Turkey usually scream "i'm-too-healthy-don't-eat-me," but the Herb Pesto sauce made it moist and flavorful.-BBQ Bachi Burger 5 oz American Wagyu - This was just a regular burger combination, but what made it stand out was the wonderful bbq flavor char and juicy burger patty.  Bravo, Bachi burger.  Bravo.Vietnamese Coffee - I quote my friend, "nasty," and she's the queen of drinking Vietnamese coffeeConclusion:  Fun, flavorful and juicy burgers with above average fries.  Tip:  If you can help it, go before lunch time rush because I can see how it can get to be a little touch and go with the service.  We came right before the lunch time rush, so service was decent right up until the lunch time rush started and we were waiting forever for one Vietnamese coffee.
4	Went here with my boyfriend on a Thursday [5.27] & heard about this place from my coworkers about a month earlier. It was a bit of a drive for me, but hey~ they're open until 1am! Definitely worth the drive because this place is going green & sell local art that they have as decor :) They also have a flat screen tv by one entrance & a lounge/couch area right by the restroom by the other entrance.I wanted to try the mango or honeydew boba, but the server said that they were powdered flavors :/ I ended up getting the green milk tea with boba & that worked just fine.I ordered Kiki's burger; sauteed shitake with mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, garlic chili with aioli on the side. This burger was awesome~ everything about the description made it sound great, & it was! The buns for the burgers are sweet, definitely a good size portion because all of my buddies know that I'm a slow eater.I ate half of the burger to save room for dessert; Portuguese donuts that had Vietnamese cinnamon & coffee gelato. This really hit my sweet tooth & I'm not a super sweets kinda person, so I let my boyfriend inhale most of the donuts while I ate most of the coffee gelato :9 The service was good, since they are still a new restaurant I noticed that once in a while another employee would be shadowing &/or supervising the server. I know she wasn't knowledgeable about some of the questions we had about the menu, but it's totally understandable because I know that they're training for success! This place is doing great so far & I know that they will open one soon on the southwest area! *nudge nudge :)
4	Where do I begin? Can I just start by saying, "amazing, eclectic, and mouth watering.."   If you want to experience a taste of hamburger heaven this is the place to be.  I would have given this 5 stars however, since the restaurant is fairly new, the service has yet to match up to its popular demand.  Although, it took awhile to get our food, it was totally well worth the wait.  The concept of Asian Fusion burgers is such a treat.  What's even more interesting was the story behind the restaurant's name.  From the owner's perspective Bachi is a combo of two things: abbreviated from the term "hibachi" which is Japanese style of grilling and "bachi" also means to treat others how you would like to be treated in return.  I had to opportunity to check this place out on my recent visit to Vegas.  This happens to be my brother's favorite new hot spot for good eats.  We ordered the following:Ronin Burger   8Caramelized Onions, Japanese Cole Slaw, Miso Goma Dressing, Fried Egg, Katsu BBQ, Sweet Bread Bun, Yuzu Citrus Aioli on the side***** This burger gets 5 stars!!!  The combination of the ingredients makes it probably one of the tastiest and eclectic burger I've ever had. This was pure heaven taking a bite out of this fresh succulent burger.      Kalbi Burger   8Ground Beef, Pork, Soy, Garlic, Ginger, Chili Paste, Green Onions, Ciabatta Bun, Kim Chee, Ko Chu Jang Mayo  ***3 stars- Personally I thought this was OK.  There was really no wow factor for me other than the fact that it was served with Kim CheeShort Rib Steamed Buns   9.5Two Tender Braised Wagyu Short Rib Bao Sandwiches, Cilantro, Scallions, Radish Boiled Egg, Chinese Black Vinaigrette, Horseradish Yuzu Aioli   *****5 stars-This was a real treat! Short ribs were extremely tender and the combination of all the ingredients were extremely  complimentary and super scrumptious.Truffle Parmesan Fries   3.5 French Fries, Parmesan Reggiano, Black Truffle, Chives, Sun Dried Tomato Aioli   ****4 stars-Looses a star for the Sun Dried Tomato Aioli, sauce needs more work and kick down more truffle sauce too! Overall, the fries were awesome!Portuguese Donuts, Vietnamese Cinnamon, Coffee Gelato     4***3 stars-I thought this was ok.  The gelato was quite tasty.Overall this place is definitely a must see!  Ambiance is cool! Staff is quite friendly. Price point perfect...   I will definitely be coming back on my next visit to Vegas.
2	the burgers were adequate. i'm undecided about this place since i just moved here. as far as impressions go, and our take-out order......wow........um........my girlfriend must have had the smallest salad in the world in her to go box. come on, for $8.50 you need more than something that couldn't fill up a rabbit........not going back. there ar ebetter deals in town.
5	If you're looking for a burger from another universe, check this place out! Unique flavors will have your mouth watering, well after you leave. As a frequent diner of Bachi Burger, I have tried almost everything on their menu. Nothing has been less than amazing! Try their specialty burgers, I suggest the Ronin, Kalbi, or Banh-Mi Burgers. You will enjoy some of the best flavors your pallet will ever taste. Their fries, are unreal. Crispy, and packed with well balanced flavors you will find nowhere else.They have recently changed their Garlic Salt & Pepper Fries, making them, hands down, the best fries I've ever had!Dessert? Bachi Burger's Strawberry Pop Tarts, and Portuguese Dough-Nuts are superior to most fine dining restaurants. Adding to them, is a side of unique ice creams, you can't get at DQ... Truly the work of a master pastry chef.The service has improved tremendously, and the kitchen staff still putting it down! They get better and better every time I eat there. Making them a well rounded, well oiled machine of awesomeness! Stepping up to the plate to handle the demands of their quickly rising popularity. And still keeping their prices rediculously low, at about $10-$15 per person. Way to go! Amazing what you can do with a staff that cares, huh?I will continue to spend my paychecks with them, until they cut me off..P.S. I suggest the Chili Fried Chicken for an appetizer, they're to die for!
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Lack of cocktails (especially for a place open late).LIKE  The overall menu concept. Apple-lychee soda. Ronin burger. The Lonely Bird. Open 'til 2am. The white chocolate gelato that came with our "pop tart." Our funny server.LOVE  Sweet potato fries.
3	Went there sometime before Memorial weekend with some friends. There was probably about 6 of us and I got the Kiki burge r and sweet potatoe fries. We probably waited an hour before our food came out. The burger was good, the waiting part of it...NO BUENO!!...The guy comes out and asks how things are, one of they guys at my table ask how long it takes to make one of these burgers. Dude says about 12 minutes...12 minutes?....and it took you guys an hour to bring the food out?..what is it a one burner grill in the back or something??...besides the wait.. the burgers are good, small, but good.
2	Slowly sliding down too bad the food really has potential!
5	I am not sure if we just came at the "right time", BUT our service was great, food came out fast, and it was DELISH.  I had the the kalbi burger, my boyfriend had the bahn mi burger, & we split the garlic fries.  All three I would recommend.
2	I really wanted to love this place sinec it was so close to home. But it really fell short. Initial impression of the place was that it looked nice and very clean. We were excited and tried the Wagyu burger and a Ronin burger. Took a while for the server to take the order but we figured it must be busy and it's ok if the food is worth it. Sat aroung for 15 mins, looked around and some people waited for about 15 mins and still didnt get water and have orders taken. Others looked like they have been waiting for a while to get thier orders...How long does it take to cook a hamburger, its not an elaborate meal or anything. So food finally came and we were not impressed. -Salt and Pepper fries: man they smelled soo good but soft, soggy fries are hard to over look expecially when they look store bought. -Wagyu burger: the plate looked very poor in presentation, a $10 burger with the add ons should look a little nicer, a burger in the middle of a plate with nothing else looks dinky, maybe leave it open faced with side sauces or fries to fill space for presentation. Ronin Burger: It was ok, nothing to write home to mom about, the meat tatsed the same as the Wagyu one though. Asked for our check and took forever that to come as well. Seems like the servers take the order and just hang out at the food window instead of walk around and give refills or give any kind of service at all. Overall, this dont not impress at all. Same price as the Burger Bar (minus the foie gras, truffles of course) but not even close to the service at all. Not worth a second try, we both agreed an In-N-Out meal would of been better and less than half price.
4	The Kalbi Burger was very tasty. The fries were some of the best I ever had, but I didn't care for the pineapple ketchup. It became too sweet after a few fries. I also ordered a watermelon boba. It was awful, but since I'm not a boba expert I decided not to deduct a star like I might otherwise.
4	Big ups to my ninja, Reid.  I'd be down to donate blood to you, you iron deficient sumbitch.  I promise it'll make you smarter, faster, stronger, but won't increase the length or girth of your.....sentences?If you're a strict cheeseburger purist, I got one thing to say to you, put an egg in your shoe and beat it.  This place puts an asian touch on burgers (I use the term 'touch' because the term 'fusion' should only be used when speaking about coitus).Ok, so I'm only going to talk (type up) about the burgers only.  It's Friday and I don't feel like doing anything and I'm sure you don't feel like reading any more than you have to.  I'm glad we have agreed upon this arrangement.  Let's shake on it to make it official.The Ronin Burger is aptly named.  The Ronin were samurai with no lord back in the day.  In this case, think of the patty as the Samurai.  Even with all the ingredients used in describing this burger, it stood alone.  No master, or in this case, ingredient to follow.  Not a bad thing.  The burger was still good.  Though description of it would lead you to think it was going to be layered with different flavors and whatnot.The Kalbi burger is like eating Korean BBQ in burger form.  And much like eating the actual Korean BBQ, you'll be burping this up all the way home on that picturesque drive on the 15 southbound.  I would've never have thought about putting kimchee in a burger.  This was better executed than Sadam Hussein was.  You know, with his head all on the ground rolling around and whatnot.I'll take a couple of those Portuguese donuts for the road. Thanks.
5	Excellent first couple of dinning experiences at Bachi burger.  I especially liked the sweet potato fries, kalbi burger, pork buns and portuguese doughnuts with coffee gelato.  Menu selections included innovative burgers, drink, and desert selections.  Service was great by a waiter that reminded me of Jimmy Fallon.  Additionally, the bathrooms were squeaky clean.
2	I want to be clear. I'm giving this place two stars because the service is slow. It took 40 minutes to get our burgers and fries to our table (from the time we ordered). Fortunately for them, they had the Brazil vs Chile World Cup match on TV. It helped the time pass.As for the food, it is certainly good. The Ronin Burger I had was tasty, but extremely messy to eat. They might need to cut back on the sauciness of the burger. I also had Truffle Parmesan Fries. Those were good, but really nothing spectacular. Finally, I had a Lychee Boba Milk Tea. I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.All in all, although I enjoyed the food, I can't get past the slow service. This place is trying to be on the higher end of burger joints. I have no problem with their prices, but don't make me wait so long for the food. I probably won't be back, to be honest.
3	Went here for take-out tonight. I almost drove past it and had to make a u-turn on Windmill so be sure you're on the lookout when going. As others have mentioned, parking is behind the restaurant. If you're in a wheelchair you'd have to enter by the subway and go around to the entrance facing Windmill. There's a waiting area with a leather couch and a table near the bathrooms so that was where I waited after placing my order. The server was very polite and quick to assist me, including a cup of hot green tea while I waited. The tea seemed like matcha or a powdered green tea and was pleasant. The food seems a bit expensive but it is indeed tasty-  would be more reasonable at 3/4ths the price. The mango milkshake was very tasty and made my boyfriend happy. I had the jasmine green tea boba and it was just alright. The boba were smaller than at volcano tea and some were a little too soft. An order of the peking duck dumplings has 3 decent sized little buns filled with several slices of duck, radish, herbs and garnish. They're really tasty, with the soft bun complimenting the savory meat. We ordered the Kiki and Banh mi  burgers as well. Both were tasty, with interesting combinations of textures and flavors to deviate from the standard lettuce, tomato and onion combos. Soy flavors had a strong presence in both, as well as a sweetness from either mirin or sugar. My kiki was a well executed medium rare. Unfortunately by the time I got home some of the fries had gotten soft. I personally like them on the softer side, so I didn't mind too much but something crispy lovers might want to consider before doing take-out.  I'd like to go again  to try the other things they have on the menu, perhaps focusing more on appetizers and sides. The japanese pickles and the sausages both sound promising. It's a little out of the way and a little overpriced for me to be a frequent customer, but it's a pleasant change of pace from the routine and an enjoyable restaurant. The interior isn't the most lavishly seated, but I really like the chalk board menu and use of warm-toned, richly glossed woods and marble throughout. The aioli for the fries is very tasty! An outdoor area would also be a nice addition as they have a covered area, but I don't know if their lease or the infernal Vegas heat would permit it. I'll go back in a month or two and update :} I'm curious to see how things evolve here as it has a lot of potential to be an awesome spot. Hopefully once business picks up they can lower their prices a little bit and expand their menu or interior.
3	The Skinny: good quality ingredients with some misses (3.5), service - poorly trained server and not enough kitchen staff means a long wait for food (30+minutes) (2), value - burger prices are reasonable, dessert and truffle fries - not so much (2).My hubby and I really wanted to love this place. This place totally exudes that urban hipster-ness and embraces truly fusion cuisine. But sometimes, it's the non-cuisine things that really make the difference between a good and great restaurant.We ordered the Kiki burger, the Ronin burger, truffle-parmesan fries, sweet potato fries, and Portugese donuts for dessert.Both the Kiki burger and Ronin burger were a delight for $8. The quality of the meat was superb - nice, juicy, meaty, goodness. The Kiki burger was the perfect balance of sweet and savoury while the Ronin burger definitely had a nice Asian flare to it with just the right amount of acid (in the yuzu sauce). If it were only up to the burger, this place would rate a 4 for sure.Their sweet potato fries had just the right amount of crispness to it (which can difficult given that sweet potato fries have a tendency to be soggy) and had a great texture and flavour. The yuzu condiment was a little on the runny side for dipping. The truffle fries were a huge disappointment - definitely not enough truffle flavour in the small amount of sauce they sprinkle on them.The Portugese donuts (malasadas) were a huge disappointment. Albeit crisp on the outside, the inside was too doughy, and tough. It lacked the light, airness of a malasada. No, these were like little hard rocks. I would not recommend these at all - especially since it cost $5.Finally, the service. We waited over 30 minutes for food at 2 pm (ie, not busy) on a Saturday afternoon which to me, sounds rather unreasonable. When we complained, the manager did apologize as the chef had made a mistake with our order. Somehow, I also suspect that our server did not put in our order on time as multiple tables that arrived later received their orders first. After the food did arrive, the order was also placed in wrong (we got a different type of fries). Processing the bill also took a fair amount of time (over 5 minutes) as well.I'm fairly disappointed in my experience here because I wanted to love it so much. I think the lackluster service is what really did it for me - if not, this place would be close to a four-star establishment for the quality of the cuisine.
4	The Skinny: great steamed buns, great fries (4), service - better wait time for food (3), value - good on the sandwich prices (3).We decided to brave this place for a second time. We were glad we did. After our previous review where the wait time was well over 30 minutes, we only had to wait about 15 minutes for our food - a vast improvement. I don't know if it is the timing however we did get there around noon on a holiday Monday. Roughly the same number of tables were there. We did have the same server as the last time and she did a much better job today.This time we tried the Lonely Bird (a tsukune sandwich), the steamed pork belly sandwiches and their garlic, salt& pepper fries.I really love tsukune (ground chicken with shiso leaf) and this sandwich really nailed it with the flavours of the shiso aioli. The fear with most ground turkey/chicken burgers is dryness. However Bachi proves that it is not the case. The patty was juicy and delicious. Texturally, it was well balanced with the nice crunch of the onion rings.The pork belly was a melt-in-your-mouth, succulent slice of heaven encased in a wonderfully, fluffy steamed bun. The mild acidity of the vegetables really cut through the pork's richness. Truly a well thought out dish.Finally, the garlic, salt & pepper fries were very nice - crispy, salty with a hint of heat from jalapenos. Perfection and yes, very addicting.I would definitely come again to try out other dishes.
4	Delicious burgers!!! Tasty, good portion, and service was great. Can't wait to go back.
5	I'm in Vegas trying to win my way into the WSOP main event. Playing the main event is a bucket list item.  I just fullfilled a bucket list by eating at Bachi Burger.  Gourmet food at Marie Callendar prices.  This is the hot tip. I had a Kiki Burger.  3 kinds of sauted mushrooms, carmalized bacon, sweet onion marmalade and Gruyere cheese.  Smathered with a garlic chili aioli.  There is also some fresh arugala to give it a nice peppery taste too.  I've been to Father's Office and Umami Burger in Los Angeles because Giada and Adam raved about those burgers on "The best thing I ever ate" on the Food Network.  These Asian/Hawaii themes burgers are better than Fathers and Umami.  I also had a bread pudding dessert.  Very good dessert.  It has some candied walnuts and a nice soft vanilla ice cream.  Very soft ice cream.  I'm willing to say it's homemade.
5	And here I am thinking that this place was a hidden gem. 82 reviews before me? I'm instantly flaccid. This is like finding out your favorite band is opening for Nickelback.Ronin burger. Parmesan truffle fries. Lychee soda. Like --- total stomach erection.Best part is that it's open late... it's going to give Naked Fish a run for its money as a late night poker hangout!
5	If I were a death row inmate, I'd seriously consider Bachi Burger's Ronin Burger for a last meal. The Kiki's Burger would be a close second. That with a side of the Truffle Fries and I'd be dancing towards the electric chair. =)Service was very courteous and well executed. The staff were very knowledgeable of the menu and spoke without any filler words like "uhhh" or "umm." The food took a little time to come out and just when you start to get antsy they bring it out. But taking the first bite, you forget about everything else and the burger just commands your full attention. Hats off to you Bachi Burger....we will definitely be back!
3	Love the concept! Great atmosphere. Wasn't impressed with the food :(Had an app of pickled veggies  -  small and had a strange flavor other then vinegar. My fish sandwich was greasy. Loved all the names and flavors described in the sauce it came with but they didn't deliver. Maybe too much yuzu and not enough of the traditional Asian flavors I love... ginger etc. Even the truffle fries (how can that be bad?) Were not quite right. Will try again but may take some experimentation to find something great.
5	Wow, JUST WOW, who knew heaven was just a few files from the strip of LV...A stop I will always make in Vegas...it's just that good. I just had it 2 days from this post and I wanted it again and tried to hit it up before I left the sweet town of LV, but damned it all they are closed on Sundays, DRAT . Let's take this as a walkthrough, I'd like to be how very detailed in the whole experience. 1. Walk - in, little worried b/c even with good reviews I've seen from yelp that it wasn't that busy, also the few customers we did see didn't order burgers but sandwiches. 2. The Sit Down. It was a nice looking decor, just arriving to LV and was starving anything seemed good, but I didn't know what I was about to get into. We order some waters, get them fast because it wasn't that busy considering it was around 3 PM, We order the fries, sweet potato, the truffle oil, and garlic fries. They come out first. 3. The fries. The Garlic fries were the first I tasted, each basket of fries come out in nice decor and although it's 4 $ each approximately for a little more than a handful you'd expect to get more, but it's really the perfect amount you need. Again well the garlic fries were great, they had good taste, and had a little kick of spice I would think from jalapeno. It was really awesome! Second I tried the Sweet Potato fries, which were cooked to the greatest form...the texture and crispness to the fries was really good. Then I tried the truffle oil fries, by themselves I thought were alright, but when you add them with the sauce / chutney that is arranged with each basket, it definitely does not disappoint.4. The Burger, Oh goodness....the burger...it was just amazing...I ordered the Kalbi burger, and was actually reluctant b/c the waitress didn't really acknowledge it as a good choice...or even ask how I liked my burger cooked (I ususally get medium-rare, or medium), but it didn't matter...it just didn't...it was just that good. My burger had a perfect bun, wasn't soggy or anything, it held true form as I devoured my burger from first bite to last. The patty! Man if you've had Korean BBQ / Kalbi, then you know that's already money, but on this marinade on the patty! SOOOO GOOD!!!! It also had a thin layer of Kim-Chee and served with a side of pickled cucumber (ouee kimchi, is what I think it's spelled), I wish I could describe it better, there was more to the burger...but I just totally just hypnotized by it's taste. 5. Service, I know it wasn't crowded but service was amazing, it seemed everytime I sipped water, someone would fill it to full right after I put it down. The staff was nice, give you a warm greeting and a happy good bye b/c I think they're glad to see satisfied customers, and I was most definitely one of them. This was the longest post I've ever written, and even posting this on my FB just to spread the word on this place...
5	Simply amazing. The chef and the GM works very hard from what I can see. GM Guy Imperial does more then above and beyond to his guest.Everytime i go in there i felt like i get the VIP treatment. They make sure that the diner gets the " Where everybody knows your name" feeling.Great job fellows. Kepp up the good work. I for one will return to Bachi Burger over and over again.Your friendJoe C.
5	It was past midnight as my homegirl and I were driving back to my place as conversation about grabbing dessert arose. After some driving, she suggested a place she actually used to work at that had boba and other snacks and before I knew it, we were pulling into Bachi Burger's parking lot.My first impression of this place was obviously the interior. The place looked modern and so comfy. What made my experience here so dope was not only the food but the friendliness of each of the staff members. The manager made our visit very pleasant, as he joked around with my friend and I. The service was definitely top-notch and a lot better than even high end restaurants I've dined at in the past. It was easy to see that the servers were genuinely nice and enjoyed engaging in conversations with you. I even noticed how personable our server was as he made an effort to stop at every table every so often. I feel bad for forgetting his name so hopefully he sees this and pats himself on the back 'coz he is awesome.Now.. onto the food. It took me a while to decide what I wanted since I wasn't hungry enough for a burger but had the appetite for something larger than just a dessert, which was what I wanted originally, haha. After scanning Yelp for a few suggestions, I went with the truffle parmesean fries and the mandarin orange tangerine soda (which I learned they make themselves). As cliche as this sounds.. it was definitely LOVE AT FIRST BITE. The truffle oil on the fries was the perfect touch with fries that weren't too crispy or too soft. The sun-dried tomato sauce paired with the fries was the cherry atop the sundae. The mandarin orange tangerine soda was simply amazing for something that sounds so simple. My friend told me this place is owned by two brothers, one being a former executive chef for Roy's Hawaiian Fusion. No wonder this place is so damn good!  As we sat and enjoyed our better than dessert midnight snack, I watched as the table next to us received their burger orders. The burgers looked mouthwatering. I was this close to ordering one but I'll save that for my next trip.This place is perfect for late night cravings, as they are open until 2AM. We left at around 130 and there was even still another table present but the dope staff didn't even rush them to leave. I definitely will be returning soon and by then, I'm sure Bachi Burger will be a household name. This is a restaurant that deserves to be part of the hype 'coz it sure as hell lives up to it.
3	Good atmosphere, food is very good and I would give 4 stars but service was slow toto arrive at our table and we waited nearly 45 minutes for a burger. Staff is very pleasant!
5	Okay, so I know there have been many mixed reviews about Bachi, but I'm here to give you my honest opinion.I LOVE the entire concept, decor, flavor-fusion, and well almost EVERYTHING about this place.The concept is so unique to me! Fine dining ingredients and food at decent "fast-food/sit down" prices! The decor is so minimal and clean! & the flavors are EXPLODING! Seriously, anybody who is AN ALL-AMERICAN PLAIN OL' CHEESEBURGER BEEF LOVING PURIST should NOT go here. If you're open-minded and are at least a bit familiar with Asian food & spices you will LOVE this place. I have been there many times since they've opened, and I can also say that the service has improved DRASTICALLY since it's first day! Not only that, but the staff is full of personality and extremely friendly! Guy, the GM, also makes an effort to stop and converse with each table as to ensure a great dining experience. OKAY OKAY, enough about that. The real meat of this review is the FOOD.The appetizers, oh the appetizers...  I think I could simply have a meal out of the Chili Fried Chicken and Sausages. Just add in some rice (why, yes I am asian!) and I'd be set, but of course, then there would be no purpose to it being a burger joint, IMO of course!Luckily, I've had a chance to taste almost everything on the menu, thanks to the company I usually bring with me. We love to sample each other's food! I can say that I have not been disappointed one bit! My overall favorite non-beef-burger is the Lonely Bird! So much flavor! And it's so filling, as are all of their burgers! Perfect for when I'm not feeling so beef-y. My next pick would have to be the Crusty Crab. MMMM, and you can double up on the patty if you're especially hungry! As for the beef treats, KIKI, HANDS DOWN is one of the best ones on the menu. I LOVE MUSHROOMS! This has got to be one of the best "mushroom bacon cheeseburgers" around town! My alternative would be the Kalbi burger. They make their own kim-chi! Even more goodness! They even have steam-bun sandwiches. I HAD to get the duck buns. I LOVE PEKING DUCK BUNS AT ANY CHINESE RESTAURANT! The ones I had here are AMAZING. The Muscovy duck they used far surpassed any Peking duck buns I've had before, and they got the condiments just right. MMMM...AND THE FRIES, gosh who can have a burger without fries? My personal favorite are the Truffle Parmesan fries. I ask for the Porcini mushroom sauce to dip them in, because... well I think I've already mentioned it, BUT, I LOVE MUSHROOMS! The sun-dried tomato aioli is definitely not bad either. I love both sauces! AND YES, people, please use the sauces and whatever sides come with the burgers and fries. They enhance every other flavor that is already piled on! The specialty burgers need not be customized, nor have any omissions. Again, you are compromising the intended taste of their creations this way. Seriously, I can't see why you would even attempt to edit any of these burgers, UNLESS you have some sort of a food allergy, only then is it understandable.Well, and then there is dessert. I've had the Portuguese Donuts (aka Malassadas for all da braddahz and sistahz), which were perfect with the coffee gelato it was paired with. The pop tart and the macadamia nut toffee cake were also very good.As an added bonus, I also found out they make all of their sauces, salad dressings, specialty condiments, and etc FRESH, they ground their meat in-house, and they get their sweet bread buns FRESH, DAILY from a bakery in China Town! Goodness, they even support other local businesses and artists, too! The artwork in the restaurant is all done by local photographers and artists and can be bought! (None of that revenue would go towards Bachi Burger, they are simply another gallery for the artists to display their work) I cannot get enough of Bachi Burger! The only drawback is that they are closed on Sundays! However, regardless of that, I will continue to bring all my friends & family from all over Las Vegas, and out-of-towners as well, to this wonderful burger heaven and continue to spread the word of Bachi to all!
5	BOMB ASS FOOD.The chili chicken appetizer is good stuff. Also The truffle parmesan fries and sweet potato fries are to die for. Every time I went I got the Kiki Burger. And it was perfection. However, I've tried bites of my friends burger's: the Ronin and the Kalbi Burger. It was all so good. Next time i go i'm going to get the Bahn-Mi Burger because I heard it was REALLY GOOD.We had two different bottles of sake, filtered and unfiltered. I liked the unfiltered (in the pink bottle). The server was really knowledgeable on his stuff. He was the one that recommended it. They now carry alcoholic beverages. They didn't when they first opened. They have some really good Boba, but I wouldn't suggest getting it with your meal because it will just fill you up. So get it to go or something.Also the desserts are really good. I've had the doughnuts and the bread pudding. But I think they've added more to it. I like how it is open late too! I can't wait to go back again.If you go, ask for Lantz or Lentz. He looks like Jimmy Fallon, but he always gives me and my guests some awesome service.
4	I'm going to cut to the chase since many have written novels on how great this place is.The restaurant is nicely decorated, and has enough space to feel comfortable.  The staff is friendly and can offer decent recommendations.  I ordered the Kiki's burger, truffle fries, and the Japanese tomatoes w/mozzarella appetizer.The burger was delicious, definitely recommend if you like mushrooms.  The patty was cooked to perfection and the bacon added that last kick to make the burger perfect.  The fries were definitely good but could have used more truffle sauce and I don't recommend getting the tomato appetizer unless you feel like spending some extra dough on a nicely presented unique appetizer.Only downfall i would say is that you end up spending around 20 bucks on a burger with fries and drink, but that price sure beats burger bar.
3	So one of my friends invites a bunch of us to this new burger place that he discovered recently.  Says he and his girlfriend love the food here, and would love to go here as a group.  The burger place in question is none other than Bachi Burger, which appeared to take quite the beating when it came to service.  It had been a while since the place opened, so I figured any kinks in service would be ironed out by now.Stopped by here tonight and I can safely say that there were no issues with the service.  Drinks were kept full, we were checked on regularly, servers brought extra silverware in case we all wanted to share a dessert etc.  No complaints there.  The reason this place is getting three stars from me is that they seem to pile toppings onto burgers without know when to quit!  I got myself a Ronin burger, and it seemed that the Japanese cole slaw and katsu sauce were both fighting over who gets to my tastebuds first.  Yes, there were carmelized onions, miso dressing, and an egg on the burger, yet all these flavors were overpowered by the cole slaw and katsu.  Even the beef was overpowered by them; they also didn't ask how I wanted my beef cooked.  It was done medium well, while I prefer medium to keep some pink and juicyness in the middle of the patty.I also ordered a Vietnamese coffee; it wasn't as good as I've had at other restaurants.  The coffee is served and is still being strained when it is brought to your table.  It came out dark and had a strong aroma, which set my expectations high.  Sadly, the coffee wasn't that strong and ended up being overpowered by the milk.All in all Bachi Burger is alright, and I'd probably stop by every once in a while if I lived nearby.  As is, with me living in the southwest, I doubt I'll be returning any time soon.
4	Slightly pricey, but worth it.  Bachi burger blends a unique fusion of Hawaiian, American, and Japanese flavors into gourmet burgers and other dishes. Their food is fresh, delicious, and unlike any burger you've ever tasted. Too expensive to be a regular stop, but good enough to be an occasional treat, even though they are on the other side of town from me.
3	The place was quite appealing.Our server was overly nice and all of the items on the menu was his favorite...hmmmm....For starters we tried the chili fried chicken and the garlic salt & pepper french fries....the chicken was not good at all...too much of their red sauce...it was both spicy and sweet.  We didn't care for it.  Fries were good on the other hand.We ordered the Ronin Burger, The Crusty Crab, and Kalbi Burger.  The server didn't ask how we wanted our burgers cooked so we made sure that we told him.  Sheesh....After like forever we finally got our orders.  Everyone enjoyed their burger.  The bread was very good.  I loved it.If not for their super slow service and annoying server it would have been a four star.  ;op
2	This place was the location of a friend of mine's birthday party.  He initially reserved 10 seats but there ended up being 15 of us.  Now, any normal restaurant would accommodate the additional people, but not this place.  They were more concerned about the other reservations, than the people standing around the tables, waiting for chairs, let alone another table to slide up to the group.  Then, on top of that, the waitress that was taking the order fully admitted to us that she was underage, but was still serving alcoholic beverages to our party, which last time I checked, I believe that's illegal.  The ordering was rushed, every question was replied by the waitress as "i dont know, I've heard its good", which in plain english means I have no idea what it tastes like.  The food was ordered, it took a good solid 30-45 min to get it, however, their additional servers were among the slowest I've ever seen.  I ordered some of the garlic and pepper fries since none of their burgers come with fries ( a severe crime if you ask me), but I wanted to give the food a fair chance regardless of crappy service.  The burger was the Ronin burger, which after reviewing the menu, had ALOT of ingredients, over 7 to be exact, including custom condiments which after tasting, i could do without.  The burger itself fell apart when i took my first bite, leading me to believe their cooks don't fully understand how to properly prepare the angus beef they claim to be using and just shovel it onto the bun, hoping no one will notice or care.  It was well done at least, not juicy at all, which i assume is why there was so many toppings to the burger to compensate for the lack thereof.  Our order of garlic and pepper fries came out about 20 min after we got our burgers, and to my suprise, it was jalapeno pepper fries, not black pepper like normal people use.  I can't handle spicy foods all that well, I tried 2 fries, and I was done, heartburn kicked in and I was miserable and upset that I paid $4 for fries that on the menu, said NOTHING about the pepper being Jalapeno peppers.  This lack of detail will seriously hurt this restaurant, along with the severely poor service and treatment of guests.  Then, after we ate, the server came back out and asked us all what we ordered because she screwed up the bills.  We paid in cash for our bill, and the server never came back with our change, again, I believe that's illegal as well.  So its a good thing we didn't pay with large bills, otherwise she might have thought she was being tipped massively for being a complete idiot.  I complained that I didn't even receive our receipt for the meal, and she looked at us like we're the idiots.  This place has a interesting concept, however, the size of the seating area, combined with inept service and shitty management, will be its downfall.  I'll be amazed if it lasts a year or two at the most.
4	Met up with a couple of friends that live nearby here and had a great dinner.  Started with 3 orders of fries for the appetizer (not my idea but hey..sure!).  All of them were tasty and went well with Asahi..garlic salt and pepper, truffle parmesan and sweet potato fries.  On a sidenote...has any restaurant truly found a good dipping sauce for sweet potato fries??  I haven't had one although I was thinking something on the sweeter side might be better.  Maybe honey and cinnamon or something.  And another thing...I just read up on truffle oil..its all just chemicals isn't it?  I got the Kiki burger w/ egg and it was awesome.  Burgers are always better with egg..that's a fact!!  The bun had a real chinese bread...nikumanish quality to it which I loved and it just made it THAT much better.  Got to try the Ronin and the Kalbi burgers too.  The kimchi was interesting on the Kalbi burger..not the traditional tasting type but really went well with everything else that was going on in between those 2 pieces of bread. Will definitely be back!
5	Okay, I was a little skeptical coming here- because most of the reviews I read were pretty mediocre, BUT...BACHI BURGER WAS FANTASTIC!!! I PLAN ON VISITING REGULARLY IN THE FUTURE, I am SO happy I ate lunch there today. Jill was our server & she was so sweet! Great staff!!! I could tell they were starting to get a little busy when all of the tables filled up a few moments after we ordered, regardless we were given just as much attention as we would have if they were empty. Genuinely great service!The Parmesan Truffle Fries were outstanding!!! A sun dried tomato aioli was served beside the fries, it was perfect for dipping & complimented all of the complex flavors of the dish. I ordered the smallest BBQ Bachi Burger, which was actually quite large- for something priced at only $6. I took some of it home with me, & I can't wait to eat it for a midnight snack. THE BUN- very oriental, & delightfully toasted. My boyfriend & I were extremely satisfied with our burgers (identical, only his was 7 oz, mine was 5 oz). To anyone who has complained about their presentation- lets get real here, you probably pay $6 for a large combo at McDonalds- did you complain about their presentation too? I liked the simplicity, I would rather my food taste extravagant than just look that way. =]I have 3 adjectives for them- mouthwatering, cutting edge, & hospitable.
2	Similar experience to Matthew C. down below. Once we got in, it took about 5 minutes to be greeted and that was only after we asked the cashier if we were suppose to order up front. She said, "oh just wait, you'll be taken care of in a bit." Then one of the servers came up to us and said it's a 10 minute wait, so to just have a seat. We waited, we didn't mind at all cuz the menu looked BOMB and we got to pick what we wanted before we were seated. What I didn't really notice then was that there was a ten minute wait, for no reason at all. The place wasn't even half full. They sat people down right away when it seemed like they knew who they were. Got seated and it took a while for someone to come take our drink orders. When they came back with our drinks we ordered edemame, two burgers, and fries. It seriously took about 25 minutes just for them to bring out the edemame, I knew something was up when I looked around and noticed that ppl were barely getting their edemame too even though they were there long before us, but I continued to be patient. We finished our edemame and they didn't take it away until about 15 minutes later....still no burgers too. After about 45 minutes of waiting, I started to get really antsy. We were on a time limit since I had a report due by 11pm that night. We came here thinking that a burger place would probably be faster than any other restaurant (totally wrong about that). After almost an hour of waiting (no joke) we finally got our burgers. Yes, the burgers were pretty sexy and so were the fries. But one thing I'm sure you all know is that your appetite isn't the same as it was after waiting for soo long and getting pretty annoyed. I probably would've inhaled that whole burger if they gave it to me within 30 minutes, but they didn't. Instead I ate about half of it and didn't want to continue because it just started tasting dry and I couldn't really swallow it down. I'm sure the food here is pretty awesome, but you'll only experience that if they actually give it to you in a timely manner. It really ticked me off that I noticed them serving people that came AFTER us. It seems like this place chooses favorites and gives great service to their friends, but not to people that they don't know. They gave out food right away to the people they knew ( i.e the people that they hugged when they walked into the restaurant and talked the most to) and they didn't even make them wait 10 minutes even though the place was practically full.  It really sucks that I have to give this place a bad review, cuz I had higher expectations. They have such a yummy menu with a lot of variety too, but that will never outshine their service if they continue to be so slow. I hope they improve on that because this is a place I'd like to enjoy someday.
4	I came to Bachi Burger after seeing many great reviews, and some not so great reviews.  Bachi Burger proved to be a great restaurant, with very unique features that make it better than the average restaurant.  I actually went out on a limb and took some friends from out of town to Bachi Burger to show them some unique, but still familiar food in Las Vegas.  We started with the sausage plate, fried chili chicken, and the truffl-parmesan fries.  The sausage plate had two types of sausage, both good, but not great; one of the sausages made from kurobuta pork.  Both had great texture, but the flavor was good, but very traditional.  The fried chili chicken was the best appetizer we had, and the chili-garlic sauce was what made it so special.  The chicken was lightly breaded, fried, and coated with a light chili sauce.  The sauce was a little spicy, but the dominant flavor is toasted garlic.  The truffle-parmesan fries were very good, and were served with a porcini mushroom cream on top.  It is also served with a creamy dipping sauce that is very good.  Maybe a little more truffle would have made it better, but the fries were very good nonetheless.  For entrees, we had the Rhonin Burger, the Kiki Burger, and the Steamed Duck Buns.  The Rhonin Burger was very good, served with a soy glaze, asian style cole slaw, and a very good yuzu-citrus aioli.  The yuzu aioli made this very unique, and brought great acidity to the burger, balancing the boldness of the soy.   The Kiki Burger was the best thing, served with two types of mushrooms, and a garlic-chile aioli.  This was the best overall because it worked best together as a burger.  Each bite had layers of flavor, and got better each bite.  The Steamed Duck Buns were also very good, with the Duck being the highlight of this dish.  The Duck was very moist and flavorful, and worked well with the five-spice hoi sin, boiled egg, and soft steamed buns.  We tried the Junmai cold sake, and was very impressed with how it went with the food.  Red wine would also go very well with the burgers, and they said that they will serve it very soon.  The thai iced tea was pretty good, but the texture seemed watered down.  A very minor flaw in a overall great meal.  For dessert, we got the Walnut Bread Puding, which was served hot, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  They said they had their own pastry chef make everything fresh daily, and you could tell.  The bread pudding was soft, and very flavorful, and worked perfect with the crunch of the toasted walnuts.  Great dish!Overall, the flavors that Bachi Burger has in all of the dishes we had were very unique, and worked perfectly.  It is very affordable for the food you get, and it a must try for anyone who lives in Las Vegas.
5	My review is more like 4.75 stars, but I loved this place.  At first glance, this place didn't look like much.  Wow, was I wrong.  The hostess greeted us and we were seated immediately.  This place is small and kind of unpretentious (yay!).  If it were closer to my house, I would go here all the time.  My BF and I met an out-of-town friend here for dinner, as she was shopping at the nearby outlet mall.  Since we don't live that close, we decided to try EVERYTHING.We started off with the Momato appetizer (Japanese tomatoes with balsamic and fresh cheese).  I think I remember seeing in a review that these weren't worth your time.  I wholeheartedly disagree.  These tomatoes were the perfect flavor without a hint of bitterness.  The ratio of each ingredient was perfect too.  Loved it.  We also had cold edamame beans which were just okay.My BF ordered the Ronin Burger.  My friend and I ordered the Kiki Burger.  My burger was soooo good.  Cooked perfectly and great flavors.  My BF tried mine and swears his was even better, but since I didn't get a bite before he woofed it down, I wouldn't know.  As for the fries, we split an order of the Truflle fries and the garlic and salt fries.  I loved the garlic fries, truffle fries weren't my bag, but the other two enjoyed them. Somehow, after eating all that food, we decided to order two desserts: strawberry beignets (basically crunchy strawberry filled donuts) and peach poptarts.  Don't bother.   Both desserts were mediocre and definitely the weakest link in this otherwise awesome dinner.  Even though this is out of the way for me, I will definitely be going back.  Our server (whose name has escaped me, mostly because he looked and sounded like Keanu Reeves and even said he was from Hawaii, but I'm sure his name is not Keanu) was great as well.  You could tell he was really trying and was very attentive.  And did I mention the prices????  All that food plus a Sapporo and our bill was $60!!! Beats the heck out of Grind Burger any day, which is VERY overpriced IMO.
4	Its a Asian inspired burger joint!!!  Interesting ingredients made the ronin burger really tasty although I think I would wanna try another burger the next time I go in.  The truffle fries were amazing.  The ronin burger came with a tablespoon of aioli sauce on the side, obviously not enough for a nice size burger.  I asked for more sauce but was told it was another $.50.  I swear, to my knowlege, aioli sauce is mainly mayonaise.  But whatever the burger was good. Service was timely and appropriate.  Im happy I came.  See you soon Bachi Burger!
4	Fish burger and sweet potato fries rockin the taste buds. Very well thought out and flavors galore in the fish burger. My server recommended the black and blue next time. She said they grind their own meat everyday. I'll leave that alone for now. Highly recommended by this yelper.
4	The first thing you should know when ordering a burger here - the word "BBQ" is used to describe how the meat is cooked. You won't find any barbecue sauce in their BBQ burgers (thank God).BBQ Bachi Burger American Wagyu - I ordered this badboy with a slice of cheese, a fried egg, and bacon. The burger was absolutely delicious. The whole thing was gone in a matter of a couple of minutes. The buns in the burger were identical to the BBQ Pork Bun (normally found in dim sum). For ~$9 the 7oz American Wagyu was definitely worth it.---4.5 / 5 StarsKiki's Burger - Good burger, all the flavors from the mushroom, bacon, and onion went well together.---4 / 5 StarsBachi's Chili Fried Chicken - Pricey for the small portions of chicken for this appetizer. However, the fried chicken w/ the garlic aioli went really well together.---4 / 5 StarsGarlic Salt & Pepper Fries - The texture of the fries were good, but the flavors were not. I was hoping for the fries to be a little bit more on the garlic side and I would have been okay with it on the pepper side as well, but it was neither. To sum it up it was just a little too salty and lacked garlic and pepper.---2.5 / 5 StarsTruffle Parmesean Fries - I was hoping for the fries to taste a lot like Fries w/ Truffle oil. Not even close and not worth mentioning. The sauce did not go well with the fries and I wouldn't recommend it.---2.25 / 5 StarsJasmine Green Milk Tea - Nothing close to some of the chain tea stations. I'm not going to lower my review because of this drink, but I wouldn't recommend ordering it.--2.75 / 5 StarsEach additional topping on your burger will set you back $1.50. If you want extra sauce, they'll charge you an extra .50. My server did not warn me about this (for the sauce) and I had no idea until it showed up on the bill.
3	Been here twice and liked the burgers both times. There is a teriyaki-like flavor in the meat but it doesn't overwhelmed the toppings and sauces that comes with it. The only drawback is the speed of the food. The servers were generally prompt in taking the order, but it took the food a while to come out. One time the restaurant was busy and second time not. I would come back but I would need to plan for more time to eat and not come starving so I don't get irritated by the wait.
4	As I savored a bite of the Kiki burger, I looked at my husband and said, "Dare I say it? I think this may be the best burger I've ever had."  "Those are bold words," he said, taken aback.  He took a bite out of his Banh Mi burger and, nodding approvingly, said, "...but I think you're right." We have scoured the Las Vegas Valley trying to find our premiere burger joint and always came so close but no cigar until Bachi Burger.   We started off with edamame and it wasn't the typical steamed appetizer you usually get a sushi joints. Their edamame is stir fried with chili and garlic.  We also had the truffle parmesan fries and were blown away.  It was such a great way to tease our appetites. My co-workers strongly suggested that I order the Kiki Burger.  After reading the description, I knew it was the one for me.  Everything was perfection. The meat was juicy and tasty, the bun toasty and crisp, the bacon and onions caramelized... all of the ingredients created a harmonious experience. The husband ordered the Banh Mi burger and it also didn't disappoint.       I am surprised that other Yelpers experienced bad customer service. We were greeted and tended to by friendly staff and we were checked up on regularly. We received everything promptly.  Timing between each course was perfect.      The only thing preventing me from giving 5 stars is really not that big of a deal but is a hindrance nonetheless. I ordered the lychee boba drink and I didn't taste a bit of lychee flavor in it. The husband ordered the calamansi soda. If we hadn't seen "calamansi" on the menu, we would've thought it was just regular soda. For dessert, I had the fruit tart and the husband had beignets.  Both were good but I'd probably just stick to the burgers next time.     I still catch myself daydreaming of the Kiki burger ever so often. I can't wait to find out what else Bachi Burger has to offer.
2	Bachi Burger can be really good; then again, sometimes it isn't. Consistency doesn't seem to be something I get from this place.I've been here twice so far. First time, I got the turkey burger. It wasn't very good. It had a flavor that was really strong (not in a good way), which probably put its sodium through the roof. Plus, I couldn't stand the minty sauce that came with it. Thankfully, I got to sample the Ronin burgers that my buddies ordered, which were delicious. Second time, I went for the miso burger. The sauce that it was marinated in overpowered the dry burger completely. It was almost like it was doused in soy sauce. A complete mediocre meal. It didn't help that the matcha green tea that I ordered smelled like sea water. Almost made me nauseous.Not sure if I want to come back to this place again for a third chance. It's rare that I walk out of a restaurant angry. I walk in expecting something wonderful from the raving words that I hear about this place. 2 out of 2 times I was disappointed. The second visit was far more worse than the first, though I must admit that the service was consistently good.Who knows? Maybe I just ordered wrong during my visits. I hate that these items even exist on the menu to tempt me. There shouldn't be any "wrong" items to order on a menu in the first place.
4	Am a HUGE fan.Definitely the place to go for a delicious, out-of-the-ordinary burger experience.  I visit every so often for lunch with one of my friends from the office, and we are quickly making our way through the menu by splitting our plates...  Favorites:  Pork Belly Steamed BunsBahn-Mi burgerSweet Potato Fries..  but can't say that I have really had anything that wasn't above-average... Even my friend's grilled cheese was phenomenal...
3	Tasty burgers! The menu choices are far too tempting to limit you to one visit. Sadly, I'm not a local, so I've only had one visit. Fortunately, though, I went in a group of ten and tried practically half the menu! The burgers are delicious. You really can't go wrong with any of the combinations because they really took care in making the flavors work. Keep in mind, however, that these are all with an asian flare so a bbq burger will taste sweeter- it seemed like a hint of oyster sauce was on the back of various sauces and patties. My personal favorites from this visit were the kiki burger and ronin burger. What really excited me, though, were the sides. The fries- all versions of them- were all absolutely delicious. The plain fries come with a pineapple ketchup, which was creative, but also controversial (ketchup's a touchy subject for purists). I LOVED the parmesan truffle fries and garlic, salt, and pepper fries. The wait time after ordering can really test your hunger, but the service in all other aspects is rather prompt. I plan to return during my next Vegas trip to sample the chicken/fish choices or the bahn mi burger and the dessert (there's a walnut bread pudding and a cherry pop tart- I must know what these taste like!) Price is very reasonable. Cheaper than umami, pricier and smaller than Island's. Basically smack in the middle.
4	Celebrating the Husband's birthday (two months ago), we were looking for somewhere new that was children-friendly and had a variety of things to order.  Bachi Burger was his place of choice.  I called ahead to make reservations with our large party so that the table would be set up before we get there.  Once everyone was seated, and drink orders were in place, we got to break down the menu a bit.  Since the Ronin Burger "Caramelized Onions, Japanese Cole Slaw, Miso Goma,  Dressing, Fried Egg, Katsu BBQ, Yuzu Citrus Aioli" ($8) got a lot of praise, the Husband split that along with the Kalbi Burger "Ground Beef, Pork, Garlic, Ginger, Chili Paste, Green Onions, House Made Kim Chee, Ko Chu Jang Mayo ($8) with his friend. The Ronin was the favorite of the two he tried, enough that he ordered another to share.  The cole slaw gave it a nice contrast and bite.  Whereas the added kim chee to the Kalbi made it different.  One thing that the Husband thought could be improved was the size of the burger.  He felt they were a bit small, and one burger won't cut it for a growing man (even with fries).I started off with the Organic Edamame Soybean "Sauteed with Garlic Butter, Truffle Oil" ($3) because who doesn't love a little truffle oil in their food.  It was good, greasy, but definitely yummy!  It's cooked in garlic butter, and I'm not used to cooking my edamame in any kind of butter!You can't say no to their Truffle Parmesan Fries "Parmesan Reggiano, Black Truffle Porcini Cream, Sun Dried Tomato Aioli" ($4).  It comes in a nice cone with dipping sauce and it had all the kids grabbing some.Another thing they do great is their Sweet Potato Fries "Crispy Sweet Potato dusted with Sea Salt Yuzu Citrus Aioli" ($4).  They are sweet, but salty and the dipping sauce complements it well.The kids loved their Chili Fried Chicken "Marinated in Ginger, galic, soy sauce." ($6) that they ordered a second round.To close out, we ordered the Portuguese Donuts "Vietnamese Cinnamon, Coffee Gelato" ($5) with a birthday candle in it.  (Sometimes restaurants throw in dessert for free when celebrating a birthday, it's not the case here.)  They were donut holes with lots of cinnamon sugar on it.  The accompanying gelato didn't taste like coffee much.Service - we got the waiter that everyone talks about.  He really does try, a bit too hard, and that's where he goes wrong.  You can't blame the guy for trying, right?  They could ultimately learn to work as a team though since we definitely had to wave down our waiter for things, and when we tried asking other staff for things, they just passed it on to our waiter.  Overall, Bachi Burger definitely had some interesting takes on their version of meat between bread. There were some high points and okay points.  3.5 stars
2	I have to warn you that this review doesn't talk about their main staple because we don't eat meat.  We wanted to go to Miko's Sushi but didn't know they didn't serve lunch.  We had to think what restaurant is close enough and had some meatless options.  Since we have been hearing good things about Bachi Burger, we decided to see what the hype is about.  I have to say that they're vegetarian options are slim pickings for sure.  I ordered the Bachi Fish Burger, my partner got the That's Cheesy, and we shared the Garlic Salt and Pepper Fries.  I liked the Fish Burger but my partner wasn't a fan of the Grilled Cheese sandwich.  He didn't like the combo of the cheeses in it.   We traded because I saw his face and he wasn't liking the dish.  I liked it enough.  I thought the fish was overcooked and that made it somewhat dry.  They were pretty stingy with the tartar sauce.  The fries we're pretty good.  I just wish they were a bit more crispy, or at least let the oil come off a little longer.  The biggest thing that was disappointing was the service.  With a very generous staff, I was surprised how slow the service was.  Granted, they were full to capacity with people waiting to be seated, the service left a lot to be desired.  Took them about 10 minutes after I have my card ready for payment to be picked up.  Good thing we weren't in a hurry.I have to say again, this isn't a reflection of their staple, the burgers.  They might be a good place for burgers but I have to say that the service needs to be more attentive.  If you like burgers, I'm sure you would like it more.  Also, they need to update their menu on the wall because they don't have some of their items available.  Also, they need to have spell check.  Instead of Chocolate Hazelnut Ice Cream Sandwich, they had "Cocolate Hazlenut."  I just think they should have more vegetarian options.  Then again, it is a burger joint.
5	WOW! Would I call this a burger, no because this burger deserves more respect. This is "The Burger" and the best burger you will ever eat. Quality begins with the bun, then each ingredient has been perfectly selected to balance the perfectly charbroiled angus beef, while maintaining the inside moist. The meat is slightly crisp on the outside, well seasoned, and moist on the inside. Incredible! Mine was ordered with mushrooms, blue cheese, and spinach. This burger didn't need any ketchup because it's perfect the way its served. The fountain drinks were made on the spot; we ordered the jasmine lemonade and it was fabulous! As a side dish we ordered the sweet potato fries and regular garlic fries. Both were amazing and not one single crumb was left behind. We were a large party and nothing was left on the plates. Everyone cleaned their plates, and that should tell you something!Will I return? Absolutely! I will actually do takeout. If you are visiting Las Vegas or already live in The Valley, you have to visit this burger joint. IT"S AMAZING!!
3	I'm torn on Bachi Burger. I went the month they first opened and was wowed. The food was great, the Kiki's burger is pretty much perfection. The fries they do, they do GREAT.I've been here at least 10 times, and my biggest pet-peeve is the hit-or-miss service and speed in the food coming out. This place has a Hawaiian-type vibe to it, and shows in the laid-back attitude. Friendly, but they certainly don't rush ANYTHING here. The waitstaff is friendly and knowelgable, but sometimes tries too hard. If Lance is still around, he's fantastic, but still. The food comes out when it's done. That could be 7 minutes, that could be 20. It's not the server's fault, that's the kitchen.I love the food, but get annoyed with the delays. I don't run on island-time, and being that I don't live in Hawaii, why should I have to? I give 3 and 1/2 stars, 4, if the service/cooking is a good, timley manner.
4	Last week I wanted to visit my bf for lunch. First I went to try and find Curbside Cafe, but they wouldn't answer their damn phone. After spending about 30 minutes trying to find them I was really pressed on time. Since my bf loves burgers, the only place I could think of was Bachi since it's next to his work. We previously had a bad experience here due to the fact that they were slow as molasses, but I decided to give it another shot since I was out of options. I came in and ordered to go. The cashier said my order (2 burgers, 2 fries) will be out in 15 minutes and to my surprise it was! That was a huge difference compared to our hour wait when we dined in last time. The burgers and fries seemed to taste better too. Bachi now has my attention. I just hope they don't eff up the next time I dine in!
3	What a neat little find this place is. My wife and I have been wanting to come here for a while and finally got around to it.First, it's in a funny little spot on windmill and bermuda on the east side. It's pretty easy for us to get to, but the restaurant entrance on both sides of the building is a bit odd if not unique. We arrived at about noon-thirty on a Friday for a little lunch, and were warmly greeted and seated quickly.Our waiter was a little slow getting to our table and the service overall was a little lacking. In fairness, I would have rated the overall much higher, but due to service issues I had to go with the 3 stars.So on to the food.......Our server was knowledgeable of the menu and told us the chef's concept was Asian inspired gourmet burgers. I ended up ordering the seasonal burger, Blue and green, that was made with organic, grass fed, free range beef. It was served with melted blue cheese and nice fresh greens on top. At $13.50 it was the most expensive burger on the menu, but I am okay spending a little more for a seasonal burger from "happy" cows! My burger was cooked to a perfect Medium and was very flavorful and very satisfying. I really enjoyed the bun, too, which seemed like it might be homemade brioche.....My Wife ordered the Kiki burger which the server recommended as the most popular. We also ordered the Truffle Parmesan French fries.So back to the service. We sat and waited a long time for our diet cokes. In fact, if I have to remind the waiter to bring something that is a bad sign. I thought that our food arrived after a long amount of time. I don't have a problem with food being freshly prepared (and this was) so I was okay with the wait.When our food came we were totally impressed by the appearance and  freshness of everything. The fries were fantastic and the burgers were very good. The only thing that was inconsistent was the doneness of the two burgers. Mine was a perfect medium as the waiter told us it would be. My wife's burger, on the other hand, was well done without question. The overall restaurant environment is comfortable with a modern island theme. I would definitely go back for the food. I would hope that some of the kinks in the service are just growing pains. Overall, our server was friendly and knowledgeable, but a little unorganized. But Bachi Burger is still a place that I would recommend on the food alone and will return to myself.
5	Bachi Burger is one of those little places that you hear about from a friend.   It is off the beaten path for Las Vegas but well worth venturing if you are a tourist or a local.   The menu is constantly being updated with new items.   The general spin here is an "Asian Fusion" burger joint.  Decor is on par with prices and it's always easy to get help.  I really have to say that service at this location is top notch.   I have never been to Bachi and received less than excellent service.   My favorite item is "The Krusty Crab" burger topped off with a side of Sweet Potato Fries.   Truly.....go....you will enjoy.
4	First off, it was a little bit hard to find going west on Windmill. The parking and door is around behind Subway. I think there was another door on the Windmill side it looked like.I met a couple of my friends here for lunch at around 12. It was not that busy when we got there, but 30 mins later bigger parties starting arriving and seemed to get busy.I got the kalbi burger which was topped with kim chee and a kochujung mayo. SO FREAKING GOOD! It came with a side of cucumber kimchee as well. Surprisingly, I would have liked it to be a tad bit more spicy, but the flavors were all there. I got a side of the truffle parmesan fries as well, and those were very very delicious. I haven't tried anything with truffles before but heard its awesome. And.. IT WAS. My friend got the ronin buger, and he said he didn't care for it too much. He didn't really like the pickled slaw. My other friend got the peking duck steamed buns, which looked awesome! We both thought it was weird that it had boiled egg in it. But she said it was really tasty, but could've used less of the cilantro. The next time, I will get that, and I love cilantro so hopefully they pile it on.I got my boyfriend the bahn mi burger to-go since he was at work. So, we shall see if he likes it.. Then we can return, so he can get the full dining experience.I have to say.. service kind of sucks here. Or at least when I was there. We never got our waters filled until we had to ask. Expect to wait 15-20 mins for the food.. but worth it for the food. We waited for a good 15 mins with an empty table and to-go bags, and ended up going up to the cashier to try to get our checks, where they said they'd be with us shortly. We had to wait another 10 mins before we got our check. With our waiter passing us, he didn't take our check with payment, so I ended going back to the cashier to pay. I saw another table try at least 3 times to get their waiter's (same guy) attention for something. The woman finally went up to guy to let him know they needed something.Overall, service was definitely lacking.. but the food most definitely NOT. Will be back again to try that peking duck!
5	Best burger EVER. Tried the Kiki burger - it was like nothing I've ever had. Ridiculously flavorful. Carmelized onions were amazing. Dipping sauces were unique and equally delicious. I can't believe they only charge $8 for these things! We did have to wait awhile for our burgers (minor mixup) but the wait was totally worth it. Great staff, clean place, nice decor. We will most def be back. And soon!
4	This is THE BURGER place! I have been coming here since they opened. Although I could've left a review back then, I didn't.  I felt like the restaurant needed to establish themselves with better servers (& they have!!). The burgers are so delicious here that my fiance and I have been taking our friends and fam from out of town here.  Everyone agrees that the burgers/fries/dessert are soooo good, they have *bachi* cravings.  Some of our faves are the Ronin & Kiki.  Most of our group like the garlic salt & pepper fries and the sweet potato fries.  They also have refillable iced matcha green tea and a wide selection of boba teas.  The boba teas are good, but I've had better. I like going to actual boba tea establishments for that.  One night around 11pm, my friends and I did not know where to go for dessert and no one wanted to go to the strip or get yogurt.  It's so awesome that bachi is opened late and we got to eat the portuguese donuts, bread pudding and pop tart (OMG they don't have these anymore...).
4	If you are looking for gourmet Asian influence burgers this is the place to go. I had the crusty crab burger as well as a regular burger and both were fantastic. The fries alone could bring me back. Just outside the strip 10-15 minute drive but well worth it. The only bad thing was that the service took a bit of time. Other than that the food was amazing.
5	After driving by this place every day for a month or so... I decided it was time to try it. I wasn't sure how 'dressy' the setting was so I wore a sun-dress and pumps. This wasn't a mistake by any means but I certainly felt like I could have worn jeans instead. Parking seems pretty ample, it was busy and I still got a spot right up front. From the second I walked in the staff was really nice. Everyone said hello when we walked in, promptly sat us, and were very helpful in explaining their unique menu. The waiter was very energetic and upbeat... Which I really like when I'm having a night out. To start out we had the Japanese pickles. Let me tell you, if you're a fan of vinegar or simply anything pickled... Get these. They were absolutely AMAZING! They also run pretty cheap too, so eat as many as you like. Our main meal consisted of the spicy miso burger (which is messy so be sure to ask for extra napkins) and (while the name escapes me currently) a rather amazing burger with home made kimchi. We cut both burgers in half and enjoyed a variety of different flavors. Te two side dishes we chose were Parmesan and sweet potato fries. By the end of the meal there was not one stitch of food left in sight. I even finished my sweet mango milk tea boba. The hours of this place are great for any schedule so don't hesitate to drop by after work. If a big dinner or a late night snack isn't your forte, they have plenty of beers to suit all of your needs. While I think it would be convenient if they had a bar area, the tables are just as good a place to 'hang out'. I can't think of a single thing about this place that didn't deserve 5 stars. Now hurry up! Put on some pants and get a bite.
1	on strip prices, should have on strip service! easy enough right? I gave the one star, so I wont have to get into talking about how the service was. "Angela" the girl that helped me, was; sorry totally clueless, Learn how many ounces your burgers come in. its not so hard, ask your chef, or your manager, eye ball it im sure you serve it hella times in one day. Ok maybe im being unfair with the one star, but this is my yelp review. order:  wagyu burger with  swiss and maple wood beacon with the specification of "rare" please, and the black truffle oil french fries.  25 minutes later my burger comes out looks delicious, The buns looked like they were glazed with love and passed though a line of inspectors for flaws, my cheese is yellow, I didnt know swiss came in cheddar! my burger pattie, very well done. I wait patiently for "Angela" and as she comes to my table with a distraught look on her face. I calmy explain that I ordered a "rare" burger, at this point she doesnt know how to respond to me. I explain myself very respectively, and so while I wait for the awkward silence, she says to me " well we can fire up another one, But we would have to charge you for it."  she saw my expression change even before she finished her last word. (awkward moment)  she grabs my plate and shows the gentleman who looks to be a manager, being kind and  understanding, he asked to have another burger re-fired , at this point, im knawing away at my truffle oil garlic french fries, and they are good, but first off, Ive never met anyone who thought truffle oil had any sort of aromatic value, and I understand this is a fusion restaurant, and Im assuming black truffle oil and wagyu gave them the $$. Well all in all my service was bleh, My burger, even after it was re-fired, bleh, and the $$, I couldve easily gone somewhere else and then go to another. Anyways the likely hood of me going back is slim, But everyone deserves a second chance.
5	Once again, Bachi burger does not disappoint! Today we had the sweet potato fries to start, then the chef's special: Spicy Miso Burger and the Lonely Bird burger. I almost want to retract my previous review of the Ronin being the Death Row burger. The spicy miso burger is definitely a knife-and-forker. The lonely bird was a picker-upper and held it's own. I swear everytime I come here and think that I had already tried the best burger, something new proves me wrong. Never a dull moment in the food adventure at Bachi Burger. Thanks to Melissa our server today for the recommendation! You guys are awesome!
3	A more accurate rating would be 3.5 stars. I have mixed feelings about this joint. On one hand, I like that it's locally owned, away from the strip, and it's a fusion of an American classic with an Asian twist. But it's faulty service made me lower it's rating. The food was great. My banh-mi burger was recommended by the server and it didn't disappoint. The burger was delicious with amazing flavor of mint and lemongrass. It came with a great dipping sauce that smelled like fish sauce. Other people in my group got the crusty crab, lonely bird, grilled fish sandwiches and they all enjoyed it. Our sides of sweet potatoe, truffle parmesean, and plain fries was a great complement to our sandwiches. It came in this pseudo-cool funnel container that's supposed to mask how little you get. Nonetheless, the fries were good but a bit thin. For dessert we got the Portuguese Donuts with coffee gelato, and their berry poptart. It tasted fresh and not overtly sweet. What prevented this place from getting a higher rating was the service and weird entrances. There are two entrances. One with a couch and tv with a lounge vibe. The second was cramped and messy with chairs and newspapers. We were at the latter. I think this is totally detrimental to the quality of service. At the time, there was one guy working the front and he had to juggle both sides. He looked flustered while holding his clipboard. The wait time for food was unnecessarily long. Look, I like my food cook to order, but damn, if I'm going to be waiting this long, I better be shitting platinum, gold, and diamonds. I will say the servers were friendly, attentive and knowledgeable about the food. The place is new, so I'm giving it another chance. And I'm intrigued about their other items. Especially their steamed sandwiches. I would recommend it but hopefully you don't have to wait 20-30 minutes for a burger.
5	Went with 7 others just last night. Service was great thanks to Lance! Thanks braddah. Burgers took a little bit to come out, but fortunately we all delved into great conversations to make the time pass quickly.Had my Crusty Crab... MMMSTILL AS MOUTHWATERING AND TASTY AS I CAN REMEMBER! My boyfriend tried the Special Spicy Miso Burger (which is only available until closing tonight!) which I have to say, may be one of the best yet! Yes, I'd have to say even better than the Kiki burger, but it's not a permanent resident at Bachi -sigh- always too good to be true... but if Chef Lorin reads this at any time, I'd love for that yummy goodness to be one of the specialty burgers on the menu at some point :)I also tried the special dessert, a Chocolate Hazelnut Ice Cream Sandwich. It was a little hard to eat in my opinion, but then you get to the hazelnut part and you forget about it all. It had some sort of a melted marshmallow on top which held a strawberry in place which was kinda cute IMO. Not my favorite dessert though. Still love. :)
4	I decided to come here for dinner and my friend was so surprised that I haven't been here yet. We got here around 6 on a Saturday night and we were seated immediately. There seemed to be a steady stream of people coming in after that.  Service was alright....it did take quite some time to get our food, but for the most part since we knew that the service was bad we made it a point to get what we needed whenever we saw the server.  On to the good stuff....I decided to order the duck steamed bun. Who doesn't get a burger at a burger joint right? Well I had Arby's for lunch and I didn't feel like a burger. I liked it except for the mint and the fact that the duck was a bit tough to eat. The egg didn't bother me like it did some yelpers. If you are REALLY hungry I would dissuade anyone from ordering this. Luckily, I wasn't too hungry so it filled me up just fine. My friend decided on the Blue and Green Burger. I got to try and bite and I thought it was pretty good. Bacon, mushrooms, blue cheese, veggies and meat....I was impressed with the size of the burger. Good flavors overall. I decided to also try these infamous truffle Parmesan fries.....they were really good; however, next time I come back I will be getting the sweet potato fries. Yes, I will be returning for a burger next time....maybe...the pork belly caught my eye too.
5	Man this is my favorite place to eat in town period. The best burgers in town on or off the strip. Its like a Japanese Hawaiin infused burger place with a fun menu that is just oozing with creative takes on burger restaurant staples. The service is amazing (thanks Lantz) as well. They are very attentive and know their menu inside and out. If you go make sure to try the Wagyu burger, get an extra patty, some bacon,  throw a fried egg on it and add some shishito peppers wash it down with Morimoto Soba ale then get the pop tart with plum ice cream for dessert. You will cry.
5	Grabbed a apple-lychee soda and pork belly buns......died and went to heaven!!!!! I'll be back! Thus place was wonderful!!!
4	I had the Lonely bird, a chicken/turkey burger, it was great. Really moist and flavorful. The parmesan truffle fries were ok. I was expecting slow service, not as slow as previous reviews bit it wasn't the quickest. I definitely would come back for the chicken/turkey burger.
4	Oh Bachi Burger you have made my day! I waited all day to finally try this place out since everyone reviews made it seem like I'm missing out. So all I can say to my fellow yelpers "Thank you" this place is yummy in my tummy. When my family and I walked in a young gentlemen greeted us and sat us down. I asked him about the burgers and which one is the most popular one. Kalbi burger and Kiki burger is what he suggested. My bf ordered the Kiki burger and I ordered the Ronin burger since it looked delicious from the pictures everyone posted. We ordered the side of fries, the truffle Parmesan and the garlic salt and pepper fries. And the perfect way to end our meal is dessert, the donuts were mouthwatering. Overall my experience was top-notch!
4	We went back yesterday close to the brink of starvation ordered the Ronin burger, Kalbi burger and some truffle parm friezz.  Okay, maybe not to the brink of starvation, but boy were we hungry and gobbled everything down in probably 5 minutes flat!  My original fav was the Kalbi burger, but this time Ronin wins.  Who can turn down the fried egg in it and zippy horseradish based sauce on the side.  Delish!  And, as usual, the parm friezzzz were bomb diggity and service was sketchy.  Conclusion:  Still a happy camper over the food.
5	Went for the first time last night... delicious!  Lovely hidden gem in my neck of the woods.  Had the parm fries (had to get a couple orders because they were soooo good), pork belly steamed buns and kiki burger.  I'm pretty sure I'll be a regular.  LOVE IT!
4	MMMmmm. Pretty dang good. Definitely a different spin on burgers. Not traditional, and would not recommend someone who is in search of the 50's diner burger. Asian inspired and innovative! They serve a variety of different kinds of drinks like lychee green apple soda and other unique sodas (no refills though). The macha green tea is delishhh and plenty of refills. We did not have to ask for a refill for our green tea, very attentive staff. So far, I have yet to try any beef burgers. I've got the "Lonely Bird" and the "Crusty Crab." I would definitely recommend the Crusty Crab because it was light and delicately flavorful...Only complaint, and not much of a complaint, but I wish fries came equipped with a burger... but how can something as delicious as truffle fries come with an already delicious burger... it's almost a sin.
3	I dined at Bachi Burger earlier today for lunch. This was my first time eating here, my friend said we should  try this place out. The restaurant itself is very contemporary, not your typical burger joint with stools near the kitchen or anything like that. It's Asian inspired with artwork, wooden floors and a clean yet simple set up. I ordered the Bachi Caeser and BBQ Bachi Burger. They have a menu with American-Asian fused cuisine. Very Hip and Different!Customer Service was okay. When we walked in there were several people who said Hi and right away set us up a table. Later on , there was only one waitress for the entire floor. I'm guessing everybody else went on break? It took a minute to get a refill or ask for the check.My only concern was the Salt and Pepper French Fries. My friend ordered them and as we were eating them, we noticed a WORM slithering about the fries! To our disgust, we politely asked the waitress to look at it to prove we weren't insane. She took the fries away and sent the General Manager our way. He was very polite, apologized and offered us dessert. I think that was the best way to handle a situation like that. Overall, my first experience there was okay. I'll definitely come back another day... but I'll make sure to check the fries for any visitors ;)
5	This place is a real gem. It's probably the best, most innovative burger joint I have ever been to.A group of 5 of us came in and we ordered:kalbi burger, grilled bachi fish, spicy miso burger (special), and kiki's burger.It took about 20 min to come out and it was well worth the wait. We sampled each others burger and they all brought a different taste to each. Very fresh and very juicy for burgers cooked to medium. Kalbi burger had a small kick to it, and tasted like the bachi pickles appetizers you find in korean restaurants. Kiki's burger tasted like a mushroom and swiss, but gourmet. It almost tastes like they steam the patties! My fav was the grilled bachi burger. The sauce was tangy and the fish was really mild and soft. Not overcooked at all. The spicy miso burger consisted of radish sprouts, the patty, and a miso sauce that just mixes together so well.We opted for the portugese donuts with green tea ice cream. It was a nice ending to the meal. Came out piping hot and the ice cream complemented it well.Definitely coming back for the wagyu burgers in a couple days.
3	I went today for lunch, disappointed.  I got the lonely bird again, it wasn't as good as the first time.  They lack consistency.  My friend got the miso burgo and really liked it.  The apple lychee soda, I'm not really a fan, it was kinda off, like not that refreshing or needed more carbonation.  The service today was horrible.  From the time we walked in to the time we got our food was over 40 mins, we didn't even have to wait for a table.  I'd go back, maybe for a different burger.  I would avoid lunch time, either go before or after the rush.  The service was that slow...
4	So tonight was the second night within the week that I have visited Bachi Burger.  Wednesday Night-Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries with a fried egg:  one of my friend, Spanky who didn't order any fries, could not stop eating this yummilicious fries.  -Ronin Burger-talk about explosive flavors from a bite of this burger...how amazing is this?  Was a very creative and innovative burger.  Spanky, who had ate dinner earlier, had to order this burger because it sounded so freakin awesome.  He down half of that burger in literally 3 bites, AND the burger was a decent size.  I shared this burger with my other friend, since he wasn't too hungry.  However, he said he should have gotten his own burger since it was so good.-parmasan truffle fries-I could definitely taste the truffle and the sundried tomato aioli made it so much more better.  We had to order an extra ramkin of this yummy sauce.  It cost .50 cents though.  Sure it doesn't break my bank account, but I think they can easily bring in the bucks with this because it is just that yummy.  But I have to say, the oxtail chili fries made this one forgettable. -I end the night with the rootbeer float.  They gave me so much icecream!  nom nom nom...Friday Night-Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries-What can I say...YUMMY.  This alone is quite filling for 2, note to self.-Kiki burger:  well, i honestly thought the star of this burger are the different type of mushrooms that are in it.  When we got the burger, i was unable to taste the mushrooms :(  The bacon was overpowering everything else.  Still, a good burger.Service:   WonderfulAmbience: Contemporary Nice FeelFood:  GGGGREAT!!
2	Friends were raving about this place so I figured I'd give it a try.  It was just okay...the picked veggies to start were good but the burger had too much going on - who needs two sauces and four toppings to make a burger taste good? Also our truffle fries were soggy and the wine pour ($9 for Cab) was about 4 ounces...kinda skimpy.  I vote for LBS at Red Rock Casino
3	burgers were ok. Had three burgers, three fries and three drinks and the bill was $53 plus tip. Kind of overpriced for a neighborhood burger joint. Had the truffle fries with special sauce, served maybe a teaspoon of sauce and when we asked for more we were told it was an extra charge of fifty cents. Never before been charged for extra sauce so I dont think we would be returning. They give you one teaspoon of sauce with the fries so you can "purchase" extra, which came full. go figure. Also ordered the sweet potatoe fries which were excellent but the citrus sauce literally tasted like bleech. When they asked how we liked everything I told them the sauce tasted funny and I couldn't eat it they said it must have been the strong asian citrus in the sauce however,, they still charged for the extra sauce which we needed to compensate for the disgusting sweet potatoe frie aiola sauce. won't be returning as I didnt feel it was a good value and to be honest the extra ketchup charge really irritated me. sorry thumbs down on this place and the extra charge for french fry sauce.
5	I thought I reviewed this place already. I mean, why wouldn't I jump to write the review on this awsome burger joint right after my experience? Must have been the food coma from this yummy food.. or perhaps the beers that followed the food... oh well.So I stopped by Bachi Burger with some friends (party of 5) sometime in the middle of August. I was worried about the previous reviews about the service. But we had no problems. Our server was awesome! It was about 9:30p and the place was half full. I wish I remembered the name of our server, he seemed so happy and passionate about his job! And gave us recommendations and whatnot.So we started off with the truffle fries and I got the Kiki Burger, the BF got the Ronin, and our friends got a ronin, kiki, and a traditional burger. And the bf got some kind of lemonade thing, can't remember what it was, but it was good!Fries came out pretty quick and they were gone in less than a minute! yummy stuff. The burgers did take quite a while. But the server did come by to check on us, so at least we weren't ignored. What sucked was that our burgers didn't all come out together. So some started grubbing before others cause we were starving and didn't want the food to go cold!LOVED the kiki burger. Something about the sweet bun, it makes the burger. The flavors lived in happy harmony. Oh and the dipping sauce, interesting flavor. They gave me the wrong sauce by accident so I got to try 2 different sauces with my burger.Haven't been back there since but I sure hope I get the chance again soon! LOVING Bachi Burger! Though this review may seem kinda not so helpful since I can't remember the details of my visit.. but I had to say something. I need to try their whole menu..! And I am sure I won't be dissappointed. Only thing is, it's kinda pricey for just the burger with no sides... oh well!
3	My wife and I ate at Bachi today for lunch and I have to say that they must be fairly new as the staff seemed not up to par. However, the burgers that we had were very good. I thought that the prices were a little high for an "off strip" burger joint as the Burger Bar at Mandalay Place had equally as good burgers at similar prices. I had a grapefruit soda that was good but cost $3.50. No refills!The appetizers were very interesting and we ordered the Garlic stir fried edamame and it was good. The french fries were good but again due to the price of the burgers I thought that the fries should have come with the burger.The total check for the two of us with the tip was $45 with no alcohol and I think that is a bit much for a small plain neighborhood burger joint.
4	Bachi Burger. I don't know what it was about you, but when I saw your sign it instantly intrigued me.My sister's recommendation solidified my decision to give this place a try. When I went, it was during their soft opening. The waitress told me they had just opened and hadn't had a grand opening yet. Despite this little detail, the place was packed! And up till now, every time I go to Bachi, it's always full. This unfortunately can be a problem. Seating is limited and I once waited 30 minutes to get a table for 2. They did offer to put in our order so the food would be ready by the time we were seated. This also relates to a second problem I have with Bachi: the wait time for food. It takes longer than average to get your food once you've ordered it. But if you're patient, you'll be rewarded. Don't let impatience ruin your Bachi experience.Despite these few issues, Bachi Burger is awesomely delicious. I've had the opportunity to sample almost every item on the menu and everything is good. I appreciate the creativity and flavor combinations in the different specialty burgers. My favorite happens to be the Bachi fish burger (fish? at a burger place? i know...). With all the specialty burgers, I have had several family and friends choose the original bachi burger as their favorite, exhibiting that this burger joint knows how to make a good, simple, but very tasty burger.
3	i really, really, really wanted to like this place and i did -- i just didn't love it. first of all, let me come correct about my prejudices. i think good food is 80% good product (what did TED WILLIAMS say about hitting ?? look for a good pitch and try and do something good with it). the rest is 15% good technique (if you've seen the THOMAS KELLER video where he roasts a chicken, you know that that line blurs with genius but for us mere mortals ...) and 5% good recipes. BACHI BURGER works pretty darn hard at getting good product. they seem very conscientious about (locally) sourcing premium ingredients -- i mean LAS VEGAS is in the middle of the desert. i believe their recipes are stellar but their execution (at least the night we were there) is mediocre at best. other reviewers have complained about the service. ours was fairly attentive -- she did disappear toward the end of dinner and we had a bit of a time getting our check -- surprising because we came early (on a friday night) and by the time we were ready to leave the place was really filling up. but my biggest complaint was that she seemed bewildered by the menu and couldn't answer any of our questions and we had a few. the menu was confusing -- for example the THAT's CHEESY burger under the specialty burger heading and just above the notation that all their burgers are 100% angus beef is a cheeseburger sans burger -- who knew ??? kid's GRILLED CHEESE was nasty -- no ifs, ands or buts. JULIANA and WYATT took one bite, made faces and pushed their plates aside. bad idea. bad execution. delete from menu offerings sooner than later.the STEAMED BUNS (we had the short rib) were really interesting but a bit dry. love the idea. wish they offered a trio (duck and pork belly too) so we could have tried all three. horseradish-yuzu aioli was stiff and a surprisingly poor pairing with the beef. the FRIES were limp. i'm sorry but fries are supposed to be crisp. the dollop of black truffle "something" looked like my spuds had been strafed by sea gulls in a fly by. the flavors were amazing but ... the seemingly endless array of little dipping bowls (house made ketchup and various aiolis) got confusing and nothing was soft and creamy -- mayos really shouldn't be hard and crusty -- should they? the flavors were amazing but ... who decided grease spattered buns toasted on a grill next to the burger are a good idea ?? they're slippery and hard to hold on to and you have to wipe your fingers every single time you pick them up. mine fell apart about half way thru the sandwich and i had finish up with a fork. the flavors were amazing but .... house made sodas and the PORTUGUESE DOUGHNUTS and VIETNAMESE CINNAMON-COFFEE GELATO were fabulous -- no buts. well, would have preferred the gelato in one of those little bowls the aiolis come in so i wouldn't have had to chase it around my plate with a spoon but ...my understanding is that at least one of the "BACHI" brothers was executive chief at ROY's -- your restaurant shouldn't be good. your restaurant should be great. you've already done the hard part. now get to work a little harder at doing the rest.
5	Went to Bachi Burger for lunch on Monday, and it was so good, I felt I needed to update my review for themFrom when we ordered to getting the food, it was 15 minutes EXACT. Not too bad. It wasen't busy, so I still wonder why a -burger place- has that kinda of slowness in cooking the food. Service is still great, very attentive.Kiki's Burger is  pure perfection, and it was cooked to a pefect MEDIUM for a change. I was so happy with it! Juicy and very beefy. Gor the truffle parmesian fries, and OMG, they were so wonderful! Hot, frsh and wow..I love truffles I guess now! Got the calamansi lime soda which was very tart and refreshing.I wish all my trips here were so perfect!
4	WOW WOW WEE! Seriously, this place is off the chain. Came here on a Sunday night, I thought it was open till late.. Unfortunately, we came there about 30 minutes till close. The waiter said there was going to be about a 15 minute wait and I looked around and there was a few tables opened. I got a bit confused.. but I sat down anyways.We got seated about 10 minutes later. I did feel a bit rushed in the beginning because the waiter kept reminding us that the kitchen was going to close. BUT.... the rest of the dinner went well with service. This server was TRULY very nice and at that point, I didn't feel rushed at all. If you ever get LANCE as your server, you hit the jackpot for friendliness!!!! On to the food,I choose THE RONIN BURGER. Which was delightful... but it get's a bit soggy. That's my only complaint. There's just a lot of saucy stuff going on there... I put the wasabi mayo on but I actually would have preferred to have it without it. But that fried egg and juicy meat.. god, it was gold! The one thing that I really liked about the burger was the sweet hamburger bun. Not like your average bun. Light fluffy and a good compliment to all the ingrediants in the burger.The fries were craziness. We ordered the sweet potato fries and the truffle parmasean fries. Both my new favorites...The malasadas (portuguese donuts) were very good. They ain't no Leonard's Bakery but they were damn good with that cinammon ice cream. It was a nice ending to my already nice experience.
4	We just had dinner there tonight- showed up at about 5:30pm, not too crowded for a sat night, no wait necessary.  My BF and I sat down, ordered the chili/garlic edemame, he had the Mata green tea and I had the apple/lychee soda.  My soda was yummy! My BF wanted sweet n'low for his tea but they didn't have any.  So our waitress gave us sugar, which doesn't work cause it wont dissolve and sinks right to the bottom..oh well.Anyways- our friends finally get in and I order the duck steamed buns, my BF orders the KIKI burger and our friends get the Blue/Green burger and the Crab burger.  We also order sweet potato fries, garlic salt pepper fries, Parmesan truffle fries and shrimp chips. My duck steamed buns were delish- wish they would offer a combo of all the steamed buns in one dish, that way someone  like myself that likes variety can try all three since I love pork belly too!My BF and friend that ordered the burgers both thoroughly enjoyed theirs, they said the burgers were nice and juicy and were cooked perfectly.  I had a small bite of my BF's Kiki burger and really liked it too (next time!)I also tried my friend's crab burger and it was okay- the crab cake had a good amount of crab, hardly any fillers so it was quite flaky.Now- out of all the fries, I actually loved the sweet potato fries the best, the wasabi aioli had a nice kick to it but the sweet potato fries were a thicker cut so you can still get the warm/soft potato bite to it.The others were just okay and the shrimp chips a little too greasy still.Overall, a success as we will definitely be back to try more on the menu!
5	My friend had recommended this place, and it's GREAT. The gourmet burgers are different and delicious. We had the Edamame Soybean Stir fried with Garlic, Ginger, and Chili. It has an asian flair with the ginger and chili oil, but very good. The Truffle Parmesan Fries were also good, I really liked the Sun Dried Tomato Aioli it came with. We had gotten the Ronin Burger, which was very good. It had a bit too much cole slaw for me, but it was still good. We also got the KiKi Burger, which I really liked.
4	if you're looking for asian style burgers, this is your place.went here after work one night (it was a little late, but theyre open til 2am) and was really hungry, especially after serving food for 6 hours. we got sat right away, but it seemed we waited a little bit for everything (water, to take our order, get our food, and get our check). however, it was our first time there and the extra time helped us get familiar with the menu and really figure out what we wanted.fries are pretty good. sauces are paired very well. love the shrimp chips!!! edamame was pretty good, and so was the chili chicken.tried almost all the burgers, and the peking duck bun sandwiches. all very tasty and worth the wait (maybe it seemed long because i was so hungry? im not sure). we went back one night and had amazing service! i cant remember her name (i seriously need to write these things down! hopefully these will serve as reminders to myself) but everything timed out perfectly. her recommendations were great as well.we came in another time with a party of 10 and got amazing service as well!!! definitely will be back, since its a few minutes away from our place!
5	If some people haven't noticed, I've been on something of a reviewing spree.  If you are indeed keeping track, this will be the final review for tonight.The road to Bachi Burger was an interesting one, as we were heading to Monta Ramen, then to Carnegie Deli at the Mirage, and somehow Bachi came up and none of us in the car had ever eaten there before.  So it was decided, to Bachi we go.  We walk in, and are promptly seated.  the place was smaller than I had imagined, but on a Wednesday night, it wasn't busy, so there was plenty of space.We sit down look at the menu, and are pretty much floored.  The three of us had no idea what to get.  The entire menu sounded amazing, from the Ronin burger to the Kalbi burger to their special of the night, the Spicy Miso burger.  After hearing the description of the special, we decided at least one of us has to order it.  And the other 2 ordered the other aforementioned burgers.  To round out the meal, we each ordered some sort of side.  We had the sweet potato fries, the garlic salt and pepper fries, and the parmesan truffle fries.  Thoroughly satisfied that we had ordered almost half the menu, we waited anxiously for our food.The wait was a tad bit long, but the music there really helped the time go by.  They had played really nice throwback, old school music along with some hits from earlier this decade.  Lauren Hill, Ice Cube, John Mayer, Talib Kweli were some of the artists I remembered (It Was A Good Day was the song by Ice Cube, such a chill song, and a very fitting considering the meal we were about to just demolish.)  They also had ESPN on the 2 tv's in the restaurant, but it was just sportcenter at the time, so nothing too exciting.Finally the food had arrived, and we were ready to pounce like tigers.  The burgers were without a doubt amazing, all of us taking a bite, then rotating the plates, so we could taste all the burgers and their deliciousness.  I had to give the burger of the night award to the Spicy Miso special.  The waitress highly recommended it, and she definitely wasn't lying to sell product.  The fries were amazing, with the parmesan truffle fries stealing the side order show.  They tempted us with dessert, and boy, did we fall for it.  They had hyped up their dessert special of the day, and they once again did not disappoint.  I dont remember what it was called, but it was only 5 bucks, and between 3 people, barely 2 bucks added per person.  Granted the serving was for more like 1 person, we were all so full, that it filled up all the left over spots we could have left.After it was all said and done, we definitely agreed we have to come back.  I can't wait to see what special they'll have next.
5	It was a very interesting Wednesday night if i must say so myself. Me and my friends were all very hungry and decided we should grab a bite to eat, leaving our usual spot with the assumption that we were all about to grab some Fukuburger. As we were driving however, that decision instantly changed about 5 times from grabbing ramen at Monta to visiting Carnegie Deli for a woody allen. Eventually all those things were shot down when out of nowhere the suggestion for Bachi Burger was brought up. Seeing as neither one of us had ever been there, that suggestion took the cake.Upon arriving at Bachi Burger, I instantly knew this was going to be a very different experience, especially since this place looked unlike any other burger place that I have been to. We were seated and as soon as we saw the menu we were all quite thoroughly shocked at the selection. EVERYTHING sounded amazing. So amazing in fact that it was very difficult to decide on what to order. When our waitress came over one of us asked what she would recommend and she told us about the Ronin Burger which is what I ended up having. She then proceeded to tell us about the special, Spicy Miso Burger, which after she was finished describing totally swept my friend off his feet. My other friend ended up getting the Kalbi Burger that way we all had 1 different burger and 1 different side of fries and we could all taste everything.The food was amazing. This was unlike any burger I've ever had. Everything blended in so perfectly that it was very difficult to resist the urge to make inappropriate sounding noises at the goodness of this burger. All in all the Spicy Miso Burger was definitely the highlight of the night. When our waitress recommended that the Spicy Miso was amazing, she was by no means just trying to sell a product. It was fantastic.I live on the COMPLETELY opposite side of town from this place and I will be willing to drive out 30-45 min to that side of town just to get me some Bachi Burger. Tell everyone you know that this is one burger place you absolutely have to go to.
5	This place is freaking awesome! My housemate and I went for a late dinner before their closing and it was great.  It's a really tiny place, but even at 1am it was still busy.  I liked the simple decor with really awesome art on display.  Our server was a real sweet guy too.I got the Spicy Miso Burger (the special) and it was SOOOOOOOOOO tasty.  It was the best spicy burger I'd ever had.  It had a fried egg that was cooked to perfection. The sweetness of the creamy yolk went really well with the spiciness from the peppers and sauce.  The bun was soft, but crisp in between from the grill.  It's super messy, but all in the right ways.  This NEEDS to be permanent on the menu because I want to eat it every time!I also got the garlic, salt, and pepper french fries, which came with a spicy mayo sauce.  It was super good especially with the burger.  Very garlicy, but delicious.My friend got the short rib steamed bun and I tried one (it came with three).  It was a great combo of flavor.  The meat was delicious and tender and the vegetables complimented the flavors.  The radish gave it a freshness that was just indescribable.She also got the plain fries and I tried the sauce that came with it and was surprised.  The pineapple ketchup is surprisingly un-pineapple like.  It's sweet and a good compliment to the steamed buns.We also got the Portuguese donuts dessert. It was sooooo good. The donuts are fried to order and go amazingly well with the icecream.  Together it tastes like a deconstructed fried icecream.  Really great.  I'll definitely order it again.Great place...I'm going to try to go there again this week!
5	I effin' love this place.  Kalbi burger?  Yes please.You guys need to open one of these in Chicago.  I will be at your door the day you open, like a hungry, hungry stalker.
5	In my opinion, I rate this place the best gourmet burger spot in Vegas.They have great service  and even a server that looks and acts like Jimmy Fallon! YEAH! Seriously! HAHAHAHA!!!They change up their dessert menu every so often but they haven't disappointed me yet.Their kalbi, bachi fish, and wagu burger are my favorites. They also have items you can add on to your burger like fried egg, shishito peppers, avocado, and so on. Their sweet fries and truffle parm fries are delicious as well.
4	Loved this casual, independently owned neighborhood burger spot near I-215 and Windmill. The shopping center is across the street from a large Von's shopping center at Windmill and Bermuda. Delicious burgers -- meat was cooked perflectly and service was outstanding -- served with tasty toppings and perfectly paired  condiments. I had a half of my Kiki burger, served with sweet onion marmalade and mushrooms (I skipped the cheese and asked for the Garlic chili aoili on the side)  wrapped in a lettuce leaf along with a salad and garlic edamame. Two of the guys in our group tried the Ronin Burger, served with Japenese cole slaw. Another had the "Lonely Bird," a terrific ground chicken and turkey "Tsukune" burger.  We all loved the innovative menu and reasonable prices. French fry lovers, rejoice: Bachi serves several varieties of French fries -- Sweet potato (w/citrus aoili) Truffle Parmesan (w/Black truffle porcini cream sun dried tomato aoili) , Garlic salt and pepper and "Just Fries," served with pineapple ketchup. Excellent service.
5	kiki burger is what i gettruffle fries is what i likethe one page menu is what i most adore about this place, i dont like looking through pages and pages of items.  service was good and product is good.  been there 3 times already and will keep on going.
4	This place is so good!  The burgers are really juicy and the buns are soft, but not in a bad way, in a wonderful pillow-like fluffy way.  The service is nice and the decor is okay.  I had the bahn mi burger and I loved it.  Also the home-made sodas are the bomb!!  I hope we can see more places like Bachi Burger thrive in Las Vegas.
4	Let me tell you something-I would rather come to bachi burger, sit in a restaurant that I know doesn't change locations and will be open than chase around a truck so I can sit in a parking lot waiting for my overpriced food for an hour. Ok, so about the food. It's delicious. I had the ronin burger and sweet potato fries. The burger was nice and juicy and flavorful, like amazing flavor. The fries were so good. If you've never had sweet potato fries, over them. I would say they are borderline dessertish with a nice salty sweet mixture of flavors. Btw Lantz the server is awesome. Good attitude and really good with explaining everything and making suggestions.
5	2 Words to describe - FAB ULOUS!!!!  Try the fish burger, the sweet potato fries, it's all simply delish!
5	Came back with some family members.  This enabled us to see a lot of the menu.  We started off with the Edamame and pickles.  Good flavor with the pickles.  We had the Ronin, Blue and Green, and Bachi burgers.  We also had the steamed bun with short rib.  The short was a bit dry and chewy.  The burgers were very good.  Needed a bit more salt.  They probably make them low salt and allow the diner to add some of the sea salt they have at the table.  The Green and Blue had just the right amount of blue cheese.  Not overpowering.  The parm fries and s&p fries were crispy and are served with a nice dipping sauce.  Overall a good experience and well worth the price.  Even though there were some flaws, the price of admission is well worth it.
5	This place has amazing food and is in a great low key location ... my kids loved their food too!
5	So we double dated at Bachi Burger and the first thing we notice is that smell! It smelled so good!Like my intro?  The 4 of us were all Bachi virgins and our cherries were about to get popped like goes the weasel!  All of us agreed to get a different burger each and a different specialty drink.  I ordered the Kalbi Burger which I thought was the biggity bomb!  It had kim-chee inside! It came with a side of Kim-chee style mini zucchini/cucumber, wasn't too sure what it was but it was tasty, and went well with my burger.  The drink i had was the strawberry lemonade jasmine tea (no free refills). It was really pulpy so if you order it, make sure you get a glass of water too to wash it all down.  And I can't forget the ox-tail chili cheese fries... Mmm! I just wish they put more ox-tail.The overall experience at Bachi was a memorable one.  Service was fast, music was good, environment was comfortable, and the food was Uh-maze-zing!  I will definitely be back!
4	This really could be a 5 star burger joint and I wish there was something like this in the 'hood I live in, "Tarzana in the house!"But it broke a major commandment for burger joints "Thou Shall Not Cook A Burger Past Medium". We ordered our burgers Medium but got them almost well, so sad. Guess what... that shows how good the quality and flavors are! We overcame and you shall too.The truffle Parmesan fries are really amazing.LA Peeps, Hit this up on the way back or on the way to your Vegas (Mis)Adventures, its only 5 min. off the 15. -P
5	Wow, what a great burger. So nice to see a small local restaurant doing well. The food is amazing, the service was good...Going back today for lunch again
5	On the hunt for a burger joint away from the strip, I found this gem. The restaurant itself is classy and completely lacks the fast food feel. You can't go wrong with any of the items on the menu  since all of them are done well.  Just make sure you get your burgers cooked medium for that extra juicy, juice. Highly praised from me and my friends: Ronin burger, "Ban Mi" burger dipped with a light nuoc mam sauce, The Crusty Crab, and the Truffled Parmesan Fries. Mission accomplished. Burger craving satiated.
5	I've died and gone to Asian burger heaven!  With burgers that are high quality and entirely unique, and drinks that you'll remember (Jasmine Lemonade is a personal favorite), Bachi Burger is a can't-go-wrong place when you have a bit of money to spend.  Unfortunately the prices are bit high, so you probably won't want to eat there all the time, but with lots of specials and new things to try, there's always a reason to go back.I don't know where these other people with bad reviews ate, but I've never had a problem with the service at all.  They're always very friendly and while they could be a bit more prompt, there's no complaint here!  First timers should try the Truffle Parmesan Fries, Jasmine Lemonade, and the Kiki's Burger.  I recommend the Banh-Mi Burger, but it probably wouldn't be for everyone's palate.
4	Bachi Burger is always a solid meal. Burgers cooked to the right temperature, a hip environment, and Asian twist. I'm Asian, so I feel the burgers are less of something completely new, but a visit to familiar favorites with a twist. It's so easy to marinate your burgers in teriyaki, lol. I like the sweet potato fries over the truffle ones, which were soggy. The pork belly bao were nice, but much less filling than a Kiki burger. The boba was frothy and less sweet than a typical bobo, which was a nice departure from the norm. But they have some classics on the menu -  including shrimp chips! YUM!
3	MLML always is looking for a good burger and we heard about Bachi Burger from a co-worker.Bachi Burger is hidden in a small strip mall and has a touch of an Asian atmosphere.We ordered the Bachi pickles for an appetizer and were pleasantly surprised of the presentation.  Two small oblong trays of different items - cauliflower, beet, cucumber, and other  assorted veggies but the best was the garlic.  It was soaked in some teriyaki sauce or Yoshida's Gourmet Sauce and it tasted sweet not like a garlic at all.  I could have eaten a whole plateful of those.MLML ordered the Kiki burger which he devoured and i ordered the steamed duck sandwich or a version of the hum bao or manapua.  We were both very satisfied with our meals and the specialty dessert.The service could have been better - they forgot a salad and seldom filled our drinks.That was the first time we were there...I had to bring down the rating to 3 starts because the second time we were there, MLML ordered a burger with blue cheese which was not tasteful at all and I switched to the steam sandwich with the pork belly.  The pork belly had too much fat in it and I had to separate it.  Service was so-so.  Pickles were still great!I would go back to try the last steam sandwich option with the short rib.
5	It was fated that Bachi Burger and Us would meet last Sunday at the Las Vegas Valley Book Festival's "Feasting on Words" Event.  I read about it on Yelp, went to check it out and was pleasantly surprised to see such a well-organized event that evoked a sense of community, somewhat unusual for Vegas.Bachi Burger chefs were among other local restaurant chefs there, slaving over an open grill to serve fresh food representative of their venues.  Bachi was serving these miso sliders that really stood out above the rest.  Kobe patties topped with fried quail eggs sandwiched between warm soft buns had me wondering why I never went to their restaurant before, especially since I live less than five miles away.We made our trip tonight and I am now so thankful to have been paying attention to Yelp events.  The restaurant is minimally decorated, modern and clean, fitting for an Asian-inspired gourmet burger joint.  We started with the parmesan truffle fries, which were very tasty, crispy (not burned) and not too greasy.  I really liked the Bachi pickles, which were a combination of pickled veggies: radish, onion, carrots.  They provided the addictive sodium and crunchy companion for the fries and burgers, which were worth the wait.  (I've read reviews that the service can be slow here; ours was not slow, but longer than many other burger joints, which make sense to me since these burgers taste like they were made with much care and effort).The Vietnamese in me desired the Banh-Mi burger, and the Vietnamese in me was right.  The Banh-Mi was a culmination of flavors: sweet from the Vietnamese ham (cha lua), salty from the fish sauce, tart from pickled cabbage, and spicy from the chili peppers.  All of this were served between two pate-covered buns, a perfect harmony.I was too full for dessert, but am looking forward to trying the Portuguese donuts with Saigon cinnamon on my next Bachi experience.Before we left, my boyfriend said, "We should be careful who we bring here, since we may run into them all the time from then on".
5	ive been here once(so far) on a double date. the moment i took i bite of my Ronin burger... *high pitched voice* shutup!  food tasted as good as its presentation. parmesan truffle fries. oxtail fries*deeper voice* shutup. shaking my head for such impressiveness. the four of us shared a bite of our burgers. the food gave me 'cited goosebumps('cited: short for excited). straight to my endorphines. i love that they're open late. i love what their menu offers. chill vibe.  the servers have deep customer connection. i admire the art hanging on the walls.  quick and efficient service.
4	Probably the best burger joint in Vegas!It has an original style; a burger play with an artsy japanese vibe to it. There is great photography hanging on the walls and its fairly small and intimate. The server was very friendly and was very patient with us since it was our first time there. I ordered a burger with a fried egg on it since I had never had one before, it was so amazing I am afraid to order it from anywhere else because I don't want to be disappointed. The fries are all so good! Our group ordered one of each so we got to try all of them. I'm glad we gave this place a try.
4	Bachi Burger has by far been one of the most tasty burgers I've ever had. It's an asian fusion!  Very interesting and well played, I'll have to say it's the best burger joint in Vegas, but also an expensive one.  The first burger I had wasn't that great, it had a gingery taste to it I think it was called the Ronin Burger.  But I gave it another chance and boy, it was amazing.  The Kalbi burger and The Kiki Burger are my favorites.  It's like an explosion of flavor in your mouth! The meat is cooked to my liking, never too well done.  If you do decide to get the Kalbi Burger, order an egg to it.  Trust me, it's delicious!
4	when I got out of the car i wanted topunch someone in the face for the bad sewer smell that hit ME in the face.  I'd give the location a neg 1 for being built where it probably shouldn't have been built.. that bad you ask? yes, the smell is in fact that bad.  to my discomfort.. we walked in [through the back?] and it followed me inside.  it took a minute to get used too, but don't fear.. it subsides.star 1: decor is very simple and cleanstar 2:  they welcome you once you walk in.. and once we were seated, our very energetic waiter broke the menu down for us with short and detailed descriptions and we appreciated that a lot since it was our first time.our order: kalbi burger:bahn mi burger:short ribs sandwich:7oz angus burger:sweet potato fries:truffle fries:star 3:  for the awesome take on asian hamburgers.  I've never had burgers that had a fusion of asian flavors... my [kalbi burger had kim chee in it!] tasty, flavorful, and the perfect size for one sitting. star 4: price! everything was reasonably priced and you definitely get your moneys worth... if more! I tried a little of everything we ordered and everything was an eye opening yum.. loved our experience here... except for that weird smell!you sit around for awhile and it soon fades.. but bad smell and food does not mix.. not at all.
5	Hey! watch out now.. cus the southwest is comin' up! Bachi Burger, MMMMM!I would end the review there.. But Bachi deserves more than that. Seriously, forget the burger truck. Bachi can stay right where it is and I'll come to them anytime. I've only been here once. Thanks to Yelp, it has led me here. But with my stomach willing and all... I would come here every day.I came here with three others being all Bachi virgins. So we ordered a different burger each. That way we can try eachothers. The inside is fairly spacious and simple. I ordered the Bahn-Mi burger. I'm not sure what Bahn-Mi means, but I'd assume it's a vietnamese sandwich except in burger form. I got to try the ox-tail chili fries and the parmesan truffle fries. Both are deservingly tasty, but I love the parmesan truffle more. They had taro boba but no hot taro milk tea =/. What was more important was that the service was quick and friendly.
5	This is one of the best burger places in town! I have been here about ten times in the past couple months probably, and I am still satisfied and trying everything on the menu!  If you like the whole Asian-style burgers, you will have to try this! Oh, and don't forget to try the Oxtail chili-cheese fries! To die for!!
2	Since I loved coming to Bachi so much the first time, I came back a 2nd time a week later, but they were closed for a private party.  Three days later, I made a return.  Unfortunately, the service was extremely slow, taking 35 minutes to get our food.  On top of this, the waitress did not come one time to check on us.  When we asked about getting our fries, they informed us that it was up to us to ask them to bring it out before our burgers if we wanted the fries first (even though they automatically brought us our fries first on our last visit).We ordered the peking duck steamed buns, which were very good, but not as good as burgers.  We also ordered the sliders, to which they forgot to add the fried eggs we had wanted.  The waitress gave us a %10 discount for all these mistakes and the slowness of the service, but I left feeling very dissatisfied.I can understand the wait if the restaurant was packed, but almost 40 minutes for food when the restaurant is less than half full is incomprehensible to me, especially when the waitress doesn't even come to check on you.
4	It's not a burger joint...So said a friend of mine.  Is she high?  Not always.  Is she insane?  Totally.  But she does have a point.  Where can you get a burger with kim chee or miso dressing on it?  Want a braised short rib sandwich in a bao bun?  Even Burger King won't make it this way!I had the Kiki's burger.  I'm a bacon whore and this thing has caramelized bacon, so c'mon how could I even think about ordering something else?  I asked for it to be cooked med rare, which the waitress was more than happy to take note of.  When my bacon came out, it was delish!  It wasn't quite enough for my taste, but it was placed between (what looked at tasted like) sweet bread, some damn fine shrooms and  a thick, juicy patty.  Other than more bacon, I would have liked a more flavorful cheese (or maybe just a bit more) and for the meat to be cooked less.  It was more pink than red, but it was still tasty.Aside from my bacon burger, we had sweet potato fries (awesomely crisp on the outside and tender throughout) and truffle fries (quite ordinary and plain, IMHO).  I also had an iced green tea, which was really dark and dense (the way I make it at home) compared to most other places I've had it.  Overall, the food was good.  Not mind blowing, but definitely a departure from your typical neighborhood burger joint.
4	I went to Bachi Burger because my co-workers were giving me a going away luncheon there. Service wasn't bad because we got there right when it opened. It started to get  busy after we left, so I can't say much after reading the other reviews about the wait.Looking around the place, it looked like a modern, asian burger restaurant. The menu had very interesting creations. I was indecisive in choosing what to get. I had the lonely bird & we all shared the truffle parmesan fries. The fries were good w/ the sauce.  My burger  wasn't the best. They were reasonably priced considering they were gourmet burgers. All the burgers looked very appealing as far as having a great presentation goes. The lonely bird is a turkey burger w/ a teriyaki flavor. I guess I wasn't too fond of what I ordered. I like turkey burgers, but this is the first time I had it w/ an asian twist. I decided to try it just in case it was good. You never know, but at least I know now that turkey burger w/ teriyaki flavoring is not for me.  One of my friends let me try her burger. I think it was called the black & blue. It was good. My bartender ordered the Crusty Crab & devoured it in like a couple mins. He said it was good & he would come back again. Everyone else had the Ronin & Kiki's burger. They all seemed to be enjoying the meal. I was enjoying the meal because I had great company. It was nice that they let us take group photos in there. I thought it was cool that they had many different flavored & unique beverages. I had the Jasmine lemonade tea. It was rather refreshing. Everyone seemed to like the lychee tea. The one thing I really didn't like about the establishment was when I had to use the restroom, their sink wasn't working. There was no water coming out. Hopefully they fixed this problem because it's a shame to be eating a meal w/ your hands & not be able to wash them prior to or after the meal. I would come again because their menu is unique, but maybe I'll wash my hands before arriving the establishment & bring extra sanitizing wipes.
4	This Asian fusion burger has that ambiance feel. The burger selections are definitely mouth watering. The music vibes and the decor is top notch level 3. Only if they have a drive through. Wish they had this place in San Jose. This place would be a fav hangout.
4	I had heard a lot about this place and everything I heard was positive so I wanted to try it.  I've gone twice and enjoyed it both times.  The main attraction here are the Asian-inspired hamburgers which fall under "Specialty Burgers" on their menu.  They are a little different and you will not like these if you're expecting a normal, American-style hamburger.  They do a good job of blending asian ingredients into a hamburger and the buns are a very good sweet bun.  If you want a normal, American-style burger, they do serve these as well although I have never partaken of one.  If I want a normal American burger, I will go to In N Out. You don't come to Bachi Burger seeking out something you can have anywhere which is a regular American-style burger.  You come here for something different, the Asian-inspired burgers.The different varieties of fries they have are all very good.  I tried the Truffle Parmesan fries and the Sweet Potato fries which were both very good.  They serve them both with a special aioli.The service I experienced on both of my visits was a mixed bag.  The main server, an asian female that I don't remember the name of, who took our order, was very good and efficient.  She was very helpful with explaining the different things on the menu while being very bright and cheerful.  The male server, who could have been the busboy, was a little slow and absent-minded refilling drinks and collecting dirty plates.  Overall, the service was good though.I did enjoy my two meals here and the people I was with both times also enjoyed their meals.  The prices are a little high when you think you're just getting burgers but you have to remember this is a sit-down restaurant, not fast food, and they are using high-quality ingredients.  In my opinion, the prices are fair.I would recommend trying it out.
5	Love walking into a place for the first time and hearing one of your favorite bands pumping throughout the joint?? As i entere to Sublime all i can think of is Oh Yeah and the next song..BOB Marley..They had me at Hello!-My wife and i started out with the parmesean truffle fries. They were tasty. loaded with parmesean, black truffle toppind and a side of sun dried tomato aioli. Very good, love parmesean!- I was torn between the Ronin and the Bahn Mi so i had the server decide. He suprised me with the Bahn Mi and it was a pleasant suprise. The flavors i love from all Vietnamese dishes thrown on to a burger. The only thing different was it was said to have been on a crusty bun but it was the sweet bun..no complaints from me-For desert we had the Portuguese doughnuts with Vietnamese cinnamon accompanied with coffee gelato. WOW, a hot dougnut with a spoonfull of the ice cream and brushed with the cinnamon, amazing flavors!!-We had a Cherry and a Lime soda to drink. They were tasty and not over sweetened-Service was great, super friendly staff each stopping at the table to see what you needed throughout the serviceCan't wait to get back, so many intersting items on the menu to try!
3	2.5 Stars, rounding up. Visited Bachi Burger a handful of times few months ago as its only a few miles from while I live, and I have to say their knock on waiting times is on point. Long enough to make a noticeable difference in your dining experience. If you can get past that then you're in for a pretty good treat. Interesting concept and flavors but the quality of service was lacking. Just needs some polish.. Would've liked a larger portion on my burger and desserts were ok. But then again this was something me and a couple of Yelpers had mentioned months back perhaps things have changed. I'll go back, just not anytime in the near future.
5	Asian infused restaurant, serving the best burgers in Vegas. Must try the oxtail chili cheese fries which compliments the burgers. Not only do they serve burgers but they serve boba!!! Great for satisfying the carving before 2am ;)
3	I really wanted to love this place. I was very pleased by how my burger was cooked. Perfectly pink and moist. The bun was fantastically buttery and plump.I enjoyed the parmesan truffle fries. They were very similar to the ones at Yard House. So they were good, but not particularly original. The gravy that topped it was delish, I wish there was more of that to go around. I was a little disappointed in the flavor profiles and textures. I guess I was expecting more bang, shazam, boom. Something special. It was just a really well-prepared burger, without any sizzle. I look forward to giving it another chance, though. Don't get me wrong. I hope it's better the second time around.
2	I went to Bachi expecting excellence and left a little underwhelmed.  Maybe after reading the reviews my expectations were too high??  I love the concept and I loved the atmosphere, but I just didn't love the meal.  For me, the Ronin was an average burger with a high price tag -  the meat was a tad overcooked, the egg was a little dry and really got lost on the bun.  The short rib steam buns were good....maybe a little more zing was needed to push it to awesome for me. The Truffle Parmesan Fries were tasty but as another review said - needed more gravy and not that original. I REALLY wanted to heart this place, but I didn't find enough ooomph in my meal to make me a die hard fan.
4	another spot i took my sister and 2 girlfriends too. my sisters been here before and she loved the food. tried a few different burgers this time. my sister and i order two different things and split them so we get to try a few things in one sitting. we got a kim chee burger and the banh mi burger. both amazing! we also got sweet potato fries and the parmesan truffle fries and of course - shrimp chips. service was great. although it seems the wait time for food is a little long. happened the last time as well, but the foods so good its hard to complain about the wait.still a favorite spot :]
4	Lack of vegetarian options. But they made a Burger with a fried egg spinach and caramelized mushrooms and onions. Very unique aiolis with an Asian flavor influence. What really saved them were their fries. I really enjoyed the truffle Parmesan and the sweet potato fries. The service was slightly slow for our group of eight.
4	Bachi Burger can be summed up in a few words: Creative, Inventive, and Yum.I've been wanting to try this place. My friends have raved about it, my fellow Yelpers have raved about it, so when I had a burger craving, I drove across town and gave it a go! And I was not disappointed!We started off with the pickled appetizer. It was light, different, and delicious. My favorite was the pickled garlic. Divine! Some of the other pickled options were alright, but the garlic blew my mind.I got Kiki 's Burger which had a carmalized onion, bacon marmalade and two types of Asian mushrooms. It was great, but the way the patty was put together was odd. It had a sweet taste to it. It was odd, different, and good. I just wasn't expecting a sweet burger. I paired my burger with the Truffle Parmesan fries. They were delicious and crispy. What I didn't like was that the truffles and Parmesan were all pilled on top of the fries instead of mixed all the way through.Of course, being the foodie I am, I had to try a dessert. I ordered the Portuguese donuts, with Vietnamese Cinnamon, and Coffee gelato.  The donuts that are dusted with cinnamon is a divine heavenly combo. It's melt in your mouth delicious. I would only order this is you are a coffee fan because individually the items are okay, but when paired together, your socks will be rocked off!Bachi Burger was inventive, fun, and reasonably priced. The inside of the restaurant was clean and their was adequate seating. I will definitely be back to try more Bachi amazingness!
3	Ok after a lot of ranting and raving from other people, we decided to try Bachi Burger. I understand that they are trying to be creative with their Asian fused food. Great concept, however, some times a little too much can be a bad thing. Overall the place was ok but not what I was expecting. I suggest this place if you want a nice atmosphere and finger foods, not if you're terribly hungry or if you have several mouths to feed since everything is a la carte. If on a budget, stick to Fukuburger.First comment- nice interior and atmosphere. Steady flow of people. Employees were nice. Even though there were other patrons, we seemed to wait a long time for our food. I believe we waited at least 20 mins to get our food and another 15 mins for the check. I mean for a burger this seems like a long time plus there seemed to be a quite a few employees in the back that it shouldn't have taken this long. Second - the food. We ordered the parm fries, Ronin burger and Short rib steam buns. Parm fries were good however I didn't feel that the sun-dried tomato aioli really fit in with the fries. If anything I would suggest that the truffle sauce replace the aioli because the sauces didn't go well in my opinion. Also I didn't think the aioli had much flavor considering it was sun-dried tomato. The Ronin was just ok. First I'm surprised they didn't ask us how we wanted it cooked. It came out medium well and honestly I would have preferred it a little more pink. First off, the burger in my opinion is quite small and tries to compensate with a thick patty but still looked delicious that I couldn't wait to take a bite. First bite, bread is soft and great quality of meat but the sauce tends to overpower the flavor of the rest of the ingredients. If you asked me I wouldn't have been able to tell you that there was Japanese Cole Slaw, an egg, caramelized onions or a miso dressing, all I could taste was the katsu sauce. There were 2 sauces on the burger and a citrus aioli on the side. Personally I don't think the aioli or the miso dressing are needed since the katsu sauce is powerful enough by itself.Short rib steam buns - great presentation making it look like pitas. However, first impression was that's alot of dough for the little bit of ingredients within it. First bite is exactly what happened. I thought that the short rib and the egg didn't have enough flavor to overshadow the thickness of the dough. I could taste the cliantro but other than that, I thought the flavor was very bland. I tried the dipping sauce which was suppose to be a horseradish aioli. Personally I wasn't a fan of it, I would have preferred something with a little more zing like a wasabi ranch dressing or a japanese style salsa. It's a great concept but I think it should be revamped to bring out the flavors of the ingredients they try to fuse together or else again everything gets lost in what is trying to be accomplished.Finally we ordered the Portguese doughnuts. Eh it was just an oversprinkled cinnamon mini-doughnut with a mini vanilla ice cream scoop. It tasted a little burnt and seems to be covered with alot of cinnamon and brown sugar to hide the burnt taste. Overall Bachi was just ok, it didn't meet the expectations that I had or maybe I had too high expectations. For two people we spent over $40 and still left hungry so I wouldn't recommend this place if you are starving. Again I like the concept and what they are trying to achieve but for the price I can get the same thing at Fukuburger.
5	Second trip with a friend of mine. Friday night time to "do work son" eating and drinking. Started out with some Saki and a few beers. Skipped the appitizers and we split the following-Pork belly steamed buns-Served like sliders, 3 in an order. they were amazing.The egg was a perfect addition to a mouth watering pieces of pork belly and the side of hoisin complimated the sandwhich-Short Rib steamed steam sand.- My favorite. The right flavors from the grill cooked the ribs to perfection and the side of Horseradish Yuzu Aioli was so kick ass!!!_Ronin Burger-Another great choice. Again the burger was full of flavor, love Japanese  Cole slaw with the combination of carmalized onion and a fried egg, Oh Yeah!!-Really busy and I wouldn't say service was slow. There was enough time between the steamed buns and the burger to enjoy the meals in little sections. One of the owners, Aaron(spelling) made his way to each table to talk to the custumers and was very friendly. The server was also friendly and even was talking requests on any alcoholic items that we might like to see on the menu in the future....My new favorite Burger Spot!!!
4	Didnt know what to expect.  Absolutely loved it.
4	After reading numerous reviews on Yelp about Bachi Burger I was finally in the area around lunch time so I stopped in for a to-go order. The reviews on Yelp made it clear that Bachi Burger had two areas they could improve in: Service and speed. Since I was on my lunch break I didn't have all day to wait for my order, so I asked how long it would take before I even looked at the menu. 10-15 minutes is what I was told by a pretty friendly employee.I decided to get Kiki's Burger, sweet potato fries and a cantaloupe milk tea with boba... Total was a little under $20, isn't Micky D's that's for damn sure! My drink was made immediately and it was so tasty, my first cantaloupe milk tea definitely will not be my last! My food really did take 10-15 minutes. No complaints at all on the service, I was treated respectfully and they got me on my way pretty quickly.Kiki's Burger comes with cheese, two types of mushrooms, bacon, an onion marmalade that was nice and sweet and a sauce on the side that I did not bother with. It was cooked perfectly, medium as I was told they recommended it. What a great combination of flavors! I would absolutely order this again. The real standout was the sweet potato fries though. I shared some with my co-worker because I know how much she likes sweet potato fries and she told me that these were "Off the hook, best she ever had". I agree with her. So I'm not sure about some of these negative reviews. Has Bachi Burger stepped their game up in recent months? Did I happen to go at the right day and time? Or were people just too critical? Not sure, I think I will need to go back to Bachi Burger again to find out.
5	I love Bachi Burger. My wife and I have been there two or three times.The Bachi pickles are awesome! It comes with approximately 8 different types of pickles (radishes, garlic, etc.), all of which are deliciously different.The edamame with garlic, ginger and chili are positively addictive. This was the first place I'd ever had edamame stir-fried with seasonings. I thought it was a great idea and have been experimenting with different flavor combinations at home.We've tried the garlic salt and pepper fries and the truffle Parmesan fries. Both were delish!The Peking duck steamed buns are very good and have a nice, sweet sauce.We've tried the Kiki's, Bahn-Mi, and Kalbi burgers. All were perfect fusion burgers. Very unique but made perfect sense when you ate them.The only bad thing is Bachi Burger is on the other side of town from me. Love the place!
5	Freaking A!  What a place, what a place!  I just can't get over how exotic and flavorful everything is here so far!  A friend from out of town came in and first on our list was Bachi Burger!  Like the last time, the place was pretty empty, not too busy, but the one thing my gf and I spotted was a new burger!*The Shogun Burger* (not on the website) $23Features the Wagyu beef, eel, poached pear, and foie gras! Packed with major flavor and super exquisite! I highly recommend getting a taste of this one.We also ordered the Crusty Crab and Kalbi Burger. Both which were tasty as well.  I loved the authentic crab on the Crusty Crab and the sauce on the Kalbi Burger.  We went with the eggnog creme brulee with gingerbread cookie.  There were comments of the rum flavor being strong, but I hardly tasted it.  The gingerbread man cookie was cool with powdered sugar on it and tasted perfect.  They also featured a treat all the way from Hawai'i called the Tako Toffee.  It's toffee with a thin layer chocolate and almonds.Another great experience at Bachi deserves another 5 star rating!
4	This was my second time eating at Bachi burger. We were seated right away and was served our drinks promptly. The food is just very good, I ordered the Kalbi Burger and my friend ordered the kiki burger with a fried egg added. There's something about the buns that make each and every bite so savory. We got the parm fries and the salt and pepper fries, both were very tasty. I finished my burger within minutes, and one of the owners came out to check on us to make sure everything was good. I like how they're open nice and late as well. Even picked up a few gingerbread man cookies on the way out the door as gifts.
1	Now i see why everytime i come theres new staff, should be a hint to management if u cant maintain staff, If your looking for a family place stay away from here!! I've been here numerous times and this restaurant is very small and you can hear everything that goes on in the kitchen, the language is horrible and the way someone back there talks to there employees is crazy, 'dumbass's, 'f-ing idiots' and slamming stuff around and other customers jump, its nuts in there! These guys need to get there crap together its such a shame cuz the food is ok
4	I finally made my triumphant return to Bachi Burger a few weeks ago onky a girls' escape-from-LA weekend. After this visit, my sister and I have tried almost all of the burgers and will need to move on to the crab, chicken, and fish burgers (and baos).During this visit we ordered the bahn mi burger and the kalbi burger, both of which were absolutely delicious and craftily done. The kalbi burger was topped with kimchee and tasted like a korean bbq meal in a bun. However, for me, the bahn mi burger really stole the show and may just be my favorite choice so far. Burgers are inherently greasy and meaty and, although this burger accomplishes that "essence," it also managed to be really light and clean on the palate and brought through all of the herbal and fresh flavors of a traditional bahn mi sandwich. Seriously, the bahn mi is bomb-ass. The wait was about the same as the last time, but the timing was much better, with everything coming out at about the same time as opposed to the fries coming out first with the burgers following some time after. The service was great as it was the first time- the staff is very attentive and you can really tell they take pride in the menu. The only sadface from this visit is that I was really intent on trying the homemade poptart only to find that it wasn't on the menu anymore. Maybe next time! *fingers crossed*
4	I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed. I had the Kalbi burger which is prepared medium and was a good choice.  The parmesan fries were very good.  I would recommend the karage chicken as an appetizer, which is something I cannot find in most restaurants and the dipping sauce for the chicken is excellent.  As for the service, I thought it was good.  I have read some reviews where service was a concern.  This was not the case on my visit.  It was a very good dining experience.
4	4 items on the menu tried:- Kiki's Burger: cooked to order (I had well done), 2 kinds of mushrooms, a nice variety of veggies to top it off besides the usual lettuce, the bacon onion marmalade is probably the best part because who doesn't love bacon.- Truffle Parmesean Fries: absolutely delicious although I wished they had placed more truffle on it and a tad more parmesean.- Sweet Potato Fries: Crunchy, with a subtle dipping sauce  I'm not a huge fan of sweet potatoe fries, but worth trying.- Green Milk Tea w/ Boba: Meh, I've had better at an actual tea house.Service was great, got checked on a few times and no pressure on leaving. Will definitely come back and try that $23 burger &&maybe their sliders &&desserts &&...
3	First of all, it's behind Subway....we had a little difficulty finding it and circled the parking lot before finding it.Service:  Slow like many reviews said, however, we weren't upset at all.  I didn't read the reviews before going here because I was thinking with 200 reviews & 4 stars and all our friends recommending it, it's worth a try.  So I didn't know about the slow service.  I just commented during dinner how we had finished all our appetizers and our burgers have yet to arrive.  The reason why I think none of us were upset was because the staff did seem very nice and were just new or something.  Oh and my boyfriend also commented that I should not have ordered my appetizers when the waiter came to ask for our drink orders because he seemed really flustered that I interrupted his order of doing things.  Also the appetizers came out way before the water did, which I thought was strange.Food:Sweet potato fries were really good.  I loved the yuzu citrus aioli that came with it.Truffle parmesean fries was pretty good too.  It came with a sun dried tomato aioli, which I thought wasn't as good as the sweet potato one.  I think it really depends on personal taste, because half of us liked the sweet potato one more and the other half the truffle one more.Garlic, ginger, and chili edamame was really good.  I love the flavor and it's so much better than plain salted edamame that I am used to at Japanese restuarants.Oxtail chili cheese fries was ok.  I wasn't a big fan of it.  I think I would have preferred beef over oxtail.  I really couldn't tell the difference except for the occasional fattier pieces of meat.  I also would rather it came in a smaller portion because it was a meal in itself.As for the burgers, we got Kiki's burger, Banh-mi burger, and 2 BBQ Angus burgers with some add-ons.  No one in my party enjoyed their burgers that much.  I was ok with mine, but it wasn't that good.  I think the main problem (completely our fault) is that we didn't realized it was BBQ, meaning sweet BBQ sauce.  No one like that the patties had a sweet taste and was competing with the other sauces.  My brother took probably 3 bites and bagged it home for his dog, saying that he would prefer In-N-Out...and all the other great burger places in Philly.  He thought that even though he ordered medium, it came out too dry for him.  His girlfriend had the Banh-mi, with the BBQ and curry aioli, I don't think she even touched the fish sauce.  She didn't finish her burger either.  My boyfriend thought his burger was ok but the bottom bun was soggy, probably because his egg was running down the side when it was delivered to the table.  My burger was ok too.  it didn't wow me though.  My boyfriend and I were the only ones who finished our burgers.Also their boba drinks are not made from fresh fruits.  I was hoping they were, but good thing I asked before I ordered one.  I did try the green milk tea boba and it was ok.I don't think I will come back here again.  If I do, it will only be to do take out for the sweet potato fries and edamame.
4	Though the food is slow to come out of the kitchen, it is definitely worth the wait.Started with the fried chicken appetizer. Bite sized dark meat marinated in ginger and soy and then deep fried.i had the Kiki burger which was cooked perfectly and the combo of the onion marmalade, gruyere cheese and bacon were wonderful. The garlic aioli is to die for. My wife had the blue green burger protein style (no bun) which though pricey was grass fed beef. She really liked it!!! We also shared salt and pepper fries but to me they were pedestrian at best.don't look at the menus on the whiteboards as they don't change it frequently and they didn't have most of the items that were listed. Stick to the menus the servers bring you.with an Asian Flair, this makes for a different burger place. Definitely worth going back too.
5	What can I say...I absolutely love this place.  I have been here so many times and have eaten thru the menu probably.  The kalbi burger is by far my fave...the kimchi and spicy mayo...yummy.  I also love the $3 pickles as a starter...and they have boba.  Awesome!  I probably go to this place because although some of the servers this is their first job and need a little coaching they are supernice and its open til 2:00 am most days so another plus on my list.  We live in Las Vegas, the 24 hour place, but too many place close way to early and if you go to eat around 9:00..whoa bad attitude people.  This place is nice too, cause you don't have to trek thru a mob of smokers and bright little machines to get there.  Told you I love this place. :)  My only wish is that they mix up the menu a little more with more specials to suit the season and local ingredients.
4	Went for Lunch today, Sun, @ 1:30pm. Place was about 1/2 full and there were 3 wait staff working. This is the 2nd time I am here. The first time, I had the Ronin burger. OK, but a bit over the top for me with a bunch of stuff on it. In my past review, I gave it a 3 star. Today, I am going simple. BBQ Bachi Burger, medium, sweet potato fries, and chicken kara-age.Like the last time, despite the fact that there were 3 wait staff, the service was somewhat slower than at many other restaurants. 3 times, I had to flag the wait staff down to ask for things. -1 star for slow service.The Chicken Kara-age came first, average portion for $6. The visual was not what I expected, the kara-age very dark in color and not the golden brown I'm used to seeing, so immediately, I was a bit skeptical. However, it turned out to be pretty good. The color is dark because they seem to marinade the chicken some type of Teriyaki type sauce which is giving it not only the dark color, but a sweet, salty taste as you bite in. It comes with some sort of chili mayo dip which has some kick to it. Not Bad.The sweet potato fries and the burger came together. The swee potato fries is one of the best I have had so far. Very tasty. It is sprinkled with what they say is a Kaffir Lime Hawaiian Salt (OK, I never would have known if it was not on the menu) and ground peppers. The sweetness of the potato, the salt, and the pepper gives a nice balance of taste. The yuzu citrus aioli gives you an option of adding a bit of citrus taste to the combo.The BBQ Bachi burger was awesome. Done perfectly to medium, with tons of juices flowing. The slight sweetness of the bun goes well with the BBQ burger. By the way BBQ is not the tangy type of BBQ sauce, but rather more the soy type like a Teriyaki BBQ. I prefer this burger over the Ronin that they have.4 stars this time around for what I had. I wish they would improve on their service.
1	Came here at the rec of my baby bro. Walked in and there was a sign for "Please wait to be seated". So we waited....and waited...and waited...It wasn't busy and there were several avail tables.After about 20 mins, we were finally seated. Annoyed and hungry, we had already reviewed the menu and knew what we wanted to order.-Sapporo ($5)-Short Rib Steamed Bun ($13.50): OK, but a bit of the dry side. -Kikis Burger ($8.50): I had this protein style, which was perfect. The mushrooms added great flavor to the patty.-Banh Mi Burger ($8.50): It was good! Although I liked the Kiki burger better. -Truffle Parm Fries ($4): Not bad, although I would prefer it without the brown sauce they smothered the fries with. Total was about $43.We didn't get our beer, so had to ask for beers and waters (and subsequent refills). I noticed that other tables-who were seated after us-began getting their orders before ours and I had to ask the status of our order. The server was apologetic, and relayed that they didn't expect the place to get busy since they just recently opened for business. I found this bothersome and disappointing. Perhaps they need a better strategy to improve their business operations ???After an hour and a half at a burger joint, I was over it. Sorry, but we didn't leave a tip. I didn't feel it was deserved with the wait time experienced, total duration in the restaurant and not be adequately serviced. The one star given is for the appreciation of the Asian inspired burgers and other offerings and creations. This place has potential and it looks as though it will have a strong following given prior reviews. Perhaps, it was an "off" night; however, there could still be awesome customer service but they failed to deliver even that.
5	New twist on the classic burger, skeptical at first but I fell in love. Ronin Burger is great so are the Oxtail fries (I think that's what they are called). Try it out. You'll love it.
5	The burgers are amazing. The Kiki burger is the best burger I've had.... Things i dont like: The food takes a while to come out, the service isn't up to par, and the menu could use more options.(salads,apps, etc.) It would be nice if the restaurant had had a sit down bar area and a different feel in general. But I will continue to come back for Kiki burgers and truffle Parmesan fries!
4	Bachi Burger is a great place for hamburgers. The flavors are tasty and distinctive.The term gourmet hamburger is often over-used. I think anyone who aspires to make something better than a Big Mac will call it a gourmet burger. But the term really applies at Bachi Burger. It's first-rate ingredients prepared with great care, most with an Asian influence.I got the pickle plate appetizer, the mushroom cheeseburger, the salt-and-pepper fries and a soda they make in-house with cherry and some sort of Japanese fruit.As soon as the pickle plate comes you know the owner is a friend of foodies. There's little bites of six separate things, all quite interesting. My two favorites were the daikon radish and the garlic.The pepper in the salt-and0pepper fries are jalapenos. They're not too spicy. When the fries arrived they reminded me of a pepper-infused crab dish at Yummy Yummy in San Francisco. Interesting smells. And they tasted great. I got the pineapple ketchup o go with the fries but it didn't do much for me. The garlic aoili sauce was pretty good.The burger was great. The black angus beef was first rate and perfectly seasoned and cooked. I loved all the different mushrooms they put on the burger. The gruyere cheese was tasty. And the bun was good, too.Maybe the only disappointment was the soda. I was hoping for something with some zingy acidity to match the rich foods, but it was a little flat. I wished I had tried a lime soda instead.Bachi Burger is quite distinctive and certainly worth the trip south of The Strip., It's about 1.6 miles east of Interstate 15 at the Blue Diamond Road exit.
4	YUMMY! After stalking Bachi Burger on Yelp for a few months we finally decide to head down and check this place out.....but it was closed!! :( SUPER SAD FACE! But not to be derailed by their holiday closing we returned the very next day 37 seconds before they opened. Yeah, cause thats how Tanya S rolls!When you first enter you notice how clean everything looks. Nice tables, lighting ext. The ambiance was on! We were immediately greeted by the hostess who took excellent care of us as well.We started of first with the pecking duck buns (~$12 for 3) and they were SO good. The pecking duck was toped with a slice of boiled egg and some greens.....it also came with a dipping sauce that was so tasty.Next we had to share the Truffle and Parmesan fries (~$4). These were AWESOME! The tamatoey dipping sauce was perfect and the overall taste just won me over.I had the Ronin Burger (~$9) and it was amazing! It was a teriyaki based burger with fried egg on it, Asian slaw, and caramalized onions. Every now and then I would take a bite and get a little too much ginger for my taste but the burger was amazing! The meat was cooked medium and the bun was so good.We had planned to try desert but by this time we were stuffed! So on the menu next time we venture to BB: Ox Tail Soup and the mini doughnuts. If I wasn't already taken I would marry Bachi Burger....just saying
4	I've been here a few times, and have never left disappointed! The food is of a great quality, and is flavorful, to boot. They're open late (often until 2 a.m.) and they're pretty consistent in the number of patrons inside (usually 70-80% full). The staff is friendly, and willing to answer questions. Burgers are also offered protein-style for those who don't want--or cannot--eat so much bread.Their Truffle Parmesan fries are AMAZING, and a real deal at $4. (You can definitely share them among 2 people, but I'd get more orders for a larger group).  The sausage appetizer is tasty, as well; but it's only really for one person.The only qualm I have about this place is their speed of service; it usually takes about 20-25 minutes to receive your food, so don't arrive starving. That having been said, this remains one of my favorite late-night restaurants in the valley!
3	I was excited to try this place because I've heard so much about this place.  I decided to try it out this week when I didn't feel like cooking.  We ordered the truffle parmesan fries, and the waitress suggested that we have it come out before our fries because our food would take about 20 minutes.  That was a great suggestion because it passed the time and didn't feel like a long wait.  I really like the fries and really want to try the sweet potato fries next time.  I ordered the peking style duck buns and was a little disappointed because there was no crispy skin--which is the most important part of peking duck.  Also, the duck was really chewy because it had tendon or some kind of connective tissue, which I've never encountered with real peking duck.  However, the buns were really tasty, spongy, and fresh.  Next time I visit, I'll probably stick to one of their burgers.
4	I've been here many times, mostly after work so around 1am. I always have a good experience.My first visit was marked with the Ronin burger with a fried egg. I'm a sucker for eggs and it was delicious. The truffle parmesan fries are great but the garlic truffle edamame is the best appetizer. All the burgers are solid and creative. But I regularly get the pork belly steamed buns or the duck steamed buns with fresh shrimp chips along with at least two glasses of the Apple Yuzu soda, that stuff is addicting!I've also tried the oxtail chili cheese fries. Sounds good on paper but the ratio of soggy chili fries to normal fries was out of proportion. Too much chili and not enough oxtail. You wanna get a soggy fry, normal fry, chili, cheese and a piece of oxtail in every bite and that just wasnt possible. Desserts are forgettable, which is fine cuz I go there for the food. Wednesdays are industry nights for locals, I think this is a recent thing so take advantage while you can.
4	Onolicious! Worth driving out to and waiting for!!  Love the concept, too! The freshness and made-to-order dishes were definitely noticeable!  Woke up my palate!
4	I love it here.  It's one of my favorite burger places, especially good because of the asian inspiration they inject into each of the burgers.  The food, mixed with the atmosphere and friendly wait staff make it a good experience.  My favorite thing to get here is the Kiki's burger.  Absolutely delicious.  I love everything about this burger.  The meat is always juicy, it has onions (good!), bacon (better!), cheese (best!), and this aioli dressing that is fantastic.  About once a month, I get a sudden craving for this burger and have to go back.The kalbi burger is also something that should be probably be noted.  It's not just a burger with some kimchee on it or something.  The meat has so much flavor infused into it.  Very good, thumbs up.I love the buns they put the burger on as well.  Its those buns that you can find in china town that's super soft and kind of sweet?  Even my cousin who said he despises those buns said it was good.I always get the truffle parm fries.  In my opinion, its best NOT to share these.  Get your own!  =)At about 8 bucks a burger and 4 bucks for the fries, its reasonably priced and well worth it.  I'll be back next month when my Kiki's burger craving comes back.
5	We are now bonafide Bachi burger addicts.  Me and hubby both live the Kiki and parmesan fries.  These burgers are huge, and I get full half way through the burger.  But it is soooo good, I eat it 'til it's gone.  It is pricey, but hey, it's gourmet style.  You want cheapy asian infused burger, go join them teeny boppers at the fuku truck and wait forever!  Lol jk.
5	Believe the hype - Bachi Burger is really good! Not only are the burgers really good, but the toppings and flavors are all really interesting and exotic. They have standard cheeseburgers as well, for those who don't want to branch out, but for anyone interested, they have burgers with all kinds of different Asian toppings (slaw, kimchee chi, different cheeses and bacons, lots of mushrooms, sauces, etc). Even for specialty burgers, the price is pretty good, unless you get up into the really fancy stuff (wagyu, crab, foie gras, etc). My husband and I went and got one 'normal' specialty burger (I can't remember the name - Ronin maybe? It's the first one on the menu) and one of the more extreme (blue & green or something like that), an order of truffle fries, and one beer. Both burgers were REALLY GOOD, but I preferred the Ronin. The bacon on the other one was just a little too overpowering for me. Truffle fries were excellent as well. The whole thing cost $40 with tip and we had plenty of leftovers (not that you could save them long - the burgers are so loaded with sauces & wet toppings that they're soggy in an hour). There was a decent-sized crowd in there on a Friday night, service was very prompt and friendly, and I love that it's near my neighborhood. MOST IMPORTANTLY - Bachi Burger is unlike anything else in the area! I love a great, new, unique, independent restaurant that's NOT on the strip! Really, the review is only 4.5 stars because of one thing - the decor/ambiance inside the restaurant. It's kinda bland and the lights seem to be too bright, but because of everything else, I'm rounding up to 5. I wish Bachi Burger all the success in the world so they can become longtime residents in the area and maybe inspire some other unique independent places!
2	The fact that bachi is so highly reviewed is proof that off-strip Vegas is starving for anything quasi-hip or boutiquish.  In most food scenes, bachi would be out of business inside of 8 months.  They cannot grasp the idea of consistent food prep or service. Been to bachi 3 times and each trip left me irked that I paid the bill.  They've never gotten an order right. Also, slowest delivery of my food I've encountered in town (on or off strip).These reviews here say less about the quality of bachi and more about the power of quasi-cool to convince people that something is better than it is.  To be sure, the owners, cooks and server's friend know how to use social media and Internet marketing to promote and polish this turd. Go anywhere else on your list and you'll be happier.
5	This joint puts a twist on your regular burger! They're open late. The service is good. Most of all, the price is right! My favorite is the banh mi burger. I've already recommended this place to a couple of friends and they loved it.
2	Well, I'm a vegetarian and they took the "That's Cheesy" item off the menu, so now I can't join my friends when they dine here. This place can get a little busy causing long wait times and horrible service. Once it took my party of 8 almost an hour to get our meals! They didn't even offer to bring us our fries first! At least we got apologies? Whatever. Apologies do not mean anything to a big hungry group of people. 2 Stars for the Truffle Parmesan Fries and Apple Lychee Soda.
5	Bachi Burger is a hipster's burger joint. Great asian fusion burgers grilled to perfection. The dining area is actually a gallery of Japanese photography. I tried the Kiki Burger which was great since I'm a fan of burgers with mushrooms. The Garlic Chili Aioli that came with it was really tasty. I also tried the Crusty Crab Cake sandwich which was delicious. The crab cake was nice and thick and probably too much for the bread to hold. They really don't skimp on the amount of crab here. I also liked that they put avocado to pair with the crab cake. They also add mango and tangerine jam for a sweet contrast.The sweet potatoe fries here are outstanding. Each one is crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside.I'll need to stop by everytime I'm in Vegas.
5	Found Bachi Burger through yelp, and nowhere near disappointed! This place has probably the most deliciously tasting burgers rivaling InNout. I was suprised when I saw the menu, asian-influenced burgers, who woulda thought?? I had the Ronin Burger, and it was nothin short of miraculous. This place deserves to replace every MCdonalds location and take over the world. Highly recommend to any burger or food lover.
5	Pretty Sure, if this place was on the Strip, people would be talking about it nationally.  It's pretty freaking amazing.  It's a small little place, but everything I've ever had here is good.  My favorite sandwich is the lonely bird, which is a mix of chicken and turkey, but they also have edamame seasoned with garlic and truffle oil.  Literally, everything I have had here,  AMAZING.  it's also open until two, so I can get something on the way home from work.
4	Heard nothing but good things about this place so i had to check it out. Bachi Burger is like an asian influenced build your own burger place. Had the Just Fries, Garlic Salt & Pepper fries, Truffle Parmessan fries, Sweet Potato fries and Kurobuta and Arabiki Sausages. And yes, i did have help eating all of this. Ordered the Kiki's Burger which included asst. asian mushrooms, bacon, gruyere cheese, sweet onion marmalade and a garlic chili aioli sauce. Good stuff!! You must visit this place if you're a burger fan!!
2	This was my first visit at Bachi Burger and it left a bad taste in my mouth. The food was great but the service killed it for me.I called and put my order in for pick up at 11am and told the girl that took the order that I would be there at 12:45 to pick it up, giving them plenty of time to plan for my arrival. I showed up promptly at 12:45 only to be told that my order was never put in. I waited 15 minutes for them to make my food before trying to grab one of the waitresses for a status on where the heck my order was. When I was finally able to get the attention of one, she checked and still not order put in. I could see that many of the people at tables were very upset with the service as well because it was a packed house and there were only 2 girls waiting tables.When I finally got my food it was 1:20 and by then I was so upset that I didn't even want to eat anymore.I ordered the "Banh-Mi" Burger and it was cooked to perfection which I think is the only thing that saved this place for me.I have to say that I might go back because the flavors are great but I will only do so if I have a few hours to kill.
5	Best burgers in Vegas hands down!
4	In Las Vegas from Feb 3 to Feb 6, 2011.  Via yelp reviews, I wanted to give Bachi a try and I am glad I did, and actually ate at Bachie twice during my Vegas getaway.  Arrived las vegas on Thursday Feb 3, grabbed a rental car and first stop was Bachi as it is somewhat near the rental car facility.  Ordered the Banh Mi burger, salt n pepper fries and ice tea.  Burger 9/10 - nicely compose burger, great flavor!  Salt n pepper fries, 9/10 spot on, perfect, blends nice with the burger.  Ice Tea - The barley tea is usually good, had a least 3 glasses, a heavy ice tea with full flavor ~ I only drink ice tea (no coffee or soda) so this really hit the spot 10/10.  Service - helpful and attentive.  Total price $17 plus tip.  So good I went back on Saturday Feb 5 - wife and I ordered the steam short ribs - three tasty, tasty "asian sliders" as the waitress called them - 10/10.  Sampled both the sweet potato and Truffle Parmesan Fries ~ Sweet potato ok 7/10, T Parmesan 8/10 too much truffle drowns out the rest of the flavors.  (Hey how about a fries sampler - great margins in fries) Shared a Ronin Burger, nice flavor, great presentation, 6.5/10, but undercooked for my liking ~ consulted with waitress, she explained that medium is the way their are cooked, hmm, hmm ~ a medium cooked burger has quite a degree of variance, from a sliver of pink to gushy pink as this was.... Bachi, I would recommend noting on your menu that the burgers are cooked "medium" and describe it as such and empower/train your staff to recognize and solve customer problems.  Saturday 2/3, the staff was ill equipped and had problems meeting the needs of a 3/4 full restaurant.  While we ate, it took Bachi over 15 mins to seat four parties (one group actually left) with many tables empty - gotta work that bug out cause I want you guys around the next time I am in Las Vegas.  I dropped off a menu a the hotel concierge (joe/doug at the mandarin oriental) and told them this is a great place.  Summary: Superior Food (noting the burger cooking issue), Service - needs improvement!  The food is too good to compromise with spotty sub par service.
1	First and last time going there. The food wasn't anything special, prices were alittle expensive for a burger joint. I mean I don't mind paying for a good burger but it wasn't good. I ordered the bachi pickles, they were okay but very little and the just fries. The just fries was good and plenty but they gave only a tiny bit of ketchup and when requesting more it cost .50 for more ketchup. The burger came about 15 minutes after we finish the fries. They were very big but didn't taste that great. I don't recomend going there. I must say I did love the decor though, very trendy, wish I could say that about the food and service.
4	The short version: spectacular food, reasonable prices, average (at best) service that just isn't the fault of the servers. The managers and/or owners are waaaaaaaaay understaffing their floor at peak times and it hurts the experience, which would be perfect if not for the service issues.We started with the pickled vegetables -- revelation. A nice mix of Japanese veggies that calmed the appetite but didn't fill us up. I've had both the Ronin with beef and with the chicken patty (for reduced guilt.) I loved it with both, awesome flavor combo. The fries are special. Truffle parmesan is spectacular, sweet potato not far behind.Beware the hard sell on the drink menu, both alcoholic and non. Looks like that's where they make up for the reasonable prices on the food menu. If you want a drink, there's a great selection of sodas, beers, wines, etc., but it'll run up your bill in a hurry.Servers are friendly and helpful, but just stressed out by being stretched too thin. There were two for the entire floor at dinner a few weeks ago and they were running for their lives. For the sake of the experience, please staff up, Bachi!
3	Asian-ized burgers - cool concept, pretty good execution.  Thick, juicy burger patties glazed in some kind of terriyaki or soy sauce.I preferred the Kiki burger (lots of mushrooms) over the Ronin (didn't like the pickled ginger).The parmesan truffle shoestring fries were thin and crispy - not bad, but couldn't really taste any truffle.Overall, not a bad value and it makes a good stopping point before checking into your hotel.
4	Wow, where can you go for a burger with a pork, shrimp, and sirloin patty, wild mushrooms, and parmesean truffle fries?  Only in vegas, and only here!I was surprised to find such innovative and gourmet cuisine in such a humble place, its a real hidden gem!  In fact, before I love Burgers opened, it was my favorite burger place in town, bar none.
4	After going months and months of living vicariously through other yelpers reviews and flipping through countless food porn photos of this place I finally had to venture out of my northwestern corner and make the pilgrimage to Bachi Burger. Too say it was worth every penny spent and every mile driven would be an understatement. We started off the meal with the pork belly steamed buns. The order came with three steamed buns filled with pork belly topped with cilantro, scallions, radish, boiled egg, a Chinese black vinaigrette and hoisin sauce. These hogalicious porktastic belly fat filled concoctions will wreck your life.  Pork fat is God and Bachi Burger clearly understands this concept.Then came the burgers.  We ordered both the Bahn Mi Burger and the Ronin Burger.  We were both huge fans of the Bahn Mi Burger, however we could have done with out the Ronin.  I give them an A + for effort and creativity however the flavor combinations weren't necessarily working for me. Add a side of truffle parm french fries and choose one of the top notch stone or rouge brews they carry and get ready to start loven life.  I will definitely be paying another visit to Bachi Burger in the near future and suggest you do the same.  You'll easily spend $40 - $50 on a meal for two, however this is definitely one of those cases where you get what you pay for.
5	Stopped in randomly tonight with a couple of friends... always drive by and noticed how good it smelled but tonight was the first time I dined in... my only regret - not coming here sooner!  I had the "Ronin Burger" and was blown away. We ordered garlic salt and pepper fries, sweet potato fries, shrimp chips and pickled vegetables for the table - all of which were incredible. The fries were complimented by some tasty dipping sauces and when it was all said and done I was completely satisfied and out the door for about 20 bucks (including a beer to wash it down). Great food and affordably priced... bachi burger is on my list to return in the very near future!
4	Went with two other friends tonight, everything we got was absolutely spot on.  The fries were fresh and crisp and well seasoned, the burgers were delicious, and we tried the homemade pickle appetizer, which was very good for the most part.  Prices were fair, service was prompt, and knowledgeable, and they had an interesting selection of beers as well.  I will be driving the 20 minutes to get a burger there sometime soon I get the feeling.
3	The Las Vegas WEEKLY Magazine had an article on Burgers.. This place showed up, more specifically their "Kalbi Burger". So, I got another mission.. A burger mission!Came here on a week night, place had a bull pen open layout and only a had a few vacant tables in a pretty decent sized space. Server was Kind and told us that everything they offered had asian inspired/influenced.To Start:Truffle Parmesan Fries: This was Shockingly much better than I would of ever expected. Not much going on but it was cooked just right, seasoned with the right amount of everything and the creamy/slightly tangy dip was Great!!Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries: Shreds of oxtail, fries, chili, cheese, garnished with slices of jalapeno with a fried egg right on top!! Too good to be true! Geez, now this is one of those "get down and sloppy" type of dishes!! Unfortunately, I did not like the flavor of the oxtail, nor the chli.. The fries and the Egg were Nice but, everything else was a disappointment!I was so exctied I didn't order the magazine featured burger but  went with the first "Specialty Burger" on the list:Ronin Burger: caramalized onions, japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu bbq, sweet bread bun, yuzu citrus aioli on the side for dipping (taste like horseradish blue cheese). I subsituted the regular Angus with their "Snake River Farms" American Wagyu Patty. Overall, I did not like the many different flavors put in this burger, especially the bitterness of the red cabbage.. I think there was way too many things going on at the same time. I did love the richness of the patty and the buns were shiny, soft and super scrumptious!!I will give this place another try. Next time, I will try the critically acclaimed burger. Plus I will try a plain custom burger just with the patty, lettuce, tomato and amercian cheese (no distractions from other supporting additions).  Service was really good, Pricing was ok I really enjoyed their Very Innovative Menu.
4	I tried it for the first time last week and the SPECIALTY BURGERS were great! I tried the KIKI BURGER and it had sauteed shitake, enoki and eryngi mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese and topped off with garlic chili aioli! The burger was fabulous! And as I looked around at my friends, they had the same "mmmmm" feeling.  Funny enough -- of the six people there, 4 had the KIKI burger, 1 had the Kalbi Burger (w/ Kim Chee), and another was adventurous and made her own burger with Wagyu Beef, fried egg and bacon!  Unless I am mistaken, most burgers are made with Angus beef or  Wagyu ... and there is a bit of sweet flavor to it! Watch out Carl's Jr because if this is in your town, I will definitely pay up for Bachi's Specialty burgers at $8.50  than your Angus burger at $6!If you're going to have a burger, you have to order fries with that, right? Right! So, add the sweet potato and/or truffle parmesean fries to your order!So if you can find your way here, definitely go - hope you enjoy your meal as much as I did!
5	I have been to bachi burger many many times, and I have never been disappointed.  For all of you complainers about the wait, the food is worth it.  I will admit, sometimes the wait can be a bit long, but I have never had a bad experience food wise at bachi,I have had the ronin burger, the kiki burger, the kalbi burger, the duck steamed buns, and the oooohhhhh sooooo goooooooooood ox tail soup (special biatch!), and all have been sublime.  On top of that, the fries (sweet potato or Parmesan or sea salt & garlic) are amazing.Bachi is one of those places where you NEED to take a cab off of the strip and enjoy the food.  Better yet, rent a car and explore the amazing offerings off of the strip, which would include bachi burger and nielsens!
4	This is the best burger place ever!! The fish burger was great and the soft buns are Awesome!!! Love the truffle flavored fries. The staff was very nice and accommodating. You guys rock, I told my friends to try Bachi Burgers. Because of this positive experience, I will be back.
5	My friend took a bunch of us to Bachi Burger on a weekend afternoon. Even though there were over 10 of us, we were all seated quickly. I quickly glanced through the menu and while everything sounded good, the special on the chalk board that I saw walking in kept calling to me. After weighing out my options between their $9 burgers on the main menu and the $23 special on the board, I went ahead and ordered the special, "The Shogun Burger." Yeah I know what you're thinking, pretty expensive for a burger right? I decided to order it because it's not like its something I would be eating everyday. The burger itself contained wagyu beef, miso butter, poached Asian pear, unagi, and foie gras! Doesn't it all just sound so good? I have never had foie gras before, so that's another reason I choose to try it. I always hear about it when I watch The Food Network  (which is a lot) so I knew this was my chance. My first bite into the burger was FANTASTIC. The burger was juicy, the foie gras melted in my mouth, and the unagi flavor got better with each bite.I'm usually a fast eater, but I was trying to savor a $23 burger but I just could not help myself. Let's just say I was the last one to receive their order but I was the first to finish. If you're looking to splurge a little bit on a burger, I would definitely recommend trying the Shogun Burger. Make sure to get a side of fries with it too. I tried every type of fry they offer and it's pretty much a win-win situation no matter what you choose.I will definitely be coming back here next time I'm in town.
4	Great place to sit down and eat. They have unique innovative burgers. If you are looking for your boring basic cheeseburger and fries you've come to the wrong place. During my first visit, I ordered the Shogun burger and it was the best 20 bucks I ever spent on a burger (yes 20 bucks). The beef was so tender that it just melts in your mouth!! If you're the type that likes try something different this is the place to be. If you don't you can always go to In and Out.LOL
4	i don't even know where to begin. 3 hours later i am still, happily, in a food coma. a turkey burger hangover.After Jesse B.'s review with the awesome sweet potato fries, bachi burger has been on Dan T.'s and my list to eat. We lucked out and even convinced his parents to venture out and try this place with us. Melissa was our server tonight. She was very nice and helpful. went over everything with us and even told us a little background on bachi burger. We started with some chicken karaage, oxtail chili cheese fries (complete with a fried egg on top,) and edamame. out of all three i highly recommend the chicken karaage. so crispy and tasteful. and that sauce. i don't even know what it was but i was loving it. the oxtail chili cheese fries had jalapenos all over them, but they were not spicy whatsoever. more sweet actually. they were still good and i enjoyed them.moving onto our actual meals i ordered the lonely bird burger protein style. a chicken and turkey patty combined? I'll take it! the pesto sauce on it was quite lovely and i won't deny that i wiped that little saucer clean of it. i tried a bite of Dan's cheeseburger with bacon and was quite pleased but i will stick with my lonely bird personally. we all shared sweet potato fries and truffle parmesan fries. my choice was to order the truffle parmesan and i wasn't TOO impressed with them for the mere fact that about only 6 or 7 fries actually had the truffle sauce on them. all the others were pretty basic but still good to dip in the sun dried tomato sauce. I'd go for the sweet potato fries over those. the sweet potato's were crispy and packed with sweet potato flavor. i didn't feel the need to dip those in any of the fancy sauces.needless to say, after all that yummy food we were all too stuffed to order dessert. I will be back though to try some of those little donuts with some ice cream and maybe sneak in a coffee. I was pleased. thank you bachi burger for filling my little stomach and putting me in this food coma.
5	The shogun burger is freakin incredible!  Wagyu beef mixed with unagi then topped off with foie gras, marinated pears and spinach. Chili cheese fries with the egg are great too.  Food takes a little long to come out but worth the wait.  Good service.
4	Great fusion of flavors on the menu... Soo many burgers to choose from I must come back to try others.Oxtail fries is quite the diggin'Sweet potato fries to finish off the meal.Sauces: Pineapple ketchup  :: 2 thumbs up!
5	Awesome, service was great and the food was outstanding.  My friends and I shared appetizers, fries, burgers and steam bun sandwiches.   It was a great way to taste a little of everything we ordered.  Can't wait to go back again.
5	This place is awesome. Taste great!
2	only reason i give it 2 stars is cause the food is outstanding. the SERVICE on the other hand. almost intollerable. we sat down, took almost 10 mins for someone to come to table. then we order drinks, app , meal ect. app comes. ask waiter 3 times for our drinks, app is done. still no drink. we ask another waitress for our drinks, she rolls her eyes at us lol. i have never walked out of a place with out tipping. this was the first
5	Bachi BurgerFor those of you, who are Foodies like us, better get ready cuz' my Bruddha's restaurant concept has finally hit the planet. "Bachi Burger"! Come and experience the finer essences of gourmet fast food. A must try burger joint. The ketshup, sweet potatoes fries is a huge treat to enjoy. A must try Las Vegas not heavy on the stomach. Yum!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	LOVE this place. Have been here twice, first time got the Ronin burger..thats the one with the fried egg on top and wow, it was pretty bomb. I had never had a burger w/ fried egg and I'm glad Bachi Burger was the first place i tried it, because they didn't do me wrong. It was a bit messy but not where the patty is sliding out of the bun kinda messy, which I hate. Second time, got the Kabli burger (no bacon) and OMG..best burger ever! It was cooked perfectly, the bun was amazing, the cheese, everything was perfect. BOTH times have gotten the Parmesan truffle fries. Seriously people, do not pass these fries up. They are the best. I love that everything comes with a dipping sauce. I'm a huge fan of dipping!The wait staff is awesome and very informative..this place is definitely a hit, I hope it sticks around for a long time!
3	OK, if you want a new experience on the great hamburger, this is a very cool place to try for sure.  Gourmet burgers with an Asian Flair, great fries with a different twist.1.  Ambiance - Very nice in a small tucked away corner in a non discript dopey strip mall that really has nothing to offer other than this place.  Kind of out of the way actually.  Has a small feeling but nice and warm overall.2.  Service -  Had a young/ new server, but he seemed to know his stuff. Clearly the place is very proud of their vision and their offerings. I would be too.  However, they were closed on Valentines for reservations only dinners, which is ODD for a place that does NOT take reservations. Then, on Presidents day, they decided to open on the Monday, which is normally a closed day for them and then they closed on Tuesday. Twice I went there and they were closed. I consider this a bit arrogant, but they can be for sure!!!3.  Food - Wow, very tasty and the asian fusion is really cool and nice. Tastes are very good.You can even do without the bun and still the taste rocks.  Ronin Burger, Kiki Burger, Kalbi Burger,, all great. The non traditional ice teas are a bit "much" meaning, that they have a strong and odd taste compared to norm. Desserts are great and find out the specials of the day before you order your main dish, to resever whatever is the special.  Oh yeah, all the fries were great.  4.  Price -  For six of us with three desserts, the total came out to $120.00. I find that a bit steep for a gourmet burger and even though the kids enjoyed the taste, it was the most awesome thing for their palates.5.  Overall - this is an experience and you need to try this place for sure, however, it is not a place I am going to pop into all the time. Why?  A bit expensive, a bit pretentious, but still a quality establishment regardless!  I will go back, but after I save some money!
5	I ate at this restaurant during my latest stay in Vegas.  Originally, we had planned to eat at Miko's Izakaya, but it wasn't open for lunch.  Bachi Burger was in the same general area, so we ate there.  It offers a very nice change from your usual burgers.  We shared the Ronin Burger, "Ban Mi" Burger,  Short Rib Buns,  Garlic Salt & Pepper Fries, and Truffle Parmesan Fries, which was recommended by our waitress.  I can be rather picky and wasn't quite sure of an egg on the Ronin Burger. The food tasted great!  The buns on the burgers were excellent. The fries and sauce were wonderful!    Unfortunately, I forgot about the Portugese Donuts, so I'll have to try them during my next visit.  I definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	10.14.10This place is amazing!  If you can venture off the strip and try this place, please do so!Kiki's Burger:Two types of mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere, with garlic aioli on the side.  Um, are you hungry yet?
4	Just about perfect.  Nothing to improve on food quality.  The Kiki and Kalbi were delicious - my wife and I tasted each other's.  Asian fusion flavors sets these apart.  Great menu with lots of options - encourages return visits.  We're back again next week.
4	A great place for asian infusion!    Everything is DELISH!    The only downfall is service is a little slow and unorganized, so come with your patience and it will be well worth the wait!
4	So this place I went to after reading the amazing reviews on it. I've always been a huge fan of gourmet burger places so this I had to try!First of all, we were sat down by the server Anh, he was extremely helpful in not only deciding what to order, but made sure we were at a table where we could easily see the NCAA game playing. For an app we had the chili fried chicken which was spectacular. Way better than I expected. Also, I decided to try this strawberry lemonade they had. Honestly one of the best tasting drinks I've had anywhere. This is a MUST. As for my burger, I had the Ronin burger which has caramelized onions, cole slaw, and a fried egg on it. I have to say, it was a pretty damn amazing. Now mind you, as far as gourmet burger places, I'm from LA so I'm used to Umami and Stout (the Shu burger at Stout being the best burger known to man) but for an Asian Fusion style burger it was fantastic.The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is merely because I still consider Stout in Hollywood the best gourmet burger place around. But as far as Vegas is concerned, I've yet to see a place that beats it.
5	BEST BURGER JOINT IN TOWN HANDS DOWN!! Kalbi Burger with a egg on top and call it GAME OVER! Top it off with Salt N Pepper fries and wash it all down with a Mandarin Orange Tangerine Soda. HURRY UP and get some GREAT FOOD @ Bachi Burger before theres a  ZOMBIE outbreak and they come and eat it all!
5	If you're hungover this is the place for you!  Their burgers are great!
5	Best burgers in Las Vegas.
4	Well, finally after nearly a year or so the wife and I just had dinner at Bachi Burger. Very good overall and we'll be back for sure. I had the Kalbi Burger and wife had the Ronin (first one on the menu). When the burgers came we cut our burgers in half and tasted 1/2 of each. I took a bite of the Ronin and it was just great! I wil have it again. The Kalbi burger was good too, but the Kim Chee essense kind of threw the taste off a bit (and I am Korean too). The hamburger meat is a 10 on the quality scale, this ain't no $1 McDs burger, no no no. Their bun should be the standard for all hamburger buns, it is just a light carrier for the meat and doesn't overpower the other flavors, but not to say it is just a piece of bread either. The sweet potato fries were excellent and so was the regular fries, BUT once again I have a pet peave over those thin shoestring fries, I just never liked them. When I want a french fry, give me a huge steak frie, not those little shoelace fries. The dipping sauces were cute and tasty. Pineapple ketchup was ok, but not my favorite, the wasabi mayo tasting one for the sweet potato fries is much better. All in all a great place and very comfortable and casual. I did my homework and expected a long wait for my burger to come out, but it didn't take but 10 minutes or so. Service is decent and since they've been open a while they seem to have their act together. There are plenty of other selections to choose from and we'll be back to try them again!
5	i'm giving this place 5 stars despite our waiter being a rude jerk!  i had the ronin burger and it was amazing.  i'm not even joking.  i'm crossing my fingers in hopes of one opening in san diego.
5	Has to be one of the best burgers ever!
4	Great burgers and fries! Service is a little slow, but the food makes up for it.
5	No matter how much I pretend to not be a burger person, every time my friends want to go to one of these joints, I end up enjoying myself. There is always a stigma that burgers and fries are unhealthy. I won't try to refute it, but you can learn to overlook it for a great piece of Americana especially when you spice it up with an international twist. The interior of this place resembles that of an industrial art gallery. The mute walls are complimented with bright splashes of  Asian photography. The numerous lights above you do not flood the area with an obnoxious florescent feel, but emanates enough light to make it feel cozy. The earth tone place mates gives a warm contrast to the otherwise concrete room.Did you know that I was on a search for the perfect balls? Yes, they serve boba tea here and I am impressed. The tapioca were smaller than I am used to, but they have the right amount of chewiness, so they did not turn into spitballs. The taro milk tea was perfect; the richness of the taro, the creaminess of the milk, and the right amount of sweetness. My friend ordered the jasmine milk tea. I normally tend to avoid plain milk teas because the tea tend to go M.I.A. Not the case here. The jasmine is ever present and bold. Flowery and aromatic, I would order this again. If they had durian, I would be here more often. For $3.50, I can come here to get my boba fix and save the gas money. Who am I kidding? I would end up in Chinatown anyways.I walked in, expecting to get gouged, but found their prices reasonable. My dining partner and I split a Ronin burger and a Kiki burger. The meat used in these patties are moist and flavorful. The thick slabs of meat were definitely the star, but let the accoutrement boost it up. The Ronin burger is topped with an Asian slaw, fried egg, and pickled ginger. When I first bit into it, I was thrown off, and taken aback. The ginger can be off putting, but after the second bite it got better. By the time you had a few bites it is delicious. This burger is messy because the egg is over easy and the yolk will burst when you pick it up. The Kiki burger was perfection from the first taste. The mixed greens, bacon, and sauteed onions did not distract nor overpower the burger. The BBQ sauce did not mask any imperfections, but bound everything together. With an order of sweet potato fries this was a magnificent meal even for the "indifferent" burger consumer I pretend to be.
5	Like every other young person from Southern California, I frequent Las Vegas.  Sometimes I get tired of the buffets, expensive restaurants, or 24 hour diners you go to satisfy some drunk cravings. If you're willing to drive a little off the strip,  you gotta try this place out.  Everything is so good and everyone is so nice!We had:Truffle Parmesan FriesPeking Duck Steamed Buns (3 in an order)Kiki BurgerPortuguese donuts with Vietnamese cinnamon ice creamWe started with a few craft beers which were all really good. Fries were perfect. The duck buns tasted pretty authentic!  Kiki burger was amazing. The donuts were a perfect end. I always say I'm not a burger person but i LOVED everything here. I think Bachi Burger converted me.
5	Fantastic food ! Love the truffle fries and keli burger! Waiters seem stoned  lol
5	This place is so addictive!  I am constantly thinking about Bachi Burger and how I want more.  The sweet potato fries are delicious, the burgers are inventive (but not so much that they taste weird).  The service is friendly.  They are always happy to explain what a menu item is if you have questions!
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, all fresh, well cared for food. The Bon Mi burger was awesome, the bread oh so soft and fluffy. The caesar salad- believe it or not, was fantastic! The service is great! Really a star in the Restaurant off the strip scene of las vegas!
4	***Sucks that Bachi Burger is closed on Mondays- I am a witness to many cars driving up,reading the sign and then sadly driving away....***On a Sunday we were needing our Bachi Burger fix so we quickly fulfilled our needs....We were seated right away-it was busy but a table became free for us instantly just like it was written in the stars....I'll just talk about items I got that I didn't talk about in my last review :- Fried Chicken Appetizer- Yummy with good dipping sauce- all I needed was a scoop of rice and this could've been my meal.- Shrimp Chips - So good, salty-crispy yumminess...- Crusty Crab Burger- I wanted to try something different than my usual Ronin Burger so I chose this-it was good but a little too seafood tasting for me- -Kiki's Burger - The BF liked this one but had to ask for extra sauce-Calamansi/Lime Soda- To wash all this yummy food down we tried two of their house made mix soda's- this was tangy refreshing-Lychee/Apple Soda - This one was more on the sweeter side than the other drinks- It was OK but I prefer the Calamansi Drink instead...Yummy visit and will be back and Oh I have to mention that service has extremly improved and is quick....
4	Alright ok went back recently with a group of 10 on a action packed Friday night and I gotta upgrade their status.. I ordered the oxtail fries which were ok but the Miso burger, the pickle apps as well as service were on point. Its back on my Fuku-Slider-Burger rotation. Better yet its close to the house! Yesssss!
5	Forget everything you knew or thought you knew about the burger when you go to Bachi. These burgers are gourmet creations deserving of the high praise that has been bestowed upon this little restaurant since it opened. Maybe for those who like their burgers with the standard mayo and ketchup, Bachi burgers may be too intense, have too many exotic ingredients or may be on the pricey side. But for those who want to tickle their tastebuds with explosive flavors, Bachi is the place for you. Reading over the menu, a couple of the signature burgers called out to me, but in the end, I ordered the Bachi Fish- Furikake-sprinkled Marinated Seared Cod, Tartar Sauce, Lettuce, Onion, Tomato, Bubu Arare Rice Crackers in between a pillow-soft bun. The fish size was nice and meaty, and I loved the sweet soy-sauce marinade (a cross between Teriyaki/Kalbi) that gave the cod wonderful flavor. The tomato, onion and lettuce were fresh, and the mini rice cracker balls were fun to eat. Pretty to look at, but even better when eaten. I also enjoyed the Iced Barley Tea (unlimited refills). The waiter made frequent trips to make sure my glass was never empty. Speaking of the waiter, the service here was good. I have no complaints. I only have one question: When can I go again?
4	i'm not sure how well known Bachi Burger is to the locals, but being from out of town, i'd like to think this place as a hidden gem. i've been here twice and have yet to be dissappointed in the quality of food here. Burgers with a Asian twist in a pretty contemporary setting. i've had the Ronin, tried a bite of the Kiki, and the Kalbi. though, i only had a bite, i think the Kiki is amazing.... definitely wished i had order the whole burger. there orders do take a little while for them to make, as it's made to order. i look forward to the next time i go to vegas, so i can try a new burger from their interesting selection. Sunday lunch at Bachi is the perfect way to end a Vegas trip.
4	I always enjoy a good sandwich, so my wife and I checked this place out for dinner. We ordered the fish sandwich, crusty crab and sweet potato fries. The presentation of the food was great and everything tasted really good too. Their whole thing is to serve gourmet burgers and sandwiches with a Asian twist. All and all, it worth a visit.
4	I first went to Bachi Burger last summer. My story seems to match everyone else's - good food but slow service. Shortly after my review, I received a message from Ehren stating that they had made improvements. I'm happy to report that this is indeed the case. Granted, I don't know how much faster the food came out. For sure, it didn't take 40 minutes this time. We had a large group of Yelpers and many ordered appetizers that trickled out at various times. Also, time isn't so much an issue when you're enjoying the company of a big group. Still, I noticed little things that demonstrate their attention to detail and I could tell that they've put in the work to improve.So how was the food? The food quality at Bachi Burger has never been a concern. On this visit, I went with the Bachi Fish. I also went all out and added their Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries to my order. The Bachi Fish was out of this world. Easily one of the best fish sandwiches I've ever had, the cod was perfectly cooked and the flavors mingled together to create an enjoyable experience in each bite. As for the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, they were good. The thing is, they might as well have been regular Chili Cheese Fries. I could definitely see there was Oxtail in it. I just wish it was more prominent.The advantage of being in a big group is in the sampling of other people's dishes. Elnino ordered the Chili flavored Edamame and they were delicious. Someone else passed around a plate of Bachi Chili Fried Chicken. They were tender, flavorful, and came with a great dipping sauce. For me, the huge surprise was the Bachi Pickles platter that Nelson ordered. In particular, those cloves of garlic were insanely good. I'm definitely ordering that next time.Well done Bachi Burger. You've really changed my perception of your establishment. My only regret is that it took me so long to come back.
4	This place serves up the best burgers in Vegas! The buns are delightful.  The clever combinations are intriguing.  I'm a major fan of the bachi!I usually get the kiki's burger and the bao...but today me and my gal pal opted to share the spicy miso burger and the crusty crab.  They were both very good.  The spicy miso was an explosion of creative flavors!  The crusty crab was really good but difficult to eat.  The crab patty mushed out the sides when you took a bite.  It was topped with generous slices of avocado and a mango relish.  yum yum.  The fries are served in a large cone to share.  We got the sweet potato and the truffle fries.  I washed it all down with a housemade apple and lychee soda.  A magical fizzy nectar.  It is a bit pricey for burgers and fries but not overpriced for the culinary treats you'll get here!  We paid $20 each with tip.Bust out of your boring burger bubble and get yourself some asian inspired bachi!
4	Stopped in on 2011-04-20 for lunch after reading the reviews on Yelp.  Ordered the "Ronin" and the "Kiki" along with "Just Fries".  The burgers were very good - nicely cooked, soft brioche buns, good flavors.  The fries are average, but the pineapple ketchup picks it up.  Service is very good - but the place wasn't busy at the time.  Pricing is a little on the high side.  Overall, it felt like an upscale asian version of Red Robin burgers.  The combinations are intriguing... each element is strong on its own, but the combinations may not always work.  I gave it 4 stars because I was satisfied but not overwhelmed, and it was good.  It is a place that is worth visiting at least once for the experience if you're into trying out a new upscale burger.  Not sure I'd go out of my way to eat here again - I'd really have to be in the mood for this type of fare.
4	Finally went to try Bachi Burger after the Yelp Olympics event, as the restaurant was not far from ClubSport in Henderson.  And I am really glad that I went, because I didn't really feel like going to check them out after some not really great comments about their food from when they first opened.  But after my first bite into The Crusty Crab burger, I was hooked.  The burger was very flavorful and I thoroughly enjoyed it, although it was not enough to make me feel full and more mushy than crusty. And as far as a crab sandwich goes, it was one of the better ones that I have ever had.After that first visit with the Yelp crew, I went back to Bachi Burger for a late night dinner.  The place was relatively empty (weekday around 10pm) compared to a bustling Friday night, so I was seated quickly and was able to place my order shortly after I sat down.  This time I ordered the Bachi Fish, as that was the other recommendation from Nelson Q and other Yelpers, and the recommendation was spot on. I also ordered the Oxtail Chili Fries, which was decent but lacking in the oxtail department and at $10, not really worth the money.  I would rather spend that on another burger!  Service was pretty good on my first visit, when they were so busy that they were not able to seat us until enough patrons left for them to combine some tables to seat our large party.  But on my second visit, service started out good but kind of went down hill after that.  I didn't like how it took much longer than expected to get the food out (almost 20 minutes on a slow night), and after dropping off the check that I have requested my server basically ignored me.  I guess chatting with coworker and folding napkins or whatever he was doing at the side station, was more important than processing payment from the credit card I had intended to use or make change.  In the end I just paid cash and walked out the door, and of course that was when they had that startled look in their eyes, as if wondering if I am skipping town without settling my tab.  I am not sure if that is what people have complained about when they have less than positive comments about the service here. And I just don't understand why servers do what they need to do to provide good service, than can't finish strong and take/process the payment from the customer that are trying to pay. It is not like they work at a debt collection agency and have to cold call people on a list, and hating the negativity of their job that they procrastinate.Food: 4 starsService: 1 - 4 stars. Seems like it is better when you have a large group or when it is busy, but really sucks when they are slow or you ended up with a crappy waiter.Anyway, still giving Bachi Burger 4 stars for the food.  But if I go back alone, I rather just have it to go and not deal with this issue again and leaving tip when I really don't feel like leaving any. And I would not recommend The Oxtail Chili Fries, even though it is served with sunny side up egg on top (and I love that!), unless it costs less or there are more oxtail.
5	The most creative burgers with flavor to match! Asian-american fusion at its finest.
4	As the flavors of my Green and Blue burger flavors burst into my mouth I secretly thought this was most definitely the best burger I have eaten. But, I should clarify that this isn't the best burger-tasting burger. It's just an amazing cornucopia of flavors that all seem to come together as one to create a complete sense of food satisfaction.The Green and Black burger was made with grass fed beef and topped with bacon, blue cheese, mushrooms and spinach I believe. As I said before it was simply awesome. We also shared an order of Parmesan Truffle fries and the pickle appetizer. The pickle sample was really good - only one was hot and the pickled garlic was one of the most interesting on the plate.Besides food, Bachi Burger makes some really interesting drinks like the strawberry jasmine lemonade I had with my dinner. The atmosphere is quite simple, almost the opposite of the complexity of the burgers. And if I lived in the area I would definitely come back again and again to try everything from the "Banh-Mi" Burger to the Crusty Crab.
5	This place has the best burgers I have EVER had.  I've had good burgers but this places beats them all.  My favorite is the Kalbi burger.  It has a wonderful Korean flare to it.  And the service is astounding!  Average burger price is $8 even for the kids.  There are no kid menus but my 5 and 3 year old devour there bachi BBQ burger.
4	This place is basically an asian spin on burgers. The service and food is great, but the burgers take a LONG time to make. I recommend ordering the Ox Tail Chili Fries to start off and eat while you wait for your burger.Also a good snack are the sausages or the shrimp chips.As for the burger, we have tried them all. Our two favorites are the vietnamese Banh-Mi inspired one and the Ronin japanese inspired one. The rest are good, but these were the best (and that includes the foie gras burger).Solid place, great flavor, good prices.  Just be patient waiting for your delicious burger.
4	This was one of my favorite meals while I was in Vegas last week.  I cannot forget Bachi Burger.I usually eat Asian food 95% of the time.  Until I went out to Vegas.  Coming from San Diego, I'm used to eating some pretty darn good Asian food which I haven't been able to find around the Strip.  I was talking to my cousin and he suggested I tried Bachi Burger.  He said that they had some pretty good Asian inspired burgers.  Hmm.  Asian fusion burgers.  Sounded interesting enough for me to drive there from center strip area.Ok, now this place isn't close to the strip but its definitely worth it.  We came here on a week night at around 6pm.  I had the Ronin burger and my GF, the Kalbi burger.  I was impressed as soon as I saw my burger.  Wow, this thing was a mini-monster.  I loved my Ronin burger.  The Kalbi burger was pretty good too but the Ronin was definitely a winner.  Oh and the parmesan truffle fries... awesome!  I wish they came in a larger size.  4 bucks is a lot to spend on fries but the taste was bangin.I wish they opened a Bachi Burger here in San Diego.  I'd be a regular customer, no doubt.note.  Weekday late afternoon traffic on LV blvd past the airport is a ______ !!!
5	I'm not usually a burger girl, but this was the best burger I have had in forever.  If I had the chance I would be on the next plane to grab dinner tonight.  There were five of us for lunch and everything we tasted was delicious.  I had the Miso Burger and even almost three weeks later I still have dreams about it.  The Patty was cooked perfectly and the flavor combination was terrific.  I actually split this burger and the Ronin burger with someone else and was sorry I did.  Not that the Ronin was great, just the Miso was that much better. The table had 2 Ronin burger, a regular burger (my husband likes everything plain and simple), Peking Duck Steamed Buns, and a Kiki Burger(they brought this by mistake but the boys all shared it and they loved it.  We started with the Bachi Pickles, I liked them a lot no one else seemed to enjoy them as much.  The asian spin was a great twist.We also had the Garlic Salt & Pepper French Fries and the Truffle Parmesan Fries.  Although an afterthought in my review definitely not an afterthought here. They stand up very nicely on their own.  Particularly the truffle one, we were battling it out for the last bite.Service here was very attentive even if mistakes were made.  The staff was very friendly and quickly corrected any issues.
2	Meh.  Took forever for us to get our food.  Burger was too densely packed and the bun was stale.Lame-O.
5	great tender burgers that just melt in your mouth! different types of fries, & all good! my personal fave are the sweet potato fries.
1	25mins wasted waiting for a lunch served by waitress who mope around, possibly their sole purpose of avoiding taking your order (something to be commended in their performance appraisal if that's how bachi operates).i don't recall burgers ever taking so long to prep, off-strip or on & there are far busier places out there with lightning fast serviceholsteins anyone? yes?yes?yes!
4	This off-the strip burger joint is a hidden gem for those visiting Vegas.  I came here based on a few of my friends' recommendation and rave reviews of this place and I was not disappointed.We were seated within 5 minutes during lunchtime.  Our group of 5 we got:  Bachi Burger (wagyu), Kiki Burger, Duck Bao, Short Rib Bao, and the oxtail chili fries.I pretty much liked everything I ate.  The oxtail chili had lots of beans in it, which some of my friends didn't like as much, but I thought they were fine.I think the burgers are better than the bao's though, so stick to those.  The parmesean truffle fries are good, but not spectacular, I've had better truffle fries.The pricing is just right, everything is in the 7-12 dollars range or so, so pretty cheap for the delicious food.Highly recommended place to check out to or leaving vegas!
5	One of the great burgers of Las Vegas.  But I want to tell you guys something that I haven't heard anyone else mention.  Yes they're is a list of specialty burgers you can get, and obviously people love them.  (ie the Ronin, Kiki, Banh Mi, etc.)  but I seriously recommend you build your own burger.  I feel like a lot of the ingredients take away from the greatness of the beef in the burger.  Sometimes simpler is better, less is more.  Go with the Kobe, so good.  I'm thinking about it right now, want it so bad!
4	Stopped at Bachi Burger on my recent trip to Vegas. I first heard about Bachi Burger several months ago when one of my friends, who lives in Vegas, suggested we eat at Bachi. However, we were unable to go and for the last 4 months I have been anticipating my return to Vegas. Service:The Service at Bachi was very good. They waitress was very attentive. We were also promptly seated without reservations. We had a party of 5 and we were seated with 10 minutes.Food: The food was very good. We tried the following:Truffle Parmesan Fries-- The fries were good. The Parmesan flavor was pronounced, but the truffle flavor was a little lacking. I think I was expecting fries cooked in truffle oil. Instead a truffle sauce was drizzled on top. BBQ Bachi Burger with American Wagyu -- The Wagyu Burger was great. I loved the meat and the slight sweetness to the glaze on the burger. I also added some gruyere cheese. This is a great burger!Pecking Duck Steamed Buns and Short Rib Steam Buns -- The steam buns were good, but I think I'd stick with the burgers if I were to return to Bachi Burger. I come from the Alhambra/Monterey Park area of California, and there is a huge abundance of Asian Restaurants there. So it's difficult to beat the Pecking Duck Stem Buns found back at home.Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries with Fied Egg-- The Oxtail Chili Cheese fries were awesome. I love these. It's not goo for my diet but it is delicious. These were fries topped with meaty Oxtail Chili, fresh jalapenos, cilantro, cheese, and a fried egg. It was wonderful. The only thing I would change would be to have a bean less chili. I usually do not like beans in my chili, especially when served on top of fries.Bachi Burger is a great Burger joint in the Las Vegas Area. It is off the strip slightly South. If you are in the Vegas area I suggest you stop and try it. If you are coming from Los Angeles it easy to stop either on your way into Vegas or on the way home. Love it!
5	BEST BURGER EVER!!!I wish Bachi Burger was located in SoCal.... Sigh...I ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries with sun-dried tomato aioli and I almost inhaled those the minute I dipped that first fry into the aioli. Then came my Ronin burger and WOW. I want more! PLEASE COME TO SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA!!!!-RM
1	I will NEVER return to Bachi Burger ever again. And unfortunately, it's because of the service. I asked if the Banh Mi sandwich was a choice between beef, pork, shrimp and our server said yes. I said, I'll take the "shrimp banh mi burger" and then followed by "no pork pate on that". It arrived and it was ground meat and I thought, "okay that's weird. Is that ground shrimp?". I took a few bites and realized it tasted like a mixture that included pork. So I grabbed the server and asked her and she said that it was all mixed together. At the time I ordered my food, shouldn't she have corrected me when I asked for that "shrimp" banh mi sandwich? I tried to get something else but the server said, "well, we'll have to charge you for the new item". Excuse me? I grew up in the restaurant and hospitality industry and that is NEVER the answer. It wasn't the cost but the fact that she didn't seem to care. A few minutes later she came by and said, "oh, we are offering a complimentary dessert to moms for mother's day. Would you care for the dessert?". Um no, I would love some lunch before my dessert please. I am appalled that they allowed me to walk out their restaurant knowing that I was very unhappy and still hungry.  Really bad move on their part and perhaps a restaurant manager should have stepped in. They should have just eaten the cost of the new burger to make a customer happy. It would have resulted in repeat business that would have more than made up for that $8 burger.
4	First of all, the 4 stars are for food.  Service is one and half stars.  Very slow service, I think it was the waitress maybe forgetting to put in our order?  Several other tables that arrived after the two of us, got their burgers before we did.  Tried flagging the waitress down but she seemed to be avoiding eye contact.  Ronin burger was good, sauce was a bit sweet but creative combination.BF had the Black and green burger, he thought the blue cheese dominated the burger but I liked it.  Loved the buns, soft and light.  Ordered the truffle parmesan fries and garlic salt and pepper fries, loved them both.  Great menu, will be back to try the other burgers.
4	My fifth time here. I finally weened my way from the Kiki burger and had the Spicy Miso burger. Both are delish. Added some truffle fries to the mix and a Green Milk Tea and I was set.Next time; the Ronin and sweet potato fries!
5	I'm usually not all that impressed when it comes to burger restaurants, but I have to say this is definitely a new favorite of mine! Their menu is full of variety, uniqueness, and caters to every flavor and style you are looking for! Bachi Burger has a completely different approach from the standard burger you might find anywhere else, so give a look on the menu to try something you've never had before! I didn't dive into their desserts or appetizers, but I had the eggplant, tofu, and mushroom burger (forgot the name of it), and OH MY GOD... HEAVEN without feeling an ounce of guilt! It was surprisingly delicious with the combination of the three of those things, and instantly has me hooked.The service is also excellent. Take-out is fairly fast and efficient, and the ambiance of the restaurant is casual, trendy, and social. I'll definitely be returning to explore more options!
5	Went again. This time for Mother's Day. I tried the Lonely Bird- a juicy ground chicken & turkey patty Tsukune-style (Japanese-style poultry meatball covered in a sweet soy marinade), lettuce, tomato & onion in between a buttered sweet bread bun smeared with a herb pesto. So delicious. I also had half of the Bachi Fish. Just as delicious as I remember. We also ordered a side of Truffle Parmesan fries which should have been more crispy. Service was okay. Thank goodness the amazing burgers made up for it or else I probably would have deducted a star. When we got there, we waited a few minutes before a server actually came and greeted us. It wasn't even packed when we went. We waited quite a while for our food to come out, and when it did, they forgot about our fries. In celebration of Mother's Day, Bachi Burger gave out a complimentary slice of guava coconut cake for all the mothers...except my mom? I did hear one of the servers saying to the table next to us that they were running out of cake, so maybe that was the reason. Oh well...it's the thought that counts, right?Regardless, I'll be back again because I love the burgers here.
3	Good food, open late is great.
3	My friends took me to this off the strip burger establishment and i enjoyed it thoroughly.  How come the three stars?  It's because of the service unfortunately.  We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries; this is probably the only place that has this dish!! It was amazing; if you have not tried stewed oxtail this is the place to taste it; unfortunately when brought out the fries were lukewarm and the waiter said "oh we forgot to cook it" Who says that?!?!  Well they took the dish back in and heated it up in the oven and it still still turned out marvelous.  For my main course, I had the Banh Mi Burger which was a spin on the vietnamese sandwich.  The burger meat was cooked perfectly and it had two fish cakes with the vietnamese fish sauce.  It was great.  We also had fish chips (divine!), parmesan truffle fries, and salt and pepper fries.  Unfortunately the service did not match up to the food.  At one point they did not have enough cups to bring us our green tea beverages.  The service put a damper on the great food, but this can be improved.  Keep up the good work with the food! I would come here again though and give them another chance.
4	I have been meaning to give this place a try since reading all the good reviews. I was not disappointed. The burgers were very fresh and inviting. I had the Ronin burger and my wife had the Kiki's burger. We also had the truffle parmesan fries which were quite good. My wife wasn't as impressed as I was. She didn't really like the taste of her burger, maybe she is too used to the American burger taste. But I absolutely loved my burger. It was moist and juicy and the bun was very good. The service was friendly and because it was our first time there, we even got a bowl of shrimp chips on the house. But we were too full to thoroughly enjoy it. They have quite a few other burgers that I am interested in trying. Next time.....
5	Had the Ronin and the Kalbi burgers. Wow. My taste buds are still thanking me. This place has some of the most creative and tasty burgers we have ever tried. It's like a sushi bar for hamburgers. Tons of fun and good atmosphere. Service was good. Kind of pricey but if you are looking for something memorable I would definitely go here.
5	Coerced two more coworkers into bachi burger lunch. First, we tried the stir fried ginger chili edamame. Yum yum and yum. They are a total mess to eat but worth every spicy finger and lip licking moment. I went out on a limb, after great debate, and tried the spicy miso burger. I was apprehensive about some of the toppings. I should have known NO bachi burger would lead me astray. It was excellent. The burger was way more than mouth sized and sandwiched between a pillowy eggy bun. Amaze!We also shared the best sweet potato fries that exist! And, of course, I washed it down with my fave, apple lychee soda!! Full on food coma ensued and I struggled through my remaining office hours. Bachi burger = true lunchtime adventure and joy!
5	Drive for a burger - off the strip - Yes!Burger's amazing! From the NW we're in the land of grass fed, well treated beef, I was amazed by this burger....really, truly, "....just go"Caesar Salad, incredible! The anchovy on top - was plump and shiny and lovely.....Beware the croutons just might be 1000 calories a pop - but so good. ".....just go"Truffle French Fries - they did a 1/2 and 1/2 with the Sweet Potato Fries for us - they were perfectService - greatAtmosphere - greatBut honestly - the 5 stars are for the food - it's so good. I was in Las Vegas for 5 days - went here twice....have I said this yet?.....just go!"
5	Bachi Burger is one of my favorite burger spots in Vegas due to the fact that it is completely different than most places. I have been here several times and I still haven't been disappointed.
3	I had read the reviews and it was mentioned in one of the weekly magazines here so I had been wanting to try it out for a while.  I got the ronin and my friend got the kiki we also got the truffle fries.  While we were waiting for that we ordered a jasmin lemonade and one of there home made sodas.  I didn't like the lemonade but i loved the soda.  The server was very nice and the  decor is pretty.  The burgers were ok.  I think I expected more since there are soooo many great reviews.  The burgers were well made but forgetable.  We didnt like the truffle fries that much either but we liked the burger buns.  If I'm in the neighborhood I will give it another try and order something different.
5	This is probably my favorite gourmet burger joint. They've combined a lot of asian/Vietnamese flavors to make these delicious burger creations that just explode in your mouth. Also, the buns are so fluffy and airy, it's just MAGICAL! Banh Mi Burger: MY FAVORITE. This has all the flavors of a Vietnamese sandwich. The added flavors of the grilled pork and the pickled veggies really make this burger spectacular. Salt and Pepper french fries: This is also a MUST ORDER. From the sounds of it, it just sounds like they'll throw salt and pepper on your french fries, but it's SO MUCH MORE! They also flavor the fries with fresh slices of jalapenos and little garlic chips. At frist sight, the fries look like they would be extremely spicy (which worried me since I can not tolerate much) but the flavors were PERFECT. Just enough kick to make you keep eating more and more! These flavors are very similiar to the Vietnamese dish: Tom Rang Muoi if you're familiar with that. You must try it for yourself.
4	This place was recommended to me by a friend who I consider a tough nut to crack in the eating out department. In fact this is the only place I recall him ever raving about so I knew it was a must try. Then noticed all the yelp positivity  too.Nursing a buffet hangover from the previous day, I skipped breakfast and lunch that day and by 4pm I was starving. My parents bogued out on me (I really wanted to take them here) so I ended up coming on my own.  Showing up at an odd hour was probably a good thing since I imagined they would get busy during prime time.Despite being in a nondescript looking strip mall, the interior was spiffy and I was immediately greeted by a couple of the employees. Service was great as I was attended to right away and this continued throughout the meal.I went with the oft mentioned Ronin Burger ($9), with the Truffle Parmesan fries ($4) and a beer ($5).  The Ronin was great, the meat cooked just right. The beast hung together well enough, even with the BBQ sauce threatening to rend the bun apart. For me it was substantial enough of a portion. I would have liked more slaw and less BBQ sauce for a better balance but that's a quibble...I really liked it. The fries I thought were a little overrated, as salt overwhelmed the other flavors. The portion was hefty.This place has it going tho...I'll definitely come back! It was the best meal of my little vegas trip.
4	The black and green burger was awesome and the Parmesan fries were great , too!  On the down side, the no meat burger did not work.  It was kind of dry and pasty, and the flavor combination was unsuccessful.  All told, it was a great first visit to a place that's a bit out of the Vegas ordinary and I look forward to coming back.
5	GREAT LOCAL FIND! Good place to eat. I love their drink selections, and their food. I'm a big fan of kimchee and beef so my favorite burger has to be the Kalbi burger. I also like the Ronin burger. I mean who doesn't love fried egg and katsu in their burger. Right? Their fries are awesome! I recomment the garlic parmesan fries are awesome. LOADED with flavor. Very garlicy and lost of parmesan in it if you like that. If you want to go for a softer tasting flavor for fries I'd say the sweet potatoes. Those go really well with the Kalbi burger. I also might suggest that you try at least ONE drink that isn't a coke or pepsi product. Their beverages are one of a kind, and tastey. So be brave! Try one of them. The feel of the place is very simple, hip, and urban. Easy enough. It doesn't have all the extra mumbo jumbo or glitz and glamour of the strip. So if you are looking for a casual place to eat with great service. Try it! I swear it is an experience!
5	This place is damn yummy. My bff sent me enticing food porn when she came here so I had to try it when I went to Vegas in April. I had the spicy miso burger and baby daddy had the Ronin. We ordered parmesean truffle fries to share and the Portugese donuts for the grand finale.  Can I just say that I literally drool thinking of these burgers. It was so yummy and not at all heavy. I ate the entire burger and I didn't sit there and go "uuuuhhh..I'm so full..my tummy hurts!"...nope...I just had that smile on my face and I was ready for the donuts to come with....and those little sweet fried balls of heaven were awesome...a perfect compliment to an awesome lunch. I wish I lived closer to Bachi Burger so I could try all the other delicious burger varieties but alas, I will have to wait till Vegas calls me.
4	4.5 stars. If I didn't eat at Holsteins a couple days prior, I would probably give Bachi Burger 5 stars. But in a head to head competition between Holsteins' Rising Sun burger and BB's Ronin burger, I'd have to give the edge to the Rising Sun... but not by much.The Ronin burger ($9 - caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu BBQ, sweet bun, yuzu citrus aioli on the side) wasn't as sweet as I was expecting, which let the savoriness of the beef shine. The other star was the onions, which provided most of the sweetness I tasted, along with the dressing and BBQ sauce. It's a messy burger after biting into the egg so prepare to use a few napkins. Even with all the ingredients it was a compact burger that held up well after each bite. There were no issues with stuff sliding out the back and falling apart, as can be the case with other burgers with a million ingredients.One area where Bachi Burger beats Holsteins is with their fries. They're excellent and highly addictive. Truffle parmesan fries ($4) topped with parmesan reggiano, black truffle, chives, a light gravy drizzled on top and a side of sun dried tomato aioli.They also have an interesting array of non-alcoholic drinks. The jasmine strawberry lemonade ($3.75) I tried was like 3/4 lemonade and 1/4 strawberry slushy on top. Not only was it a great looking drink, the light floral flavor mixed with fruit was incredibly refreshing.I should have ended the meal there. Instead I ordered one of their specials... an ice cream sandwich ($4) - vanilla ice cream and house-made whipped cream between two chocolate cookies. The cookie was soft, but not soft enough. When I tried to cut into it all the ice cream and whipped cream came shooting out the back. The cookie tasted decent enough, but as a whole the dessert wasn't in the same ballpark as the rest of the meal.Despite that dessert, this place is highly recommended. It's a great bargain when you consider going to a similar (or inferior) burger joint on the Strip will cost you an extra $10-15 more per person.
5	What a unique take on burgers!! Asian fusion burgers!  When i came here I got the ronin burger and garlic chili edamame with sweet potatoe fries.  Everything was absolutely delicious. Definitely going to be coming back!
2	Slow service. A lot of people who were waiting before us left cause they were so slow, AND there were empty tables. Got seated and waited a good 30 min for our food.Burgers were good, I got the oxtail chili cheese fries. So not worth it, barely any oxtail, it was more like beans, cheese, and fries. Overall, stick to the burgers.
5	Had the Spicy Miso burger and DAMN, its good. Seriously, its good. Lorin, the chef/owner, is cooking food with fine dining technique at casual dining prices. You can't go wrong with anything you order there. And the beer and sake selection is really well thought out. The desserts are pretty killer too!
4	Several of my friends come here often and always checked in on facebook so I decided to give it a try. Their burger was pretty good and we got this pickled combination dish, man, who would have though pickled garlic can be this good!? LOL.But anyways, it's definitely a place where I will go back to :).
4	Loved the Kalbi burger! I would pass on the Chili Fried Chicken.
5	I don't need to write a long one here.  It's very simple, Asian twist on American Fav.  The difference?  They do it better that any similar place I've eaten at before.In short, Good Eats.
5	The wait here is ALWAYS long, but the food is entirely worth it. This restaurant has the best burgers I have ever eaten in my entire life. I frequent this restaurant when I am visiting Las Vegas, and every time I have brought someone to this restaurant, they absolutely LOVED it.Burgers: Ronin - not a fan of the coleslaw on itBanh-Mi and Kalbi are my favorites. I need to try the Wagyu burger but it is 24 dollars! Miso Spicy - my best friend gets this burger every time and loves itFries - Sweet Potatoe Fries - amazingly crunchy on the outside and sweet and delectable on the insideTruffle Fries - I don't like the truffe oil and they are not as crunchy as I would like Edamame -GARLIC TRUFFLE OIL - most delicious edamame I have ever eaten, have tried to recreate this at home and failed. Ginger - this one is good, but I like the garlic better Sodas - Try the Apple Lychee or the Mandarin Orange soda. They are so good, I wish they had refills though.If you are visiting vegas, this spot is better than any buffet or restaurant you would have at the strip. Don't waste your money. Come here and you will be full and happy and ready to win all your money back at the casino.
4	When we went there, there was no wait line... I think it was on Wed around 3pm? There were only 4 groups of people and the atmosphere was quite chill. I see some people complaining about the customer services, but I thought they were pretty pleasant. It did take quite some times before our food arrived, but they say good things happen to those who wait. I ordered short rib seamed bun, and my bf ordered spicy miso. We were both happy with the food we've got; just, I thought my steamed bun tasted much better with miso sauce instead of yuzu horse radish aioli. We also ordered Truffle Parmesan Fries which was interesting and creative. It was our first time, and this place has a big menu, so I'm definitely coming back.
4	We went here for a late Sunday afternoon lunch - no wait.  Waitress was very nice.  I had the Ronin Burger and it was delicious.  My husband had the Korean BBQ Steam bum which was good too.  My kids enjoyed sweet potatoes fries and chicken karage.  My favorite was definitely the Ronin Burger, so tasty!  We will definitely come back again!
4	This place is worth going back to, good food and nice atmostpherethe food:I had Lychee boba, crusty crab, and banh mi burger. lychee boba, wasnt all that special, kind of pricy for boba, but i mean it was a sit down restaurant, and i dont think i ever saw this before so it was worth trying, tasty, but pricy. the crusty crab, first of all i remember the smell being super crabby. it was not the delicious kind of smell, but it was a good tasting burger. kind of like a huge crab cake on a burger bun. not too greasy, but the sauces on this thing was memorable. the banh mi burger, yes this was some good stuff. this is something i always wanted, hamburger meat on a baguette with the fun little side pickled vegetables. delicious!this is a good place to experiment your eatingthe restaurant:it was not too fancy, but very clean! i remember the place being in a weird kind of lot, with other random places, but this place is a nice place to eat at, with lots of random asian like decorations. its to look around when your waitng for your food. clean bathrooms and all.the service:the service wasn't above and beyond but good, i remember the food coming out at different times, which doesnt sit well with me but it is a relatively small restaurant, so i guess they do their best. the people are very kind, and helpful when picking out random goodies on the menu. all in all this is a very nice place to eat at.
4	Bachi Burger is a wonderful marriage of two things I really like, Asian food and burgers.  I had the BanhMi burger and really enjoyed the Vietnamese flair.  It was like they combined pork egg rolls and a burger in one meal.  They feature a decent selection of beers and the fries are rather fun and tasty.What keeps me from giving Bachi Burger five stars is the crazy layout.  You enter the restaurant from what seems like the back, rather than the door closer to the main road.  This was rather confusing and at first had me thinking the restaurant was closed!
2	I heard and read a lot of good things about this place however my first experience with them wasn't a good one. I ordered the Ronnin burger $8? and parmesan truffle fries $4?. Let's just say the pictures I've seen were a lot better looking and larger. My fries were terrible they were all shriveled and over cooked, super salty. it was as if they got some left over fries from the fridge nuked them in the microwave and dumped a pill of parmesan and  garlic salt on it, no lesser in size than a medium fries from McDonald's. The burger was pretty tasty, but under cooked and sloppy made, buns was completely soggy and ingredients falling out before the first bite. there was also some nasty after taste from the slaw. I just expected more and wonder if I just caught them on a wrong day. They do have a unique menu that looks delicious which I'd like to try. So until then I'm fine with saying that this place is just an ok burger place.The decor and eating environment is nice.  Friendly service.**UPDATE**Just spent the last week suffering from wat couldve been food poisoning hence the 2 star now. Only out of the ordinary food i've eaten was this place maybe it was the under cooked burger. I usually have a strong stomach and can eat just about anything. I probably won't be coming here anytime soon.
5	Good burgers!
5	I have such a wonderful friend that lives in Las Vegas, knowing that I was traveling alone (not uncommon for me), she brought me some food from Bachi Burger.  Although I don't mind eating alone in a restaurant, it's always more fun eating with a friend.I had the Kalbi Burger, which consists of: Ground Beef, Pork, Soy, Garlic, Ginger, Chili Paste, Green Onions, Ciabatta Bun, Kim Chee and Ko Chu Jang Mayo.  Got all that?  If you're from Hawaii, you probably didn't even bat an eye when I mentioned all those things because you knew exactly what I'm talking about.  But if you're not used to Korean food, you're probably scribbling frantically to go and Google the words you don't know, right?  OK, so go Google and come back.  I'll wait for you here.  *pause*Now that you know what all the ingredients are, here's my review.  Oh wait, let me give you my disclaimer first.  I'm not a huge burger fan.  Your occasional Mickey Dee's or grilled poolside burgers are great.  But I'm not a burger seeker outer.  With that said, this burger was magically delicious!  Not in the Lucky Charms kind of way but in the it's-so-non-typical-it's-almost-like-eating-a-plate-lunch-with-bread-instead-of-rice kind of way.  (Plate lunch:  A mixture of different food items, laid out on one plate and usually includes rice, macaroni salad - did you know that Hawaii has the highest per capita of people that have diabetes?  Now you know why.  We eat starch with our starch and then put more starch on top)  Where was I?  Oh yeah, it's like a mini plate lunch but in sandwich format.  The beef was delicious, the sauce was good and the sweet potato fries gave it a nice compliment.  All I needed to go with it was a Korean bar lady saying, "Buy me drinky?" and I would've had the full experience.  If you're open to trying new types of burgers, this is the place to get one from.  ^_^
3	So many great reviews I had to try.  First try I didn't check and went on a monday and they were closed boo....I had their regular burger with bacon, eggs, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mayo....and....drum roll....the Bacon was really tasty.  That was the only thing that really stood out.  The presentation was good too...But the burger itself was pretty bland.  Maybe ive been spoiled with so many gourmet burger joints in california and vegas....but the bachi version was ok.   I didnt try any of their other specialty version as im not too fond of some of the items.The seating arrangement was nice, i liked the decor, and service was good as well.  Looked liked they may be able to some outdoor seating?  shrugs...perhaps it is too hot in vegas....I would come again if i was hosting an out of towner who wanted an away from the strip experience...we ordered 2 versions of the fries...and both were just a ok.  the truffle fries and some other ones with cilantro in it.  I think they tried to get a bit too creative ... at least for my taste.
5	great burger joint, an Asian fusion burger joint to be exact. probably the best flavored burgers in Vegas. we ordered the shogun, foie, peaches, truffle oil, really good. the foie was embedded in the patty. the smokey valley, fig jam, brie, arugula, fried onions, truffle aioli, really good too. the food here is good and the friendly service brings me back to Hawaii. oh, i almost forgot, the oxtail fries with the fried egg is to die for! go early, this place does get full fast!
4	the crab cake sandwhich was yummy and the oxtail fries-which consist of chili, fries, and a fried egg. yumm!!! its all gourmet burgers.. so if you like burgers and want to try something different this is a place to be, and they have a great list of nonalcoholic beverages as well, and its open late
4	I stumbled on this out of the way gem using the Yelp mobile app, and I feel really lucky. It's good to feel lucky in Vegas.I can't give five stars for only one visit, but it was close to a five-star experience. Someone there knows what they're doing, especially with the burgers. These aren't your typical teriyaki cheeseburgers passing off as Asian fast food. First, the salt & pepper fries were first rate: thin, crispy, a little spicy (topped with some jalepenos). The fried chicken "kara-age" appetizer was also very good. They know how to fry food and season it to go with your beer. The pork belly steamed buns, sort of like sliders with bao-style buns and excellent hoisin dipping sauce, were very tasty. My 7-year-old son gobbled them up. I was skeptical about the Banh-mi Burger, but it blew me away. They go to great lengths to capture the essence of the classic Vietnamese sandwich, right down to the pate, herbs, and fantastic nam plah dipping sauce. Dip, bite, chew, smile. Repeat.I also tried the Lonely Bird, a blended poultry burger (turkey/chicken) that somehow captures the flavors of "tsukune", the chicken meatballs doused in sweet sauce that you order at Japanese yakitori houses. Again, someone here knows their Asian flavors and makes sure these creations are not just burgers with different special sauces. I can't wait to return to try their other menu items.
4	If you love burgers, you'll love Bachi. Their burger patties are juicy and flavorful. Their menu gives a good variety of burger choices from the cheese burger to Vietnamese Bahn Mi burger. I also loved the Ox Tail Chili Cheese Fries topped with a fried egg.  Making my mouth water just thinking about it. Mmmmmmm...
5	I found this restaurant on Yelp on a trip to Vegas.  The reviews had my mouth watering!  I couldn't wait to get there!  Unfortunately, when I got there for lunch on a Tuesday, they were closed!  I was unbelievably sad!  That is why, later in my trip, I made a second trip to Bachi Burger.  Boy, was I glad that I did!I had the Ronin Burger and my wife had the Lonely Bird.  Both were AMAZING with amazing sauces!!!! Hers was better.  It had crunchy onion straws on it which just added something!  We also had sweet potato fries and Parmesan truffle fries, both of which come with heavenly sauces.  Heaven.  I was even able to get bubble tea!  They make their own homemade sodas too... My wife had a strawberry jasmine lemonade.  Very refreshing!  Prices were reasonable- about $10 a person.Other than the wonderful food, the most memorable part of this experience was an angry woman behind me.  She apparently ordered her burger rare but when she got it, she thought it was too rare.  She proceeded to be VERY rude to every employee in the restaurant.  Even using the line "I have worked in the service industry before." She said that she comes here 3 times a week and it is her husband's favorite restaurant, but now she isn't coming anymore.  Poor husband! The staff were all very nice and understanding to her even though she was acting like a crazy person.  All I can say, is that if I lived in Vegas, I would be there 3 times a week too!
5	Holy sweet Jesus, this is some good cow.They proudly display a sign that says "Voted Best Gourmet Burger in Vegas 2010"---and rightfully so.  Bachi Burger takes the classic "meat, bun, & veggie combination," adds a bit of an Asian twist to it, sprinkles on some magic dust, and voila! What you have is a kickass burger waiting for you to devour it.With every Vegas trip I go on, I've been more than glad to come back here. Service has always been amazing--almost as amazing are their Sweet Potato Fries. Semi sweet, super crispy, extra delicious. Get these instead of the gravy-topped Truffle Fries and you won't be disappointed.It's not listed on their current menu, but last time I went, I had the pleasure of trying an appetizer dish...I believe it was Seared Tuna with Chips....it was utterly delicious. The salty chips paired nicely with the silky fish. The Ronin Burger, Kiki Burger, and Spicy Miso are always good choices as the main course.Next time (if the blackjack tables treat me a little better,) I'll opt for the Shogun Burger!
5	My favorite place to eat burgers. Now being vegetarian puts me in a bind at most places but bachi burger has an awesome grilled bachi fish burger!!! Add sweet potato fries and your in heaven. Wait I can't forget to talk about the BUNS.....to DIE FOR!!!
4	I came here for the first time last week and boy, they definitely live up to the hype! I ordered the Spicy Miso burger and it was cooked to perfection, all of the sauces and ingredients worked together so perfectly! The bf ordered the Banh Mi sandwich and boy, was it satisfying! We ordered a side of Salt and Pepper Fries with Garlic Aioli and they were delicious! We are now fans! I can't wait to return and try out some of the other burgers!
5	the Kiki burger is fantastic. shitake mushrooms, greens, nice and squishy bun.. sweetness. i didnt even need ketchup! and i put ketchup on almost everything!!!the salt and pepper fries tastes like crab. you know.. the asian crab thats boiled and is seasoned with salt and pepper? exactly that. it was the weirdest thing ever. but delicious. this is a gem thats off the strip and is definitely worth the drive.  its not even that far.. but i would highly recommend coming here on your way home from vegas.  I wasn't even hungry.. but after the first bite, i couldn't stop.. and then the fries!? jeez... so much for trying to get fit and lose weight!!
2	Food was perfect. i got the galbi burger with house kim chi on the side. why the bad review? we came in with a group of 12+ we called in they accommodated us and had a warm welcome. So still why the terrible review...its courtesy especially when eating with people you havent seen in quite some time to wait for all the food to arrive at the table to begin chowing...2 of our parties food took 30 minutes later than everyone else's to come out. appetizers came in too fast which were fantastic (sweet potato fries) huge gap in between that and the entree. the waitress kept telling us the kitchen was behind and that the burger was being made. 10 minutes later she told us that they forgot the order. finally after 30 minutes the burger comes out. i dont care how many orders you have, the next burger should have been ours but no...we watched tables come in and sit down and get their food faster.when coming to visit vegas, my friend told me this place was great and he wanted to try it. sadly i was a little disappointed not by the food. but its not always bad food that ruins the experience.
4	One of the best burgers on the west coast!! We stop by every time we visit Las Vegas. lychee soda is the best and the burgers have an interesting Asian twist to them
5	I never had a burger that had so many different flavors and tasted absolutely perfect.  I usually get the spicy miso burger, which isn't that spicy at all but taste wonderful. I also have had Banh Mi and Kiki burger as well.  The fries are pretty good, not a big fan of salt and pepper in general but the sliced jalapeno's are always fresh.  The fries are big enough to share but the burger by itself is perfect for a meal on its own.Oh and i love photos that they have up from Japan and that they play they usually play a food/cooking show on the tv.
2	This place was an interesting fusion of different asian flavors. I had a bite of the burger and chili cheese jalapeno fries.It was really nothing special. I can't even remember how it tasted.Service was good though, very sweet. And you can buy the artwork on the wall!
4	Great Asian flavored burgers. I like the Ronin and Kiki best. Very busy so arrive early! Much better prices than other high end burger joints in Vegas.
5	Still 5/5. Went a few days ago on my last trip and was initially going to try their soft shell crab po' boy but they were all out! Not so sadly, I settled for another Shogun burger. While it is a $25 burger, I was up from gambling so I didn't paying the price. This time I added egg even though I was afraid it would conflict with the foie gras and unagi but it didn't.  Maybe next time I'll bacon too!I will be back for the soft shell po' boy next time for sure.
5	I live in Summerlin so this place is a good 30 minutes away from me.  When I was finally on that side of town my friend and I decided to check it out!!  I was honestly expecting a little burger joint like in-n-out or something, but this is a nice sit down restaurant.  Casual and trendy.  My friend told me what to order so I didn't even really need to look at the menu, but I was intrigued by their "Burgers with a twist of Asian fling" deal.  There are so many things I want to go back and try, this will definitely not be my LAST time! Our waiter was also very informative. He asked if we wanted to "hear about the menu" and I thought he'd never shut up... He explained EVERYTHING to a T.  I actually felt bad because I was already ready to order before I even got a menu! We started out our meal with the pickle plate.  I had no idea what it was but we saw it in a newspaper article that  was posted in the front.  My favorite part of the plate was the pickled garlic cloves.  I was expecting way too much garlic flavor, but wow I was surprised.  I would get a bowl of just that!!  The other items were mediocre, but it was worth trying it.  Very interesting idea! For dinner I had the Kiki's burger with sweet potato fries and sun dried tomato aioli.  It was delicious!!  The burger was amazing.  It came with a chili aoili on the side and that was actually my favorite part.  Next time I want THAT for my french fries too. My friend had the crab cake burger, and it was good!  I like it a lot for a seafood burger.  It was a little sweet which was odd to me, but very interesting flavor.  I ended up spending $17 for a burger, sweet potato fries and the pickle plate.  Not TOO bad, but a little pricey for 1 person at a burger joint.  HOWEVER, I would go back in a heart beat.  I actually can't wait to return so I can try something else!  Definitely check it out, you won't regret it....  The drink menu alone looks amazing.  I drank water, but next time I'm gonna have to get one of those boba milk teas everyone was drinking.
5	Trying the rohin and Kiki burgers, sweet potato fries, truffle fries, and starting with the tuna and chip.  The food made me sick with a stomach ache cause it was so GREAT I couldnt stop eating.  Will go back for more
4	Great food
4	Came on a late Saturday evening, April 16, 2011.The place looked very hip and sleek, with nice leather couches at the waiting area.  For a Saturday night, when most are out drinking, there was a surprising amount of patrons.I won't bore you with a rundown of our orders, but I will mention a few things:- Great presentation of fries, go with a group of 4-6 so you can try em all.  Unless you're a fatty.- The Vietnamese coffee had a strong hazelnut flavor.  Fail in my book.- Your burger choice may be hit or miss... but I'm pretty sure you'll have some interesting flavors to talk about.  I think I'll follow Arvin T's lead and build my own solid and regular burger with their quality ingredients.By no means cheap, come here for a bit of a tasting adventure at a chic spot.  Plus its off strip, so you can claim some street cred for bringing an out-of-towner here.
5	Excellent, original, and very fresh tasting. Everyone in our four person party enjoyed their meal and we each had something different. Probably the most original tasting hamburgers I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying. Not your standard fare by any means, but a wnderful fusion of asian flavors and the good old fashioned hamburger.
5	I live in Los Angeles and was visiting some friends who live in Vegas.  They told us to try Bachi Burger since they compared it to Umami Burger in LA.  Of course, I had to try it to see what the difference was.  Bachi Burger by far has the BEST burgers that I've had to date.  All of their burgers have an Asian fusion flair.  Their Ronin burger was truly amazing with the grilled onions and Bachi BBQ sauce.  Their Parmesan Truffle fries are also amazing with a special mushroom sauce that was drizzled on top. And to top that all off, we almost didn't order their dessert which was the malasadas and I am so glad we did because those were amazing! I also took a sip of their homemade sodas and their Mandarin Tangerine soda is so good.If I could, I would've wanted to try all of their burgers.  We also ordered their BBQ Pork Belly Steamed Buns as an appetizer and those were freaking amazing as well!  Please open one up in LA!  I would go there everyday if I could.  That was how good it was!
4	I love this place! It's a unique twist on burgers and fries. Only here can you get a milk tea, Japanese chicken skewers and a burger and have it all be wonderful.
4	This places doesn't serve the typical boring American burger. Bachi Burger provides so many different types of culturally influenced burgers. I recently moved out here from California, and immediately fell in love with this place. The Ronin Burger is one of the best burgers...and the fries are a must try!
4	Today was the second time we ate at this place and I'm still a fan. For a Saturday mid-afternoon, it was pretty busy. The place is pretty decent, good for intimate 643-8 people. The servers were really friendly. I introduced my friends to this place and each one of us got the Ronin burger. Perfect serving size to not overwork the kidneys. Although, I was bummed that when I requested to cook the eggs over-easy, the chef said no. That would have been delish! The yolk oozing out....I know.. weird.  The truffle fries were ok. I know right? Chocolate + fries = hmmm..Something I still need to get used to. Also, try the hot green tea. Will definitely aid with digestion:).The bf was the only one that ordered the Kiki's burger and he only ate half; he was definitely FULL which is rare. The first time we ate here, I got the Kalbi burger, which is also yummy but I prefer the Ronin burger. Oh, and if you crave for this place on a random Saturday night (midnight-ish) come early or ORDER ASAP! When we called last Saturday, they ran out of buns due to high volume! We were pretty disappointed last night and settled for In & Out.
4	I recently stopped here for lunch with co-workers and the team loved the burgers. In particular, fresh ingredients and the buns were mentioned frequently.  We have other co-workers who give BB rave reviews as well.
5	service issues have been accounted for and fixed. I have been twice recently, and the food is still the BOMB! The Bahn Mi burger is probably my favorite and this is a go-to burger spot for me! Lucky for me it's close to my house and half way to the airport. Great spot to catch a bite before you get to McCarran.
5	So, the restaurant sent me a letter after my Yelp post to tell me that they were working on the service speed.  Well, they did!  Based on some other reviews I tried the crab cakes.  Wow!  I had a burger again, which was awesome, but was jealous of the fish sandwich ordered by people at the table next to me.  Well, that just means that I'll be back.  Again, service was much-improved so they get five stars this time because the service was excellent and the crab cake was the true five star surprise.  Enjoy!
5	This was a very nice surprise; after eating 7 burgers in 3 days and not having much success at any of them(story coming soon), Boston Burger Blog and I were looking for something a bit different and were intrigued by the Asian influence to the menu. We went there at 7pm on a Monday night expecting to sit right down and eat like we had at all the other burger places I've ever been to. 30+ minutes later and some unnecessary confusion from the hostesses and we were finally seated. Not a great start.The restaurant itself is very unassuming; plain white walls with a couple pictures and posters as well as some tv's that didn't seem to be connected properly. It is located behind a Subway restaurant in the back of a parking lot, with an extremely small sign above the door that is hard to read even up close. Maybe this was temporary since they were fairly new. The menu is filled with burgers that have teriyaki sauce, to Korean-influenced choices that come complete with kim chee. We decided to try a couple different fries on the menu and went with the sweet potato fries and truffle fries. Both were quite good, cooked well, had some great flavor and also came with tasty dipping sauces.I ordered the Kiki burger w/caramelized bacon, a couple different kinds of mushrooms, and a great bun. The meat was marinated with some sort of a teriyaki flavored sauce, it had great flavor even though it wasn't the best quality beef in the world. I ordered it medium-rare, it was cooked close to how I wanted, even for a thinner patty. At the end of our meal one of the waiters apologized for the wait that night, and explained that since they are still new they are trying to get everything figured out. He also said that they have an undersized kitchen for how popular their restaurant has already become. A good problem I'm sure many places wished they had. This conversation made up for a lot of our bad feelings we had early on, and since a random rush like the one we witnessed are not overly common, I would absolutely come back several times to try some of the other burgers on the menu.  Even though I have only been one time so far, this has become one of the best burgers I've had in town.
3	This place is such an awesome concept--and it's hamburgers! Who doesn't love hamburgers? Anyway...kind of a weird location but it works. The food is totally different and totally delicious (sweet potato fries-hello!) and they have a pineapple ketchup that is to.die.for. Regardless, the service really sucks. This is Vegas for crying out loud! We got our sweet potato fries (appetizer) before we got our drinks; the drinks we waited 10 minutes before ordering. The service was behind from the time we walked in the door. We waited more than we ate. Perhaps this is a case of a visionary chef who has an amazing product but doesn't quite know how to run a restaurant and doesn't have the proper management. Whatever the case, I'm disappointed. I haven't been back and it sucks because they're right down the street.
4	Nooooommmmmmers! Bachi Burger is delicious with extra delicious on top. We ordered: -The kids meal (of course) which includes a grilled cheese, fries and fruit. - The Crusty Crab ala Misti Y.'s recommendation, (Pan Roasted Crab Cake, Lettuce, Tomato, Avocado, Onion, Mango Chutney, Tarragon Remoulade, Butter Glazed Sweet Bread Bun). - The Kalbi burger (Ground Beef, Pork, Soy, Garlic, Ginger, Chili Paste, Green Onions, Ciabatta Bun, Kim Chee, Ko Chu Jang Mayo )- The Pork Belly Steamed Buns- Portuguese Donuts, Vietnamese Cinnamon, Coffee Gelato      - Iced Passion Milk Tea with BobaEverything was equally mindbogglingly delicious. My fav was definitely the Steamed Buns and Passion Milk Tea. The Boba was a little mushy, but the tea was outstanding. The Crusty Crab was the best crab cake creation I have ever had. Mr. R adored his Kalbi Burger. The Portuguese Donuts melted in my mouth and the coffee gelato took the dessert to another level altogether. I will return just as quickly as I can return to Vegas. The only reason they are not getting 5 stars is the shotty service. Our server was fantastic, but we hardly saw him. It was extremely busy, but most of the servers were running around like chickens with their heads cut off. They were literally bumping into each other. The manager came over to our table at the end of the meal and apologized for the bad service, she said she felt bad and that they are working on it. I will update my review after another visit.
1	*I don't usually write reviews.  But for this place I had to.**Good (albeit extremely over-priced) food vastly offset by TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE that runs on Filipino time.First thing I did when I moved to Vegas was check out all the burger reviews/joints/best-of-lists.  You'll see In N' Out, Burger Brassiere, LBS, Burger Bar...  and Bachi Burger.  So I had to check it out.When I arrived there, there was a wait and I was hungry so I figured I'd just order To-Go.  I ordered two burgers (Kiki Burger & their Special at the time w/ blue cheese) and two fries (sweet potato & parmesan truffle).  Simple order?  I thought so.Like the reasonable prudent person, I asked how long it would take.  Melissa let me know that it would be 15 minutes.  15 minutes sounds reasonable, right?  That is if it were really 15 minutes.So after waiting for more than 30 minutes (I timed it) and giving a dozen different looks into the kitchen/Melissa, I asked politely how much longer would I have to stay hungry.  "Three minutes", she replied.  "What a completely arbitrary number?" I thought.  But I'll trust her.  So 10 minutes later, wondering if I was high because it didn't feel like three minutes, I asked again how long it would take.  I think she finally started to feel guilty, so she said it was coming right up.  I'm so gullible.So five minutes later, magically as I approached they started bagging my food.  It took another five minutes to finish bagging me up (they forgot my sauce) and ring me up.  Because I was far beyond annoyed after waiting for so long when I was told 15 minutes, I asked if I could express my unpleasant experience and offer constructive  criticism to the owner/manager/person-in-charge.  Melissa told me he's not there and she's in charge.  Great.  She told me to just call later and the owner would talk to me.So I called later...  In fact, I called later multiple times and on multiple days.  I left messages.  Nothing.  He never talked to me. Don't get me wrong, food was good.  But spending $32.43 and waiting more than 50 minutes for 2 burgers & 2 fries is not justifiable in any sense unless I was told from the get-go what to expect.  Instead I was lied to repeatedly, never apologized to or compensated, and was not even able to express my displeasure to those who count.  Arrghh... Just thinking about it makes me so angry.  Like a big emo tornado of emotion.  Thank God for In N' Out. Peace Bachi Burger.
5	I have been to this place twice with my wife, after hearing from my friend how great it was.   The first time we were there, we ordered as main course the Veggie burger, Ronin burger, and Sweet potato fries.  The veggie burger was ok.  The Ronin burger on the other hand was delicious. It has so many flavors.  It contains a cross between american and asian ingridients. Also, the sweet potato fries are as good as they get. Lightly salted and crispy. So the second time around we stuck to  Ronin Burgers and sweet potato fries.  As far as service, service was great.  We were seated immediately. A glass of Iced water is served right away and our food was ready in 10-15 mins.  I have been there during the week either on a Tuesday or Wednesday and there are always many empty tables. I have read other reviews where they mention how crowded it gets.  So I would recommend to go there during the week in the evening preferably.  All in all, I will be going back soon to try some of their other fries which I hear are amazing.
5	This place has awesome food. Best part is the great prices and the awesome service. When you're Vegas this is a must stop!
5	Holy Cow!!! This place lives up to the hype. I just ate the best burger I have ever had in my life. The service is great too.After telling our group about this place, we all went together the next day. I can't remember ever going to the same place 2 nights in a row but it was worth it.
3	I gave 3 stars because the food was good but the service was horrible and $9 for a burger without regular fries is over-price to me.  We came for a late lunch on Sunday and the wait was 40 minutes even though they told us 25 minutes and then everything was slow there from taking our orders to getting the check. We ended up spending almost 2 hours there for a burger lunch; however, we had 2 different types of specialty burgers and they were both good.
4	I remember all the hype surrounding Bachi Burger prior to its open last year, and when I tried it myself, I understood why. After leaving for school, I had a list of places I had to go to at least once before I left again - one of which was Bachi Burger.My friends' never having been was the perfect excuse to go. Badgering them at eleven in the morning, my friends were dismayed at the fact that the burgers and fries were separate. Regardless, we ordered the Parmesan Truffle fries as well as the Sweet Potato. The former are always a good standby with the sundried tomato aioli on the side. The latter were delicious on their own, but the Yuzu citrus aioli didn't mesh as well. My three friends ordered the Kiki burger after asking for my suggestion while I ordered the Crusty Crab protein style. I've never had an issue with long waits for food like other reviewers have. The food came out quickly, and we began devouring. My friends loved the bun, but one of them complained that the flavor of the burger only hit midway through. My "burger" was a crab cake atop lettuce, tomato, avocado and onion, garnished with a Tarragon Remoulade and mango chutney. It was tasty, a bit on the salty side. Yet, it was a disaster to eat. It fell apart after a bite, and attempting to get all of the accoutrements in one bite proved a challenge.As for service, one of my friends commented that she felt the need to beat them down in the nicest way possible. Our waters were constantly refilled without the need to pull out the "I'm dying of thirst" look at the staff. Our plates were cleared out before we could react. It was definitely the epitome of attentive. Overall, good food and service makes for a happy Diana. The only thing stopping me from driving the one minute in between my house and Bachi Burger is my conscious. Thank God for that.
4	Step up your service here! I was here on Sunday night. I've had this place bookmarked for awhile. My friends have told me nothing but good things about the food. When I arrived there was a big table open and no one bothered to greet or seat us. Our party was hungry and quicky became irritatted. They finally sat us. I think they apologized to us at least 15 times that evening. We ordered our food right when we got seated. Our food took forever and a day to come out. Our drinks took forever to get refilled. This dinner was tiring. The food was good but the service was junk.. If they gave us some complimentary dessert or drinks that would've been nice. I had the Ronin burger with bacon. The truffle fries. and milk tea boba. The burger was cooked medium rare and really juicy. It was a little too sweet for my liking. The fries were really good and the sun dried tomato dipping sauce was really good. The milk tea was average and the boba overly chewy. I can't come back and eat at a place with service this bad. My friend got the Kiki burger and that was really good. Spicy mayo dipping sauce made it even better. Please fix your service here.
4	Ok, let's see what the hype is all about!  I had been hearing so much about this place for a long time.  We decided to check it out.  I had to see what all the yelps were saying and what I could gather is that the wait is pretty long to sit down.  I figured that I heard so many good things about the burgers so it was worth the chance of a wait.  You walk into the the narrow restaurant find some big comfy couches in the front.  I thought, great there has to be a wait if they have these couches.  So we put our name and sat down with my 2 year old grabing Las Vegas Weekly and Seven magazines and piling them on the couch.  We didn't really wait that long and were seated pretty fast.  We sat down and now the next hurdle.  What do we order?  I didn't know where to begin. I scanned the menu and the only word that stuck out was "Kimchi."  I had to order the Kimchi burger.  My wife ordered a regular angus burger.  We ordered fries with the variety of fries.  I think we got my daughter a grilled cheese.  when the food came it was awesome.  The burger had many flavors.  Try to go early if have a large group because when we were eating a large group was waiting for some time.  Bachi burger is in its own class.  I recommend! Cheers!
4	Burgers re-imagined in the style of popular Asian comfort food...fusion disaster or synergistic food nirvana?  That was the question I sought to answer when I stepped into this southeastern joint with my sister visiting from out of town and two other friends.  Beginning with an appetizer: Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries "garnished" with a sunny side up egg...let that concept wrinkle your brain for a minute,Portion is definitely worthy of sharing with 4.   Shaq would have better luck winning a game of Jenga than my attempting to eat this with one's hands without making a hot mess.   Armed with forks, we broke the egg all across the beautiful pastiche of crisp golden fries, hearty oxtail chili, and luscious gooey cheese that harmonized in a beautiful symphony of texture and flavor.  The hardest part was deciding on burgers, so we each agreed to order a distinct burger and cut them into quarters for all to sample.  Although the waiter suggested we order them medium, I think we chose wisely with medium rare.Burger #1 The RoninIn the movie Ronin, when DeNiro's character is asked about how he avoids an ambush, he replies "Whenever there is any doubt, there is no doubt."  When I glanced at the description and read the reviews of my trusty Yelpers on what appears to be the gold standard of the Bachi Burgers, I had no doubts this one was going to be a winner.  Perfectly cooked patty topped with some nuttiness from miso-goma dressing, tanginess from Katsu bbq sauce, crunch from the Japanese slaw, binded together with the runny yolk of a fried egg and then slathered with a citrus-yuzu aioli, if you haven't started drooling on your keyboard, perhaps you need to get your salivary glands checked out.Burger #2 The Kalbi BurgerSomewhat of a misnormer since they use ground beef and pork rather than the marbly beef short rib from which its name sake is inspired, but nonetheless well executed.  Along with a korean-inspired mayo, green onions, and a healthy punch of kimchee, the flavor profile is great although I would have preferred a stronger spice component with hotter chili paste.  Nice touch with a banchan accompaniment of spicy korean pickles.Burger #3 "The Crusty Crab's replacement"Can't recall the name of this one since it was one of the specials and is supposed to be the replacement for The Crusty Crab, which was essentially a crabcake sandwich, but this one is like a Steak Oscar between two pieces of bread so I'll temporarily call it the Krabby patty, in honor of Spongebob Squarepants.  Beef patty topped with crab, scallop, a fried egg, and some crispy vegetable component that has slipped my mind, Plankton would gladly hatch a scheme to serve this burger to compete with the Krusty Krabs.   Burger #4 Spicy Miso BurgerHighlights include Angus beef, roasted garlic, apple vinaigrette (side note: totally would have missed this word in a spelling bee because of that sneaky extra i), and shishito peppers.  This one was like the cute girl next door standing alongside the other three supermodels of burgers.  Nothing to complain about, but not much of a revelation either.  The finely shredded lettuce has a propensity to lose its crunch amongst the liquid components without providing any added flavors like a spicy arugula.  Don't be intimidated by the name, as shishito peppers are not considered anywhere close to spicy as its other Asian cousins in Chinese or Thai cuisine...not really sure if I could even make it out, which probably relates to the final point: the apple vinaigrette overpowers the other mild components so that you don't get the popping off of distinct flavors as in the other burgers.In summary, the patties were well seasoned and sufficiently moist, the brioche-like bun is probably personal preference since it is soft and heavy as opposed to light and toasty (reminds me of the baked pork buns at dim sum), although I would have to say the Ronin comes closest to living up to Barney Stinson's highest compliment for any budding burger connoisseur:  "I love this burger so much I wanna sew my ass shut!"
5	Love it!! All the food is good, but the sweet potato fries are the best ever! Love getting them with the garlic chili aioli. Also love getting the jasmine lemonade.Wish they were still open til 2AM!
2	Not as good for me. 2 and a half stars in my opinion. Worth a try but wouldn't come back
5	Came in with a group of 6 and omg we ordered so much food. An asian infusion burger place, we had to try this place out. AppetizersEdamame with garlic butter and truffle oil - yummy, my fingers were so oily from it but soo good ahhaEdamame with garlic ginger and chili - I don't like spicy things and it wasn't that spicy but I didn't like but my friends didOut of the sea salt fries with pineapple ketchup, garlic salt & pepper fries with garlic chili aioli, and truffle parmesan fries with sun dried tomato aioli, the truffle parmesan was my favorite, something about truffle that just makes it soooo flavorful and tasty mmmmmBurgers Most of my friends got the ronin burger which I cant speak for first hand but they loved itMy bf got the bachi american wagyu burger - which was freaking one of the most expensive but he seemed to enjoy it a lot saying the quality of the meat was really good. He was actually savoring it and eating it slowly instead of scarfing it down like usual... or maybe he was getting full from the appetizers?I wanted to try the crusty crab but unfortunately they took it off the menu :[[ so I got the grilled bachi fish which was yummy! The only bad thing about it was that since its cod and the fish was flaky (in a good way) the burger didn't hold, it pretty much fell apart, so I had to eat my burger with a fork ahahThe server was nice and pretty attentive, constantly filling our waters and taking away plates pretty quickly. We left happy, definitely will be one of our stops when we come to vegas
4	Awesome food.  A different flair on the average burger, and what a tasty flair it is!  The service left something to be desired. Friendly, but almost non-existent.  But the food is worth dealing with it.  Will definitely be back!
5	Yet another favorite of mine. This place has some mighty tasty pupus and meals along with some good shakes for dessert! We tried so many different things that all tasted great. I dont think you can find 1 bad thing on that menu! Theres ample parking and the place is not hard to find. Not sure what there busy timers were there was no wait when i went. Def another great place to check out!
2	It's been months since I've been to this place, but I felt the need to review it as it currently has a much higher rating than it deserves.The service at this place is terrible.  After sitting us down, we waited for at least 10 minutes before even being acknowledged again.  Even though we were told it would take about 15 min for our burgers to be cooked, it took over 30 minutes.  Even worse is that a table who arrived after us got their food before we did.The burgers themselves are okay, but definitely not worth the price.  They weren't very large and the bun was stale.
4	I love a good burger. Now, throw in an Asian twist to that and you may have just found perfection (two of my favorites in one?!) I felt like I was destined for food like this.This place luckily makes up what they lack in service (service was mediocre, if that) with their food. The burger quality is excellent and the Hawaiian bun they serve them on is a nice touch. I had Kiki's burger, which is an Angus burger, sauteed shiitake, enoki and eryngi mushrooms, bacon, gruyere cheese and a sweet onion marmalade. I loved everything about this burger. It was juicy, tasty, and the flavors were very well balanced aka MOUTHGASM. I also had the truffle Parmesan fries. Yum yum yum!I would definitely suggest trying a burger off of their "specialty burger menu", rather than building your own -- because you can do that at any burger joint.I'm hoping when I decide to return that the service experience will be a little better, but I'm not really here to rate service, just food. There were other menu options I saw that would definitely warrant a return visit.
5	Amazing. Amazing. Just Amazing.We ate here with a group of friends, one of whom happens to be that horrible person who is rude to wait staff. Not only did we get spectacular service (I cannot believe I forgot her name! Young asian girl wearing glasses), they also tolerated our obnoxious table mate. Our waitress busted her ass. I was very impressed.The Burgers here are very original. There was a whole lot of "What the hell is that?" "I don't know but it's spectacular." I had the Ronin burger, it was heavenly. I brought my wife back a Veggie burger. She raved (and she hates everything about meat). Extra Credit: The Beer list is superb. Minor subtraction of points by referring to their Rogues by their more obscure Japanese names to make them sound extra exotic, but a minor gripe.Only Negative: Not open Mondays.
5	My wife and I stopped in not really knowing what to expect.  We were very pleasantly surprised. The menu had a wide variety of apps and burgers to choose from, so many of which sounded unique and promising we knew if we liked it we would have to come again. We ordered the steamed Pork Belly buns as apps and for burgers, the Ronin and Kiki. The buns were interesting, but just a bit better than okay. Glad we ordered it but no reason to get it again. To clarify i probably would order buns again, but a different variety. Now, on to the burgers...WOW!!! Both burgers (I tried my wife's Kiki) were amazing! I described it to my wife as an explosion in my mouth. Fireworks were going off... The burgers contained a melange of flavors and textures... I actually used the word melange for the first time in my life! It was an orgasm for the mouth. There was sweet and salty and spicy and juicy, crunchy, soft, and crisp...ohhhhh! Give me a moment, I will be okay. We also shared the Garlic Parmesan Truffle fries... Also wow. Strong and intense in flavor there was only so much one can eat in a sitting... as it strains the taste buds, but not in a bad way.I had Honeydew bobo tea, which was very nice as well, no worse or better than any I have had before, and the wife had the root beer. Since we filled up quickly we took the leftovers home... by 7 am my remaining burger which heated up well in the micro for 20 secs was gone, down the hatch! My wife finished hers cold. 'nuff said!
5	So if you are in the Vegas area, and are on a Burger hunt.. We'll you've come to the right place....If you haven't been...you definitely are missing out.  So out-of-towners...If you have a rental...Bet your bottom dollar you'd wanna make the effort to come here.  The burgers are fresh, and has a spin when compared to your all american burger.  Their specialty are the burgers with the Asian twist to them.  The meat is thick and moist.  Very different, original and tasty! They have quite a few selections but I've only tried the Kiki burger and Ronin, both of which are good...wait I lied! I've also tasted the KimChi burger from a friend's plate= This burger was decent...a bit weird for me since I didn't know what to think of the kimchi veggies combined with my burger... Bachi Burger does have a small selection of your all american burgers but the waiter will advise you that people usually don't come to order those.  I've also tried their Ox tail chili cheese fries....De-LIcious!!! They even include a sunny side up on top of the thing.  :) Makes me happy just to think of this dish.  My friend ordered the bbq pork bun dish (its one of the three pictures I have up) ...I think they were good, but for the price, I think i've had better.  The only thing I think would make this burger not so appealing to people is if they are like me: I simply like less meat (like the amount you get in a cheeseburger at in N out).  I usually go with others who I gladly separate the pattie in two and hand half of it over to someone else.  The thing is, there is too much meat for me and that isn't a problem when you could share it with others (having too little would be a problem as you would have to maybe order more). :) Come people! TK
4	Kiki Burger is one of my favorite burgers of all. sweet and very tasty, with added caramelize bacon and mushrooms. Orgasm in my mouth every time I order it, one of my go to spots when I have friends from out of town visiting. My boyfriend and I believe their truffle fries to be one of the best we've had in Vegas so far. thin sliced, crispy and comes with a delicious sauce.Boyfriends favorite is the Banh Mi Burger. I am not so much a fan, but he really enjoys this one due to the pickle carrots and dipping sauce that comes with it. I actually prefer the original Banh Mi hoagy because that's what I'm use to eating. not transformed into a burger.However, Customer service has its ups and downs. One day their super nice and friendly, the next day they are horrible. For example, one time they obliviously walked away from our table when we didn't finish ordering our food, another occasion offering almost zero servicing to us. one time we had a guy who carried a face expression as if he hated his life. Nonetheless, that never stops me from coming here cause their food is good !
4	The food has a wonderful  blending of flavors.  Craig was our server and he was very attentive.  My husband has allergies and the kitchen was very careful on the ingredients in each dish.  It is  more than we normally pay for burgers - but these are gourmet, a real treat.  We would definitely come back.
5	I tried the original bachi burger and was amazed how polished and juicy this burger was. My burger was only for $7 and the moist burger was a welcome sight to see, because as soon as I bit into my burger, all the juices/marinate flowed down my plate. This was awesome. Easily the best burger in Vegas.
4	Taking the Hamburger, but giving it an Asian twist -- I like it.I've been here a few times, and have never left disappointed. If you're looking for a different spin on an asian burger, then Bachi is the place you want to be at.I've eaten the Ronin and the Kiki, and they're both unique in their own right.But what good is a burger without some fries to finish it off with? With three different types of fries to pick from, you can't make the wrong choice.Now, if only the service while waiting to get a table wasn't so shoddy.
3	Maybe I ordered the wrong things? I wish I could return for a do over but as I live in another state I'll just have to lay out my experience for what it was. A-OK. When in Vegas on vacation I scoured Yelp to find a truly "local" eatery that we could visit for lunch with our friends. All the Vegas yelpers and some Honolulu yelpers I know were all wowed by Bachi Burger so I insisted we drive off the strip to eat there.First off the decor is not the greatest, just a dimly lit space with tables and chairs. I don't really care what a place looks like as long as it's clean and the food is great. We were seated quickly and our waiter gave us the run down on popular dishes. I ended up ordering the kalbi burger along with sweet potato fries and a peanut butter chocolate shake. Our food took awhile to come out but as we were catching up with our friends we didn't really care. My Kalbi burger had less flavor than I expected. I think I had it in my head that it was going to be sweeter but the size of the burger was good. With all the ingredients in and on the burger I think I expected it to be a small miracle of flavor bursting into my mouth. Talk about high expectations huh? The sweet potato fries were overcooked and too stringy so I only ate three of them and didn't finish the rest. My peanut butter chocolate shake was $4 and much too sweet. I'm a sweets fiend so if a place offers a peanut butter chocolate shake I am guaranteed going to order it. I think there was too much syrup added to my shake so there wasn't a good balance in the flavors. Sad panda.Our waiter was a really nice guy but one thing which was very odd was that in the middle of our meal he asked us a question from behind the countertop that adjoined our table. It just felt a bit rude, almost like your neighbor listening in on a private conversation and chiming in from behind a fence. I don't think he understood why that was rude, but it's something that could be fixed for future diners. Overall very good service and smiley service.I'm sure many will disagree with me about Bachi Burger, but I really, really wanted to like it! After reading all the stellar reviews I think that I just didn't order the right items for my particular palate. Maybe on my next trip to Vegas we will meet again Bachi Burger and we'll have a redo. I always believe in second chances. Yelpers obviously love you so there's got to be something that I missed during my visit!Yelp 365 Challenge: #45/365 (The High Expectations)
2	I went back and actually got pretty decent service. Although I think I'm just too white trash and not enough hipster for this sort of placeMy burger and drink ended up costing something like $19.  Ridiculous.  At Red Robin for around $12 you can get a burger, all-you-can-eat steak fries, and a drink.The fries here are little tiny shoestring things that don't taste anything like potatoes.  What's the point?  I want steak fries dammit.The bun is this weird sugary glazed dinner roll type thing.  It confuses my mouth.
4	So I had to take the boyfriend to try out these burgers (yes, they're that good). I chose a night that we weren't starving and had some patience--preparing him every step of the way to "expect bad service, honey" and "let's be as patient as possible, honey, it's worth it" and "I hope they're service is better or this is the last time!". Well, the service was MUCH better. Our waiter was attentive, quick and socially equipped. We enjoyed him ALMOST as much as the food. Our burgers were amazing, along with everything else. Happy to write a good update.
5	all yummy.
5	Out of all the gourmet burger places I have tried, this is the best burger place hands down!!!  Everything was just soo flavorful!Edamame Stir fried with Garlic, Ginger, and Chili:: overall pretty good but I prefer without the ginger (I'm not a ginger person)Truffle Parmesan Fries:: delish and it smelled sooo goodPork Belly Steamed Buns:: OH EM GEE!  it was so soft and juicy and it just melted away in my mouth.  I normally don't like to eat fat but this was soo orgasmic.Ronin Burger:: loved it!  So much flavor, it was party in my mouth!Kiki's Burger:: only took a few bites and it was good but I prefer the Ronin burgerOxtail Chili Cheese Fries::  pretty damn good.  Surprisingly the chili was good.  Huge portions!  Definitely coming back whenever I'm in Vegas.  They need to open one up in Socal!
4	Food was good. I don't like burgers but these are kind of like a upgraded fun version of the burger. Host was kind of irritated when we didn't want to sit where she wanted us to sit and told her we would like to be by the window but she was the only Debbie Downer. All the other employees were really nice.  My party ordered all buns pork, duck, short ribs everything tasted fresh.  I would go back, want to get the garlic fries and the ox tail with egg fries next time.
4	When you think Vegas strip you think good food. Now when you think of a Vegas Strip Mall you can think of Bachi Burger. Located in a strip mall off the beaten path this burger joint does something unique and special with the gourmet burger craze. The beef is Japanese as well as the interesting toppings. It's not cheap but it's also not going to leave you disappointed and still starving. The have different styles of flavored edamame that far exceed the typical steamed and salted you get everywhere else. They also have some great beers to accompany the amazing burgers and a few are from Hitachino Brewery, like the White Nest  Ale and Red Rice Ale. Check out the menu online and I bet, no Vegas pun intended, it will make you want to go.
4	YUMMM!!! What an excellent burger! I think the bun was what made it most excellent...and the delicious caramelized onions. So sweet, I didn't even add any condiments. Oh & their fries are superb as well. Truffle Fries win! The sweet potato were a close second though. So many wonderful choices...I wish I lived closer so I could try them all. I craved it the whole long drive home to LA. I'll HAVE to return. ( One gripe: The service wasn't top notch...rather slow and unorganized, but once I started eating, it didn't matter anymore.)
5	The food is ALWAYS great.Went back last week after restraining myself for MONTHS and saw a few new items.My BF tried the Manga Burger and I had the Mr. Ho's.I preferred my selection over his, but they are definitely very different!The Mr. Ho's burger is perfection, with the lapcheong (Chinese Sausage), and taro bun! That screamed greatness off the menu! The Manga has a very subtle taste,still good,  but paled in comparison to the Mr. Ho's I had that was BURSTING with flavor. They've upped the portions on the fries, and somehow I believe the Garlic Salt & Pepper fries have been improved! Unless I just hadn't had them in very long. Regardless, the flavor is always on point.We also had a chance to try their special dessert, the Grilled Mochi Sundae. We both loved it! The grilled mochi atop azuki (red bean) sauce and a scoop of green tea ice cream in the middle with matcha powder sprinkled all over! Simple, but wonderful. I can't wait to go back in a few more months and hope they have more items added on to the menu!Bachi never disappoints me.oh, and rumor has it, they may be opening another location... shhhh...
5	Had the Kiki Burger and there hand made sodas. Had a taste to you can't describe. But was just simply amazing! I will go every time I go to Vegas! You have to stop and grab a bite here. Hands down!!
5	I've come to this place several times now and I must say, I've been satisfied everytime.I'd like to think of myself as an old-fashioned burger guy or purist, meaning I like to let the burger, cheese, and ketchup do the talking.  I'm fine with lettuce, tomato, fried onions, and at times, mushrooms and bacon.  I think having too much condiments and toppings ruins or hides the real flavor of the meat and cheese.Having said that, I didn't think I would like this place too much as other burger fusion places I have tried before were just ok, but was open to trying Bachi burger out.  I have tried several of their burgers and I must say, all are good, though I have my favorites.  My favorite is the kiki burger.  I think most of their burgers at this restaurant tend to be on the sweet side.  Initially, I didn't like this burger much because of the sweetness, but when I put the aioli sauce on it, everything just came together.   The salty taste that I like came from the aioli sauce and just brought the flavoring and ingredients all together.  This burger is what I would recommend for everyone to try first.  It is not too far off the classic ingredients of a burger, I think.  Note, I'm not going to describe the burger toppings too much, as there are better reviewers before me that have described the specifics.  You can also look up the menu at bachi burgers' website The second burger on my list is the banh mi burger, which has a Vietnamese flare.  Again, their sauce just brings their fusion idea all together.  Yum Yum.  I would definitely pick this if I'm not up for the kiki burger that day.The other burgers I've tried are the Kalbi burger and Mr. Ho's burger.  These burgers are fine.  All in all, I think it just depends on what kind of fusion burger you are in the mood for during that time.  If you are wanting something with a little Vietnamese taste, go with the Banh mi burger.  If you want a hint of Korean, go with the Kalbi burger.  Others in my party have tried the American Wagyu burger and the Ronin burger.  They liked these as well. The buns on these burgers are soft and really good.  Also, I have tried the steamed sandwiches, such as the duck and pork belly sandwiches.  These are great.Their sausage appetizers are pretty good.  We order this for our little one all the time.  Their fries are awesome too, especially the truffle fries.   This place definitely has a good vibe and the waiters/waitresses are friendly.  It does get busy at times, so you may want to get their by 1130 for lunch or arrive on earlier dinner times (6??).  Whenever I have guests from out of town and are in the mood for burgers, I definitely recommend this place.  I do give them a heads up it takes a little while for the burgers to cook, so their expectations for a little wait are set.  The good thing is that they have TVs that you can watch while you wait, if you're not chatting with your friends.  It's always tuned to the cooking or food channel, so there's a chance you will get hungrier, while you wait.  It makes the food even better when it arrives and you take your first bites.  So far, I think everyone leaves satisfied and happy like I am.
5	Seriously the best burger I have ever tasted. We were in Vegas for my daughter's wedding and stopped here after reading the reviews prior to heading to the airport.  I had the Kiki and my husband had the Ronin. The high quality beef combined with the unusual Asian flair was just superb. The Parmesan truffle fries were very good as well. The customer service was great; however, we were there before the dinner crowd. Apparently they are opening a new restaurant in Summerlin; with any luck they will expand to Southern California!
4	Whenever you hear about "high end" burger joints you always have to wonder what and how they are going to be. Usually I think of In-n-Out or maybe Five Guys for a good burger, but now you can go and get a restaurant style burger for like $10-15. Bachi Burger is a joint like that where they throw the asian flair onto their burger in a fusion manner. I was a bit skeptical when I saw some of the items on the menu but when you try them out the flavor combinations turn out to be very good.First we started with the oxtail chili fries - now for me oxtail is one of the best things ever, and when you combine it into a chili and then top it on top of fries with a sunny side up egg, you got a winner. It is definitely enough to share as an appetizer - we did for 4 people - and everyone got a taste of the flavor explosion.Now there are way too many burgers to choose from, so our group of 4 decided to pick 4 different burgers so that we could all taste a little of each one.  We sampled the Ronin, Kalbi Burger, Spicy Miso Burger, and the Crab burger. We got all of the burgers medium rare (which is much better than the recommended medium) as the quality of the meat was actually very good. Overall, every burger had its own unique flavor combination and each of them I would have been happy with getting, but I was glad to share and try each one of them out. The Ronin had a japanese flavor to it, the kalbi as its name implies, had kimchi in the burger and actually went very well with the meat. The spicy miso was also very good and as I am a fan of shishito peppers chose this burger - it definitely was not "spicy" as the name implies and could have used something to give it more of a kick. The special burger of the night was the crab burger that added a crabcake on top of the burger which in itself was quite delicious.Overall, a very good "high-end" burger restaurant and I would like to go back and try some of their other flavors of burgers.
4	Love this place! I'm not a huge hamburger fan, but I appreciate a good burger every once in awhile. My first go around here I tried the garlic & chili edamame,  which I now get every visit, and for awhile I kept getting the lonely bird, which is a really good alternative to red meat if you are trying to stay a little health conscious. So I strayed from the bird and got the Kiki burger, wow it's so tasty, the different flavors in combination together give this burger 5 stars. I love french fries so I have to try all the different options, I have to say the sweet potato fries are my favorite and I like to dip them in the pineapple ketchup. I love boba tea so I usually get the milk tea or the taro boba for dessert. Only downer about this place is we usually have to wait for a table, they should add some more tables, service has always been good.
4	It good. I like a lot. Just ate a ronin burger with parm truffle fries on side. Soothes your deep inner yearnings. Stomach is smiling.
4	I love this place. I would recommend the kiki burger with truffle fries and  extra dipping sauce.
1	wendys makes a better burger. they try to had to be different. had a mr.ho's burger and it the only way i can describe the way it taste was like breakfast food gone bad and had some weird cinnamon after taste . also had the ronin burger not as bad but still not good. who puts arugala on a buger?the service blows btw had to wait twenty min. for a check,( and not impatient costumer time) was just disappointing  i had heard many good things
5	One of my favorite restaurants! Pretty pricey but worth it. I only wish that it was closer to where I lived so that I could frequent this place more often. I haven't been here in awhile but I'm sure it's still as delicious as ever.My favorites include: Apple Lychee or Yuzu Cherry Soda, Chicken Karaage, Sausages, Truffle Parmesan Fries, and the Edamame. As for the burgers, I always get the Bachi Burger but I've tried the Kiki's and Kalbi and they are all very appetizing.
4	LALALALALOVE this place. Definitely a must-try spot, but it kinda is pricy.  Bomb service, bomb food, bomb drinks, bomb fries , what more can you ask for right ? My favorite is the Kiki's burger, no matter what , i can never get sick of it.  oh and the must-try fries are the peppered fries or something like that. and always ask for extra sauce, cause TRUST ME, you'll never have enough of it (: oh and their specialty sodas are really good, theyre worth the try and the money. definitely recommend to check this place out (:
4	My only update from before is that the Kiki has toppled the Ronin as my favorite burger!
5	I love Bachi..all burgers have their own unique taste Oxtail chili cheese fries and sweet potato fries is really good too.
5	Move over Zippy's...  Bachi Burger is insane!  Read so much about it, finally getting a chance to try.  Called in an order, added to it and then a delayed shuttle ride finally got me there.  In my hurried pick up, a Big Thanks to Ehren, co-owner for the quick pic with Monkey... Monkey do:BANH MI BURGER - Delicious, satisfying, crazy flavor of vietnamese sandwich combined with the best quality meat you could possibly have.  Sampling only half was out of the question tonight.  OXTAIL CHILI CHEESE FRIES - Nice twist on the classic with quality meat, fried egg and a little kick.Gah!  Forgot the TARO BOBA!  No worries.  Coma coming, no room for anything else.
4	Bachi, you had me at Oxtail Chili fries.  With Egg.  WHAaaaT!?  I read on the menu and find Wagyu Shortrib Baos, yum.  OMG, then come the burger choices.  The following jump out at me:-  "Banh Mi Burger" (Angus Beef, Pork, Shrimp and Pork Pate) -  the Kalbi burger (Angus beef, Kalbi Marinade and KimChee)- "Shogun" (Wagyu Beef, Unagi, Foie Gras)I feel like if I was telling you this review out loud, my voice would be an octave higher.  Even I am a little annoyed by my own high-pitched excitement (lol) and lack of more intelligent words but Its been a while (if ever) when I looked at a menu and I wanted to try 4-5 items equally - so this was how it felt to be happy and confused at the same time!In the end I got the Kiki's burger (which was awesome) and I got to try a bite (or two or three) out of everyone's plate from our party of 4.  The duck, pork belly and shortrib baos were delish.  Damn, everything was good.For you Vegas visitors, know that this is off the strip - but so well worth the trip!  Will definitely come back.
5	Hamburgers with an Asian inspiration?  Sounds weird- tastes great!
4	Burgers were good and cooked to our liking. It was interesting to try new flavors on a burger. The BBQ burger happens to be the traditional burger (no bbq sauce added). Customer service was OK. I had coffee to drink but it tasted as if it were sitting in the pot for hours.
1	Was in town and was recommended to this place. I was with a party of 6 and the place was not very busy. We were never greeted or told how long the wait was for the next table. There was an abundance of seats so I wasn't concerned with the wait. We had prompted several servers numerous times with no acknowledgment. We then approached the server with the hope of getting seated. They seemed completely oblivious to our presence. I would have liked to have tried their burgers especially after reading all the great reviews. Unfortunately they failed miserably. I would like to have given them the benefit of the doubt but there was simply no excuse for the lack of service.
4	If you want a good, interesting burger in Las Vegas... this is the place.  Good, crispy fries (including sweet potato and oxtail chili!)  The burgers are nuts-- the Bahn Mi and Kalbi burgers are my favorites.  Haven't tried the "wagyu and foie gras" burger yet.OK, here comes the maybe-not-so-good stuff.  It's kind of a strip mall feeling.  Because it's in a strip mall.  And... the meat isn't the best burger meat I've ever had.  Kind of tastes frozen... or just CAFO-beefy.  Not bad, but not particularly beefy. They definitely focus on dressing up the average burger meat well.  But, they do that.  The burgers are great, and the beer selection's particularly good for Las Vegas, where most places seem hell-bent on serving Lite Beer or Blue Moon and that's all.Worth a drive and a bit of a search to find if you're anywhere near there.
4	Finally tried it after hearing all the hype! Now if it was just food im rating then it would be 6 stars all the way! I dont think it would of mattered what burger you ordered because of our party of six, we all ordered different burgers and each different burger was as flavorful as the next! Pricewise I think is just a bit high to the point that I would only eat here once in a while. Depending on when you go, you might run into some ridiculous wait times which equals to ridiculous service times. When you do sit down, hopefully you took advantage of the your wait time by going over the menu and are ready with your order. So as soon as you sit down, put your order in and I recommend getting appetizers because those dont take as long to make! That is why they didnt get that 5th star from me. I can understand their burgers are made to order but from the time our order was placed until we got our food was about 30 mins. Our appetizers, (we ordered 3 different types of fries, one being the oxtail fries was bomb!). By the time our burgers showed up, I was literally licking my empty plate of oxtail fries cuz it took so long! Overall, I had a decent experience because we went on a late wednesday night. The 4 out of our group of six have been there at least a couple times and they have told me they waited about 45 mins to an hour just to get seated those times.
5	Amazing burgers, that were both cooked and seasoned perfectly. The prices were a little bit on the expensive side for a burger, but it is not too much more than you would pay for a burger at any other sit down restaurant. The one area where they excel over other places is that they cook the burgers to your liking, but also have other foods that most sit down burger places wouldn't off. Additionally they have some incredible in house fruit flavored sodas.The feel is not too bad, but it would be way better if it was located elsewhere, and not in a strip mall.
4	This place is awesome..! it never fails when i always come here. very helpful employees, they no what there talking about.. The last burger i had it was called MR.HO's burger consist of angus beef, cilantro, lup cheong, sauteed mushrooms on a taro bun..yuummmyy..!!
5	I'm not big on hamburgers only because I think of fast food when I eat them and how unhealthy it is...BUT this place is freaking amazing. They use 100% Angus beef, super fresh, the sweet potato fries with the ketchup-hawaiian dressing is awesome. I highly recommend this place! It's not cheap but for the quality of food that they serve there, definitely worth every penny :)!
5	If you live in Vegas, you NEED to come here (and damn you for being so lucky!).  If you're visiting Vegas, you NEED to come here.  It's seriously worth the little distance you drive from the strip.  And if you don't have a car, CAB it here, it's worth it, I promise!!!BH took me here because we needed a break from all the celeb chef restaurants on the strip and wanted something a little more low key with dishes at reasonable prices.  What I did not expect was that the food would be as good as the $$$$ restaurants with a $$ price!!  The restaurant is very clean, spacious, and nicely decorated.  The waitress we had was very helpful and awesome.  We sat down and perused the menu, and we immediately spotted about 10 things we wanted.  We whittled the list down to a mere 5 dishes. . .the foie gras appetizer, the oxtail chili cheese fries, the kiki burger for BH, the Ronin burger for me, and a side of truffle parmesan fries. We finished it ALL.The foie gras appetizer is only $12.50 and comes with salty mushrooms, sweet golden raisins, a beautiful reduction sauce and plump, juicy figs.  The foie gras was seared perfectly so it was crisp on the outside and soft and luscious inside.  Each bite rendered pockets of fragrant fat to explode in my mouth and coupled with the sweet raisins and juicy fig, I was on cloud 9.  The pieces of foie gras were also quite big. . .and for $12.50 I thought it was a steal! The oxtail chili cheese fries were my next favorite. . .though it came a VERY close second to the foie gras.  The fries were golden and crispy, and very soft and fluffy on the inside.  The oxtail was so tender and almost melted in my mouth.  I don't like beans in my chili but I did not mind the beans in this chili.  It gave it a nice, creamy texture to the crunchy fries that was different from the gooey cheese.  The jalapenos were crisp and gave each bite a little heat, which offset the slightly sweet and salty chili, and the cilantro kept my mouth feeling fresh and clean.  Oh god, it was pure heaven. . .BH and I cleaned the plate and eagerly awaited our burgers.BH's Kiki burger was pretty good.  I am not a big fan of mushrooms but his was very flavorful, the meat was perfectly cooked (we ordered medium rare. . .the meat was browned on the outside and pink THROUGHOUT the entire patty!) the bacon strips were candied, sweet, and chewy, and the bun was soft and pillowy.  BH commented that the bread reminded him of cha shu bao - asian style where it's very light and fluffy, golden brown on top and just a tad sweet.  I agreed and felt the bun really made their burgers.My Ronin burger was just okay.  I was a little disappointed that it lacked a bit of flavor, imo, but I think it may have been because I had foie gras and oxtail chili cheese fries before the Ronin, so my palate might've been built up to expect something more. However, I think if they put bacon in the Ronin, it'd made it even better than it already is.  But I think if I had the Ronin without all the luscious apps, I would've thought it was perfect.  The meat, like the KiKi, was cooked medium rare, it was juicy with the soft, golden bun and the fried egg. . .it was a true delight to eat.  BH and I could tell they also put a lot of thought and time into their sauces, which came out very interesting and paired well with the burgers and fries.The truffle parmesan fries were really good as well.  Like the oxtail french fries, they were crisp, golden brown, and had a nice, subtle flavor of white truffle with a bit of tangy parmesan.  It went with our burgers quite well.I was so impressed with the meal, I flagged down our waitress and begged her to talk to the owner so they could open a Bachi in LA.  She said the owner is in the works and is hopefully opening one by the end of next year!  I nearly jumped for joy.  She also mentioned that the chef/owner used to work at Roy's Hawaiian and just started Bachi.  They plan on opening a ramen house in a few months, also in Vegas.  Ramen is abundant in LA, but I feel we have a lack of great burgers, especially Asian fusion burgers.  Overall, I felt the burgers were like a combo of Umami (in terms of creativity and presentation) + Bun Bun (for the Asian- fusion style flavor).  Bot Bachi blows both out of the water. . .by far. The bill was just a little under $50.  BH exclaimed that it "wasn't right" because he felt he was somehow cheating them.  $50 for 5 dishes. . .each made with such precision and skill as a $$$$ restaurant???  It was the best meal EVER.  I understand prices in LA might be a bit more, but I don't care.  I just want my Bachi!!!
4	Cool burgers, mucho flavor
5	What a wonderful restaurant.  My friend and I have been hearing so many wonderful things about this place so two nights ago we stopped in.  We shared the sweet potato fries as an appetizer.  I for sure give that a 5 star.  He had the regular burger cooked to his liking and said it was truly the best he has had.   I tried the  veggie burger.  All I have to say it was the best veggie burger I have ever had.   And let me tell you I have had many!!!!  Mushrooms, tofu, cilantro, greens and much more.   The prices are right and the food is amazing.   Our server Tammy is one of the best I have every had and managed.  She knew the menu, she was funny, nice and attentive.  I want her to work for me.
5	An asian take on an american classic, Bachi Burger impresses.Don't let the outside look of this place fool you, they make some pretty good food. The burgers were all cooked well and the asian twist behind everything was surprisingly amazing. Some of the burgers I tried were the Banh Mi, the Kalbi, and the Kiki. The Kalbi was by far my favorite out of the three, it has kimchi which was a great substitution to lettuce.We also ordered their oxtail chili cheese fries, the Bachi pickles, sweet potato fries and their salt and pepper garlic  french fries. The oxtail fries was the only thing that I wouldn't order again. Everything else was delicious, you have to try the salt and pepper garlic fries, I couldn't stop eating them.Overall this place is worth the trip if you're a local. If your a tourist and want to venture into some of the local eateries this place will fulfill your need.
4	If your from the Washington DC area and like Ray's Hell Burger you would like this place. Its like an asian fusion burger place. I had the Kiki burger and some parmesean truffle fries. Both were good.
5	I am not really  burger guy, but this place makes the most delicious burgers! Go early or late (open till midnight) cause it does get busy and as per every American restaurant they will take your empty plate away asap (Europeans hate that, wait untill everyone is finished cause we wont leave quicker anyway). I ordered the Ronin burger, honey had the Kiki burger, we also ordered pepper-salt-garlic fries (very good) and a fois grass appetizer (nice presentation). The buns were soft, caramelized onions were sweet, Angus beef was cooked perfectly and the sauce on it was special. They have a lot of great soda drinks too. Felix the waiter knew his menu and was very helpful in helping us to select. We'll be back but not too soon cause my calorie intake yesterday was a bit too high!
5	ATTENTION!.... Bachi Burger is one of Vegas's best kept secretsI bring all of my visiting friends here, they leave super jealous that they don't have one in their city. We love that they do something different, each item is very unique and creative. You wouldn't think that the flavors would mesh so well but man do they!Here is my MUST try list:Oxtail Chilli Cheese FriesSpicy Miso BurgerTruffle Parmesan FriesChili Fried ChickenBlack & Green BurgerGinger Chili EdamameStrawberry Jasmine LemonadeEven if you aren't a big fan of Asian fusion, its hard to deny a good burger and fries.
5	Wow, Bachi Burger does everything right. Asian fusion meets the bun and holy shit does it ever fucking work. My only gripe? Bachi Burger needs a location in LA! Seriously, this place puts all the other burger joints to shame. I mean, this is what Umami Burger should be doing. Bachi Burger is located 5 miles to the southeast of the Strip in a non-descript shopping center. Being the noObs that we were, the wife and I could not figure out which side the entrance was located at (it's on the north side by the way). Once we entered we were lucky enough to be seated because this place was fucking packed. After perusing Yelp reviews, we decided to order the famous oxtail chili cheese fries. All I have to say is thank you Yelp for recommending the oxtail chili cheese fries because they were amazing. The chef is Japanese Hawaiian and the minute you see the fries you will see the Hawaiian influence because there was a perfectly cooked fried egg on top! The portion of the fries was huge. As an appetizer, it could easily be shared with 4 people. Aside from the egg and fries, it consisted of tender oxtail meat, cheese, scallions, jalapenos, sriracha mayo, garlic aioli, chili, and beans. I mean the combination of these ingredients was simply bliss. My wife and I hardly spoke because we were devouring the mountain of fries like fucking barbarians. As for the burgers, my wife had the Kiki Burger and I had the Miyagi Burger. The Kiki Burger was really something. Thick and juicy Angus beef, three different types of mushrooms, caramelized bacon, gruyere cheese, and a sriracha-mayo sauce... oh heaven! As for my Miyagi Burger, it consisted of thick and juicy wagyu meat with furikake (nori flakes), caramelized bacon, crispy onion rings, fried egg and mayo. It was good... a little on the sweet side... let' just say that I liked my wife's burger a little better. Also, if you aren't into fusion burgers, they have a regular Angus burger that you can customize. So, we were unable to finish our meal. Too much fucking food. I can't remember the last time I went to a gourmet burger joint and was unable to finish my burger. I think my only suggestion for Bachi Burger is that they should offer a sampler platter because they have so many unique burgers and it was a shame that I couldn't try more. Bachi, I fucking heart you. *One thing my wife and I noticed was that  a requisite to work here is that you need to be Asian with arm tattoos. But don't let the tats scare you because the servers are super sweet like ramune.
5	Flat out my favorite burger spot!  I didn't even used to eat burgers until this place entered my life.
4	I Recommend: Pork buns! Kimchi burger! Their beers and wine! I Con: I wasn't very fond of the Duck buns and the Bahn mi burger because the flavors didn't work for me. I feel that duck needs to be cooked perfectly or else it has a strong flavor that lingers in an unwelcoming way. The Bahn mi burger didn't taste anything like bahn mi and didn't represent the Vietnamese cuisine as well.Overall, this burger joint is a must eat in Vegas!
2	Went here during lunch, just to check out the hype of this location but it was a huge disappointment.Ordered the Miyagi and kiki burger with truffle fries.  Truffle fries were a big let down, a bit soft and the aroma was not there.  The ones at Noras was way better, it was the type of fries that you didn't want to stop eating.The Miyagi burger suppose to be wagyu Kobe beef, cooked medium rare, but the tempura battered onion rings were luke warm to cold, and with a burger that is the last thing I was expecting.  Drenched in sauces which was not necessary.  Took a bite of just the beef patty alone, flavorless... It didn't have the sweetness in wagyu beef that melts in your mouth.  The Kiki burger Kobe beef, medium rare, too much sauce, flavorless beef...  At the end I talked to the manager about some of the issues because the server did not believe my comments, realized I was correct and,manager apologized... Good save by the manager... Overall drenching a burger in Japanese sauces doesn't constitute Japanese style burgers when the most important beef is not promoted as the main flavor of the burger...
5	Normally I hate the words "Asian Fusion" but the sample size of various Asian cuisines is large and authentic enough not to butcher various cultures. I'm a fan. Easily the best (flavor : price) burger place in Vegas.Burgers: So far I've tried the Miyagi, Kalbi, and Bahn-Mi burgers. And for the most part, flavor profiles are retained throughout the various cuisines. The Kalbi burger evokes Korean BBQ and Kimchi, and the Bahn-Mi burger tastes like the sandwich. What makes the burger special, however, is the texture profile. Unlike Umami burger, there is a light crunch on the outside due to a combination of caramelization and maillard, the same found on top-end steaks. Doneness is perfect and the burger balances texture and moisture, rather than having the patty soak into the bun.Fries: Salt & Pepper fries. Delicious. Reminds me of Filipino/Vietnamese flavors (ingredient hint there).
5	The Best Burger joint in Vegas!!! This place was such a treat for my friends and I. And for the first time experience a burger place with an Asian taste! My ordered was Peking style Duck steamed buns, Mr HO's burger and Truffle Fries. We couldn't resist ordering Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries after seeing the table next to us ordering it. By far one of the most flavorful burger experience!!! I can't wait to come back to Vegas and have lunch here again!!!
5	This place definitely deserves 5 stars.I ordered the Kiki burger along with the salt and pepper garlic fries. Let me tell you, that burger was no let down. The meat was thick and juicy. They ask you how you want it done, and I got mine medium. The mushrooms were awesome. Those fries were DELICIOUS. My burger and fries both came with a side of sauce. I don't remember what sauce it was, but boy did it compliment that burger and fries.  The burger might not look big, but it sure is filling.Along with the burger and fries I ordered an almond milk tea with boba, and I should know better than to order boba from a burger place. The almond did not have much flavor, and the boba was bland as well.The waiters were friendly, nice, and patient. If I come back to Vegas I'd definitely eat there again.
5	This place rocks!   My dad lives in Vegas and this place is right down the block.  This is now a must stop every trip!  We split the black and green burger and the wagyu burger. The black and green burger has bleu cheese, roasted garlic, bacon, mushrooms and spinach.  The wagyu burger has a fried egg, crispy onions, caramelized bacon, and chili mayo.  Both were awesome, but I give it to the wagyu burger.  The fried egg pushed it over the top.  Both burgers were cooked perfect.We also ordered the salt pepper garlic fries, Truffle Parmesan fries, and sweet potato fries.  I would say the Truffle fries are best without the sun dried tomato sauce they provide and the garlic fries were best with the garlic chili sauce.  I give the garlic fries the edge as the truffle fries needed more truffle oil on them.  The sweet potato fries were good, but I am not really a fan of sweet potato fries.  If you like them, these are great.This place is great and I would drive out of my way to get my hands on these burgers.  Bravo Bachi Burger, keep cooking!
5	Boba and burgers... what can be better than this!It covers all the bases when it comes to Asian food. Finding a place like this in Vegas... money. The Wagyu Beef Burger (Miyagi) has a very nice, sweet crunchy crust on the patty. The Ronin burger on the other hand, has a softer, melt in your mouth angus patty. It also contrasts the sweetness of the sauce with something else (something i couldn't figure out because i ate it too quickly) sour.It's not just about the burgers for me though, not like Umami burger in LA. It's about the entire experience. The fries... the fries. I believe it's the garlic fries, but it is tasty. It emanates a slight bit of heat from the peppers. The fries also seemed to be cooked with some fish oil, which makes for an interesting flavor combination with the sauce.And finally, the boba. Chewy, and simple.5 starsAlmost forgot... get the portuguese donuts.
5	Sooo good!! I get the veggie burger or the fish sandwich. Both are so delicious. Also try to fries with the sun dried tomato dip--so yummy!
3	I went a few weeks ago with some friends . Only reason I am going with 3 stars is they had really good burgers , loved the fries but my burger was not so hot. Otherwise it would have gotten a 4 or 5 star. I got the Kiki burger . We were told the chef prefers medium which I went yay its what I prefer. So I got mine medium and the guys got theirs medium rare and medium. Let me warn you. Medium is not or at least for the person cooking that night a light pink. It was a lot closer to medium rare. Almost redish pink all the way through. I couldn't wait to try it since I adore mushrooms and a good mushroom burger. Its one of my favorite three things in the world to eat. My friend ate here all the time and just raved about it so I figured it had to be good. When I cut the burger in half to start eating it I took a bite and went omg I can't eat it, it tastes almost raw. We called the server over told them it was to rare and found out that's what was considered medium here. So I asked for a medium well. While the guys ate their burgers. (both graciously offered to wait for mine to be made which I said no eat) I munched on the fries we ordered. Sweet potato fries probably one of the two best I have ever had. Yummy dipping sauce, crunchy on the outside and creamy middle. The truffle fries .... all I can say is so good and addictive. Salt and Pepper ate one but had to stop due to the peppers on it. :(  After a few minutes my burger came back out and much to my shock it was the same burger cut in half with a bite missing where I had taken a bite. Not wanting to cause issues I shrugged and ate it. Now i am sure had it not been cut in half it would have been wonderful (and less icky thinking of it going back on the grill and back onto my plate) not just good. Anyone who cooks knows you can't cut open a piece of meat and re-grill it without losing most of it juiciness. My friend had the Mister Ho and the other had the Miyagisan. Both looked really good and had rave reviews from them. I will end up going back to try once more. Hoping it is better next time.
5	ZOOOOOOOOOOOMG FOOD IS SO BOMB! best burger ive ever had.......... sometimes the service and kitchen lag quite some time, but totally worth it! no lie. i want one, now!
5	Amazing burgers!  I love this place!  It was recommended by several friends, so I came here with my family, and it is possibly one of the best local burger joints in town.  Not to mention the homemade sodas.  Mmmmm!We pigged out and order the kiki, fish, and kalbi burger along with sweet potato fries, truffle fries, Peking duck rolls, and finished off with Portuguese doughnuts.The short review:Get the fish burger, sweet potato fries, and a Cherry Yuzu soda.  The fish is rich and just as good as a beef burger.  The sweetness in the fries pair off really well with the bitterness of the Cherry Yuzu.The longer review: The kalbi burger is really good, but also really sweet.  The first bites are tasty, but then my tongue got a little sick of the sweet meat.  Surprisingly, the kimchi on the burger wasn't overpowering.The truffle fries are cooked just as well as the sweet potato fries: crispy yet fluffy.  The truffle gave it a richness that contrasted with the Parmesan shavings.  But, the truffle is only at the top, so everything under the first layer are regular fries.I wasn't too big on the doughnuts only because I am not a fan of cinnamon, and the accompanying ice cream for the doughnuts were loaded with cinnamon flecks.  Loaded!  The atmosphere is really hipster.  The servers are young and relaxed.  The decoration is modern with an Asian theme, but still reminds me of a local coffee shop in Seattle.    Overall, the food focuses on contrasting flavors that complement which was done really well.  The quality is very high, and the atmosphere is awesome.
4	Really good food. Great service. I think I'll try something else next time, but the Kiki was really good.
5	OMG!!! L-O-V-E the burgers, I've only been once as I am from out of town, but I must say I will visit prolly every time I'm in Vegas!!! My partner in crime had the Spicy Miso Burger and his burger was absolutely delish! I had a bbq sauce type burger and it was pretty good but I have to admit not as delish in my opinion as the Spicy Miso...only because the Spicy Miso is super duper flavorful with lots of punch.  The fries we had the parmesan truffle fries and jalapeno fries, Yum again!!
5	I finally got to try this place after hearing my friends rave nonstop about it.  And to do it right -- it was the last stop during my most recent Vegas trip!The restaurant is super easy to find.  The decor is nice; you don't feel like you have to be fancy.  Great place for the family and seems accommodating for big groups.  Our server was great -- he gave excellent recommendations.  There was no wait, but I could only imagine.  We ordered the truffle parmesan fries, miyagi-san grass fed wagyu burger, no meat here burger, and a red velvet shake.  So juicy, lots of flavor.  I loved everything, except the red velvet shake could have been sweeter in my opinion.  But I have many sweet teeth, not just a sweet tooth =) I wanted the burger as rare as I could get it --- and that is what I got.  I left happy and definitely tummmy stuffed! I can't wait to try everything on the menu.....especially dessert.  I'll make sure to save room next time!
5	Great Burger place for foodies!!!My friend who lives in Vegas brought me here last weekend and I could not have chosen a better lunch spot. After a few days of all you can eat buffets and high priced restaurants, Bachi Burger was a very nice change of pace. I heard this was the best burger place in Vegas. I knew I had to try it. Here's my take:What I recommend: If you love blue cheese as much as I do, go with the Black & Green. I have no idea why they don't call it the Black & Blue. I ordered medium rare and it was delicious! It's a great burger. The burger patty if flavorful in itself, but with the mushrooms, bacon and spinach- I enjoyed it very much. One thing that I really liked about the Black & Blue is that the burger is not overwhelmed with the blue cheese. I would say it's in every other bite. Pretty smart if you ask me. Be sure to get the Parmesan garlic fries. Wash it down with a good beer. You'll be glad you did. If blue cheese is not for you, try the kiki burger. Different cheese, different tastes, but equally amazing.
5	*drools*Absolutely loved this place! Came here once while in Vegas and I'm so glad we came here. We were staying on the strip, but we had a rental car, so we drove here.I ordered the black and green burger with salt and pepper garlic fries and momotaro soda.The burger: Absolutely delicious and very very filing. The patty was pretty thick and had a lot of flavor in it. What made it really filling were the mushroom, bacon, and blue cheese. When you throw all of this, it makes for a really great burger, but do make sure to try it while on an empty stomach!Fries: The fries was very good. Crispy and had the right amount of flavourings. However, do make sure to share it because the portion is meant to be shared.Momotaro soda: First time I've tried peach and strawberry soda. I tasted a lot of peach, but not a lot of strawberry, but I'm not complaining.Price and value: For burgers, they're pretty expensive at first glance, but once you factor in the stuff they put in, it makes sense and the quality of the ingredients are high, so I'm not complaining.
4	Again a solid meal last nite. Me and my date ordered the pickled veggies, salt & pepper fries, truffle fries, Kiki and Mr. Ho. She loved the Kiki and truffle fries, but wasn't used to the medium rare flavor of beef-pork patty in the Mr. Ho. Service was attentive.
5	Second day in Vegas, my friends wanted me to try this place out as they've been craving this place since their last visit to the Sin City a few months ago and I'm glad they introduce this place to me as now as I'm craving it. I got "The Lonely Bird" burger and my boyfriend got the "Miyagi-San Grass Fed Wagyu" burger and both were is freaking delicious, good thing we split our  1/2 and  1/2 so we got to try each other's' burgers. Hands down these two burgers were the best I've ever eaten! "The  Lonely Bird'' had a hint of sweetness and the pesto sauce was to die for, totally worked well together. The "Miyagi-San Grass Fed Wagyu" burger was just so juicy and again they flavors just all worked well together.We all shared an order of their famous Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and although it was good, I would have liked it better if there were more oxtail in the dish. I think I would do without the oxtail fries next time and just get their other stuff but  I cannot wait to come back and try other items on their menu.
3	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (7 of 365)I can't say this place is really good; and I can't say this place is really bad either.  I came here craving a burger, but I must have come here craving an ultimate American burger so you can imagine my disappointment when I saw the menu.  It was my mistake for not Yelping this place first and adjusting my taste buds to anticipate an Asian style fusion burger.  I'm sure if I was looking for one, this would be the right place to be.1 star = for the Oxtail chili cheese fries.  These were yummy but I do wish for a little more Oxtail!2 stars =  for the customer service.  The waiter was really patient with me as I figured out what the heck I was going to order from the extensive menu of items with super long descriptions that only confused me!  I couldn't figure out just by reading the description what I would like! It was really frustrating!3 stars = for the Truffle Parmesan fries; you can never go wrong with Truffle oil right?To be safe from too many Asian flavors, I ordered Kiki's burger.  It was OK.  There was too much going on for me with everything that was in it.  The flavors just didn't seem to mesh well.I do plan on coming back here again to check out their steamed buns and to have some more yummy Oxtail fries.  I might even try the burgers again knowing what I'm getting myself into....Asian fusion burgers.  I do recommend this place though.  It  is definitely an experience you don't want to miss out on.
4	Wow!  That pretty much summed it up!  Kiki burger, steamed pork belly and fries topped with a mushroom puree....all were wonderful!I will definitely be back!
4	this place is great!Stick with the burgers.  We tried the sausage plate and hot dog and neither were that exciting.I love the duck and pork belly baos.  I would have liked to try the short rib one but they told me they took it off the menu.  The Banh mi burger was also very good.I would love to give this place 5 starts bu the location is not great for people staying on the Strip--about $20 cab each way from Mandalay, which basically doubles the price of anything on the menu.  5starts is you have your own ride but not worth the cab ride.  Please open a location on the Strip!  Please!!
5	Wagyu + foie gras = heaven!My hubby and I came here because our friend raved about the banh mi burger, but I zeroed in on their daily special: foie gras. Foie gras? At a burger place? It was a sign that this place was going to be GOOD. =)The restaurant isn't that big, so there's probably a wait around lunch (we got there around 2PM). The menu consisted of tons of gourmet burgers and appetizers. It was hard not ordering the whole menu.Of course, I went for their foie gras appetizer first. There were only a few left! Luckily, my order was put in on time to get one. I would of jumped whoever took the last one away from me! It was prepared like any fine dining establishment would do it. And for only $12!! What a steal!It took me a while to decide what burger to try. Everything sounded so good! After much debate I went for the Kiki burger but switched the angus patty with a wagyu patty. It had a mix of sauteed mushrooms, sweet onion marmalade, caramelized bacon, gruyere cheese and a chili aioli. The patty was super moist and tender and all the ingredients went together great. The bun was soft and absorbed the yummy juices coming from the patty. Definitely one of the best burgers I've ever had. This place is off the strip, so it's a nice change of pace from the chaos there. This is definitely a place I need to hit up every time I come to Vegas.
4	I'm becoming a bit of a regular here, the service and the food are top notch! Try the Ronin or the Spicy Miso Burger.
4	Was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food with a spin focused on asian influences.  I would definitely return.
5	Hands down my FAVORITE burger place in Vegas and ever! My coworkers and I go weekly. I alternate between a burger and Bachi fish. Salt & pepper fries are the best ones! Stir fried edamame is the best of those.
5	Ohhh goodness. My boyfriend has a timeshare in Las Vegas right down the street from Bachi Burger. Everytime we go, we devastate this place.The burgers are gourmet, Japanese fusion burgers, but so delicious! First off, their quality of meat is great. The ground beef is very tender and juicy, not dry at all. They also offer so many choices of burgers that are so interesting! -If you really want to splurge, try the Shogun burger. It's the best burger I've ever had, hands down.-Miyagi-san is definitely the best burger if you don't want to take risks. It's not bad, it's a GREAT burger! But if you're not feeling some of that fusion stuff.-The Ronin Burger was awesome. It had so many layers of taste; my friends and I decided that it tastes somewhat like a sushi roll. Sounds weird, but it's really goooood.-Kiki burger is a really good mushroom burger!-Their oxtail chili cheese fries were HUGE. And delicious! However, like everyone else, I do wish for a bit more oxtail in it. But nonetheless, bomb.-Their truffle fries are amazing too! Definitely my favorite truffle fries I've had yet. Not dry at all! Crispy and moist.-Mr. Ho burger. If you like sweet taro bun and pork sausage, try it. It's a bit on the Chinese bun side, it was very interesting, but I couldn't finish it because it was a bit sweet for a burger.Never had Umami Burger, but my friends at the table are quite the foodies and had quite of a bit of Umami Burger... Bachi blows Umami right out of the water.Prices are around $9-$15 per burger (except the Shogun, that one is $25), but the burgers are HUGE. Eating just the burger alone, you'll be stuffed. Thick patties, fat bun. No skimping here.Damn, now I'm hungry talking about all this food.5 stars!
4	I love goin to Bachi Burger. I always get the Ronin burger or kiki burger. My friends and I always go there for lunch or for a gathering. The taste of the burger is juicy and to die for. I mean c'mon, who wouldn't want to try a fried egg on their burger? yum!! :) I also tried their lychee apple soda, it is sweet, refreshing, and delish!!
5	The Mr. Miyagi was a great combination of flavors and textures...plus Karate Kid was just on TV a few days ago!
2	EDIT: The manager of Bachi Burger contacted me with his concerns, and since I've had both HORRIBLE experiences with backlash for negative reviews, and decent ones, I MUST add this to my review: ***Because of how professionally it was handled and how polite the message was, if I was back in this area, I would likely give this place another try and just order different things. Management with excellent customer service skills? Good job.Wow... I can't express the disappointment that myself and my friends experienced at this place. It should also be stated that I KNEW I was walking into a fusion restaurant, and I was expecting a different take on burgers - but I wasn't expecting a sugar rush or an upset too-much-sweets stomach from a burger for lunch.We arrived for lunch, having driven quite a ways away from the strip (which is FINE if you want to drive; we didn't mind at the time. But if you're looking for a good burger and you're visiting Las Vegas, staying on the strip? Just eat somewhere down there, really), and we were starving. This place busy, but not full; having said that, it took quite a bit of time to get seated in comparison to other restaurants that were just as busy during our trip, and yet seated us sooner. When we were seated, it then took quite a while for someone to pay attention to us long enough to take our order - they seemed very impatient and annoyed with questions about the menu, or any of the three of us being indecisive. They were very much non-engaging, as well, if that makes sense - it didn't feel as though they gave a hoot whatsoever that we were there, spending our money at their business.The items that we all settled on:Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns - These were the only thing I really liked about the meal. They were a new, interesting version of steamed buns; since I'm in LOVE with steamed buns and any form of dim sum, I liked the different take on this dish.Spicy Miso BurgerBlack and Green BurgerKiki's Burger - this is what I ordered. I can honestly say that, along with the other people at my table, all I remember was how OVER POWERINGLY SWEET THIS THING WAS. Seriously. Sure, it was juicy and tender meat, but you couldn't even taste the meat itself because it was drenched in whatever marinade/sauce they use. For being told this was THE place to go for excellent burgers, I must say... not so excellent, unless you want a sugar high and have no interest in the burger itself. HOWEVER, the burger buns were divine and fluffy. Very nice touch, but would have been a nicer touch on a burger worth eating. If their quality of meat is sooooo great and wonderful, then they shouldn't hose them down with so much sauce that they kill the flavor of such "quality" meat.Truffle Parmesan Fries - these were so unimpressive. It tasted like they took powdered brown mushroom gravy out of a packet, is the comment my partner said. On top of that, the overly sweetened mush burgers were enough food to have just skipped the fries altogether.Taro boba was bland, I've definitely had better for a lesser price; my partner remarked that the thai tea was kind of dull, too.We had a few other things, but I don't recall EVERYTHING that was on our table... none of it was good enough to really remember, except for the neat steamed "buns" and how fluffy the burger buns were.In the end, our incredibly disappointing experience came out to $70-ish, and it should have been under $50 for what we felt we got out of it. The whole place seemed pretentious and snooty, especially for a restaurant specializing in burgers. The attitude (or lack of one, since they hardly cared to pay attention to us) of the service, the ridiculous marinade/sauced burger patties, and the overall disappointment is NOT worth recommending this place to others - at least, not from my point of view.To top it all off, we had reservations at a restaurant that night that we were all very excited for, but within 20 minutes of leaving, two out of three stomachs were so soured from the sugar burgers that we had to cancel our dinner plans, and actually just return to our hotel rooms for a nap!
2	Food is excellent! I love the truffle fries and the Kiki burger. Service was a little slow, I don't blame them though, they have to do everything as I was watching. I am also in the f&b business so I like to watch how everything is done. It was kinda disturbing that I could actually hear the head chef in the expo window in the background yelling at the servers. But as I said food was amazing, next time I'll just ask for a table in the back.
4	Japanese take on Burgers.Small industrial space in a generic strip mall next to a subway, this place has a very simple design inside. Ox tail chili cheese fries were soo good and savory.  It was probably the best chili cheese fries I've ever had.I do not eat beef hamburgers, so I had the fish burger, and it was pretty good. The bread was the right sweetness, and everything in the burger complemented well. Also, it was so pretty presentation wise when I got it as well. I  also love how IMPRESSIVELY thin the onion slices were-- it complected the dish perfectly and didn't overpower the burger with the big onion taste.Great selection of microbrews, and sake.My friend got the shogun burger (which has wagu beef and foie gras), and he said it was okay. He said the flavor overload was a bit much, and the quality of the foie gras wasn't that good. However, to each to his own. Hey, I don't even eat burgers myself.
4	The burger is well worth the wait. They have a huge variety of burgers and even some specialty items.- Kalbi burger - it was ginormous and messy (might be personal issues but whatevs). i liked the kimchi with the burger and wish there was more kimchi. the pickled cucumbers on the side was a nice touch.. too bad they don't give refills like banchan :p- truffle fries - their aoili was delish and the fries were crispy- sweet potato fries - crispy fries but i didnt like th dipping sauce too muchi'll certainly be back to try some other items on a night when i dont have to try to stuff myself into a dress.
4	A group of girls and I went to this place because someone went here in a past Vegas trip. It's a little ways away from the strip, but the trip was totally worth it. It's an Asian take on the traditional burgers and fries, but in a tasteful and gourmet way! Small restaurant in a random plaza, but hey, no long wait. deserves it though, haha. We ordered the salt and pepper garlic fries and the truffle Parmesan fries as an appetizer. SO good. he sauces that go with both of them really complement the fries well. the Salt and pepper is definitely my favorite, since it has more spice and kick with the jalapenos and the sauce. Two orders of fries fed 7 girls well, so it's pretty well portioned here.While many of my friends got Kiki's burger, and the Ronin, I got the Kalbi burger, mostly because of my love for kimchi. It's extremely tasty and ridiculously filling to the point of 'Oh my I'm TOO full...but it's so good!" Kalbi ground  beef, kimchi, onions, a massive burger roll, and spicy cucumbers on the side. For someone who loves Korean Food, this definitely impressed me. This is a pretty random place to go, especially when you surrounded by all this food on the main strip, but check this place out!
3	I'm torn on Bachi. Maybe a 3.5?Their idea is cool and they got some neat combinations but execution is lacking some areas. The wait wasn't really an issue as we had a large party (8) and they just needed to setup a bit. While waiting, i scoped out the menu a bit to see what they offered.The baos looked interesting, but it would have been too much. The party shared the ox tail chili cheese fries and they were pretty tasty. I would like there to be more ox tail, but it was good.I got the Miyagi-san burger, medium rare, which was grass-fed wagyu, fried egg, bacon, furikake and onion strings. The sauce was a chili mayo. Also got a side of the sea salt fries.Presentation - awesome. The burger looked great and toppings stacked nicely. Good char on the beef. Taste: Was just okay. Good flavors from the ingredients, but I think the flavor of the meat was kind of lacking. Maybe it was too sweet or something, but I was expecting a more savory taste from the beef. Beef was a letdown and a bit on the flavorless side. I might stick with Angus next time as I had a taste of another burger and it seemed to be more flavorful.I think what kind of made everything a let down was the service. When going to like a pho restaurant, I expect there to be no service. But when you're serving gourmet burgers with foie gras I would hope there would be something better than what I see at a pho joint. The servers just seemed a tad surly. No smiles and seems to have a bit of an attitude. Kinda just going through the motions and they ask you for help. Not even in a nice way. Was just "can you pass this down?" no please? no thanks?I can understand if it was a booth and the server can't get to some people. She was just lazy and started giving us appetizer plates and asked us to send them down. Same with the water. Plopped them down at one end of the table and again asked us to pass them down. I was surprised I wasn't asked to pass the food down as well. So they're able to give the food to everyone individually, but water and plates are too much trouble. Towards the end of our meal, some people are still eating, they start clearing the table right as people finish their plates. You get that rushed feeling like they want to kick you out. The fries we shared were still half full and she started to take them away. She only asked if we wanted to continue to eat them after we kinda looked at her taking the fries away. Why so quick to get everything away? It wasn't like there was a line waiting. We were eating lunch at like 2PM. No wait and restaurant was half empty. Oh, and in true fashion, she also asked us to pass the plates up and over to her so she wouldn't have to walk around to each setting and pick up the plates.Like I said, I'm a bit torn. I think it has potential, but had a pretty eh first experience. They gotta step up their game.
5	Awesome place! Totally new & unique spin on a burgers & fries. The duck steamed buns are a must, and worth every penny. Can't wait to go back!
5	[edit-- after subsequent trips back to this place and realizing that the cravings for bachi burger are never ending, I have bumped the rating from a 4 up to a 5. This place is one of a kind.]This is not your typical burger. If you are craving a cut and dry, lettuce, tomatoes and pickles on a salted angus patty with a slice of American cheese, go elsewhere. If you are a little more open minded and crave the satisfying structure of a burger with a new and unique spin, come on down to Bachi burger.The wait wasn't too long for the two of us. My girlfriend ordered the Kiki burger and I the Kalbi burger. We shared some parmesean truffle fries which were ultra tasty and came with a sun dried tomato aioli sauce that was perhaps one of the finest sauces I have ever tasted. They were cut thin like average fries but far from average in taste and quality. The burgers themselves arrived 15-20 minutes after ordering and were cooked medium rare as requested. The kiki burger featured sweet caramelized onions and three different kinds of asian mushrooms. My Kalbi burger came with a sweet korean bbq marinade, green onions and enough kimchi to give it a noticeable kick. It was blissful. The meat was juicy and plentiful, the marinade was not excessive or overpowering (although it did drip all over my hands and face) and the balance of the sweet with the spicy kimchi simply turned out to be a winning combination. I'm a man with a respectable appetite and upon finishing the burger and fries was thoroughly stuffed. I had the green tea to drink on the side.We didn't try deserts or appetizers but we'll definitely be making a trip back here to see what other goodies this place has to offer. The bottom line is that Bachi burger offers a unique, Asian spin on the classic American burger with delicious results. The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable for a burger that is anything but fast food in quality. Burger fans and foodies alike-- you simply have to try it.
5	Found out not too long ago that they're opening up another restaurant in Village Square!! My only concern is that the food stays the same but nonetheless I am STOKED!
5	When you're middle aged and been married for double digits, you start to not care if a restaurant is hip or trendy.  You just want good food.  This place, located in a small, suburban, strip mall, is decorated with open ceiling painted black, colorful prints of Asian cities, fake bamboo mats, and cheap track lighting.  Just the sort of place for young Asians with Pink hair and dragon tattoos.  But with all this hipness, it also delivers some delicious food.  I don't give 5 stars readily, but for these flavors and reasonable prices, I couldn't give anything less.So forget about the ambiance and go for the great food.  While billed as a burger joint and food shaped like one, this not just a hamburger but rather a fusion of western comfort food with Asian and Polynisian enhancements done with great success.  The meat is high quality and generous.  The flavors integrated and complex.  Don't ask me what the names of the ingredients are because I think they are in another language, but they are delicious none-the-less.A few things we have tried:Sweet Potatoe fries:  thinner cuts of sweet potatoe, fried, and lightly salted with sea salt.  Comes with a sauce that is slightly spicy.Salt and Pepper Garlic Fries: slightly spicier than the sweet potatoe, but I like it better.  The sauce is also spicy.Kiki's Burger:  This is lighter flavored burger, slightly sweet with mild cheese.  Really good for the sensitive palate.Kalbi Burger:  The first time we visited, my wife was scared.  She couldn't recognize any of the ingredients. When I pointed out that this burger had Kim Chee, which she likes, she gave it a try.  This burger is loaded with flavor.  It has sweeter flavors from the teryaki offset with sharper flavors of onion and garlic.  The Kim Chee offers a nice crunch.  This is my wife's favorite burger.Spicy Miso:  This burger is loaded with flavors.  The egg is a real addition to the spicyness and meld of teryaki and onion.  This is probably my favorite so far.Bachi Fish:  If you want to go a little lighter, the fish sandwich is outstanding.  Again, lots for flavors that meld.  The fish says it is pan seared but looked like it was fried.  But not too greasy and not overcooked.All sandwiches are between 9 and 14 dollars and are ala carte.  So with two burgers and an order of fries, enough for my wife and I, total will come to about $30 including tax and tip.  While it might sound like a bit much for a burger, the flavors make it a bargain.On the drink menu is an impressive list of some of the best beers on the market.  Based on that, I imagine the Saki is good, too.  But I haven't tried either.  Either will add about $10 onto your bill.  I guess I'm a little too cheap to go the extra distance.So ingore all the BMW and Lexus machines out front and enjoy the food.
5	Ok, so i'm writing this update because they've got a couple new burgers that I absolutely must share... my newest love - the Miyagi-San.  Do it!  The furikake and fried egg should be more than enough to throw someone over the edge.  Delicious.The other favorites are a tie between the Shogun and Mr. Ho's burgers.  One is uber fancy w/ the foie gras and the other has a weird Hoisin Mayo and Taro Bun combo... interestingly tasty.As much as I LOVE this place... they do need to work on the dessert options.  The fruit tart was amazing when they had it (got discontinued).  Despite being almost always too full to order anything after my burger and truffle parm fries... sometimes I want something sweet.  Unfortunately, there aren't any decent options.  Please look into a Bachi Brick Toast (you know what I'm saying?!).  It's what you're missing!
5	I love there ronin and Kiki burger and the truffle fries AWesomE:)
5	My goodness! I got the Kiki's Burger and it was amazing. The parmesan black truffle fries was so delicious that I ate the whole thing....really. And I ordered the calamansi lime soda to drink...very refreshing. I can't wait for the Summerlin location to open because that's only 5 mins away from my house. The service was friendly and all the servers worked together. I did have to wave them away because they wanted to ask questions and all I wanted to do was eat! Wonderful place to eat good and relax.
1	My wife and I are new to Vegas and love a good burger.  We live close to this location and had been excited about trying this restaurant.  We have 2 children under 3 so one day when they were napping I ran over to get 2 burgers to-go.I placed my order and after 15 minutes of waiting I started to wonder how long it would take.  At 20 minutes I started getting a little annoyed.  After 25 minutes I was standing in front of the counter clearly a little ticked and nobody said anything to me.  I finally received my take-out and the general manager handed me the bag and didn't even say anything.  I looked at the receipt and it took 27 minutes!I have worked at high and low end restaurants and NOTHING takes that long, not even a well-done steak.  All we ordered was a regular burger done medium and veggie burger.  Any manager with minimal customer service skills should have realized at 15 minutes it was taking too long and he was up there looking at the order tickets the whole time.In addition, my wife said her burger was undercooked of all things and mine was average at best.  I was so disappointed that I wrote them an email on their website and they didn't even bother to respond.Perhaps their food is better if you eat in but I have such a bad taste in my mouth for this business and how they run things, especially not having enough class to write me back, that I fear that will never happen.  So very disappointed.
5	My cousin wanted to come here so I relented.  Interesting burgers and combinations.  We asked where they got the name "Bachi" since that means something not too good in Hawaii.  The answer?  It's short for Hibachi and it makes total sense.  They were kind of busy so we waited about 10 min for a table which was a good thing since we could study the menu in detail.  By the time we were seated, I knew what I wanted to eat.  Food took a while because someone in our party wanted their burger "well done!" - Yuck!  But they made it like they wanted.  Our server (forgot her name but she's from Waianae) gave us great information about the doneness and what she liked.  Needless to say our plates were clean after it was all over.  Going to try and come back again with my other friend.
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had.  Period.  Took my friend to it 3 days later.   Same experience.  Great burger.   Ordered the kiki burger w/o bacon both times.Its not fast food so don't expect to be in and out in 20 minutes.  Service was pretty good too.  Only critique would be that the chairs are not very comfortable - but overall a great meal.
3	Great burgers. Great fries. Love their Lonely Bird, bachi burger, fries with truffle parmesan. Be prepared to wait as this place is gaining in popularity with new hours and a steady clientele. We were there for lunch this week and waited close to 30 minutes for our food to finally come out. Bachi also likes to charge for every little thing...$1.00 for extra sauce, $1.50 for cheese (1 slice) on your burger and $1.75 for one onion ring to add to your burger... really I don't think Sysco Foods your supplier charges that much for cheese & onions to justify that charge. Delicious mouthwatering  burgers but getting nickeled and dimed for everything is a bit hard to swallow. Staff could also be given more authority to make customers happy instead of always having to defer to management for approval. Love ya Bachi but please be more reasonable with your pricing.
3	So we've come here several times and really honed in on the burger that we love the most - Kiki's burger!!!  It had the best flavor profile: amazing taste with the three different kind of mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, garlic chili aoli and still the burger essence came through.  One of our friends had the Ronin burger, he said overall it was great but would have liked the fried egg to be runny, (it's amazing when the egg yolk covers the meat to create a moist texture).  We always order the truffle parmesan fries and end up with the same conclusion: amazing taste but there's too little of the truffle parmesan sauce which ends up just coating just a small portion of the fries!  We want more!!! Ordered the pork belly buns which hit the spot s an app.  Finally, we had the special new dessert which was the custard crepe with poached pear and raisins-it was really a light dessert and not for everyone, but it ended the meal on a light clean note.The waitress who served us was extremely attentive and very friendly, as well during the entire meal, the runners and even the manager came by several times to attend to our every need. I'd say that it ends up being one the best burger places that infuses and Asian flair into an All-American dish.  Definitely worth going multiple times to see which dishes fits your taste best-the service experience is absolutely the best!!
5	BSET BURGERS WE EVER HAD!!! BAR NONE! tHE BLACK AND GREEN WAS EXCELLENT IF YOU LIKE BLUE CHEESE. tHE kiki WAS WHAT i ORDERED AND IT WAS VERY YUMMY BUT THE BLACK AND GREEN i LIKED MORE. We shared one order of sweet potato fries that were perfectly done. We made it a point to call the manager over to tell him just how much we loved our meal. GO and TRY
5	I love the unique twists this restaurant brings to burgers. I've tried almost 5 different choices now, and am thinking my favorite is the Spicy Miso burger. They are all so different, its hard to even describe to someone what they might like. I recommend you come here with a bunch of people and everyone takes a small slice of each burger :)The french fries are awesome as well, nice and crispy with a few different flavor selections, all are good. Nice staff as well, always have had a pleasant experience here.
1	Excellent food; however, the service was bar none the worst service we have ever encountered in las Vegas. The whole place was ran by women. So, the entire time we were there they were try I to hurry us along and push us out the door even though there was hardly anyone in there. It seems like they just want you to come in to take your money then leave, that's all they cared about. Unfortunately, we will not be returning.
3	I've heard so many good things about this place, that I decided to take some friends who've been there before with me one evening.  Granted I know it is in a strip mall and that the space is "cozy," so I was prepared for a little wait.As soon as we entered, we were immediately greeted by the manager (or owner?) who quickly took our name and asked us to have a seat...should be about 10 minutes. The environment was pleasing...open space, sofas to wait while the tables are being turned over, TV's on the wall...typical neighborhood diner.  And 10 minutes later, we were seated.  The menu had many eye-catching descriptions for what I've heard are incredible burgers.  If I didn't visit their website beforehand, I wouldn't have really understood (or appreciated some of the selections).  They were limited on their "adult libations" to beers, wines and saki...but they were able to create something with saki for our group that was pretty tasty.The only issue I had with Baci was their service.  It wasn't that it was semi-busy and they had a limited wait staff to serve everyone, it was our server who was not really listening to us and messed up the drink order numerous times and acted frustrated.  To further complicate things, we had multiple servers come by the table to ask the same thing of us...it was like they were not working together in harmony.  Serving the food was a bit unusual as the menu is basically burgers and fries, yet when they brought our food out, they only brought the burgers...saying the fries would be out shortly.  Hmmm, shouldn't you serve them together?Again, I think the food was incredible and will try other items on the menu again soon...just get the wait staff a little better trained and it should further elevate the experience for Baci Burger.
4	So here goes my first review since I moved back to Vegas..... Bachi Burger failed to impress me the first time I was here almost 2 years ago. I was staying with a friend the other day who lived nearby and we decided to go here for a late night dinner.I was extremely happy I decided to give this place another try. The food is amazing and the service was excellent. My buddy already went back last night to pick up food to go. I ordered the truffled parmasean garlic fries and the Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger. My friend ordered the Chili Fried Chicken and Kiki's Burger. No complaints about any of the food. I was surprised at how good the Fried Chicken was. I wasn't a fan of the sauce served with the fries, but not a big deal.The reason I don't give them 5 stars just yet is I'm still a bit disappointed in the length of time it takes for the food to come out when there is nobody else in the restaurant. It was much quicker than the first time I went (took 50 minutes then). But I guess good food is worth waiting for. Also, I still think they could improve the atmosphere of the place a bit. It still feels like a strange cross between a fast food joint and a sit down restaurant when they could be so much more. With food that good its a shame they are not busy all the time. Maybe it's the location, maybe its the atmosphere... I'm not sure.Anyway, I look forward to going back to try more delicious burgers! Hopefully I can bump this up to 5 stars in the future. Another plus was that the manager had reached out to me and apologized for my poor experience the first time around. That was probably the main reason I gave them a second chance.
4	There's a burger fever going around Vegas but this is one spot that beats most of them. Bachi burger doesn't have the best vegetarian burger but overall their selection of creative burgers are amazing. If you don't eat meat like myself, i would try the fish burger and the crab cake burger.  The fish burger is mouth watering with naturally buttery cod and the crab cake is full of flavor and leaves you full. All the fries are amazing with the not so normal ponzu cream sauce that gives a kick in ur mouth. I love the sweet potato fries. The only downside of this place is their dessert menu... not a big fan, i think it needs major improvement. nothing cool to mention here. But overall with the burgers are good enough to make you want to come back!
4	One of the best burgers you will find in Vegas, but still not my favorite overall.The prices are what you would expect for "gormet" burgers, and is within reason. I always order my $$ burgers medium rare...but mine came out medium well.  No pink at all on the insides, but still had some juice so it wasn't a complete waste.  Not the way I wanted to enjoy my Waygu....Seemed like everyone else's burger came out right or a little undercooked...not very consistant chefs I guess.   The Miyagi burger was good, just was a little disapointed with the overcooking, but I was too hungry to turn it away.I would definitely recommend the oxtail fries, but make sure you share, since the portion is huge!  This was the highlight of the night for me.I also ordered truffle fries, but I guess I am not a big truffle fan...these didn't do much for me.  Good, but maybe I was hyping them up too much...you'll probably enjoy them if you are a fan.Too bad it is the complete opposite side of town for me, otherwise I would be back again!
5	Awesome gourmet burger bar.I just ate lunch there and am in a food coma.  I had the Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, Salt & Pepper Garlic French Fries and a Dogfish Head 22oz My Antonia Pilsner.   Everything fit together perfectly.  The burger was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing.  The fries were crisp and covered in jalapenos and cilantro with hawaiin sea salt and had a chili dipping sauce that fit together perfectly.   The beer was the perfect accent to the meal as well.  You can always count on Dogfish head.  Overall this place was great, service was great and I will highly reccomend to anyone looking for a great burger experience.   The prices I feel are good for what your getting.  My entire meal was $30 and change.   Bachi Burger is not too be related at all with fast food, In & Out or anything of that nature.  When you come here you are getting the sushi of burgers.  Nothing is spared in the pursuit of perfection to get you to burger nirvana.
5	The miyagi burger was awesome, the black and green burger had a sweet flavor of deliciousness. Enjoyed some sweet potato fries and truffle parmesan fries with the burgers.  Definitely returning soon to try more burgers.
5	First meal of our short vegas trip.  Really good prepared asian fusion burgers.  I had the Kiki burger which was a sweet and spicy burger.  My wife had the kalbi burger.  Burgers are made perfect and very tasty and filling.  We also tried the truffle parmesan fries.  They make their own sodas as well.  Nice place south of the strip and airport and great hours open late.  Would do well in the bay area
5	Oh Bachi, not only have you snuck into my top 3 for best burger ever, you have quietly stolen my heart, one morsel at a time.Ordered the Black and Green and it was just absolutely perfect in so many ways. Succulent patty, mushrooms, spinach, bacon, and blue cheese... oh dear! Even though it was a little pricier than your average burger, it's substantial. And I doubt you'll leave here hungry. None of that Umani sliders masquerading as burgers stuff here. Also the shogun burger with eel and foie gras is mighty rich but fantastic as well! The meat and buns really make the burgers. I don't know what they do to the meat here but it's closer to a fine ground steak than your typical ground chuck.The fries are just fries, but I definitely am going to come back and try the oxtail chili cheese fries.And what?! There's a foie gras appetizer? I would have definitely order me some of that if I had seen the sign on the way in.Service is awesome and Mr. Ho is quite the gentleman.Goal is to try everything on the menu before 2012 is over.
5	Oh my goodness is this the best thing I've ever put in my mouth?! YES! I came here after reading other reviews and I have to say it blew my expectations out of the water.  I'm slowly working my way through the menu but my favorite so far is the Kiki burger.  What I like about Bachi is that they take a lot of very powerful flavors such as bacon or blue cheese and mix it with more delicate flavors of mushrooms or miso and you can taste every single ingredient and they compliment each other so beautifully.  It's a balance of flavors that few chefs are able to accomplish. The burgers are so moist it almost seems a shame to put the sauce they make for your specialized burger on but you must! It makes all the flavors pop.  Once you're done, you wish you had room in your stomach for more.  My usual appetizers are the peking duck buns or the pork belly buns.  You can't go wrong with either and they both are so tender and savory you'll be licking the plate it came on. My usual sides are the parmesan truffle fries.  I had the oxtail fries and they just didn't do it for me.  They were heavy and I felt they had this odd almost bitter taste to them.  They looked like chili cheese fries. The service is always excellent when I go there.  The servers are all nice and want you to have the best experience possible.  During my last visit there, I had a server who was just recently hired and wow! They train their staff well because she knew all of the menu items and she was personable and attentive.PS! I went there while they were filming the kitchen segment for Dinner's, Drive In's and Dives.  Although they weren't officially open, they were kind enough to allow my friends and I to order out.  I HOPE MY BURGER WAS ON THE SHOW!  Also, you better go there now before the episode airs in about 6 months because after that, you wont be able to get in the door.
5	Bachi Burger has become somewhat of a tradition for us. Every trip to Vegas includes a visit to Bachi Burger. The burgers are delicious and very affordable. On this particular trip I had:Miyagi-San Burger -- This probably my favorite burger here. Wagyu grass feed beef, topped with a friend eggs, onion rings, and caramelized bacon. It also has a wonderful sweet glaze on the patty. Delicious!!Kiki's Burger -- Also a great burger! I was trying to eat something a little healthier so a friend and I did halfsies on the Kiki and the Myagi-San. The Kiki is topped with caramelized ones and an array of mushrooms.Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries -- These chili cheese fries are great. Oxtail chili served a top fries with Cheese, fried egg and jalapenos. These are always so yummy, but probably not too healthy to eat too often. Our table shared one order, but I can definitely eat the entire thing myself.Now for the best part of my review (drum roll please)..............After having spoke to the owner it turns out Bachi Burger is coming to LA!!! I was very excited to hear this. My friends and I have been talking about how great it would be if Bachi were closer. Expect them to open up sometime in the fall. I can't wait! I better start buying my pants one size larger, because I'm going to need them. =P
5	If you have the ability to make it off the strip and haven't injested enough beef products already to keep you steaming through the throngs of people - you NEED to make it to Bachi Burger!The storefront is very unassuming and you actaully enter in the back from what I can tell.  The service staff is super attentive and very cordial and the decor is somewhat minimalistic with the exception of two flatscreen tvs - although each was playing either the Food Network or Cooking Channel - brilliant.On to the food - by the name, burgers are the fare of choice - but Bachi has so much more to offer outside of the main entrees:The pork belly steamed buns...YUM...melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness.  The pork is super tender and the rice-buns are sticky/gooey hold the roof of you mouth.  The hoisin BBQ dipping sauce is tangy and thick and a perfect compliment to the pork and the egg and the bun.Sweet Potato fries - killer.  Probably the best I have had anywhere.  The Yuzu Citrus Aioli is a decent compliment.  (We found that the sauce that came with a burger was a better choice).Burgers - Both we delicious and had the makings of an outstanding burger (depsite not being beef).  The Bachi fish is what drew me in - whew, what a burger!  The crab cake burger was outstanding.  Patty was thick and teaming with seafood and the sauce (ordered on the side) is what we used primarilly for dipping the sweet potato fries...even our server was surprised at that and said she would try it.The homemade soda was a hit too - zinging with taste but a refreshing break from the typical coke/pepsi routine.If we hadn't come for lunch, I may be inclined to try for an evening meal to try some of the sake.....just saying.Go here!
5	I remember driving by this joint a couple times before it opened and noticed the interesting name. Fortunately, that is enough incentive to get me to stop by.This place definitely falls under the whole gourmet burger food trend that has come has popped up in the past couple years. I guess one could describe it as a Asian-American fusion restaurant. Most of their dishes have obvious Asian influences, from wasabi mayo, kim-chi toppings, to Japanese style BBQ sauce.Each item is served ala-carte, burgers (which range from $8-$13, with one or two premium ones in the $20+ range) do not come with fries though I definitely think ordering them is worth it.The first time I went, I ordered a Kiki burger ($12) along with the Truffle fries ($3). The burger was excellent. The caramelized bacon melted in my mouth, and the unique lemon aioli that accompanies the burger really brought out some of the flavors of the meat. The fries were also good, thin cut fries topped with some a truffle reduction sauce. I would recommend sharing as a single order of fries is sufficient for two.Bachi also offers traditional fare for less adventurous eaters. One can order a simple BBQ burger, or build their own from an assortment of their toppings. I recommend a tleast trying one of their specialties. Lastly, the service was acceptable and the decor was minimalist. There are no booths in the restaurant, just tables which can seat 2 or 4. The idea of 'less is more' definitely works here as the restaurant does not seemed clutter at all. Instead, it comes off as stylish with their chilewich placemats and rotating artwork displayed on the walls. The server came around frequently enough to refill our drinks and ask if we needed anything else.If your into burgers, I definitely recommend stopping by.
4	This place is home to my new favorite off-strip hamburger in Las Vegas. My husband and I both had the Miyagi-san. He added cheese (Gruyere) to his but I left mine as-is and no additions were necessary. The meat was so flavorful and delicious and the toppings worked together perfectly- the furikake is an awesome touch. The truffle parmesan fries were also crazily delicious; service was friendly and prompt. I can't wait to go back!
5	One of my favorite burger places to go to! And a new location is going to open up in Summerlin (Fort Apache & Sahara)!My favorite thing to get here is the bunh-mi burger. Tastes just like the vietnamese sandwich but in burger form! How'd they do it?! Anyway, last night I finally tried something new, the shogun burger..so flavorful and messy! But so good I could not help but feel the $25 I paid for the burger was kind of expensive for the 2 mins it took to inhale the burger in. Anyway, per usual i never order a burger without the truffle fries!  Last night, the server accidentally threw away my fries when I asked to have them in a take out box. Without any complaints they made me a new batch to take home! Service has changed a lot in the last few months, they are definitely very very attentive to their customers now... I swear there was a server asking how the burger was or how we were doing every 5 mins.
4	Always enjoy my meal every time I come here and always leave stuffed!Tonight we ordered the Ronin burger (..we enjoyed this from our last visit), spicy miso burger (..took a risk with this order and paid off!), and shared salt & pepper fries.Not that we didn't like the ronin burger this time around, but we were extremely surprised & very much enjoyed the spicy miso burger much more!We were expecting a wait tonight, as this was the case last time around, but we got seated right away. (Maybe cuz it's nascar weekend..?) Servers were friendly & attentive - always refilled our drinks before asking. We are looking forward to our next visit and ordering the spicy miso again & trying a new burger next time around :)
3	I will have to go against the norm here and say this place was not anything spectacular. The service is usually very spotty and the staff acts inconvenienced by simply requests for a refill or if you have a question. Also, i am not a huge fan of the overpowering smell of eggs as you walk into the restaurant. I have tried several of their burgers and was not blown away by any. I do appreciate the flavor and originally behind these burgers, but the were not enough to make me want to come back again. I have sampled The Lonely Bird, Ronin, and the crab burger I believe they no longer offer and was not blown away by any of them. Actually, the most enjoyable item I have found has been the oxtail chili cheese fries, which they were somehow out of on my last visit. I will not go out of my way to avoid this place if there is a group consensus of wanting to go here, but I will not be suggesting it on my own.
5	it is a great local place to eat. exceptional food, fair in price, great presentation, friendly, professional servers,  they always take the time to check  how your experience is during your visit. A MUST TRY
5	If you love burgers with a nice little twist, this is the place! The first time I came here, I loved it so much, I had it the next day. Never been disappointed with the food or service here.I have tried practically every burger on their menu and this is my top 31. Miyagi-san/ Spicy Miso2. Kiki3. RoninYou must try, the truffle fries and ox tail fries (with extra egg!), oh and the sweet potato fries also!For all my out of town foodies that visit me, I always take them here and they are never disappointed and you won't be either! Make sure you come to BACHI BURGER
5	I love this place! The burgers are so inventive and delicious. The fries are excellent as well. The other places don't even compare. If you want a great burger with a new twist you have to eat here.The only draw back is that they are so fat away, but they are in the process of a Summerlin location that is a few blocks away from me. As soon as it opens Bachi Burger will be a weekly stop!
5	Bachi's is a rediscovered secret. What was once a great burger joint is now a superb burger joint. Wifey and I starting to come here more frequently. Why? Flavor!!!!  Casual and friendly enough to make you wanna return...we do!
2	The Burgers are Too asian style for my Taste. I dont want to est an asian style Burger. I love it american style. So no foie Gras, terriaki souce,aioli for me. I want burger Fries& Ketchup. The prices are Same like on the Strip so. It dosnt make sense to o there. I d rather Prefer to eat at the Strip for the Same amount. Service was Good. Food okBoba milk tea was ok. 4$ come on for a tiny glass. Sweetpotato Fries were chewy. Will Not go back. Sorry but Vegas has much more to offer.
4	Burger with a twist? It's here!A great beef patty with unique toppings of flavor!Went with my family - seated right away.. host came by and explained items on the menu. This was our 2nd time and we enjoyed the first. Husband went with host recommendation of the Kiki burger - lots of toppings including carmelized bacon and gruyere cheese... nuf said. I tried the Kalbi burger. kim chee was great, however they were a little heavy handed on the kalbi marinade which truly overpowered the other tastes. It did have a side of bachi pickles which were delicious. Truffle fries are an explosion of flavor in your mouth... crisp potato fry with parmesan cheese and truffle cream... they're addicitng. Don't pass on their sweet potato fries, dusted in just the right amount of sea salt. All fries are served with creative sauces.. however you can eat them plain and be happy. Wanted to enjoy the food, so we stuck with water. A little pricey for a burger, but then again, you're not going to find another one like it in the valley.
4	Great new place, and being an out of towner, almost went nuts looking at the menu and the specials. Too many to try on a single visit. First off, the beer selection was varied but not daunting. For fries we got both the Sweet Potato and Truffle Parmesan. Truffle fries were good, almost great, except for the dip, which I thought was a mismatch (flipped the dips, I thought they fit better). We got the Ronin, Kiki and fish burgers. Wiped out. Great burgers. We thought the fish was a tad salty though. I wanted to try the Samurai burger, what with its foi gras, but decided, "next time". Next time also would include trying their Baos. Can't wait for my next Vegas trip.
5	Burgers do not get any better than this.  From the outstanding service, to the magnificent creations, Bachi burger is one of those rare establishments that will leave you speechless.  I had a customized Wagyu beef burger, and the Salt & Pepper Garlic french fries.  The dessert was fabulous (Portuguese donuts?), along with even the homemade soda beverages.  Bachi has raised the bar on gourmet burger joints, and I look forward to returning.
5	Saved up, starved all day and ride or not, Monkey walk for miles to get the BLACK & GREEN BURGER - Australian Grass Fed Wagyu Beef, sauteed mushrooms, spinach, bacon, blue cheese & roasted garlic  TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES, rounded out with ASAHI SELECT AMBER LAGER made it a great afternoon.  Perfect timing around 3pm between busy periods, Monkey seated right away and next to an outlet to recharge phone.  Very friendly staff checked several times to make sure all is well.  Monkey wished had more room for TARO BOBA or PORTUGUESE DOUGHNUTS.  Next time.  Just going to have to make due with the take out... RONIN BURGER made with WAGYU BEEF - Caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu bbq yuzu citrus aioli...  The most delicious, beautiful burgers(that don't rely on cheese for flavor) Monkey's ever had.
2	So I decided to bring a friend here for his birthday last night. There were four of us. Three of us ordered the Kiki's Burger, the other got the spicy miso burger. All of the burgers had good flavor. The problem is with temperature, my wife ordered hers medium rare, as she always does, but one half of the burger looked as if it had barely even touched the grill. I know raw hamburger when I see it, it was raw. The server apologized and said she would show it to the boss. She then returned and said the boss responded that my wife needs to order medium next time. I have been in the restaurant business for a long time, that is not how you respond to a complaint. They sent a complimentary desert to apologize, fine. The server then dropped the check without the burger on it, I thought that was great, I didn't ask they just made it right...WRONG! After I put the money in the check book to pay, the server returned and said "I'm sorry, she made me add the burger back on." Needless to say, I will never visit this establishment again, they treat customers wrong and I would rather spend my money where it is appreciated. I will also stop recommending it to friends, which I used to do frequently. You lost a loyal customer Bachi Burger...nice going.
3	I don't know- just wasn't feeling it.. I was so excited about my Banh Mi burger (especially after all the rave reviews), but I found the burger to be so overloaded with toppings and sauce that the actual burger meat suffered. It just wasn't as juicy as a good burger should be, and the sauce itself was a bit too salty. Someone else in my group ordered a medium burger that came out still mooing.. When he asked them to cook the meat they were beyond gracious about it, but the "medium" burger came out rare again- hilarious- Ecoli be damned..There's so much potential, but Bachi burger just didn't work for me...
4	I had the Ronin Burger, an order of garlic fries, and a drinkThe restaurant is a nice enough dine in establishment with a good selection of drinks.I was with a group of friends, we had ordered and ended up waiting a while for our food to arrive (roughly 10 minutes for the fries and 20 minutes for the burgers). It was a long time, but I was with company and it only made me hungrier.I think part of this was due to a large 10+ person party arriving just before us, so it was probably just bad timing, but still, it was a long time to wait after ordering our food.The burgers are expensive, but the size and amount of toppings compensate for it.I found the Ronin burger to be extremely tasty, but unfortunately due to the sauces, the bun got soggy really quickly, so after half of it I didn't want any more and just picked at the rest of it.My friends didn't seem to have the same problem though and they got different ones (my apologies as I don't remember what they ordered).Overall 4/5 stars, I'm interested in coming back and trying something different.If the wait is just as bad without a huge group and a different burger ends up soggy, then I may adjust to 3/5, and if it's not the case, I'll adjust to 5/5 (as those first bites were very tasty).
5	Restaurant was full house so I've waited 15 mins befor getting seated. Everyone works for the place was super nice and friendly. I actually didn't feel like it had been 15 mins. Our waitress, Melissa, welcomed my group with big warm smile and explained menu items in detail since we let her know it was our first visit. We probably waited more than 20 mins for our food. However, its well WORTH the wait!! After my first bite of spicy miso burger, it made me want to sing at the table... yes it was just that good!! Angus beef was cooked perfectly. The medium cooked patty was very juicy and tender. I enjoyed the balance flavors between Japanese shishito peppers, egg and Angus beef. My salivary glands kick in overdrive when I tried to picture that burger and write this review. I also sampled Kiki's burger and Bachi house salad. They both tasted pretty awesome. I liked my Spicy Miso burger better. I was pretty impressed with their house salad. It came with pretty good portion and had mixed greens, avocado, walnuts and yuzu orange vinaigrette in it. This place has truely won 5 stars in my Yelp book with its mouthwatering food, friendly price and supreme customer services. I will be back very soon to try Shogun Burger (wagyu beef, unagi, pan seared miso foie gras, poached Asian pear, yuzu butter and yamamomo peach)
1	Tried ist once again & still Not happy. Tiny tiny boba Drink. Burger is ok. Nothing Special. Better then Mc d but Too expensive. Still Prefer BLT @ Mirage & Burger Place @ mandalay Place.
4	I miss this place! Used to come here a lot when I lived on windmill.  Can't wait for the one by Village Square to open!  Burgers are delicious def. when you add a fried egg!   Big fan of the garlic fries as well :D
5	This place is awesome! They are super friendly, great service and the food is super tasty. Try the homemade sodas..sooo good!
4	Dined here on a friday night, the wait wasn't long. As a vegetarian I was disappointed that my only option was the No Meat Here..."Burger" but it looked pretty good, so I gave it a go along with a side of fries. When my "burger" came out it was verryyy high and I felt way to overwhelmed to eat it. But I was starving so I cut it in half (which I think if you decide to order this burger just ask them to do it for you, much cleaner) and after just my first bite I was hooked! I was nervous that mushroom patty, eggplant and tofu would be too much but it was the exact opposite. Every item in the burger was a perfect compliment and I loved it! Also Bachi Burger has a yelp check in special of buy one beer get one free! The only thing is, its for after 11pm but the incredibly attractive manager was kind enough to give it to me since I was an out of towner. Even our waiter and the serving staff were extremely friendly and made sure we enjoyed our meal. So you have great food & service, don't think about it give it a try!
5	Listen up folks, yelp exists for a reason.  See all those 3.5 star reviews for all the overpriced restaurants on the strip.  You know the ones that don't live up to and are more expensive than the original locations in New York and Los Angeles.  The ones that don't really care about how good the food is, because the celebrity chef whose name is on the marquee is at least an entire desert and mountain range away.  Those famous name places in the hotels, they care as much about return customers as those slot machines do.  They both know that as soon as they take your money, the next stooge is going to sit down in that same seat.Bachi Burger belongs on the strip.  It so good and different that it should be featured in the Bellagio or the Wynn, but you aren't going to find it there.  You are going to find it tucked away in a hard to see corner of a strip mall south of the airport.  This gem who MUST expand to other locations, is a concept from Chef Lorin Watada, who has worked for Roy's for many years.  The fusion of Asian flavors and burgers are so perfect together, I have no idea why nobody else has really come up with an entire menu of it before.  Sure you sometimes see a Teriyaki burger on a menu, but this is a completely different level.We started off with Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns.  While not listed as an appetizer, they are like 3 mini sliders, so good for sharing.  The buns were nice and sticky and folded taco style around a slice of sweet duck breast, cilantro, slice of egg, thin slice of radish, scallions, black Chinese vinaigrette, and hosin BBQ sauce.  While they were a good starting point, never order them in place of a Burger! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas#3zjM4SbAXTNr8cRrcyHDegI split two burgers with my brother.  Both were so good, we couldn't decide which one we liked better.  First was the Ronin Burger.  7oz of Angus beef topped with caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, a fried egg, miso goma dressing, and katsu BBQ sauce.  On the side was yuzu citrus aioli.  I also had them add Gruyere cheese.  The burger was cooked a perfect medium rare.  It was nice and pink.  The juices of the burger and the katsu BBQ sauce went so perfectly together I couldn't distinguish them as separate entities anymore.  The Japanese cabbage slaw had a nice crunchy sweet vinegar flavor to offset the texture of the burger.  I'm usually not a huge fan of a fried egg on my burger, but this just seemed so right.  So many times, burger joints throw on a fried egg for "shock value".  Somehow on this burger it was tastefully done to enhance the burger.  The miso goma sauce was on the slaw side of the bun.  The sweet rice wine/ sesame flavor worked perfectly with the slaw.  At this point my taste buds were just singing.  How could you need more flavor?  What was this yuzu citrus aioli about?   I added some of it just on one bite, and  found that the burger really didn't need it at all.  In fact that was the opinion I had about every side of sauce served with each item.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas#8s5ab8tv_OI9keGxjmPErwThe second burger may have been even better!  More unique in flavor for sure.  The Banh-Mi Burger.  Ok, brace yourselves.  The patty is made up of...ground angus beef, pork, shrimp, pork pate, lemongrass, and plenty of other herbs and spices.   It was topped with pickled carrots & radish, cilantro, curry aioli, and lettuce.  The nuoc mam dipping sauce (fish sauce with lime, garlic, vinegar, etc..) was served in a large bowl on the side.  Plenty of room to dip your burger in the bowl.  But once I did that, I felt the strong sauce covered up the wonderful flavor of the burger.  Again we had it medium rare and the juices were everywhere.  For those that complain that the burgers are too juicy and the bun can get soggy....Eat it faster!!!  I actually thought the bun held up well.  A burger that tastes this good, isn't going to last long on my plate.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas#ETcasvkOZaGaNUM3ZVIoQAA burger isn't complete without some fries.  We had the Truffle Parmesan Fries, which were enough to share.  This isn't your usual truffle oil just poured on the fries, it's black truffle porcini cream.  WOW it was great, but not very much of it.  I wonder if you can get extra of it on your fries if you are willing to pay more.  The fries were perfectly cooked and sliced thin.  Topped with a small amount of slightly melted parmesan cheese.  Really after you got past the the top layer of fries, there wasn't much topping left, so share nicely everyone!   We stayed away from the Sun Dried Tomato Aioli dipping sauce as the flavor overpowered a much superior flavor of the fries.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas#z7-52AroniBC5F63yI0D4ANothing left to say other than GO NOW!
5	Hands down the best burger in Vegas. The bread was super soft and the meat was melt in your mouth delicious!! Don't wait go now.
2	More like 2.5 stars because the food here is actually pretty good, there were just some other problems with our dining experiences here.The good: Kiki's burgers all around for the 3 of us, and they were very flavorful. I loved how the burgers had a nice charred crisp on the outside but still fairly juicy on the inside. The toppings all worked together very well, the mushrooms, Gruyere cheese, bacon. It was nice that they left the garlic chili aioli on the side for you to spread on your burger as you please. Also, we had the salt and pepper fries along with the sweet potato fries to share. The favorite was the salt and pepper that is mixed with some ginger, cilantro, and chili peppers. The sauce also complemented it very nicely. The sweet potato fries were cooked nicely but the sauce was not good. The Yuzu citrus aioli had a strange herb taste that we couldn't place. But the best part was probably the drinks. We had the strawberry jasmine lemonade and it was so tasty! It has a fresh strawberry puree with real strawberry bits. We also had the Momotaro, which was good but I can see it being too sweet to finish the entire glass. Oh and it comes in a really large glass so it's worth the $4.The bad: The two times my bf has come here, they have mixed his burger up with another person's in the party. He likes his burgers cooked medium-well but both times, they have been under cooked and we realized it was because the servers don't have an indicator for each burger's doneness. So while the servers remembered what each person ordered, they didn't know which burger was which.The ugly: After eating a few bites, my bf noticed it was way underdone. So he brought it to the waiter's attention. They took away his burger and when the waiter returned, it was literally the exact same burger he originally had, only cooked again. This means they put the patty that he had taken bites out of back on their grill rather than cooking a brand new one, like they should have. COMPLETELY unsanitary! I'm sorry, but a restaurant that will return already eaten food onto their grill is not acceptable. So although their food is good, who knows what else they do that's not exactly kosher.
5	This has to be my favorite burger place ever.  such  an awesome mix between asian and american culture.  Some of these burgers are to die for, and don't get me started on the parmesian fries!!
3	Here you have a burger joimt. With ego's out of joint. Its ok but out priced for what you end up with. if your board and need to WASTE your money on a couple of burgers go for it. Just a side note my girl had the crab burger and had some problems later.
3	Overall, the food had been good here. I don't eat beef, but have enjoyed the veggie burger and the crab cake burger. I've been here with my friends and my family. Generally, they also liked the food, but the portions for children are too much, and there are not many options. Not the best for young children, but older ones should be fine.Service is still hit or miss and its biggest liability. The staff seem disorganized at times and I've had my food messed up more than once (I've been here more than I've checked in) lately. Sometimes, it seems like some of the servers have never worked in a restaurant before. Other times, the servers have seemed to over compensate becoming intrusive. I also got the Yelp check in special of a free beer/beverage, but it had the "after 11pm" stipulation and the manager was not as nice to me in terms of getting me the free beverage. (I suggest that they either do away with that "special" or offer it at a time that people would actually use it...)My first impression was awesome. My following experiences have since been not as positive, and some unpleasant almost to the point of not wanting to come back. So, just be aware that service is inconsistent and tends to be slow. Or, they "disappear" for a while after you've placed and received your order. Food is good; service needs to improve.
5	Great place to get a different flavor burger.  Love the asian flavors.  Came here with my gf, server was nice, friendly, and provide details about which burgers we should get.  Fries were very nicely decorated and tasted wonderful, but a bit overpriced.  I'm seeing that they opened a second location in Summerlin.  Place was very clean and parking is easy.
5	Everything i tasted was excellent!  Can't wait to go back!
4	Ever since moving to Vegas around summer of last year, I've been hearing much hype about this particular joint. Does it live up to it? ehhhh kind of. My first visit there back in September of last year killed it for me. We ordered the parmensean garlic fries with tomato aeoli sauce as an app............waited over 35 mins......keep in mind this place was not busy at all...........still no fries....come on now, how long does it take to throw some fries in the fryer? Not only that but our waitress at the time didn't even issue us an apology or anything, she got me at the wrong time cause I was hellllllllla hungry after a hard session at the gym. Burgers were alright, just service couldv'e been better, minus 1 star.Decided to give Bachi another try last night, went late night around 11pm with my gf again , WAY BETTER SERVICE!! looks like they have a new staff? Anyway, was greeted and sat down right away by our waitress Melissa, really nice gal. She catered to us right away and was prompt with our orders, I had the parmesean fries again....but got them within 10 mins! superb Melissa! Munched on those while we waited for the Duck Steam Bums....kind of like a chinese taco if you think about it....BOMB.COM!! Our burgers came right after...I got the Miyagi-San Grass fed wagyu burger....a little greasy but worth every gut busting calorie! HECK YEAH!!!! my gf had the....I forgot...it looked a little healthier than mine though lol. WHATEVER, GO BIG OR GO HOME! We were constantly checked up on by Melissa and even a fellow waiter, don't know his name but service meant everything, I know...I'm a supervisor at asian diner. Good job on the food and service Bachi Team! the only negative I have to say about the latest trip though, the fries were a little too crunchy/well done for my liking, but whatever, burgers made up for it!P.S They have the Food Channel playing on their LCD Tv's :) And the music is lounge/Chill, perfect mix.
5	Tired of your Traditional Burgers?! This place will awaken your palate with all their tasteful, unique, gourmet flavors. The burgers I've tried are scrumptious and are very appealing. It comes out looking exactly like what you would see in an ad. I LOVE fries and the Truffle Parmesan Fries are Heavenly!! If your open to Asian Fusion, check this place out!My Favorites:Ronin BurgerKalbi BurgerTruffle Parmesan FriesThe Crusty Crab
4	Might of been the best burger I've ever had. Despite the over use of floral flavors. Some good beer, but a lot of "hip" douche options as well. Waitress was short, but I blame being understaffed. I honestly would eat here anytime, any day, it's amazing.
5	OMG I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Best burgers ever! Super juicy and the fries are also amazing! It was me and my boyfriends first time there and were planning to come again..at least once every month or something. Service was awesome and the servers knew their stuff when it came to the taste, the look and everything. Trust me..go and check this place out! Oh and they serve more than burgers and fries if you guys wanna know.
4	After a grueling drive from LA to Vegas, my mister and I wanted to grab a satisfying dinner.  We wanted something off the beaten path (not on the Strip), something the locals would frequent...Yelp lead me to Bachi Burger.  When we arrived at the restaurant, it was pretty busy at 9PM on a Friday, but there was still a few tables available, so we were seated right away.  Looking over the menu, I was impressed.  Their burgers had some asian flare.  I ordered the Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger which had Chili Mayo, Fried Egg, Furikake, Caramelized Bacon ,Crispy Onion Rings. The mister had the Bachi Fish which is Furikake Dusted Pan Seared Alaskan Cod Tartar Sauce, Lettuce, Onion, Tomato Bubu Arare Rice Crackers.  We also had the Oxtail Chili Cheese fries.  I washed it down with a sake cocktail: The "Katsushiro": White Peach, Strawberry Puree, Soda.  It was a yummiest, but I don't think it had a lot of alcohol because I didn't get relaxed from it.   My burger was really tasty and very juicy.  I loved the asian inspired flavors.  It was so good I ate the whole think. The bachi fish was good, but it was a bit salty.  The fries were good too.  Who knew that Vegas could have this kind of food and it wasn't on the strip.  Very cool.  I would definitely come back.
2	Last night was my first time there the fries were recooked with a bottle of salt and the veggie burger fell apart....35 dollars later for two no thank you my last time
5	OMG!!!Thank you Yelpers for this AWESOME Discovery!!! The food is EXCELLENT!!!I enjoyed this place so much that I came twice in 3 days. Great food, Great service and pay attention to the photography/paintings on the wall. The artist is great!By the time you get a burger +frieds ( please share the fries - it's wayyyy too much for one person) & a drink - your looking at around $20 - Completely worth it! Please come to Los Angeles!!! We could use a place like yours here!
5	Bachi burger never fails to disappoint. I always get the Kano burger with fried egg. Pretty much any of the burgers with fried egg is always good. I still have yet to try a burger there that I didn't like.
4	Um holy crap, these burgers are good!  Honestly there's not much more I can say in regards to this place this isn't summed up in that sentence but I guess I should back up a little bit first.  Being on a rare trip to the Southside of town with my mom, I pulled out my Yelp app (shameless plug) to find out what interesting place was nearby that I wanted to try.  Needless to say we were literally next to Bachi Burger so the decision was made.  When we walked in we had to wait a few minutes since there quite a few large parties there that night but once were seated the pace was a bit quicker, although it still took a while for the burgers to come out.  Luckily for us the Assistant Manager was incredibly friendly and made sure we were at least attended well all evening.  I ordered a Strawberry Boba Milk Tea while my mom had the Peanut Butter Chocolate Milke Shake.  While I liked my tea, in the end I wished I had gone with the rich milkshake instead.  We also ordered the Truffle Parmesan fries while we waited for our burgers, and their were tasty, but I don't think the combo really meshed for either of us.  Needless to say those went in the doggy bag for my brothers.  When it came to the burgers themselves, I tried half of the Spicy Miso Burger and half Kiki's Burger.  The Kiki's Burger is pretty good but I found the sweetness level a little surprising and sort offset the rest of the burger for me.  It was the Spicy Miso Burger that was the real winner to me.  The pepper, the roasted garlic, and the egg all came together in a perfect combination!  Each bite was flavorful and amazing!  Needless to say it will be a conundrum for return trips whether I'll stick with this burger or see what creations they have concocted, but needless to say, I will return.
4	Excellent! The Shogun Burger and sweet potato fries are amazing. Bachi is a great spin on a burger joint. Try something different every time and you won't be disappointed.
4	Sangria was awesome!!!!!  It's full of fruit... Great light drink... The sake with the fruit is like a little taste of goodness...
5	Bachi is an amazing find in Vegas. I am disappointed that I haven't tried it sooner! I went with a big group of people and they sat us very quickly. The ambiance in the restaurant is great. They have instrumental music on loop and the interior design is very simple, and modern. There were many different choices that sounded very appealing to me, but I decided to go with Kiki's Burger and the Truffle Parmesan Fries. The Burger had an intense amount of flavor that my mouth definitely wasn't prepared for! The mix of fresh greens, mushrooms, bacon, onions, cheese and the garlic chili aioli was so flavorful that it left me wanting more and more after every bite. The Truffle Parmesan fries was definitely  a work of perfection.Overall my first experience at Bachi was great. I would definitely come back to eat here again. I still have many, many more burgers that I want to try.
4	My friend Kevin told me about Bachi Burger when he was last here.  He said it was worth the drive of going all the way to the Southeast part of town.  Got here on a weekday lunch after 1pm and the place was still pretty packed.  I guess these must be the employees of the local companies.  Decor-wise, the place is very minimalist, a few paintings of Japanese theme to set the mood with white walls and standard track lighting.  I got the Ronin burger, parmesan fries, and the iced matcha green tea.  From least favorite, the matcha green tea was not sweetened and I didn't really get a strong matcha taste when drinking it.  It just tasted different as the tea I got from formal Japanese restaurants.  As for the Ronin burger, it was polished off...quickly!  The slaw, egg, and the burger really mixed well.  The only thing I wished for was maybe for a crispier bun.  The bun was a fresh, soft, warm bun but if I do come back here, I may ask them to toast my bun if possible.  The parmesan fries were also great!  I didn't even need the ketchup looking sauce that came with.  I did try it and the sauce really didn't help to enhance the flavors of the fries. Except for a few things that I nitpick about, I'm ready to sign up to Bachi Burger's fan club.  They have a large beer list but all of them are bottles including Hitachino which has been a favorite of mine lately.  Lastly, the prices are a bit on the pricy side but the quality and the uniqueness of their product is worth it in my opinion.Memo to Bachi Burger owners:  any chance of coming out to the SF Bay Area to open a branch?
4	love this place! im not a burger fan... but i always crave bachi burger!love the gourmet fries... sweet potato, or truffle parm fries.i've had a few burgers here... kiki burger... and the ronin burger are the most popular.i think i liked the kiki burger more.when i want to spend $30 on a burger, im going to try the foie gras & kobe beef burger.i also want to try the banh mi burger.the staff is very helpful too with helping you pick your first burger if you've never been before.highly recommended!
5	Good stuff! I remember coming here years ago and trying the Ronin burger. That was one of the best burgers I've ever had. Everything here tends to be on the sweet side, but it's not a bad thing. This time I had the regular fries with pineapple ketchup, the Bachi pickles, the No Meat Here Burger, and some dessert with poached pears, gelato, and a crepe. Everything was AWESOME. Great flavor in every dish. The service was lacking a little considering the restaurant was nearly empty. I can tell the server was trying his best though because he was the only one in the restaurant really doing anything. It seemed like he was the only one running the floor with his busser only walking around in circles filling waters. This place is opened late, which is great. Yes, lame rhyming scheme.
4	Burgers, salad, fries, drinks. It is all good here! The strawberry jasmine drink was excellent. Another of my favorites in Vegas that Ill definitely visit again.
5	Bachi Burger, I love you!  Fusion restaurant at its best!We ordered:Peking Duck Steamed Buns - meat was a little dry but the hoisin sauce made it tastyBelly Pork Steamed Buns - Really good Belly Pork and the hoisin sauce went well with itEndamame - it's your basic endmame - probably needed saltOxtail Chili Fries OMG! - the best thing that ever crossed my mouth!  The wonderful oxtail stewed meat combined with the chilli beans draped over a mountain of fries with cheese.  So delicious.  Have to go back.Next time, will try their burgers for sure.
5	I finally returned and I am glad that I did. The off putting smell of eggs upon entering is no longer there. The service was extremely attentive and efficient. We were seated immediately and our drinks came out quickly. The server was pleasant and professional. I ordered the Spicy Miso Burger and we shared the oxtail chili cheese fries appetizer. We cleaned our plates! The burger was so much better than I remember, and it appears that some positive changes were implemented since my last visit over six months ago. Another great local business to add back to my list of neighborhood favorites!
5	We were in Vegas on business with a group of five. We ate here twice and the food and service were the best! When we come back in town, we wil visit here again! Try the sauces. They are great.
5	Kiki burger was out of this world great...really!  I consider myself a hamburger connoisseur and Bachi was top notch!  Plus they freshly ground their beef so it's totally safe to actually get a burger RARE - my favorite!
5	First time here , but the first impression is always the lasting one.  I ordered the Kalbi burger and some salt & pepper fries.  The burger was perfect.  The fries were amazing. I'm definitely coming back.
4	Bachi Burger is ruining my life!! Why? Well, it's because I'm so insanely jealous that it has captivated my boyfriend's heart in a way I never will. On our latest  trip I asked my boyfriend what his favorite part of our trip was. To give some background info, we spent a few days in Vegas, a day in Disneyland, and a couple days in beautiful Camarillo. If you had asked me which of these was my favorite part of the trip, I would've answered "dancing with my wonderful boyfriend at a wedding". His answer?! BACHI BURGER!!!So apparently, Bachi Burger is better than Disneyland- the happiest place on earth. It is also better than anything we did in Vegas (including winning money). AND it is better than a couple romantic days lounging around with each other.Fine, I suppose it's delicious, but sheesh- cut me some slack. It's not like I have a third pound of perfectly grilled wagyu on a house-crafted bun, a specialty sauce, or come with a side of truffle fries. I'm just me. Just human- not godly burger.Anyway, the shogun is a $25 burger and it's super tasty and loaded with stuff (unagi, peach, foie gras, etc.) but i'm not sure it's worth the $25. I'd have to try it again to let you know. I really liked what I ordered, the Miso burger, but my boyfriend's Miyagi-san burger was REALLY good. So I guess I can forgive him.
4	after spending a few weeks abroad, i was dying for a burger.  and this place really hit the spot.  their choices look amazing and i ended up going for the kiki burger, which was both delicious and filling.  our waiter was new or something so he was acting all noob, but it's all good.  we also got the duck buns, which i thought would totally give me a boner, but it was kind of dry and not very flavorful.  it was definitely disappointing, but i took the remaining two and brought it home to feed the drunkards at the hotel.  so if i come back, which i definitely will given the opportunity, i'm sticking to the burgers!
5	Its soooo good! Had the kiki's burger, it was delicious, unlike anything I've ever had. The salt and pepper garlic fries were so flavorful.
2	The food was great, but our service was terrible from start to finish. First, our server was inattentive. She didn't give us an attitude but she seemed like her mind was elsewhere. We were just a party of five, but ran out of tea and water regularly. We each ordered fries, but some came as appetizers and some during the meal with no explanation. The extra sauces we ordered with the meal weren't brought to us. We had to ask for them again. To top it off they screwed up the meal ticket. As our party was seated we had asked our server if she could create two tickets. She said, "yea, no problem." At the end of our meal she brought us one ticket, not two. We tried to talk to her, but after five minutes of waiting we couldn't find her. At this point we were fed up with the service and just wanted to leave. Three party members pooled cash for their meals and tip. Our server still nowhere in sight, I walked the check up to the manager and explained that he should put $33 on the card, the rest of our ticket was paid in cash. He delegated it to a man who clearly didn't understand how to operate their payment system. My card was promptly charged the entire $97. A simple apology was offered, no more. I signed the receipt, got the cash back, and left. The next day I had to rush to the bank and deposit the cash so that my insurance bill would clear.Sure the burgers and fries were great, but the service us five received was terrible. In Vegas if you really want a good burger there are plenty of other places with better food AND service.
3	We drove past Bachi Burger on the way to  visit friends in Vegas.  I thought the sign was cool and later our friends suggested we eat there.  They live down the street and eat there often.  They'd totally get a four+ stars if the service was better.The decor was great and the menu looked very interesting - I love fusion cooking.  I ordered the Spicy Miso Burger - it was amazing!  Cooked perfectly, juicy and a great flavor combo.The service was ok at best.  Our waiter spoke broken English and brought foods out in waves.  Finally, after we all had our burgers, the waiter asks what else we needed.  We're like, uh french fries.  By the time we got our fries, we were half way done with our burgers and the fries were cold.
4	Really good food. The Organic Edamame Soybeans Stir Fried with Garlic/Ginger/Chili were AMAZING. So were the Salt & Pepper Garlic French Fries with Garlic Chili Aioli. I got some with my burger and it was enough to share between 3 people. They have some really good beers here on the menu but the one the waitress suggested they were out of, and the next one she suggested they only had 1 left of. Also we tried to use the Yelp check-in offer which is buy 1 beer get 1 free and apparently you can only use it late at night. They did finally let us use it however since we mentioned it to the waitress when we ordered and she didn't say we couldn't use it until the bill came. I got The Crusty Crab and was so excited about it because it was supposed to come with avocado but there wasn't any on it. Same with my friend's. My other friend had The Banh-Mi Burger and she loved it. We were celebrating my birthday and they gave us free Portuguese Doughnuts with Coffee Gelato. I can't wait to go back and try the Kalbi Burger and Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. One thing to mention is the Windmill location isn't that big and we had a long wait on a weeknight.
1	This is NOT the place to go if you have anywhere to head to afterwards.  Went in during the work week, it is right around the corner from my office.   Walked in at 12:10, were seated immediately (about 4 empty tables).  We had studied the menu online and ordered immediately, did not even get menus.  At 12:39 we questioned the where abouts of our burgers....  We were told they got slammed but ours were next up did we want our fries first, we said sure....  At 12:47 our burgers arrived, but no fries, we asked for to go boxes, our fries and our bill.   12:51 another laid back server stopped by asking if we needed anything we said yes, boxes, our other food and the bill....   12:53 boxes arrive....   12:56 bill arrives still no fries....  12:58 I walk over with the 33 dollar bill to the manager and ask how long it takes to make fries, he informs me it takes 6 minutes but they only have one fryer..  I suggest maybe then they only have 5 tables instead of the 20+ in the restaurant that their kitchen can't handle.  I inform him I am not paying a bill for food I haven't even received.  He asked what I wanted him to do about it.    I informed him I would not be signing the bill and I didn't want the food and I walked out.   If it is a week day lunch hour, you INFORM your customer that you have 60 minute ticket times PRIOR to them ordering.  Give them the opportunity to walk out.  Also don't open a huge restaurant if you do not have the kitchen staff and equipment to serve your dinning room!!!!!!  This place is an absolute train wreck!!!!!  Will never go back, I don't care how great their burgers are.
4	Been here twice so far.  It has become a place to go when I'm in Vegas.  The first time there I had the Miyagi-san.  It's a messy, salty burger with all kinds of stuff - egg, onion rings, bacon.  It is oooh so tasty.I had the Lonely Bird on my next visit.  That's their poultry burger (as if you couldn't figure that one out).  It's very good as well.I've tried a few of their different fries as well.  My favorite is their Salt & Pepper Garlic Fries.  I'm glad my server informed me that their are jalapenos in it even though I did not see that listed on their menu.  It made want it even more.  And more I shall have on my next trip to Vegas.
5	I would love to post a detailed, coherent and eloquent review for this place.  All I can really say is that it was amazing.  I went with a few friends on Friday.  We had a short wait for a table for 5, nothing unexpected.  I got the Kalbi burger and it was the most amazing burger that I've ever eaten.  Everyone else loved their burger (with the exception of the guy who got the Mr Ho's burger; he said it was pretty darn good, but didn't rave to the same extent as the rest of us.)  Our group was in town for 3 days, and we thought about going back on Saturday and even thought about trying to go back for lunch on Sunday before our flights.  It's that good.
4	Happened upon the location thanks to some great Yelp reviews.  My girlfriends & I split up a bunch of burgers to taste test.  A couple were too sweet, but the special topped with a quail egg was awesome.  We all agreed.  The fry variations were good.  All very flavorful with fun variety.  We will likely be back for our next Vegas trip.
5	If you are looking for a standard burger, be warned, you will not find it here; the burgers here are upscale and Asian-fusion inspired.  This place is also a bit small, so get here early because it fills up quick.  The service here was great, and the food was even better - the pork buns we had for an appetizer were outstanding; as good or better than I've had elsewhere in Vegas.  The burger (I had the Miyagi-san) was great, although if I got it again I would leave off the fried egg. The salt & pepper garlic fries were amazing, as was garlic chili aioli that came with them (I could put that on cardboard and still enjoy it) - and just a note, the fries are big enough to share between two people.You can tell Bachi Burger went out of their way to be a little different, and they have succeed, and impressively done it without being cheesy. If you're looking to spice up you're typical burger, you can't go wrong with Bachi Burger.
3	Slightly overhyped, but still a good burger. But we had to wait a long time to get seated, and the host wasn't very good about appeasing his waiting customers. He also kept calling me by another name even after I corrected him a few times. I asked for my Miyagi-san burger to be cooked medium, but it was medium rare. Since we were in a hurry, I just ate it anyway, but too red for my liking. I liked the fried egg and furikake that came with it, and normally I love fried onions on my burger too, but for some reason, it felt like too much. I have to say though, the truffle oil fries were pretty delicious. And the sweet potato ones were not bad either. Our waitress was good, but not outstanding. I'm sure if I came back at a less busy time, it would have been more enjoyable, but 3 stars for now.
5	I just wanted to say one thing...The best darn burger I ever had. I drove from LA just to have this burger. YES, I am crazy. Especially after reading a review from this anal retentive Collene. I am a chef, and I used to own a restaurant before the economic crash. Kitchens get busy, especially all at once seating on a busy lunch. I support you guys. If you had the time to sit there and watch your clock, 12:45, 12:52, 12:56 then pre order your food. It's a busy place, small and cozy, and yes you'll wait. Its the name of the game. If you wanted it fast, go to McDonalds next time. I'm sure you'll walk in at 12:30, and be out 12:32. This is a gourmet burger, and the best in the west.Great job you guys!!!Keep up the awesome burger!I'll drive back soon to see you guys. Its well worth it.
5	I have heard and read so many reviews about this place that I finally decided to check it out for myself. Just walking into the place, it smelled so appetizing that I couldn't wait to start eating. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful with choosing the things off the menu because this is definitely not what you would call a typical burger joint. We started off with the Thai iced tea and then ordered the Miyagi-sans Grass Fed Wagyu burger and the Truffle Parmesan fries. The food did take a while to come out but that is because everything is prepared fresh. The burger consisted of chili mayo, fried egg, crispy onion rings and caramelized onions. It was so big that I could barely try to take a bite out of it. The wagyu was so tender, that it just melted in my mouth. There was so much flavor in the burger that each bite put a smile on my face. There is no certain way to describe the truffle parmesan fries with the dipping sauce except that it was like a party in my mouth. The fries are drizzled with black truffle porcini cream and grated parmesan. All the food is very reasonably priced and I wish I had room to try some of their dessert. I can't wait to go back and try the different burgers and desserts on the menu. I'm not even a huge burger fan but I am in love with this place!
3	Great burger, kind of small, but that is me im kind of a pig. Staff was freindly but they are horribly managed. I believe they forget they are at work and are to layed back and unprofessional around the restaurant. The building is layed out backwords the 2 entrances are rediculous. this is just negative feedback that could help this gold mine. a little pricy for my taste, But my KIKI BURGER WAS FANTASTIC. And the front of the restaurant faces windmill ave. and they are storing broken equipment from the kitchen in plain view of guests really? they need to get this together. The triple D show is gonna have people flock here so get it together.
3	Came here on a Saturday night around 8:30pm, and the place was pretty packed. It's a casual burger joint, with a Japanese twist. We waited about 15 min for our table, there were three of us. After ordering, it did take about 50 minutes for our food. I ordered the Bachi Caesar Salad, and Sweet Potatoe Fries to share. My friend ordered this Pesto Burger and said it was excellent! I can't remember what my third guest ate, but he said he hadn't had a burger that good in a while.The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because it took 50 minutes to get our food (we noticed, because we were especially hungry that night). Also, our waiter and the water filled guy kept checking in with us to make sure everything was alright.... AFTER WE HAD RECEIVED OUR FOOD. It was pretty funny because they checked in with us about 4 times (not an exaggeration). Burgers are good, but don't go here if you're in a rush. Oh, decent prices too!
5	I rarely give places a five start... but it is well deserved at this place.  The burgers are unique and fresh, fresh, fresh!  I went here twice in the few days I was in Las Vegas.  I have read on some reviews that the service is slow... it's a busy place!  You can tell they take their time in prepping their food so that makes it slower, which is fine with me since I wasn't there for a "fast food" type burger.In the two trips I had there I had a couple of burgers that were beef/pork combinations and they were fantastic!Don't leave the place without trying the pork belly steams buns as an appetizer or you have missed a real treat.This is a place I would be a regular at working my way down every item on the menu.
1	Boooo.  This place was totally overrated and not worth the money or time.  We got to the restaurant around 1:00pm on a Sunday and they told us it was going to be about a 20 minute wait.  We put our time down with the host and went to sit down.  30 minutes later, our name still wasn't called and people who had arrived after us were getting seated before us.  I asked the host how much longer the wait was and he told me he never put our name down on the list.  He said he didn't have the correct name.  This is also after he repeated our name to us TWICE when we first got there.  There was no apology for not having our name down, and when I was asking if they put it under another name by accident, another server or host decides to butt into the conversation and tell me that she called the name of "Alex" about 4 times outside an no one responded.  First of all, I wasn't even talking to you, and second, my name is NOT Alex!  This was already extremely frustrating.  After being seated, the host still never managed to utter an apology for his mistake.We sat down, drinks came pretty quickly and was greeted by the server in a pretty timely manner, which was good.  The server took our order and she had said she would bring out the food as it came out, which was totally okay with us.  35 minutes later, we still had no food.  The table next to us, a party of 6, who was sat about 15 minutes after us, who also had ordered the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, got their order about 10 minutes after placing it.  I asked the server how much longer our food was going to be because we had already been waiting 35 minutes for the food, she said we were 2 more tickets behind and that they were really busy, so the food came out slower.  We finally got our food after 40 minutes of waiting, only for everything to come out on the table at once.  Half of the things we ordered were cold too.  So after waiting 40 minutes to get our food, we just got cold food?  Seriously?  Yeah, I didn't know that I had to pay this much money for cold food.Here's what we ordered:Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries:  meh, totally overrated.  The pictures people were posting on Yelp looked fantastic.  However, the egg was overcooked, and the oxtail chili cheese was full of beans and not really much oxtail.  Shogun Burger:  Since the ban for foie in CA is arriving soon (which is going to be the absolutely saddest day ever), I got excited when I saw foie in this burger and had to have it.  The foie was extremely overcooked to a point where it was just grainy.  Way to ruin a great tasting food item!  The burger was cooked to a medium well, which I had asked for a medium.  Miyagi-San Burger: This burger was definitely better than the crap the Shogun Burger.  It was tasty, but the meat was still overcooked.  Ordered medium, came out medium well.  Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns:  This dish was definitely mediocre.  You say Peking Style Duck, and I expect Peking Style Duck.  Some crunchy duck skin, some nice meat.  Instead, the meat seemed to be stir fried in some sauce.  Not exactly what I would expect and had I known it was going to be like this, I would not have ordered it.  The taste was alright, but I definitely would not order it again.Salt & Pepper Fries:  Fries?  How could you go wrong?  They put jalapenos inside too, which definitely made it taste better.  It came with a tomato aioli, which was tasty.  But of course, something had to ruin it.  It was cold when we got it.  I don't know about you, but after waiting 40 minutes for food, cold fries aren't going to cut it.Overall, this place claims to have the best burgers in Las Vegas.  I'm sure there are plenty of other places you could go to to get better burgers.  This was very mediocre.  While everything sounds amazing, it really isn't.  The taste is alright, but not worth the price and definitely NOT worth the wait.  Plus, the service is absolutely horrible.UPDATE!There is an owner response to this review that I wrote.  However, the comment back is completely false.  I was pretty much being accused of not having tried the items that I wrote about because it wasn't on my receipt?  I've only been to this location once and I know exactly what I ordered since I went to the restaurant yesterday.  For me to be told that there are things that are inconsistent is ridiculous, given the fact that the receipt that the owner is claiming is my order, was not.  The items that is stated that I ordered wasn't even what I ordered.  It was also said the manager took our order himself.  That was also not the case, given the fact that we never even spoke to the manager once.  We had a server who took our order, just like every other table.  It is also claimed that our ticket was pushed ahead of 3 other tickets.  I think that's funny, since the table next to us, that was sat 30 minutes after us, got their Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries 20 min before us.  This should again show what kind of service this restaurant provides.
4	Good food. all was pretty good, but garlic fries could have been better. mmmm Hot Bunz sound good right now LOL!!!
3	I love the food, don't get me wrong.  When I have to wait 30 minutes to sit at the table that has been open the whole time, I have issues.  My friend was waiting 56 minutes for a to-go order that he was told would be 40.  The dining room was 75% full at the time, but most had been served.Again, the food is great, if you can get it.  I listened to the lead cook loose her sh!t on the wait staff because she was busy.  Yelling at them because she couldn't get the food out of the kitchen.  "I don't need three expiditers, I need 1!".  This might work on Hell's kitchen but we were ready to bounce thinking that if she can't handle this with 4 people on the line, something is wrong.  How is my food going to come out?Again, the food is great, but not hot coming out of the kitchen.  It took almost 45 minutes to recieve our order of 3 burgers and an order of parmesan truffle fries (which were room temp).  The waitstaff avoided their tables like the plague until the food hit.  I guess they were tired of the complaints.  When the food comes, everyone is back on top of it.  The last time I was in, I stood at the door waiting for somebody to acknowledge me.  There were 3 tables down and about 10 people at the door including me.  After 15 minutes of waiting for no apparent reason, we went somewhere else.  They weren't even busy.  Somebody needs to take charge and fix it.
4	If you're willing to spend a little extra for a "gourmet" burger this is the place for you. The oxtail fries were a let down. It's fries topped with an oxtail chili. Can hardly taste the oxtail n so little chili. I'd avoid this item. The burgers are awesome!! My favorite is either Mr. Ho's or the ronin burger. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!! Looks like I'm convincing my coworkers to eat here this Friday. Chee hoo!!!
2	Let me start by saying the food is very good but by the time you get it you will be so pissed off you won't be able to enjoy it. Now I'm a complainer, I'll be the first to admit, but I'm also a complimenter (which is why most of my reviews are either 5 stars or 1 star). That being said, I cut Bachi Burger quite a bit of slack on my visit because I know they might not have the experience in the business yet to know how important something like, I don't know, having glasses that AREN'T chipped is (also I took a Xanax so that might have helped their case).Our server was pleasant, but like others, she disappeared after our order was taken. We all ordered a specialty drink and when I got mine I noticed the bottom was extremely chipped. I flagged down a second waitress (Jordan) and asked for a glass that wasn't chipped (you know, so I don't ACCIDENTALLY DRINK GLASS AND DIE) and she went to the counter, pulled one glass out, saw it was also chipped and came back with it to my table. "Well, all the glasses are chipped," she said, "Is yours sitting on the table weird or something?" Nope, it sat on the table just fine, I just didn't want to have to sue her place of employment when I cut the crap out of myself.  Whatever, I let it go and drank out of the chipped glass as I watched her walk to a table in the corner, sit and take her break for ten minutes. I drank out of the chipped glass as I watched a very tall gentleman, whose only job I observed in the 90 minutes we were there seemed to be macking on the waitresses, come over and chat her up. Fine, everyone is allowed a break, just maybe, you know, NOT in the dining room where everyone can see you including the 10 people waiting in the lobby to be seated. The rest of our meal went pretty much like many of the other reviews listed: food brought out in a seemingly arbitrary order, drinks going unfilled for 10 minutes or longer (at one point I actually went to the counter, took the pitcher and filled my drink myself), burgers that were requested medium rare coming out medium, etc. I had to go up to the counter again to order flag someone down to take my desert order and Jordan, the "Is it sitting on the table weird", came over to take it. Then ten minutes later our actual server came over again to take our desert order. It was just very chaotic and frustrating.  Obviously the management at Bachi Burger KNOWS of these issues. They clearly read the yelp page and I'm clearly not the first person to complain, but they've done NOTHING to fix it. Maybe they just don't know how or just don't care because enough of us come back anyway, even with the poor service.  I would really like to see this restaurant shaped up Gorden Ramsey style. Whoever the tall gentleman I mentioned previously was I didn't see him do anything the entire evening. Strike that, he leaned on things and flirted VERY well, but unfortunately that didn't help us get our food. Everyone else, even the manager/owner, was running food so I don't know if they are just short staffed or poorly managed or inexperienced or all three. I give them two chipped stars.
2	I guess Triple D can be a blessing and a curse.  It's really too bad, the Windmill location is around the corner from me, and I have been a fan since I discovered Bachi last year.Long story, short, FRONT OF HOUSE has gone straight down-hill.  Waited 15 mins before I went to the guy behind the cash register and asked him if there was a list to be seated.  I noted the dining room was 75% full, four tables were waiting to be bused, three were ready to be seated.  I brought this up to him, and he stated that the kitchen was backed up.  HUH?!  What the hell does that have to do with my party being recognized, and we would like to be seated?....or get on a list?....or SOMETHING other than the woes in the BACK OF HOUSE?Only reason we waited another 15 mins to be seated, and not walk out, was because my brother was visiting, and I had been bragging about Bachi since he arrived.Food was ok....definitely had better in previous experiences.I reviewed the other 'Yelps', and agreed with most, if not all, of the complaints and compliments.  I wish them well, especially now that the other location has been opened.  I hope they get-it-together sooner rather than later.NOTE TO MANAGEMENT/OWNERS: If your FRONT OF HOUSE AND BACK OF HOUSE fail, individually or collectively, Bachi will go the way of the Dodo....
5	Me and the husband came on a Saturday night around a little past 10. It was not very busy only 3 tables. We got seated and the husband ordered for us. We decided not to get the Yelp offer of BOGO beer, because we just wanted to enjoy the meal.My husband ordered the Ronin, Kiki burger and a side of Garlic salt & pepper french fries. We drank water. But I noticed the drink list has grown, also they have a good selection of alcoholic beverages. As we engaged into small talk about the menu, decor, and his opinion of the place...out came our burgers, not long after we got our fries. I the presentation of the burger and fries are done nicely.We decided to half our burgers so, we both could taste each others burger. I loved the flavor of both burgers and fries are very fresh. The server made sure our glasses of water never we're empty. By the way, the server was an older Asian male and with his accent sounded like he was Vietnamese or Thai. I always seem to get them confused. Anyways, we definitely will be back because we want to try the rest of the menu. The big plus is that it is open late. My husband and I really like the flavor of the burgers, I had no complaints with the service nor the atmosphere.
5	We walked in JUST IN TIME!!!  We slid home and came in SAFE!!!The GM was telling customers that they only had 8 buns left and if they could go to the Summerlin location.  He closed the restaurant just after 7:30PM on a Sunday and they usually close at 2AM.  You know the food is good if people are willing to wait, eat the burger without a bun or drive to Summerlin for the burger!  We had seen this place on Triple D and thought it would be OK.  Boy, we were wrong!  The food was delicious and fresh.My wife got the KiKi burger and it was out of this world.  She still raves about the sweet bun that the burger is served on.  I built my own burger with the standard issue angus beef, bacon, lettuce, tomato, onions and blue cheese.  The burger was so juicy and had a sweet after taste from the meat and bun.  We also ordered the sweet potato fries and the parmesan cheese fries because they were out of oxtail fries.  The parm fries are homemade and come with a little bit of gravy drizzled over them, salt, parm cheese, and parsley.  I could not get enough of these fries.  The sweet potato fries where OK but my wife loved them.All in all, I can see why people were willing to drive to Summerlin or get a burger without a bun.  For the restaurant being out of buns and oxtail fries, I would definitely come back.
4	Consistently interesting, and the milkshakes are great. However, be prepared for a wait, subsequent to its Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives appearance. My son and I last tried to visit yesterday afternoon, at about 12:30 p.m. on a Saturday, and were told that it would be about a 35 minute wait.
5	Wow!!! Saw this place on Diners Drive-Ins & Dives and I knew I had to hit it up when I was in Vegas. Started with Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. They were absolutely incredible. The meat was super tender and slightly more sweet than beef. Cooked perfectly. I had the Spicy Miso Burger for main course, cooked medium rare. It is the best burger I've ever had at a restaurant. Cooked nice and juicy and seasoning was just on point. They also had a very cool beer selection of a lot of imported japanese ones you can't find anywhere else. It sells itself as a asian-fusion burger spot and it does not disappoint. Remembering the food makes me want to jump in my car and go right now for a burger. Hands down the place to go for a burger. AMAZING!
4	I had there oxtail fries and I was not a fan you need to like it in order to enjoy it. I also had the pork belly and I was not sure if I did or didn't like them. But everyone tastes bugs are different we also had the kiki burger n that I loved so good. I would come here again when am in town but not get the fries nor the pork belly.
5	Rolled into Vegas 6-28 for our monthly run to Sin City...after seeing Bachi Burger featured on "Diners , Drive in's & Dives" I had to give it a try. It was Literally 110 degrees when we went inside , so first off Thank YOU Bachi Burger for jacking up the AC to stop us from melting!! From researching the menu , we knew what we wanted right away. I had the Banh Mi Burger , and my wife had the Kiki's Burger..we wanted to get the Oxtail chili Fries but the order is HUGE so the waitress suggested we order the regular fries with a side order of the Oxtail Chili (only $2 and perfect) ..Being a big fan of Banh Mi the Banh mi Bachi burger was outstanding!!!...Beef , pork and shrimp made into a burger patty , pork pate , curry aioli , nuoc mam sauce and the pickled carrots , onions and Jalapeno slices...this burger had everything. All the different flavors yet not too complicated...DELICIOUS!!the bun was probably the best burger bun I have ever had. I have been bragging about this burger for the past 6 days...The Kiki's Burger was also amazing , with eryongi , enoki and shittake mushrooms , bacon , sweet onion marmalade gruyere cheese and garlic chili aioli !! WOW!!! My wife would have been thrilled to have gone back there for dinner the same night. The oxtail chili was spicy , sweet and layered with gooey cheese (which is always a good thing) we dipped our fries in it and it didnt take long for us to polish that off. Great Asian flavors all around with a comforting atmosphere , excellent service and good prices. We have already decided to make this an every trip stop so we can try the whole menu.....Love it  , love it ,  love it!!  Hands down down the best "non traditional" burger we have ever had.........
3	Was looking for a quick, but tasty lunch before heading to our hotel to check-in, so a family member suggested this place that she saw on Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives.Sunday (7/1/12) they opened at 12:00 noon, so we arrived at 12:10pm -- they were packed with people waiting inside and out front!Our party of 5 waited 50 minutes to be seated and at least 30 min for our food to arrive.  We started with Pork Belly Buns $10 (good flavor and various ingredients) and Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries $11.50 (hard, dry fries with barely any oxtail meat -- pricey & over-rated) The burgers (Miyagi-san $13, Ronin $10 and Kiki $10) were juicy and tasty, but not sure the Miyagi-san was worth the extra $3 for the wagyu meat b/c we couldn't taste a difference.  Parents loved the Bachi Fish $9.50 sandwich, so would try that if we go again. 5 burgers/sandwiches, 2 starters and no drinks = $95.74 including tax & tip, so not a bargain, but certainly worth the experience.Though the wait was long, our server was very nice and the management apologized for the long wait.
5	My wife and I saw this place on Diners, drive ins and dives and so on our trip to Vegas we stopped by and tried their burger.  We tried two different ones and they were both great.  Very different as they claim it to have an Asian fusion.  We also tried the Oxtail chili cheese fries and it was awsome.  We were there on a sunday and we had to wait about 45 minutes to be seated.
5	The best Burger I ever had was from Bachi Burger.  I got the Wagyu build it yourself burger, and it was fantastic.  I have never had such good meat in a burger before.  You know how sometimes you go to a burger place and you get a bacon cheese burger and the bacon flavor just disappears into the over all meatiness of the burger?   Here it was like you could taste each flavor note individually and together at the same time.  I don't know how they did that but it was amazing.We also had the oxtail chili cheese fries and the truffle fries.  I thought they were great but a friend I was with is really a truffle snob and his comment was that the truffle flavor really comes out in the oil that they put on the fries.  Another friend had the pork buns and commented on how amazing they were as well.  The Miyagi-San burger also came highly recommended in out group.  We finished up the dinner with the donuts which were like huge donut holes covered in cinnamon and sugar with some coffee ice cream on the side.  Again the entire meal was amazing.The only draw back to the place is that it was recently on Diners Drive in and Dives and there was a bit of a wait because of that.  But they are certainly keeping the quality of the food up even though they are now busier than ever.
5	I love Bachi! I've been a fan since they first opened and since have taken many friends and family to dine there. The food is always delish and on point. I will say their service is hit or miss. Regardless, I'm a foodie and go there for the food, so I give them an A+.
5	The Shogun burger is the best thing I've ever ate!! I love Foie grais and eel, its a perfect combination.  I would love to try the other burgers on the menu but I can't help it, I must get the Shogun everytime.
5	I come here often since my first visit. Always get the burger medium rare for great texture and flavor(s).Best burger place I have been to in terms of the quality of the beef. Their sauces really hype of the flavor and quality of their angus beef. Appetizers:Garlic, Truffle EdamameHoly edamame! These are jam packed with flavor. These damn soy beans just make me want to stop at the appetizers.Sweet Potato FriesI think the fries come out perfect in terms of having flavor in EACH french fry. The sauce is great too.Entrees:The Ronin Burger is absolutely amazing! I love the fried egg on top as the yolk breaks during the first bite.The Spicy Miso Burger makes me want to drool as I am writing this review. It continues to make an individual bite into its soft, delicious warm center. The sauce makes it even better because it is so unique that I can't figure out how to duplicate it.Their Bachi Burger is also GREAT if you want to just have a plain burger and taste their wonderful angus beef patty.Every individual in Las Vegas has to try this place!!!
5	Excellent burgers! Is a family favorite. one of the few places that I can take my picky teens two and both love the food. The staff is wonderful and service is always good. Ignore the low raters, they are haters. You will love this place.
4	Heard so much about this place, we finally made it.  Yea!  Arrived just after 8 PM on a Friday, and there were groups of people waiting both outside & inside.  The wait was worth it!  I had the pork belly on a steamed bun and ho-ly crap it was good!  Pork belly had great texture and rich flavors that were complimented by the warm, sweet steamed bun.  Our group shared an appetizer of the chili oxtail fries - huge order definitely for sharing.  My brother-in-law loved the Bachi fish!Couple of bummers:  problem with the air conditioning - it was quite warm and uncomfortable - and when my wine was presented it was warm.  Others in my group ordered beer, and although it was cold it wasn't as cold as it should've been.  When I requested the wine be taken back and removed from the bill (I only had one small sip), I was told it wasn't possible to remove something from the bill once it's been added.  Huh?  Our waitress, Christy, was attentive and pleasant and offered a free ice tea while the wine was chilling in the refrigerator.  I appreciated the attempt to rectify, but am not pleased with the policy.In the end, this was not a deal breaker and the quality of the food is great!  Hopefully the issue with the air conditioning will be fixed soon, and the beverages will be served at proper temp.  If that happens...  definitely 5 stars!
3	Four stars is a bit generous considering my first experience to be maybe above average. Came on a Sunday night with my girlfriend. Very busy, yet we were immediately seated since the other parties consisted of high volume of guests while I was with just one other. A plus for that!Upon seating, the waitress courteously greeted us and asked us if it was our first time. Confirming with her question, she gave her suggestion and what is considered the most popular three burgers on the menu. The Ronin, Kikis, and Banh-Mi burger is supposedly the most popular and preferable. My girlfriend ordered the Kikis and I ordered the Banh-Mi. I normally like my meat cooked in medium rare, however, the server suggested that we cook it to medium well because our patties are more than just beef. My patty consisted of shrimp and pork so medium rare would be overdoing these meats. So my girlfriend and I took her advice.We waited about 20-30 minutes for our burger. Though busy, that is quite long. Finally after waiting, our burgers and one serving of "just fries" came. My burger was good but not great. I have definitely tried much better. Nevertheless, I did enjoy this unique style of burger. On the other hand, my girlfriend's Kiki's burger was delicious. It could use more veggies and more dressing but the meat combined with the bacon was stellar. Overall, an OK experience. My rating and review is definitely subject to change because my curiosity will bring me back to try the other burgers/ fries/ etc.
5	I have to stop here on my Vegas trips.I seriously cannot turn down a burger from Bachi.I'm never disappointed with what I order from here!It's definitely a great place to get a fusion gourmet burger that tastes and looks so good.The Kiki's is my favorite and their garlic fries with jalapeno slices are great for sharing!The burgers start at around $9, but they're SO worth it if you're in town.
4	Wow. I'm so glad I saw this place on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. It is delicious! The burgers are piled high with really quality ingredients, but be prepared to wait. Ever since this place has been on tv, people flock to it. Also, if you're staying on the LV strip, taking a cab here will cost you about $20.We started with the Chili Fried Chicken. It was perfectly fried, without too much excess batter, and the sauce was spicy, salty, and a little sweet. You could definitely taste the garlic. The cabbage that came with our appetizer also gave it some good texture to contrast the relatively soft chicken. Two thumbs up.I ordered Kiki's burger, and my fiance ordered the "Banh-Mi" burger with a fried egg on top. When we saw everyone else's burgers come out, we assumed we'd be full after an appetizer and a burger. We were right. Anyway, the Kiki's burger melted in my mouth, and I really enjoyed a new take on a bacon-mushroom cheesburger. My fiance's Banh-Mi burger was so interesting! You could actually taste the shrimp in the patty, which also contained beef and pork. The herbs and pickled vegetables were tasty, but be careful, because the aioli and the sauce together can get very spicy. Our waitress was very friendly, as was the young man who refilled our waters. They each said, "please, thank you, yes ma'am, yes sir, etc.," and they were very helpful anytime we had a question about the menu. Overall, a great place to eat.
3	So I decided for once to do a review while we eat. Well where to start, well the AC is playing up, so its hot in here, the wait time was quoted at 10-15 minutes, it took 20 mins to seat us, close enough. The strange thing is, we asked for drinks while in the waiting area, the hostess did say that was a good idea, then went back to standing against the "bar area".Okay, at this point, it is only fair for me to say i'm in the hospitality business and the way the whole AC playing up thing is being handled badly, for the review I will look by it, but as I'm sure the management will be reading this, a quick couple of pointers, serves some ice water to the people waiting, no cost to you but makes waiting in a sweat box nicer. Also, how about running to home depot and picking up a couple of floor fans to at least get the air moving ? Actually, just talked to the manager, it seems the AC will be working tomorrow and the owners do not want to spend the money on fans.Just seated, serves is nice, cold drinks served very quickly, smart lady.Anyways, on to what everyone wants to know, the food.Yeah, it is that good, ok, its better than good, it is probably the second best burger I have eaten.I had the kiki burger, minus the onion, great burger, the fries were the truffle oil ones, very nice as well.Proof yet again that quality ingredients gives you quality food.Desert time, only thing they have is the doughnuts , let's see...Mmm yeah ok, not the best ever, a little on the tough side, the ice cream is refreshing though, if a little bland, throwing a coffee bean on generic vanilla ice cream doesn't cut it.So all in all, a very good meal, in a less than optimal setting.
5	I couldn't wait to try this place after seeing it on Triple D.  My family is new to Vegas and we haven't found any restaurants that we really enjoy their food & atmosphere. This place is fabulous.  My husband, two kids & I went early on a Saturday afternoon, thinking we would beat the crowd.  Apparently everyone else had the same idea because this place was packed.  We waited about 20 minutes for a table and about another 20 for our food.  The waiter kept apologizing for the wait. We actually didn't mind the wait, if we wanted a 'fast' burger we would have gone to Burger King.  We both had the Bahn Mi burger & the ox tail fries and they tasted great.  We will definitely be returning.
5	Seems like we were at Bachi Burger around the same time as Dave.  We were told the wait time would be about 25 minutes, but was actually closer to15. The atmosphere was comfortable, the numerous servers were pleasant and attentive.  Our food was delicious, it arrived promptly, and hot.Three new "fans" from SB
4	My ex told me about this place right before I left  and said I have to try it for him lol! It was on the food network and it's off the strip so no one really wanted to take a cab just to eat a burger with me. Luckily on my last day here I found someone who was willing to try it with me. There was a bit of a wait, but it wasn't too bad. We shared the oxtail chili fries and split the Ronin and Banh Mi Burger. Both of them were delicious! I liked how mine came with fish sauce and the patty had beef, pork, shrimp mixed in the patty. Definitely worth the trip so make sure you come here and try it!
4	Visited this place from a referral from my brother and sister-in-law. It's a solid 4 for the time put into their food.The ronin and kiki were flavorful. A bit sweet for my taste buds, but you can taste each ingredient. I thought the meat was cooked perfectly, yet the highlight for me was the garlic and sea salt fries. I love skinny fries and they even sprinkled it with a bit of chopped jalapenos. I can see why this place is busy. My only complaint is that it's a little pricey and the food takes time to come out. A good gourmet burger if you're in Vegas.
2	Truffle parmesan fries were so good I almost ate the paper wrapper that it was held in. As for the burger I had I wasn't impressed.  The prices were thankfully decent.
4	Great burger and the chili fried chicken is awesome
5	I have visited Bachi burger 20+ times and always get cravings for it. There is not 1 thing on the menu that is not 5*s. I strongly suggest the Oxtail Chili Cheese fries, the Bachi Caesar, Kiki burger, or the Ronin burger.
5	I'm drooling as I am writing this review....I went here last weekend and I must say, probably the best burger I've tried:The following items I tried:Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries:Warning, this item requires more than 2 people to finish if you are also eating a burger. Me and my buddy made a mistake in chowing this down first. A few points, its absolutely delicious, the chili tasted great, theres a friend egg on top and some cilantro, and some sort of mayonaisse based sauce. The fries were crispy, just wonderful, but yeah just make sure there's 3-4 of you to share, or you'll fall asleep after eating this. Pork Belly Buns:These bun taco type psuedo-sandwiches are popular nowadays. (I've tried the one at momofuku in NYC, so that was the benchmark). Tasted very good, not at the momofuku level, but very well prepared. The pork belly was well flavored, tender and the dryness of the sliced egg really balanced the sweetness and fat of the pork belly.  The portion is a little small but these really should be appetizers.Ronin BurgerProbably the best burger you will try, the meat can be either angus or wagyu (similar to Kobe Beef) if you have the wallet. Honestly you can't go wrong either way because the meat quality is excellent. I asked for Medium Rare and it came back closer to the rare end, which is perfect. It is literally steak tartarte in the center. Well flavored, can't say enough great things. The bun was like Hawaiian sweet rolls (Taiwanese bread).Only downside is, with all the money they are making they should invest in a better ventilation system, cause all the smoke from the kitchen made it difficult to see the other end of the restaurant, but all in all a must visit. I'm coming back next time im in Vegas.
5	After hearing about this place for about a month, I finally had the chance to try the burgers. The kalbi burger was solid. The marinade was good and the burger was flavorful. I wish the kimchi were spicier, but it was great nonetheless. I also had the pepper and salt fries. These were also seasoned well. Bachi burger makes some great fusion burgers for a reasonable price. I highly recommend it.
5	This place is way cool. Except, the day I was there the AC was on the fritz. Delicious food, awesome burgers, great fresh fries, cool unusual drinks and great teamwork of service all make Bachi a great local success. Had truffle parm fries....WOW! Had Matcha iced tea...OMG! Gotta go! Selection and recipes of burgers are out of this world.
1	The food was fine, but the service was a joke.  When you pay $15 for a burger, you shouldn't have to pay extra to change the kind of cheese on it.  And...when you have to order your fries a la carte for $4...you shouldn't have to pay for extra ketchup.  As we were leaving I had to ask whether I would be charged extra for a box to take the rest of my burger to go...
5	The best burger place there is. Visited back in march. I had Ox tail chili fries which have layers of flavor! I here that an Ox tail chili burger maybe in the works! For my burger I had the 4 mushroom burger, can't tell you what type of shrooms but the flavor was amazing! When I am back in Vegas I will be dropping by before the drive back to Southern Cal.
4	We came here tired of the usual eat-till-you-hate-yourself buffet that typically characterize Vegas trips but still looking for quality food. And we found Bachi Burger, the epitome of Asian-American fusion. What a gem to find in the middle of Vegas!Faves:- Organic Edamame. I got the garlic truffle ones, which got a little too garlicky after a while, so I'd probably get the normal salted ones next time.- I ordered the Truffle Parmesan, but I ended up liking my roommate's Sweet Potato Fries more! The serving size is perfect for one person; so if you like your fries as much as I do, do NOT share/split haha. - Sure, the Ronin Burger is super popular, but I also recommend the Banh-Mi. How creative.- Vegetarians! Many options for you. Plus, this is probably one of the only places on land that sells a real-life KRUSTY CRAB BURGER! haha. Plankton, eat yo heart out.BE SURE to specify if you don't want kimchi on your burgers! It's an acquired taste, and the waiters definitely understand, haha. Drinks were surprisingly tasty here! The boba here was probably better than a lot of places back in LA. Get one.Only thing that keeps it 4-star: service was mediocre. It took a long time to get seated (despite there being many empty tables), food took a long time, and it was hard to get the attention of the servers at times.
4	One of the best burgers...period! Just had the pork belly bun, amazing! And the oxtail  chili cheese fries are scrumdeliumtious!! The service needs some work. Our server only came to our table 3 times and our water was empty longer than I liked. But overall, awesome!
5	Food 5 StarsService 4 StarsAtmosphere 3 StarsThe food is outstanding. You can tell the Chef really takes notice of the quality and freshness the food by the way the food tastes. I like the limited menu because it's put together well and doesn't get distracted from the fundamental idea "Gourmet Burgers". The service is Okay only because its a small business that can't afford to fully staff the dining area when it gets really busy. Be patient with the service because it's a local business and it's impossible to hire enough people to work the rush on a Saturday night. All the employees really care about the customer so I'm always willing to overlook a few things for Great food and local businesses. Start with a Cheese burger and work your way around the menu over time. It's great food at a decent price.
5	Awesome burger place!!!! Had to check it out since all my friends said it was the bomb and OMG even my G/F was like its the best burger place she has eaten at. We ordered the chili fried chicken and it was surprisingly light for being fried. Sarah, ordered the ronin burger and i ordered the manga burger see pics. Also order honeydew boba which they make their boba from scratch. Can't wait to come back and try everything else.
5	Las Vegas is my hometown and I am there a few times a year to visit family. Bachi Burger was built during my last year in Vegas before I moved to Boston literally two minutes away from my house.Bachi has the best burgers I have ever tasted in my life. Hands down. I cannot find the words to describe them. I could search the volumes of Poe and Emerson and Twain and even their brilliance combined could not do poetic justice to this burger.I have since adopted a vegetarian lifestyle and this burger is one of the few meats I miss eating. I still insist on going to Bachi Burger every time I am home for a visit. Their salt and pepper fries (with huge chunks of garlic and jalapeno) and garlic aioli are delicious and I love to snack on them.If you like burgers, go have a bachi burger. If you don't like burgers, go anyway. It'll make you like burgers. Oh, and my favorite Bachi memory? I took my boyfriend there for the first time for lunch. He and I were still hanging out at 7 pm and I asked where he wanted to go for dinner. At his request we went back to Bachi Burger. While waiting to be seated a man walked in and asked us if we'd ever eaten there before. My boyfriend's response was, "Yeah, for lunch." The guy told us he had initially been at a restaurant down the street and asked the hostess there if Bachi was any good. She told him it was ok, but he decided to take our word for it.
2	Our first time we were going to try Bachi Burger, there was a 30 min wait for lunch. So when we finally went back to try it, we were less than impressed . First, the guy who seated us seemed less than happy about having to seat us. Some people came in behind us and asked if we were all together, my husband said "no,there's 2". It took the server way too long to figure out that the other people would be a table of 4. As he was seating us, he was yelling at the bus girl about why there was a 6 top set up, pretty rude, all in all. We got seated, then the people behind us got seated a couple minutes later, but somehow, the server went to greet those people first. Ok, but then it was another full 5-7 minutes before we were even approached. When Melissa finally came over, we were greeted by overly fake niceness. Never asked if we'd ever been there before, made any recommendations. She never asked if we wanted a drink to start, so we placed our order. We order the Bachi pickles, which are an APPETIZER, which usually means it comes FIRST. Nope, not at Bachi Burger, we got our fries and then our burgers and then asked if we still wanted the appetizer.  When we said no. Melissa asked if we were sure. The manager did come over and offered an explanation that there was a shift change going on and he offered his apology. Didn't actually say "I'm sorry" but said he wanted to offer his apology, which he never did. When we got our meals, Melissa was kind enough to bring extra napkins. And then more napkins even though we never used the first set of extra napkins she brought us, I took this as an implication that maybe we were slobs, interesting, since we hadn't spilled a drop. Oh well. Not a great experience. Bachi Burger was recommended to us by a friend and we saw it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and were looking forward to a burger experience. We didn't get anything more or special than we would have gotten at any other burger place. We've actually gotten better service and much less $$ burger joints. It was a "been there, done that" experience for us. Not one I'll look to repeat anytime soon.
5	This story begins when my 8 year old cousin arrived with his family tonight. The plan was to go out for dinner, then hit the Strip. He wanted to eat a burger. The first thing that came to mind was In-N-Out. But then a nagging in the back of my mind crept in: I had never been to Bachi Burger before. When I suggested this place, my uncle immediately jumped in and said that he had heard of it on the Interwebs and really wanted to try it. Still, my cousin insisted on having his animal style burger. As we pulled out of the driveway, he somehow relented and agreed to save In-N-Out for another day. And so we went to Bachi Burger.But it was a Saturday night, and that means... long wait times. In fact, the hostess mentioned that it was usually much longer than the 35-40 minutes that she quoted. I can believe that. So about half an hour passed, maybe even 35 minutes as she had suggested, before my name was finally called. We sat down. We read the menu. We ordered.And then another 20 minutes elapsed, with lots of grumblings from both my cousin and his mom.So, close to an hour elapsed while we starving people waited for our burgers. The fries didn't even come early. In retrospect, I suppose that was because they weren't an appetizer per se. These had better be some really good burgers.Well, they really were that good, and even more. My Ronin Burger, with all the ingredients that you can read on the menu, some of which I couldn't comprehend (okay, look, it's only two of them, and I haven't eaten quality Japanese food enough to appreciate miso goma and katsu for what they bring to the table), was heavenly. I wisely went for medium-rare, which was really juicy, and I learned the hard way from trying my uncle's Kiki's Burger that well-done is too dry. Meanwhile, the sweetness of my burger was just a spectacular layer on top of the savory patty. Well, at least until I added the yuzu aioli. The citrus element that it adds really completes the burger even though you might not know it was otherwise incomplete.The truffle parmesan fries were also excellent. I only wish that the truffle-infused cream could somehow be distributed a little more evenly throughout the fries, but that might cause some texture issues. My uncle didn't think that the sun dried tomato aioli was right for the fries - too salty, he said - but I did. That aioli was also somehow perfect for the carrot sticks that my cousin so kindly gifted me. None of the other aiolis worked that well. I had inadvertently hacked myself a winning combination.By the way, the semi-impatient mom enjoyed her pork belly steamed buns. I didn't get to try it, but I imagine that pork belly is a winner in the hands of whoever designed the other wonderful menu items.To end the ideal night, we went home instead of hitting the Strip. They were all tired from the long drive. I'm not quite sure that my cousin was convinced that In-N-Out is inferior, but at least he seemed to be satiated. And I got to watch some Olympics on my TV (it was also airing at Bachi Burger, by the way). And while I watched our nation's athletes, I dreamt about the next time that I would get to taste a wonderful delight from the restaurant responsible for the best burgers ever. (Please don't try to correct me on that statement. Just let me live in my fantasy world so that I don't have to travel the world or pay an even higher price for some other declared-best burger. Thanks!)
5	We tried Bachi Burger long before Triple DDD showed up in Las Vegas to ruin our hidden gem.  By ruin, I mean spread the word and make us wait for tables because of the crowds.  This last trip to Bachi was amazing despite the fact Vegas was going thru a major heatwave and the AC could not cool the restaurant properly.Salad was fresh, fries were amazing, burger and bun were fresh and delicious.  The crabcake burger was decent but I wouldnt recommend a crabcake burger at a "burger" joint.  Staff was slightly overwhelmed because their computers crashed and they had to run cards by hand for people not paying cash but all were friendly and communicated the challenges to their customers.  Hopefully they expand to create more space and less of a wait.  Anyone who visits needs to order the Myiagi (sp?) burger.  Insanely fabulous.
3	Pricey but good specially the Ronin Burger and the steamed bun with pork belly...I didn't care much for the Kalbi Burger...Not the type of burger that I would care to have on a regular basis but a good conversational subject...
1	Flies and (possible) case of mild food poisoning. Well, originally I would have only taken off a single star for being too cheap to serve Coke, and instead having Pepsi. I've personally never heard a customer explicitly ask for a Pepsi, but I have seen people change their drink order from Coke to water, once they are informed apologetically that the restaurant only serves Pepsi. I've never understood why owners would consider saving a couple of bucks a month more important than giving customers what they want. As for the food itself, it was very good. I also found the pineapple ketchup to be unique and very tasty. The real problem was that the place was full of flies! It was pretty difficult to enjoy my food while defending it, and myself from the flies. It was pretty disconcerting when one actually flew into my ear! I noticed that I wasn't the only customer spending his time trying to swat the flies away. When the waiter came by to ask me if I needed anything, I told him that I could use a fly swatter. Apparently, judging by the smirk, he either didn't get the not so subtle hint, or couldn't be bothered with trying to fix the problem. Upon leaving, I noticed that they were doing work outside on the chairs. Most likely they couldn't be bothered with closing the back door. Of course, this was only a mild discomfort, compared to the stomachache and three hurried trips to the bathroom a few hours later. Without expounding too much about what was happening to my GI system, I'm pretty sure the food gave me a mild case of food poisoning. I'll not be returning to or recommending this restaurant. Maybe this is the real meaning of, "bachi".
4	F@#$% In and Out, this place has the some of the best burgers I've eaten.  The peanut butter milkshake is the "essence of peanut butter", not sure how else to describe it.  Just expect a wait, since this place is not a hidden gem anymore...
1	The raw food wasn't the worst part (the "in your face" manager was)There was water on our table when we were seated (a little creepy, since we couldn't see that it hadn't been previously been given to someone else.  Also, it was unfiltered and had a bad taste.)We had heard about Bachi Burger on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and checked out the reviews before going.  The menu was very creative, and my husband and I looked forward to our Truffle Parmesan Fries (which we ordered as an appetizer), Ronin Burger and Kiki's Burger.The fries took a while to come out, and while they weren't what we expected, they were delicious.  We were disappointed that we weren't given plates and that they all didn't have truffle flavor, but they were very good overall and the dipping sauce was great.The burgers arrived while we were eating our appetizer.We both ordered our burgers "rare," and our burgers both came "black and blue."  The toppings on the burgers were tasty (except the egg on my Ronin burger was overdone)  My husband managed to eat half of his burger but really didn't enjoy it.Our server never once checked in on us, so my husband wasn't able to send his burger back to be cooked.  When the server finally came back and finally asked us how everything was, my husband told him that his burger was undercooked and said how disappointed he was that the server never checked in with us.  The server offered to have another burger made or to "do something," but my husband didn't want anything other than the check and asked that the server just clear the table.  A few minutes later, the "in your face" manager came to the table, shoved the plate under my husband's nose and belligerently told him that the burger was rare.  The manager was really nasty and defensive.  We were shocked by this -- especially since we didn't ask the server to send over the manager.The manager came out ready for a fight and refused to try to understand that all my husband wanted was recognition that the server should be trained to check in on tables shortly after food is served so that issues can be dealt with on a timely basis.After the manager left, one of the owners overheard that something was wrong and came over to the table.  My husband asked for an apology from the manager.  The manager was brought out and continued to be snarky and defensive. (His apology to my husband was akin to that of a eighth grader whose mother makes him apologize for something that he didn't  think was wrong.)The table of five next to us also had undercooked burgers and didn't eat most of their food either.  My husband pointed that out to both the owner and the manager while they were at our table.  As you would expect, the manager was defensive, and the owner seemed to listen.  That said, we won't be going back -- not because the burgers were undercooked but because of the shoddy service and the bad attitude of management.As I sat there and watched this unfold, all I kept thinking is that this place is probably a few months away from being a candidate for "Restaurant Impossible."  Robert Irvine would NEVER allow staff to berate a customer because the customer complained about being served raw food.I understand that restaurants can have an off night but the manager's attitude is simply unforgivable.
5	If this review is simply about the burger then it's simply 5 stars. No question is that one of the best burgers I've ever had. I didn't know what to expect but everything about it was perfect and fantastic. I asked for medium rare- they nailed it. I wanted juicy- I got it. I wanted good- I got fantastic. I ordered the ronin burger: Ronin Burger, which is Angus Beef, Caramelized Onions, Japanese Cole Slaw, Miso Goma Dressing, Fried Egg, Katsu BBQ, and Yuzu Citrus Aioli (and a sweet Hawaiian style bun). Weird? Maybe. Does it matter? No. It was awesome. Did I say that already? It's possible that I just nailed the perfect menu item. Seeing other reviews I would guess not really. We did have the parmesan fries- I could have done without. At least 7 beers listed on the menu were out of stock. That was a bit disappointing. And in terms of atmosphere, it's nothing special. It's great if you're getting a burger but not so much if you're looking for a nice night out. I would definitely come back here regardless of my intentions for the night! ;) And maybe the beer will be re-stocked by then!
4	Yummmmmm! The shrimp chips are awesome here!! Unique Asian-inspired burgers that are the bomb!!! The buns are so yummy!
4	Food is really good here!  The truffle fries--amazing!  Would def eat here again!  The alcohol is eh, but the food makes up for that!
5	My wife and I tried out this place when it first open.  I have to say, I am glad I waited awhile before I posted a review.  The first couple of times we went into the establishment we had horrible service.  Our first visit had us had us waiting over 45 minutes just to be asked what we wanted to drink!  My wife and I both felt it would be unfair to judge the place bast on customer service and not have tried their food, and I am glad we did.  The service had greatly improved ,and their burgers are excellent.  I have tried almost every burger on the menu without a negative experience.  Their sweet potato fries and truffle fires are amazing. Their sake is also very good and served in some rather interesting carafe styles..  The one down side to this place is that it can be expensive, and everything is A LA carte.  All in all this place is a good place for my wife and I do go with friends to have a good atmosphere and excellent food.
5	Hands down the best burger in Vegas!!! Well it's quite the drive off the strip, but it's worth it.Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries are one of those creations that are made to blow your minds away. You take one bite and your eyes will light up. You eat that oxtail and you can't even tell it is even ox. It just melts away in your mouth. If you saw all of us eating this dish you would think we were a pack of wild animals. In a blink of an eye it was all gone. It was just that good.I tried the Ronin and the Kiki's Burger and they were excellent! There is so much going on with each burger. Each one gives unique flavors in every bite. You get something sweet, something salty, bitter, citrus, soft, crunchy... savor every bite because once it is gone you'll be wanting more.My friends got the Shogun Burger and he wouldn't share it with anyone. It was worth $25 so I can understand why, but man I wish I had a chance to taste that perfect looking burger. Guess I know what to get when I come back.
5	If you saw this place on Triple D go ahead and go. It is as good as advertised. I annihilated my burger.  You know when you go somewhere good and you just stop talking once you bite into the food and don't stop until it is gone? That is Bachi Burger.I came from San Diego to get it. If you live in Arizona or California it is worth a day trip for any foodie.
5	A refreshing twist to burgers, thanks to Bachi Burger. I love their Ronin, SHOGUN and Kiki burgers. So juicy and tasty. The duck and pork belly banh mi are awesome. The truffle Parmesan fries are great.I'm glad they opened one in Summerlin but I'm crossing my fingers they'd open another location either in Aliante or the Strip.
4	the kiki burger is awesome.so many *unqiue* burger choices you really can't go wrong.. i'm sure you will find your favorite.decor is nice, service was good when i went.
3	BUZZ- Bahn Mi Burger- Kiki Burger- Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries- Ronin Burger (5/10)- Shogun Burger (6/10)I ALSO TRIED- Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns (6/10)Ok, I'll admit, I was a little tipsy before coming here (it's Vegas!) but that only affects decisions, and not taste buds. Alright?! Case in point, I ordered the Ronin burger instead of the Kiki burger. Should've been a no-brainer because Kiki had garlic and Ronin didn't. ARGH! oh well....So, someone said that this was on Diners Drive Ins & Dives and I didn't believe them, because this is neither a dive, nor is it tiny as hell. It's like an average sized burger joint -- not quite Red Robin, but like a smaller Smashburger or Five Guys. And well, the prices...they're average with a gourmet burger place $9-$10, unless you get the Shogun. DUCK STEAMED BUNSSo, these were pretty decent. They're served on steamed buns, but folded into like a small taco (steamed bun is about the size of a drink coaster). Flavor was sort of a sweet, soy, teriyaki kind of flavor, but the seasoning was pretty good. RONIN BURGERIt's got Miso dressing, Katsu BBQ, and a fried egg, amongst some others. You know why I know I was drunk? I would never order a burger with Miso anything! I like miso, but not outside Japanese food, and especially not on a burger.Luckily for me, the miso is hard to taste, and as for the fried egg, I don't understand what the novelty is. Among the very light and almost hard to find flavors the patty was not seasoned enough, giving to a very lackluster performance. The flavors were enough that you can taste that they're not absent, but it's not enough to really notice. It did have a small sweet and salty persuasion, but again, nothing worth mentioning.SHOGUN BURGERWhenever I try a new joint (especially if it's hyped), I assume that I'll never come back. I make sure to order as much on the menu as possible. This guy was eyeing me the whole time. $25 burger! So, feeling very generous, and drunk (it's Vegas!), I ordered one for the table. I split it into 8ths and gave a piece to everyone. Most thought it wasn't much better, but I thought it was definitely better than the Ronin.It's not just beef, it's Wagyu Beef! And on top of that, there's Unagi and Foie Gras! It's also got peach and miso butter (can't escape miso tonight I guess (Vegas?)). The beef is noticeably more tender, and the flavors and seasoning are better. Now, I don't think I actually got any unagi in my bite, so I'm a little disappointed, yet the thought of fishy eel next to beef is a little worrisome. The sweetness this times comes from a little unagi sauce, which worked ok. There were certainly improvements in this burger over the Ronin, but not $15's worth!BADCHI BURGEROk, my friends all picked on me because I was the only one that thought Bachi was less than orgasmic. I don't know, maybe I'm not all about the "gourmet" burger, but I feel like lately everyone's so worried about their toppings, they keep forgetting about the beef. Sure it's Angus, sure it's Waygyu, but that doesn't mean you don't have to season it or cook it properly! The patty isn't just filler protein, it's the main event! So, if you've never had it, fine, quell your curiosity. Otherwise, just go to In-n-Out.Everyone's tastes are different, so here're some of my references (not in any order):NOT A FAN: Fatburger, Five Guys, Tom & Eddies, Kuma's CornerFAN: In-n-Out, Paradise Pup, Smashburger
5	Love their fries, burgers and sodas. Looooove the chili cheese fries made with oxtail meat. Looooove bachi fish sandwich - it's to die for!!!! The sauce is Soooooo good with the sweet bread. Also love their peach soda. I also had the mango, kilo, miyagi and ronin burgers., loved them all. Truffle fries and salt & pepper fries are good too. Haven't ordered anything that disappointed me. Oh also, I also liked the pork belly steamed bun. Seriously, what r u waiting for, go to bachi now. Tip: avoid going on a weekend, the wait is usually an hour
4	The food here is great, wonderful american-asian infusion.
3	I would give this place a 3.5 stars... Wait was tooo long, service wasn't too great, drinks weren't good, it got quite smokey in the restaurant... the only thing they really had going for them was the food! We came here on our way home from vegas. Yes we could've gone somewhere else when we heard it would be an hour wait, but we decided to stick it out, because if we had gone anywhere else, it would've been the same.  I was referred here by a co-worker. We had the Oxtail chili cheese fries, which we alright, you don't really taste the oxtail, it's a bit sweeter, than just regular chili fries. We also had the Waygu and Black & Green Burgers. Which were delicious! I have to say the best part of our experience here. The drinks were watered down. Even though it wasn't that busy by the time we got our tables, it took a while for us to get our servers attention.  Even with the vents on, it got really smokey inside the restaurant too. Overall it was alright, would i go back? Yeah, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
4	Unique burgers with an Asian flair.  I love the concept, and they are delicious too!  They have a great selection of beers and they also have boba drinks as well.  I love the plantation iced tea, it's sweet tea with mint, really refreshing.  My husband got the Manga burger and it was really good.  It was like sushi on a burger with an egg on top!  Sounds weird, but it was good.  Prices are decent, but I would have given it 5 stars, but I hate burger joints that don't give fries with their burgers.  It just doesn't make sense to me!  But none the less, I will be back everytime I'm in Vegas!
5	Las Vegas is quickly becoming my favorite place to seek culinary gems. I have my favorite restaurants, and for the most part are long gone or back in OC/LA.Bachi Burger is unequivocably the unique hero of inexpensively priced gourmet comfort staples. Om Nom Nom.The lineup is primarily burgers but there are a few choices. If you go for the burger... EAT THE BURGER. Its very hard to not get ambushed by the interesting and attractive apertifs. Ox Tail Chili Cheese fries??? YES. Parmesan Jalapeno fries??? YES. Garlic Truffle fries??? YES. Pork Belly or Peking Duck Breast steamed Bao??? Oh god, yes. NO. MAKE A SPECIAL TRIP FOR THE SIDES. They are intriguing enough to stand for their own visit.Hands down favorite: The 3 Masters. Theres 3 burgers with WAGYU beef. Grass fed, massaged, bathed in buttermilk, living lives on 5star farms is very lush valleys around the world, these cows yield meat that can be in excess of $100/lb. The Miyagi San. Wagyu, applewood smoked bacon, tempura onion fried egg, furukake on a sweet hawaiian type roll. The Green/Black Wagyu, bacon, spinach, sauteed shitake, pt reyes blue cheese and carmelized sweet onions. The Shogun. Wagyu, foie gras, unagi, poached asian pear, yamamono peach miso butter.Its good if you feel like youre dying (going to heaven) as you eat it. Steve Ks exact reaction was exactly that. He looked like he was having a stroke. Its that good. There will almost always be a wait. It will always be worth every second... And every penny. I still don't know where I can name has a more flavorful and inventive burger. Maybe Slaters 50/50... But their food never made me feel like Bachi does.
3	Food was great... Service could be way better. Waited 15 min for a beer and soda.  Another server dropped off our drinks. Didn't see our server long periods of time.  Overall I am a fan, probably ask for a different server.
3	I liked it.  There's no doubt about that, but I guess it just wasn't what I was looking for.  I love Japanese cuisine, and I enjoy pursuing the elusive, better-than-In-N-Out, perfect burger.  I only tried the Ronin Burger and the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, but I wasn't left with the idea that I would be back.  (My bill came to about $25 without tip.)  The novelty wore off very quickly.You'll enjoy your experience, however.  The restaurant itself was very busy--Los Angeles will have one of it's own this Fall, 2012--and the staff was very personable and all smiles.  The food is a new and refreshing twist on the sometimes commonplace hamburger, and the presentations are eye-catching, as you would expect with a Japanese influence.  Myself, I thought what I had ordered, which was highly recommended by our server and host, was too sweet.  I was expecting to bite into something that was much more robust.  Again, I hadn't tried everything; but for now, it's "been there, done that."
5	Saw this place from DDD and decided it had to be included for my diet cheats in Vegas. Ordered the oxtail fries $11.5 Pretty good. All the guys loved it. It was something different to try. I ordered the Mr. Ho's burger $9.5 and the rest of my group ordered the Kikki burger $10 and 2 Manga burgers $11. Mr. Ho's burger was good, I assume intended to have a sweet and savory balance however I think mine was more too sweet. The bf got the Kikki burger which I really liked. He interpreted it to be like a mushroom swiss burger. If the gruyere cheese throws you then don't worry because I didn't taste it. It was yummy to me. My friend who ordered the Manga burger Loved it. He described it as melting in your mouth flavors. I had a bite but guess I didn't take a big enough one bc I didn't have the same reaction. The bf said the bite he had was good and tasted like a big chunk of crab mixed in. Overall I think a good choice but it was the special for the day when we went. One of our friends who wanted to try and maintain his diet ordered the Ahi tuna burger. He said it wasn't anything special. He had a better one in Austin. I also ordered a side of the Parmesan truffle fries $4 but with the gravy on the side. Nothing spectacular. Just regular fries if you need a side with your burger. Overall, I will be going back to try the other burgers when I'm back in Vegas. Worth the trip to go off the strip for lunch. Also we went at about 11:30 and it wasn't packed but when we left about an hour later there was a long wait so we were glad we missed the lunch rush.
4	Came here after 10PM on a Saturday night, a short wait (got a table by the door; since we did have a one year old with us).  I ordered the Shogun burger, which was very tasty (much better priced than the Rossini burger at the Burger bar).  The use of unagi is quite ingenious since it does make the burger more moist (and it blends in with the foie gras; so they can cheap out).Food:  4.5 starsService: 2.5 stars (did not see much of our server, especially at the end)Price:  4.0 stars (compared to other vegas eateries)Atmosphere/comfort:  3.5 stars+1 star for serving Foie Gras
5	THIS PLACE WAS AMAZING. WHY ARENT YOU LOCATED IN CALIFORNIA?!?i simply do not have the money to travel back and forth from Cali to Vegas for every time i'm craving this. The first time i've had it was 5 days ago (and i've had a million cravings since.) KALBI BURGER -- you did me good.THIS WAS THE FIRST TIME I'VE EVER FINISHED A BURGER AT A RESTAURANT. if you like korean BBQ, and you like KIMCHI cucumbers, this burger is definitely for you. the bun was soft and fluffy which was enough to compliment the korean sesame seasoned beef patty. the side of kimchi cucumbers boosted the flavorful burger. it added a zesty smell which wasn't spicy, but very stimulating with E-V-E-R-Y singleeeeee bite. JUST FRIES WITH PINEAPPLE KETCHUP-  Y U TASTE SO GOOD? yet so simple. definitely worth trying. but they charge 50 cents for extra. the pineapple definitely enhanced the distinctive aroma of regular plan ol' ketchup. k. i can't type anymore, the more i think about how good this place was, the sooner i'll die from separation anxiety and depression.
5	My boyfriend & I saw this place on Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives & decided to try it. I was leery because it is a different combination of tastes, but I must say, bar-none, this was the BEST burger ever. A fantastic combination of flavors, juicy, fresh & hot! And the sauce they served with the burger was great! Highly recommend, one will not regret it!
1	Call the health department about the raw food and fire Frank the manager!!!!!!  I went to Bachi Burger tonight on the recommendation of a friend.  I ordered a Kiki Burger medium rare.  I typically like hamburgers rare, but this was a burger in a restaurant, so I ordered it medium rare.  I was so hungry I was five bites in before I realized what I was eating....the burger was raw inside.  I asked my friend who was a chef to look too, and she confirmed that it was raw.   Not to mention, it was horribly sweet.  I would have ignored the bad taste, I was starving, but it was disgusting inside.  Raw and cold inside.  The manager came over to check on us and I didn't want to say anything, but my husband piped up and said "her burger is rare, and she doesn't like it so she would like to order something else."  Rather than take the plate away and apologize, he started to argue with my husband.  He said "that is how we serve our burgers and if you don't like it, you should have ordered it another way."  My husband said "you are out of your mind if you think that is medium rare....where do you go from here if someone wants a rare burger?  You haven't left yourself any room to be more raw."So, now I am uncomfortable.  I didn't want to say anything in the first place, but the manager did ask.  He took the plate away.He came back, with the plate in his hand, and demanded my name.  He sort of stood there and asked as if he was going to write my name on the wall in the back.  I was speechless.  My husband told him his name and demanded to know why I was being asked.  The manager then said that he had had a discussion with another manager and they "were concerned that the burger had been half eaten."  I was shocked.  He started attacking me and demanding to know why I had eaten as much of the burger as I had if I "really didn't like it" and that under no circumstances would they refund any money!   My husband and I are quite comfortable financially.  We have been fortunate enough to retire well and early and the last thing I would ever do is to try to scam half a hamburger from someone.  Moreover, we never asked to get anything for free.  Now, that doesn't mean I wouldn't expect a decent restaurant to offer.   I have sent food back maybe 5 times in my whole life, and each of those times I was offered free food and had to fight to pay for it anyway.  Most of the time it isn't their fault if I don't like something.  But, this was different....the food was raw.   Even still, we didn't ask for anything for free.   My husband was so angry, as was my friend.  I just wanted to crawl under the table and die.  This manager is standing there yelling at me for something I haven't done.  We were ready to walk out, when the manager walked away.  It was only because of the waiter that we stayed.  He was so very kind.  The manager then comes back a little while later and tries to apologize.  But, in doing so he makes the snarkiest little comment....he says he will take 25% off and he will give me the burger I sent back in a box to go.  The last thing I wanted was to ever see that burger again.  It was disgusting.  My husband said, if he wanted to take 25% off the check as an apology that might satisfy him.  But, boy was I miserable.  I have so far been fed terrible raw food, been yelled at for not liking it and then treated like a dog when I was told I should take that food home and eat it later..and why did they still have it?   When we were ready to go, I found out the manager had taken a lousy 2.50 off!  Turns out he meant he would take 25% off the price of the ten dollar disgusting burger, not the whole check as he should have.  I was vomiting in the bathroom at this time or I would have demanded that we pay the extra $2.50, I don't need his lousy money.  Oh, yes...I was vomiting in the restroom.  It is 5 hours later and I am still doubling over from cramps.  Was it the burger?  Either that, or the potato chips I had earlier in the day.  My bet is on the burger.   I should have taken that mealy burger to go so I could show it to the health department.  My friend was so embarrassed that she had suggested the place, my husband was put in a miserable position, and I was in tears (at least on the inside, on the outside, I think I kept the tears from falling.)  Why did he ask my name?  Why did he tell me that it was my fault that I didn't know that medium rare meant raw inside to them?  Why did he assume I was trying to steal from him?  I am a size 8.  do I look like someone who tries to steal a half a hamburger?  Why did I eat that awful burger and have to have these awful cramps all night?  Oh why oh why did I ever go to Bachi burger???? Update:  The owner was kind and after he heard about this said that Frank had been spoken to and he apologized deeply and said this is not the kind of service they expect...and he gave my friend a gift card and even waited on us when we retur
5	I have to make a confession: Usually, when I visit Las Vegas, I never think to leave the Strip.I know, I know -- Vegas locals despise people like me.  I'm talking about people who routinely fail to acknowledge that, surrounding the much-ballyhooed Strip, there's actually a large, diverse, and happening city  -- a city with countless hidden culinary treasures.Bachi Burger is one of those treasures.  After Craig R. piqued my interest with his mouthwatering descriptions of Asian-inspired fusion burgers, I had to check it out.I dropped by here for lunch on a Saturday.  Bachi is located in a random strip mall on Windmill Lane (take the Blue Diamond Rd exit from the 15).  At ~11:30am, parking was a breeze and there were ample tables available.  I guess I should be thankful I missed the massive crowds that are known to congregate here.The interior isn't much to look at (very minimalist and clean), but Bachi is all about the food.  I enjoyed the Ronin burger, which was cooked to a perfect medium.  It was topped with a decadent fried egg, crunchy cole slaw, and tangy BBQ sauce.  However, what really elevated this burger were the caramelized onions, whose depth of flavor was extraordinary.  The burger came with a small ramekin of yuzu aioli, which was also delectable -- I would've licked the damn thing clean if people weren't looking.On the side, a had a bowl of their chili ginger edamame.  Let me say that this was the finest edamame that I've ever tasted.  Most edamame is overcooked into mush -- but not at Bachi.  Bachi's edamame is crunchy, fresh, and delicious.  The ginger was delightful, and the chili sauce provided a level of spice that was intense but not overpowering.Service was fantastic.  My server, Kelly, moved quickly and efficiently -- always making sure that I was happily taken care of.  Even the prices are fair, since you're not dealing with the up-charges that are more typical of Strip restaurants.I can't wait to try Bachi's delicious delights again.  I'm drooling just thinking about it.
5	I fell in love with the bachi burger across town. This one maintains my expectations. Clean place. Amazing food. Great service. Love the black and green burger and the kiki's burger. Yummy! The flavors just meld together perfectly!
4	After all the rave that I've been hearing about this place, it was really good! Ordered the konin burger w/ garlic fries; not a big fan with the type of buns they used but this time it worked really well. Oh deng the sauce that went along with the burger was BOMB. Same with the garlic fries. Staffs are friendly and very prompt; they need to tone it down a bit though, we felt like we were being rushed. I wanted to enjoy my meal with my company. Overall it's a must try and I'll be back forshure...
4	Super solid burger concept. Great flavor combinations. I wanted to order the whole entire menu... Wait a minute that's not a bad idea. One awesome burger at a time!
4	Japanese style handburgers?!? How often are you going to hear that together. That's what attracted to me to this place and in through the front door. The 1st time I came I ordered the Shogun burger (Pretty sure that's what it's called but it's the most expensive burger that came with kobe patty, unagi, foie grais, etc) and when I first bit into it, it was a taste that immediately wanted me to savor all of the delicious flavors. There's so much flavor in the burger that you could taste the foie grais, unagi, and sauce and enjoy it to it's fullest. You really have to give this burger a try if you go here.I did come another time and tried the other burger which I believe was the ronin but it did not have nearly as much flavor and would definitely not be that great of an experience. Your burger doesn't come with any sides like fries so be sure to order some if you'd like. 1 order of fries can easily feed at least 2 people and possibly 3 so don't order one for each person. I also tried some of the drinks like the strawberry jasmine tea lemonade and the momotoro peach drink and they were both not very good and not great drinks to compliment the food.This place is off the strip so may not be worth it if you have to taxi to get there but if you do make the effort to come out here, you would be punishing yourself for not getting the Shogun burger. I wouldn't even come here again if I didn't order that.
5	Amazingly complex flavors. House sodas are fantastic. Service superb.
3	My boyfriend and i tried the Ronin burger and it was okay. It wasn't anything extraordinary and something i could have made at home. However, the service was impeccable! We ordered fries that didn't come out until we were pretty much done with our meal. The server took it off the bill and still brought it to us. Our pepsi was refilled when the cup was half full. Bottom line is, food was good but the service was better!
5	I cannot wait for them to open their West LA location!  This place was amazing!The Strawberry Lemonade was awesome and perfect on such a hot day. We loved our Salt and Pepper French Fries.  My burger, the Kalbi was amazing - I love the kalbi marinade and kimchi on a perfectly cooked burger with a soft bun. It was awesome and was promptly devoured.  Mr R ordered the Bahn Mi burger and loved it as well.I was a bit nervous about the service and the wait as I have seen other Yelpers who weren't so happy with the service - but we were very happy with BJ who took care of us and everyone else. There were always lots of employees (and management) around serving food, clearing plates, making sure everyone had what they needed.Hopefully I won't have to wait for my next Vegas trip to have a Bachi Burger and the West LA one will open soon!
5	I've never before had a burger and fries that I've had to excuse myself from the table and go to the bathroom to clean myself off after the foodgasm.
5	I first came here after finding out that it was going to be featured on Triple D. We wanted to check it out before it was unveiled to the world and then everyone would be flocking to it. Since then, I've gone back a bunch of times and every time the food has been delicious (It makes me sad to see that some yelpers had bad experiences 'cause I just can't imagine it).I've tried a variety of burgers and appetizers now. You really can't go wrong with anything you choose. The flavors are delectable, and it's all so unique. I would have to say my favorite burger is the Kalbi burger--I order it without kimchi though. Fabulous flavors from the meat to the sauce that they put on it. I've also had the Banh Mi Burger, the Ronin, and a couple more I can't recall right now. Again, I can't think of a single thing to complain about any of them. Everyone should try the oxtail chili cheese fries, though. I know the name can be intimidating to some who aren't adventurous in their food experiences, but it is so delicious! The meat part reminds me of bbq pulled pork, but it has a kick to it that makes it a little spicy. On top of thinly cut fries and a fried egg, this app is amazing. The fries, whichever way you get them, are good. Thin cut, so there's a bit of crunch to them. The other appetizer I've had was the Bachi Pickles. From my understanding, it changes almost day to day because it just depends on what vegetables the chef felt like pickling the night before. It was very different and interesting. I liked most of them, but I wouldn't say it's the dish for everyone.Almost every time I've gone, I've ordered the jasmine milk tea with boba to drink. It's so delicious. I wouldn't say the boba is amazing, but it's decent for a restaurant. I just love that milk tea. It's very floral, though, so I wouldn't recommend it to someone that doesn't like very flowery tasting tea.Finally, the servers have always been really nice. The wait time has gone up since it's aired on Triple D, of course, but it's never really that bad. It's almost a coin flip. I've gone on a regular Monday night and the place was packed; probably a 30-40 minute wait to be seated if memory serves me correctly. Then I've also gone on a Tuesday night and barely anyone was there, so it just depends on how lucky you are I suppose.
5	The best burger I have ever eaten....I ordered the Miyagi-san wagyu beef burger--chili mayo, bacon, egg, onion rings, and furikake.  It had a good soft bun which I like.  On paper, the burger sounded interesting, but in my mouth, it was amazing!  I recommend this burger to anyone that visits Bachi Burger.  You will not be disappointed.  Almost too good to be true considering the base ingredients involved, but all positivity here!Service was OK....  The server forget our drinks and didn't really provide informative responses to our questions on the menu items....But if you are in Vegas, this eatery is a must-visit!  I hear they are opening an LA location....
5	I heard about this place on the Food Network (DDD). I wanted to try the dishes that was featured on the show.1. The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries was amazing, the best part was the fried egg on top2. Kiki's Burger, cooked medium was so juicy3. Pork Belly Steamed Buns, I was a lil disappointed. When I was watching the show Guy Fieri made the buns seem so yummy. There wasn't enough flavor for me.The customer service is excellent, took about 5 minutes to seat us and about 10 minutes for the food to come out. I will definitely come back here whenever I'm in Vegas.
4	Be prepared to wait for a table, it seems like it's always rammed.We went between 2 and 3 pm and were told it would be about 45 mins to an hour wait. It ended up being closer to 30 minutes. The hostess was really unfriendly, but the waitress we had was great.We tried the oxtail fries which I liked. Everything on the menu is very unique.The burgers I saw coming out while waiting all looked really "pretty" and the meat patties looked tasty. I ordered the $25 shogun burger, with eel and foie gras on it. It wasn't incredible, but it was definitely interesting and new to me and I enjoyed it. My friends ordered the ronin burger and the lonely bird burger and they both loved it. I like how the menu has such unusual burgers and I'd like to try more.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Came back again and tried chili fried chicken. It's made with a mix of chili, ginger, garlic and soy sauce, and tastes exactly like what you'd get if you mixed all those together. I think it was ok, the dipping sauce had a unique flavor.Also had the sweet potato fries, which I think came with the same or similar sauce as the chili chicken did. The fries were cooked well, but tasted pretty much the same as sweet potato fries anywhere else.Had the ronin burger this time, which had a very similar dark sauce flavor that the shogun burger had. I think i'd prefer the ronin over the shogun just because the shogun is a mix of such unusual flavors, and the ronin is closer to a regular burger.
4	We came here, on our way out to Primm Valley to do some shopping.  A person in Houston actually reccomended stopping here. It was only later on that we found out this restaurant had been featured on Diners, Dives and Drive-ins.  So glad we stopped here.  It's really a unique burger experience.  If I had to describe this place, I would illustrate it as a higher end burger joint, with a Japanese hint to it.The burgers are freakin awesome.. Wow..  We started with a couple of beers and the Oxtail Chili Cheese fries. My wife is not a chili person at all and she actually like the chili cheese fries. For her to like this dish says a whole lot about the wonderful flavor.  The dish was featured on Food Network and it lives up to the hype folks.  For entrees, my wife had the 7 oz Bachi Angus Burger.  On the reccomendation of the waitrees, I tried the Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger.  Both were oh so very flavorful and had a nice aftertaste as well. You wouldn't think of a burger as having a good aftertaste...these did...Give it a try if you are out and about in Las Vegas and have a hankering for a good burger.
4	Ox tail fries super legit.  Pricey ass beer that I couldn't pronounce it's name.  Also super legit.
5	Ever since Triple D came to this restaurant, I had been dying to go. Now that I have gone...IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT!!!-Oxtail chili cheese fries are excellent. The flavor is outrageous with all the different asian infused spices they use.-The ronin burger was great. It was juicy and worth the money.Would I go back...HELL YEAH!!
5	YUM.I'm normally not a burger person- it's way too messy and greasy for me. For this place, I'd definitely make an exception.I split oxtail chili cheese fries and a Shogun burger.Fries: 8/10- I wish there were more oxtail meat in the fries- it was tender, soft, and super freaking delicious. But regardless, the fries are crispy and delicious! Definitely much more chili than fries needed- a good and perfect amount.Burger: 10/10- ahmigaweeddddddddddd how can I describe it- buttery, meaty, sweet, and oh so just AH DELICIOUS. I had only half the burger but I was pretty satisfied. I really can't just simply describe it- you HAVE to try it. It's deliciously amazing.Next time I go to Vegas, I'll definitely come back here. :D
4	Burgers are good, fries are amazing....but service is always slow! Wait time for food is always more than 30mins and the waiters/waitresses hardly ever come back to your table unless you flag them down!
4	I feel a little guilty because I feel like I'm cheating on my favorite burger place in Houston (will be kept anonymous to avoid any breaking hearts). But, it was truly love at first bite. Got the Kiki because it was recommended by my fellow Yelpers (thanks guys!)  The bun was nice fluffy and sweet (like Hawaiian bread). Loved the dipping sauce that came with it! Burger itself had a hint of sweetness and I'm assuming it's from the carmelized onions. Bacon, mushrooms, lettuce, carmelized onions, and of course a tender patty nestled in a bun of perfection! Second time my table ordered: Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries $11.50 - I could only really allow myself to have a few bites from this. Definitely massive enough to feed at least 3-4 people for an appetizer. Topped with a sunny side up egg and mixed in with chilli and bits of oxtail pieces. It was okay..definitely a good hearty app for the boys, but I probably wouldn't take the initiative to order it again. Pork Belly Buns $10-  Comes with three. Buns were nice, soft, and fluffy, and pork belly was cooked perfectly with a sweet glaze and topped with raddish and parts of a boiled egg. Definitely yummy and filling but I don't know how I feel about it being $10. Manga Burger $13 (?) - Their specialty burger with scallops and crab? It was ...satisfactory..definitely not memorable enough for me to go into extensive details about it. Honestly, I enjoyed the Kiki a little more but my friend enjoyed the Manga because of it's unique flavor. Just get both, lol!
5	Best burger ever... It's been over a month and I still think about ways to get back and have another one. Delicious!
4	I'll give this place 4 stars because of the tasty flavors and efficient service. The meat was not that tender nor was it juicy at all....a little disappointing for spending 10 dollars for a burger. I enjoyed my experience, though...
5	Damn, what can I say about this place that hasn't already been said. I'm genuinely surprised to see this place pop up on the little thing that suggests which reviews I should write. I've been going to this place since it's soft opening and have been in love ever since. From the get go, Kiki's burger has been my favorite. I mean, anything with a fried egg is going to win my heart. But, recently they have had this manga burger which is soo good. It comes with the dynamite on it, which just add soo much flavor. The fries are good. The service is good. The drinks are good. Everything is just great. I'll never stop going here and I'll never stop recommending it to my friends. They have since opened a second location, which I have not been to. Hopefully it's just as great as the original.
5	AWWWSOME!My husband and I tried Bachi back in August. We were at a basketball tournament and some teams decided to eat here. It was crowded to say the least! We waited a while but soon as we got seated, service was quick and very pleasant. Since this was our first time here, the waiter patiently answered all our questions. The burgers are definitely flavorful. I was worried about all the different additions to the burgers but the flavors worked well together.The parmesan fries delicious! And my favorite part was the dessert "Homemade pop tarts" . Usually i'm too full to eat dessert after a meal but this was a must!Can't wait for the West LA opening! Congrats to Bachi Burger and we will definitely be visiting  you in Vegas each time we go!
4	You can't go wrong with a place that has been on Triple D....at least that is my opinion.   I vistied the location on Windmill for lunch and will definitely go back.  We were seated immediately and greeted by a friendly server.   Considering it was lunch hour rush, I was impressed with the expeditous service and the repeated attention by the server.I ordered the Kalbi burger which was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.   The bun was fresh, soft, and slightly sweet...but the best part was the bun to burger ration was perfect.   In no way did the bun overpower the beautifully cooked Angus burger.   The kim chee was homemade and full of spice.    The Japanese marinade gave the burger the right amount of flare needed to call it a "BBQ burger".Overall, you have to try this place.   Fresh, homemade buns with a medium rare Angus beef burger that is juicy and flavorful....you can't go wrong by this place.
4	I was pretty impressed by Bachi Burger. My girlfriend wanted to come here for her birthday so we came on a Saturday at about 6pm or so, we waited roughly 20min but we got seated relatively prompt seeing as we had a group of 7. We ordered drinks and ordered food, we got the oxtail chili cheese fries first and man that was good. Really good flavor, the fries were good and the chili was extremely flavorful. Next the burgers! I had the Ronin Burger, the meat was cooked a perfect medium rare, caramelized onions, a Japanese slaw and an aoli.Overall really impressed with this place and the rest of our group was as well. Very accommodating (minus the forced gratuity added) to our group.
5	Great staff, yummy burgers. Not a place to go to if you're in a rush, there was a wait to be seated when I went.
1	Thought this place was going to be great based on reviews and all the attention it's received. I left wanting to punch Guy Fieri in the face. First off, the small seating area while you're waiting for your table resembles that of a cheap nail salon. Fortunately, my wait was only about 15 minutes. We did wait longer than normal to be greeted by our waiter. For drinks we just stuck to 2 waters...being that a simple unsweetened tea would run us $3 each. I waited -again-for straws, and after the waiter took our order, we literally never saw him again until it was time for the check. It was later explained to us later that our original waiter was "overwhelmed". ...By life? I ordered the pork belly on the steamed buns and my husband stuck to a simple bbq cheddar and bacon burger. We ordered onion rings and sweet potato fries as our sides. The fries were beyond boring and bland, similar to what I'd get in any simple diner.... any flavor came from the rancid side sauce that came with our serving and it was completely over-powered by orange zest! The onion rings were soaked in oil. I couldn't even pick one up without a fork because my fingers were covered in grease! Gross! Now, despite being disappointed thus far, I still expected great things!Those pork sliders are pretty much burned in my memory forever....and not in a good way. I usually enjoy pork. I wasn't too familiar with pork belly, but I figured that while I expected it to be fatty, I still expected seared, salty crispiness. My very first bite was a full bite of jello. That was exactly the texture with zero taste to it. Completely disgusted me. No sear, no crisp. The sauces could barely be identified and the described "cilantro and scallions" was more like fresh parsley. That's all. You can't fool me! I gave up after the first few bites and mainly picked at the bun. My husband gave it a try and he was turned off by the amount of fat, as well as how soggy it made the bun. The "asian flare" just made his burger taste way too sweet. The bacon was floppy, which leads me to believe nothing is cooked properly in this place. It just came across as them combining flavors for the hell of it. Slap gourmet, or "fusion" on something and people out here are impressed. When we arrived it was very busy and so, SO very loud! But the tables cleared out quickly and yet I noticed a lot of people were still kept waiting. Overall, I would not return. I normally wouldn't swear something off based on one bad menu pick, but it doesn't seem like you can win with this place.
1	I came to this location last night at approximately 6:30 pm. Approaching the host stand, a tall brown-haired host told us the wait would be about 45 minutes for a party of 2, which is fine, considering its a busy place on a Friday night. After about 10 minutes, we were trying to decide if we wanted to stay or go somewhere else so we decided to see if there would be a table sooner considering parties of 2 are the easiest to seat (I work in a busy, upscale Strip restaurant, as a host).  I told my boyfriend to go check with the host and we were treated with complete disrespect. The host said,"Well, since you waited 10 minutes and I told you 45, that means that you have 35 minutes left. Do the math in your head." Wow, right?! If I said that to my guests, I would not have a job.I also called the manager today and told him what had happened and he did not seem to care, at all. He just listened, then said "thank you, have a nice day." Their burgers are good but not that great to be treated like that.
5	In the early days of Bachi Burger....I honestly went here one too many times and got sick of the place, but I am so glad I went back this past weekend!  The menu is definitely expanded and refined compared to their early days.  Eatworthy items included the oxtail chili cheese fries.....think chili cheese fries dolled up with oxtail chunks, jalapenos, and then a sunny side egg on top.  It was a thing of beauty when it arrived at the table....I was almost reluctant to break the egg and mix it into the chili.  For those afraid of eating eggs slightly raw.....once the egg is broken, the hot chili cheese cooks the egg yolk into the chili cheese sauce...so don't worry ;)   We shared it amongst four and it was definitely just enough without over indulging.  Onto the burgers, they have many new burgers compared to when I frequented this place last.  The Miyagi-san grass fed beef burger I think was made with me in mind, since it included all my favorite ingredients: chili mayo, furikake, bacon, crispy onion rings, AND my favorite fried egg!  Other burgers, I've enjoyed in the past...but not as much as the Miyagi-san is the Kiki burger and for a little less beef action....the fish burger is quite tasty as well.  If we hadn't chose the oxtail fries...the truffle fries are a delicious alternative as well.  The service is just as slow as it was before....but I give the wait time to the fact that the burgers come out and look and taste of quality preparations.  And I still love the bun concept they have...instead of regular old buns...they have what is similar to the Chinese baked barbecue pork buns with a little sweet glaze...yum so soft and fluffy.
4	Mouth watering burgers cooked to perfection. I had the Miyagi sans Grass Fed Wagyu Burger. The egg yolk dripping down the side of my burger was the finishing touch to this flavorful masterpiece. The parmesan cheese fries on the other hand, were anything but amazing. Had I known they were going to be lacking in flavor, I would have ordered them original with a side of ketchup. The waitress was attentive and not in the fill your glass of water every 5 seconds kind of way... We all know how annoying that can be!I will definitely go back as soon as I can. I will continue experimenting with all the different burgers in search for the best one. Any place that makes eating a "burger" an amazing experience is my kind of place. Be prepared to unbutton your jeans/pants when exiting this establishment.
5	If I were a cow and were to be slaughtered, I wish my delicious body would be brought here, for I know I would be taken care of with the utmost delicacy and cooked to perfection.The way I discovered Bachi Burger was by my friends bringing me back a fifth of a burger while I was in vegas.  I was already full from eating at a buffet so I didn't go with them but when I tried their left overs, I took a mental note that I had to go back one day.Fast forward 3 months later, I came here with Ellie, my brother, and his girlfriend and I was amazed at the taste of the burgers.  We went for a late lunch, around 4pm and we were seated immediately.I must admit, the environment of the place was a little too dim for my taste and there was quite a bit of a smokey atmosphere but I'll try not to sweat the small stuff.  Our group ORDERED OXTAIL FRIES, a SHOGUN BURGER, and BBQ BACON BURGER.  The taste was extraordinary to say the least.  I really enjoyed the oxtail fries which was about $12. The entire group split it and my only wish was that there was more meat.My lady ordered the shogun burger which was a hefty $25 but it included what I believe was unagi.  She split half of her burger with another but she said it was well worth it.As for me, my BBQ BACON burger was exquisite.  I loved the bread and the meat was cooked perfectly.  It was tender, juicy, delicious and well put together.  I wish I knew what kind of bread they used because it was perhaps the best burger bread I've ever had.  It reminds me of the bread from in n out which never crumbles while you eat it and it had a somewhat shiny, buttery texture. My burger COST about $15.  I'm not usually one to eat gourmet type burgers but this was well worth it.For DESSERT, I ordered a strawberry tart with vanilla ice cream.  It was a solid dish but it didn't "wow" me like the burger did.  Next time I'll pass on it but all in all, I had a great experience.  This has my award for best burger (so far.)You gotta go here!
5	Warning! service  sometimes dips and you have to  flag down your server, forgotten items,  too much time for apps.... FOOD IS GREAT !!! still tho..... I had to write an email to owner on one occasion and he seemed genuinely concerned.. still go back for food with "meh" expectations for service.Update .. Ate there a few more times and they stepped up their service tremendously!REPEAT FOOD IS GREAT!!
4	Bachi Burger brings together my two favorite things - Asian Flavorings and Burgers. I can't pin-point which one is my favorite because they are all different (lies, its the Miyagi Sans burger but, I didn't want to hurt the others feelings). All I can say is that when you add an egg to a burger, it intensifies the flavors of the burger with the burst of the egg yolk. ::drools:::I can't say I am a fan of the oxtail fries OR the truffle fries but, the burger is enough to fill you up and doesn't really need extras as its the STAR of the show. Try the vietnamese coffee to finish your meal but, order it half way through your burger, as it takes a bit to brew. A nice mix of condensed milk and flavorful coffee.
5	Gourmet Fukuburger!!! Need I say more?! (only applicable if you've tried it i guess) ...ok read this: ASIAN FUSION BURGERS!!! i.e. the Ronin Burger consists of Carameled onions, Japanese cole slaw, Miso Dressing, a a friggen fried egg!!! (yes its ok to drool) I love anything with a fried egg on top! Which brings me to their Oxtail chili cheese fries, yes fried egg topper! Ridiculous! I love their bao sandwiches also! Steamed buns stuffed with BBQ pork belly inside! I haven't had anything here that i don't like, and i hope it stays that way! I'll keep coming back till i have everything on their menu! Thats a promise! Cheeee!!!
4	I've tried it twice, so I guess I have to rate it that I'm a fan. But I have yet to eat there. I hate when the wait is always "10-15 minutes" if its not going to be close to that. Both times I left after 30 minutes or more. Good for them to be so busy, bad for me. Fortunately there's an excellent sushi place in the same strip mall. I'll give them another try since my friends say its worth it, but I'll push them on what the delay is going to be. I'm sure the food is great and the customers seemed to be enjoying themselves. We'll just have to see (and at a less popular time.)
5	I have read many reviews and have seen the episode of Triple D of Bachi Burger.Knowing that I would be in LV I made it a point to stop and try out this place that is reviewed so highly! I ordered :* Miyagi-San Burger which is a Grass Fed Wagyu Beef Burger. Topped off with a Fried Egg,Bacon,Crispy Onion Rings,Chili Mayo and Furikake..OMG! Holy Cow! This burger cooked perfectly medium as ordered, I must say  that this is the best burger I have ever eaten to date. The fried egg and ingredients work harmoniously to make it taste (In Hawaiian terms "SO Fricken ONO!!) . One more thing I judge my burger on is the drip test and yes it passed!. I could not put the burger back down on my plate.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=egDohkCNmDuiszwmvtmd1g#egDohkCNmDuiszwmvtmd1g*Caesar Salad: Good size portion, Baby Romaine,Slices of Avacado,Tomato and Chicken Breast was good and refreshing. The dressing not overpowering.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=egDohkCNmDuiszwmvtmd1g#pq1AGozTZIOeOKMIIIcWrQ*Garlic Salt & Pepper Fries: These fries spicy good! It came with slices of green pepper in it and the Garlic Chili Aioli sauce was really really good. (Note to self: ORDER YOUR OWN FRIES AND DON'T SHARE)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7sPNbCx7vGAaH7SbNPZ6oA?select=egDohkCNmDuiszwmvtmd1g#4-OT6yvqRkjOWerrRzxTMQThe Service was A+ For you  travelers coming from the Mccarran Rent-a-Car Center. bachi Burger is only 10minutes away.Web Site:  http://bachiburger.com/#menu-item-1002My LV Trip Bookmark #5
1	this place was featured on tv show and i was not impressed at all. 1st-we waited almost 10 minutes to be seated, really?? the restaurant was not FULL at all... 2nd i ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries served no OXTAIL, chili tasted like canned chili which was a big downer:( i wanted to try the pork belly steamed buns...it was good, but nothing to salivate over... mom and sister ordered the burger with kimchee and burger was, again, NOTHING to brag about...needless to say, i wont be back to that spot again.
3	Here are a couple interesting facts:In Japanese, "Bachi" are those wooden sticks used to play the taiko drums.In Polish, "Bachi" means grandmother...well it's actually Babcia but sounds like bachi.Bottom line: If you like burgers, you'll have to try Bachi out.  Personally, I wouldn't go out of my way to try this burger joint again.  My reference point is Umami's Burger.I'm a pictures person so check out my links to view the pictures I've uploaded of:1. Oxtail Chili Cheese fries - This is their staple dish so give it a shot and try it for yourself.  Beware of the the jalapenos, they are a real kicker!  The shreded meat will give you a different texture so don't let your mind fool you into thinking "this should taste like the regular ground beef chili cheese fries" because it won't.  I wasn't that impressed.2. Ronin Burger - Must try! The Caramelized onions and egg on this burger was awesome.  If you like the sweetness of caramelized onions, this is a must try.  Didn't really experience much of the japanese cole slaw inside the burger.  3. Pork Belly Bao - The steamed bao bun was lukewarm at best, not the typical not hot and steamy bao, which was a disappointment.  It reminded me of defrosted bao bread microwaved and then left out at room temp, it simply did not taste fresh.  The Pork belly was a thick cut but if it's a thick cut of fat...no bueno.  I'd pass on this.  However, the sliced boiled egg was a pleasant surprise in the bao.
4	On my most recent visit to Las Vegas, I decided to drive off the Strip and try out Bachi Burger. I've seen and heard good things about this Asian fusion style burger joint. The place, which opened a couple years ago, is rather non-exciting. It's a very open tall space, but I felt like the place could use a better job with its interior decoration. The staff was all friendly and helpful as well.Now, onto the food. We started with the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, Truffle Parmesan Fries, Chili Fried Chicken, and then our burgers. The fries and chicken were average. The chicken had a nice flavor to it, but it was a bit dry for me. Totally loved the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries along with the fried egg on top. It's a must order.I split a Ronin Burger and a Miyagi-San's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger. The Ronin has some Japanese coleslaw with some Yuzu citrus in it as well as fried egg. I loved it. The Miyagi San was enormous, with its bacon and onion rings in the burger. I preferred the Ronin. I completely loved the Taiwanese buns they used...so soft and tasty. They're made at a local bakery several miles away. Though these gourmet Asian fusion burgers can be a bit on the pricey side (similar to Umami Burger), they're well worth it. Burgers are 7oz and I was more than full when our meal was done. I wish I had some space for their malasadas for dessert. Their strawberry guava milkshake was quite delish as well. Their Asian-inspired menu also includes a bunch of boba teas.
4	I think the most important feature of a burger place is the burger.  The burger I had here, the ronin, was phenomenal!  I ordered mine medium rare, and it came out more on the rare side, excellent!  Everything about the burger was tasty.  Unfortunately, I can't say the say about the side of truffle parmesan fries that I ordered as well.  The fries were somewhat bland, and the sauce on top looked as though some one dropped a Cleveland steamer on them.  The Thai iced tea was also a big "meh." My recommendation, stick with the burger and you shall go home happy.
4	First time at Bachi Burger and i loved it....my wife kept raving about it and thought I had the best burgers already!  So I decided to give it a try and ordered the Kiki Burger (shiitake mushrooms...yummy!  A bit pricey for a burger but the price matched the quality...nice juicy, tender, angus beef!  Customer service was good...
2	We were greeted by the waiter Matt with "what can I DO TO YOU ladies tonight ? Opps I mean what can I get for you ?" Wow ! Did this guy really just say this ? Joking or not still very unprofessional. Anyway onto the food .. Tried this place once before when it just opened and wasn't impressed .. Thought maybe we just ordered the wrong thing ? So it got some hype with it being on triple D and with the reviews I figured I'd try it again. Still Not impressed .. Oxtail fries nothing special and for $11? so not worth it .. I'd rather go to California hotel and get a big bowl of oxtail soup with rice for $10 ! I'd stand in line too for an hour and give them an extra $5 for tip ! Also got the Ronin burger .. Again it was OK .. For $10 I would rather them give me 3 of the buns only .. That was the only thing that was good tonight .. Also it's a bit pricey total came to $27 for a burger n fries .. i should've went to In-N-Out with the $7 and put $20 on black at southpoint ! Overhyped I think .. Nothing to go out of your way of .. I'd go here only if McDonald's wasn't 24 hours or if fuku Burger ran outta business .. But we all know that's not happening anytime soon
5	Yumm. I split the pork belly steamed buns and wagyu burger with one other. Both were delicious. Pork belly steamed buns were so unique and tasty. Wagyu burger was just a very well executed burger with tons of flavor. Parmesan truffle fries were good, not spectacular. Decent beer selection, though they were out of the one I wanted. Will definitely come back here next time I'm in LV.
4	Came here for lunch during my bachelor party.   Ooops, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.  Well, it was all over my social network since I saw at least a dozen pictures of the Shogun burger with my name tagged on it.  What is the Shogun burger?  Well, it's the biggest, baddest Japanese style burger you ever feasted your eyes upon.  Imagine a huge kobe beef patty with fois gras (duck) and unagi (eel) topped with some of that secret special sauce.  Let's say that's one of the most unique tasting burger I had in my life.  I never imagined unagi tastes so good next to beef.  Fois gras is default good for those sophisticated eaters.You're probably wondering what else is on the menu.  Well, they had more earthly hamburgers compared to the heavenly Shogun burger, fries, duck entree, etc.  Just look at the website and you will know but I'll end the review that Shogun burger is the best!Side note: A shogun is a military ruler (think dictator or general) of medieval Japan.  Essentially they had all the power over their territory.
2	It was an ok joint. Servers was polite and professional. The burger was alright. I love the truffle fries and spicy edamame.
4	Bomb again.
5	FINALLY!!! After seeing this yummy burger spot featured so many times on Food Network & Cooking Channel shows I finally got to experience it...TWICE in one weekend! :DI wasn't planning on eating a "dirty" meal our first night we got to Vegas since I wanted to still look somewhat lean for the Olympia Expo (cuz everybody that attends that convention and show is just shredded to the max and I can't go in lookin' like a flabby chump) but I ended up fasting for over 22 hours and I needed a place to eat STAT! So I ended up here, at Bachi, alone since the SBBF had his own team dinner to attend.I didn't have to wait long to be seated even during their busiest dinner hour (7-8pm). Once I was seated I knew exactly what I wanted for my appetizer to start, the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries of course! I love the fact that the table of 6 seated right next to me ordered the same appetizer, but for their entire table. And I loved it even more when my fries came out and I literally devoured that ish like a BEAST and I could tell that party of 6 were either horrified watching, or completely entertained. As I was scarfing these fries down I could taste every bit of authentic flavor to this dish. OMFG! Seriously the best of the best chili cheese fries I've ever had! I love how crispy these fries were and the oxtail flavor was just orgasmic. The raw jalapenos mixed in with the garlic aioli was heavenly. And the final cherry on top to this dish, that fried egg...omg, as I broke into that egg and it seeped down through all the fries, I seriously was jizzing all up in my panties right then and there!Now onto the burger! I ordered the Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger which came with the most delicious beef patty, chili mayo, fried egg, furikake, caramelized bacon and crispy onion rings. The bun itself had the right crunch and chewiness to it. I enjoyed every bit of this burger. Thanks Kristi (my waitress) for the recommendation!**The following night...around 11:30pm we returned to Bachi! Technically, I returned here and just brought the SBBF along.**Appetizers: 1) Truffle Parmesan Fries with parmesan reggiano, black truffle porcini cream slathered all over it with a sun dried tomato aioli as the dip. The fries were delish! That black truffle cream hit the spot for these fries. There's really no need to even dip into the aioli because I felt it took away from that black truffle flavor on the fries.2) Sweet Potato Fries dusted with sea salt and a yuzu citrus aioli for the dip. You can honestly never go wrong with sweet potato anything! These were bomb diggity, end of story.Burger:I went for the Kalbi Burger this time with angus beef, kalbi marinade, green onions, house made KIM CHEE and a ko chu jang mayo. I think because of the fact that I'm a kim chee whore, this burger totally topped the burger I had the night before. OMG! Flavor was just amazeballs! And the pickled cucumbers that came on a little side dish was heavenly! Mmmmmmmm baby!I also ordered their hot Japanese matcha green tea both times I came here. You get free refills with their teas and it was delicious. Service is top notch here. They are very attentive and efficient. I'm definitely returning to Bachi the next time we're in Vegas. It's a f*ckin must I tell ya!
4	Luv their burgers! They are soo tasty. Great for date night or family night. The waiters and waitresses were super nice and helpful. The greeter wasn't all that friendly but everything else was on point!
4	I wasn't impressed with the edamame.  They were tiny.  They didn't have the nice big round soybeans.  Plus they over charged for them.The burgers were good but not great.  I would go back if they open one in LA bit probably not in Vegas.  But if I had to wait to eat, I wouldn't go.
5	The chili fries ... freaking awesome place. I am craving this place ... might have to sneak over here for dinner again. This place is hip, trendy great service but most important ... the dam food is good! Not had a bad meal here yet.If your craving for something different  ... try this place out.
4	My sister-in-law was raving about Bachi Burger so for my last night in Vegas, we had dinner here with my brother. I felt pretty overwhelmed with the menu since everything sounds SO GOOD.  If I wasn't feeling broke, I totally would have ordered the Shogun Burger: Wagyu Beef, unagi, pan seared foie gras, poached asian pear, miso butter and Yamamomo peach. ARE YOU FORREAL BACHI BURGER?? I had a foodgasm just reading that decadent description but when I saw that it was $25, I painfully had to choose another burger.In the end, I went with the bahn mi burger since my sister-in-law read good reviews of this burger. I figured I couldn't go wrong with this since I love bahn mi sandwiches. According to the description, the bahn mi burger contained the following ingredients: Angus Beef, pork, shrimp, lemongrass, pork pate, fresh herbs, curry aioli, with pickled vegetables and Nuoc Mam Sauce on the side. If I didn't have read the description before chowing down, I wouldn't  have known the pate, pork or shrimp was in this burger. I think there were so many flavors going on that those got lost in the mix. I had my burger cooked to medium and my oh my it was so juicy! I also enjoyed the fresh herbs (aka mint and cilantro), pickled veggies the curry aioli. Those flavors when so well together! I personally thought the Nuoc Mam sauce (aka fish sauce) was unnecessary since there was a lot of other flavors going on. Overall I really enjoyed this burger.The three of us split the truffle parmesean fries, which were very tasty by themselves. The black porchini creme sauce that was drizzled over it was just as tasty but I felt that the sun dried tomato aioli was unnecessary for dipping.Despite what other reviews have mentioned, I though the service was fine. My sister-in-law was also surprised since she did mention service was slow at Batchi Burger. I guess we came in on a good night.I highly recommend checking out this place. The Shogun Burger is on the top of my "To-Do" list when I visit Vegas again.
5	Simply said, best burger in town, if not most towns.Sure, you have a wide assortment of different toppings you can choose from, and a bunch of different fries to pick from, which will make the adventurous among us very excited, but at the core, the marinated Wagyu patties are the best burger patty around.If that wasn't enough, great opening plates (try the bao, their steamed pork and duck buns) and some great desserts (the Portuguese donuts) to make it close to the perfect meal.If I could take away half a star I would.  The service is sometimes inattentive or 100% best service possible, but that is true of most places.
5	Went to Vegas this weekend. My brother seen this place featured on dives, diners and drive-in's. So we decided to try this place on our way in..... GLAD WE DID!!! The BEST burger we've ever had!! We also had fries, and onion rings.. VERY TASTY!! I'm super happy there will be a LA location opening soon!!
1	Another over rated and over priced burger place, dry wagyu burger...what a shame, ordered it medium rare and was over cooked to medium well..
5	I'ma BIG Burger fan, just plain 'ol traditional Lettuce Tomato & Oinion kind of gal. I'm also a why fix it of it's not broke kind of Gal,  but I stepped out of my "burger box" AND GLAD I DID!!!! EVERY burger here is AMAZING!!!!
1	Second time i went to bachi each time hopeing for the best. starters each time where cold fries that are cold suck i dont know why all the servers their and they cant get the food to you while its atleast warm kitchen is no more then 20 feet from the farthest table . I got my brother a peanut butter milk shake it was good but it was hotter then the truffle fries i brought it up to my other brother and he thought it was weird that they had warm milkshakes . When our burgers came i was the only one to get med rare at the table and it was med almost med well my med rare was but into some one at my tables set up and my burger also didnt have all the toppings for it i asked the waitress and she said oh its just a small layer i took apart my bugers and said where is it .I hate places like this gets good reveiws and you check it out and its Crap People have higher standers Big Dogs Is way better their servers are nicer and burgers are better and have micro brews their
4	I had the Miyagi-San Burger which is a Grass Fed Wagyu Beef Burger med cooking which was juicy and yummy.  above averageOx tail chili fries Now this was money.  super good worth the tripTruffle fries was goodoverall great food.  kind of like unami burger in the SF and LA area. Service was so so. and i was there on a fri at 1 so after the rush
5	What a lucky day for me!  I was treated to the BEST hamburger I have EVER eaten!  Better than those wannabe places on the strip.  It's even better than mom's!  The quality is second to none.  The peanut butter shake to start was incredible!  Everything is made to order, so fast food it ain't, but it is GREAT food.  The fries with pineapple ketchup!  Grass Fed, Kobe, you name it!  I had the Myagi Burger...incredible!  grilled onions, BBQ sauce, a fried egg, cooked to perfection!  The only problems are, yes it's pricey, but if you value your health, it's worth it.  I just can't eat a burger anywhere else.  There's NOTHING that compares to this!  Sorry, I couldn't give you 6 stars!  I will be back!
4	Like many of the other reviewers here, I first heard about Bachi Burger while watching the Food Network.  The burgers that they highlighted on that episode were nothing short of remarkable in terms of their creativity and I could practically see the flavors jumping out of the screen and performing kabuki theater on my tasebuds.  Two of my favorite things - Asian Food and Burgers - combined into the same meal?  Sign me up!!So, it practically goes without saying that my next trip through Vegas contained "Bachi Burger" at the top of my TO-DO list.And I wasn't disappointed.  This place is incredible!  I've been here twice now and though I still have several of their burgers yet to try, my personal favorite has been the Kalbi Burger with Kimchee and the pork-belly steam buns.  Seriously some of the most flavorful creations I have ever encountered.  My friends had the Miagi San and the Black and Green Burgers and everyone was no less than amazed.The creators of Bachi Burger have created a winner here.  I hope that their success continues so that I won't have to go all of the way to Vegas anytime that I want one of these Zen burgers.  Of course, for the time being, I'm more than willing - because they're worth it!
4	Went late on a Tuesday night before a movie. There was tons of parking (but that seems pretty standard in Vegas), service was fast and friendly.Being a friendly neighborhood vegetarian, of course I went for the "no meat here"...burger. It was pretty delicious! I really enjoyed the way that they layered ingredients like fried tofu, and eggplant, rather than just giving you a veggie patty on a bun. Overall, the ingredients seemed to be of good quality.Its always awesome when places offer delicious veggie options in addition to the usual carnivorous fare.
2	Nothing stood out for me to go back. The burger was ok, I  felt it was a bit bland thou. We also got the oxtail chili cheese fries, which we ok as well; however, for the price point  that everything is set at, I wasn't impressed. Also felt the staff also rushed us a bit to order.
4	For some reason, I bookmarked this place without actually reading about it.  I actually thought it was a fast food-ish restaurant.  HAH.  Wrong.  It's a pretty nice sit down restaurant!Ordered:Husband tried the Miyagi-sans Grass Fed Wagyu Burger with Chili Mayo, Fried Egg, Furikake, Caramelized Bacon, and Crispy Onion Rings.  The $13 is quite attractive and definitely the way to go if you want the wagyu beef.  A regular wagyu burger starts at $16.  Husband LOVED it!I ordered the plain BBQ Bachi Burger Angus Beef with Cheddar Cheese.  Thrilling, I know.  I'm such a risk taker.  It was very good and however they cook these burgers is incredible.  It had a slight crispness on the outside, but still juicy on the inside (even ordered well done!).  The bun was perfectly soft, but not too much so that it dissolved around the burger.Sweet potato fries were really good.  Perfectly cooked, not underdone or overdone.  I was really bummed they don't have ranch.  I mean, what else do you dip your sweet potato fries in?!  I didn't like the accompanying Yuzu Citrus Aioli, so I asked to try the Garlic Chili Aioli, which they charged us 50 cents for.  I hate being nickel and dimed for things like that, especially when I ended up not liking it.  Oh well.Overall, I'd say my rating would probably be a 3 and the husband would give it 4-5, so I'll round up because I think not liking their creative sauces is a personal problem.  Definitely not a bad place to stop on your way into Vegas, or if you want to get off-strip for a bit while you're in town.
5	Takes all the goodness of America, Japan, Taiwan and that other country that the US invaded and blends it into a burger form factor.   The buns on the hamburger (my waiter was a dude) are great.  they use the Taiwanese sticky buns or the peking duck Chinesey thingeys..   Best to ask them what to order vs telling them what you want.  If you're picky and like your own iterations of things.. just go to Burger King instead..
4	The burgers themselves were okay, I wasn't necessarily a big fan of the bun because I wish it had been toasted, but instead it was super soft- I guess more of a style preference.  I had the Kalbi burger and the Ronin burger on two separate occasions.  I think the Ronin burger tasted better than the Kalbi burger.Didn't particularly like the parmesan truffle fries as much compared to Umami Burger.  These fries were very messy to eat with and weren't as tasty.The ox-tail chili cheese fries were interesting.  There was a spicy kick to it and it was definitely unique.Overall, I think there is a lot that can be said about these interesting combinations for burgers.  Give it a try and see if you like 'em!
1	This review is solely about the service. I have been dining here since they opened. I have brought family, friends, and my boyfriend here. I have never been so disappointed with service until tonight's visit. I was asked what I wanted to drink and I said water. Few minutes later the bf got his soda, but forgot my water. We were sat right next to the kitchen, so it was hard to miss us. Servers, busser, hostess, and managers passed by me all the time. They saw me not having my drink on my table. I work in this industry, and I know how hectic it gets during busy hours, but to not even drop off a glass of water!?!? I wanted to wait until anyone noticed that I haven't had a drink in front of me for more thank half an hour. Unfortunately, no one noticed. My burger finally came so i just asked the food runner for my water. Seriously Bachi Burger?!?! My burger came first than a glass of water? Guys, train your staff properly or your business will go down as quickly as you went up. If I was a secret shopper your business would have been in deep trouble. I have seen you guys grow since you opened, and I am very disappointed with the service. The last time we were here my bf wanted a milkshake. He waited for his shake longer than I waited for my water. As we were almost finishing up our meals the server goes up to us and informs us that they're out of milk. Our recent experience here really reminded me why we do not dine here often. Guys, step up your game! How can you mess up something so easy like water? Tsk tsk Bachi Burger! :(
5	Ba-Zing!! Thing place is amazing. Great food and service! I love the kalbi burger! Kalbi beef with kimchi mmm!!  The burgers are so big you almost need 3 hands to hold it.
2	Not my thing.  I'm not a fan of Asian fusion stuff, why I keep trying it I don't know.  We started with the pickles.  These are not American pickles, but Asian pickles.  There was garlic, turnip, radish, cucumber, eggplant....I think I am forgetting a couple.  They all were pickled with different seasonings, so each one was different.  However, I didn't like any of them (to be honest, I hated them) although I tried each one.  Instant stomachache.I ordered the no meat here veggie burger.  It is a veggie patty with fried tofu and fried eggplant, along with the usual fixins.  I tried to take a bite and burned my mouth.  Let it sit awhile (not long enough, apparently), and burned my mouth again.  Cut it in half, and let it sit awhile (steam pouring out, at this point my old man was just about finished with his burger).  Try number three - burned my mouth!  What the heck!I'm still not sure if it was the fried eggplant or the fried tofu that was so freaking hot, but something on that burger came straight out of the fryer and onto the bun.  Way too hot to serve!  Bachi Burger is lucky I am not the litigious sort.When I finally got to eat the burger, it was good.  I especially liked the bun, and the veggie patty part was really good and housemade.  I think it would be just as good without the fried tofu and eggplant, so if you're counting cals I'd order it without.  Price on the veggie burger could come down a notch.Service was adequate.  They were really busy at 7:30 on a Friday night.
1	I got to say I was not impressed.  My husband and daughters have dined here in the past, but last night was my first experience and it was not good.  We took 6 people there from out of town and it was around 8PM.  We were seated rather quickly and then the troubles began.  My guests ordered the tapioca drinks and the rest of our party ordered beers and cider.  Beers and cider were brought to the table quickly, but halfway into receiving appetizers, tapioca drinks were still missing.  I said something to the server and then a little while later those drinks came out, dripping all over the table and it was quite a mess.  I was stunned that no one in the kitchen had the sense to wipe and clean the glasses off.  On to appetizers.  We ordered shrimp chips, no cigar.  They were out of them.  Truffle fries were just so so.  The Oxtail fries were not the greatest.  The beans were far too raw. I am not talking al dente, rather RAW.  Now come our burgers.  I ordered the Kiki, medium well.  It so happens I get the mid rare. When the overly zealous manager came to check on how everything was I showed him my not so cooked burger.  He took it away.  15 minutes later, everyone else at the table was done eating and my burger appears.  Not a newly fired one, but the one I took a bite out of.  I thought they should have redone my order, not try to recook it.  All in all, I was very disappointed and somewhat embarrassed taking some very important people there.  And, our tab was in excess of $120, which, in my opinion, is a little pricey for what we got.
5	highly recommended to eat a burger. i bet everything is good... this was my first time but for sure will go back and try the rest in their menu. ronin burger was extraordinary... fries was great and the dipping sauce!
5	This place is fantastic!!!Pork belly steam buns are not to be missed!!! Green & Black burger was great!!! 3-way Caramel Apple Tart is awesome!!!I'll be back in January for CES and bringing friends!!!!
4	I made this visit a few months ago with a friend, so I can't remember the food entirely, just the service.Speedy, accurate & hospitable, thank you for the staff upgrade. On our entry, we were promptly greeted & our generous hostesses had us seated right away. I say that in plural as one was in training & the other the trainer, which was very good of the "trainer" to inform us. Our very capable hostess, skated in & out of the kitchen with her pupil in tow, teaching as well as liaising between kitchen & customer. Props to the service.I shall visit again.
4	Hands down the best burger I've ate.  I ordered Kiki's Burger.  The burger consists of a bun with a hint of sweetness, caramelized strip of bacon, several types of mushrooms and a sweet onion marmalade that balances out the burger perfectly. The Salt and Pepper Garlic Fries were very good but did not compare to the burger.Finally, I also had a side of their oxtail chili. This is definitely something that should be ordered.  Lots of oxtail and cheese!  The beans were kept to a minimum.Overall I found the food quality was superb.  My only gripe about the place is that it gives off a pretentious vibe.  The decor is lacking.  Walls are painted brown with a couple of TV's.The wall above the kitchen area contains two chalkboards with some items of the menu written out.  Don't see the point in that as the words are too small and congested to make out unless you sit close.On a final note, the chef making the burgers seemed to have a hard time getting the meat cooked properly when I was there.  I noticed three tables sending their burgers back due to incorrect temperature, including mine.A positive experience overall and I definitely recommend trying it out.
4	Enjoyed a nice dinner here during a work trip to Vegas. While I was a little worried that I would find the place overrated, the photos beckoned that I try it. What I ordered:Spicy miso burger: meat was cooked just as I had ordered it. The condiments really made the burger, and overall it was just delicious.Salt and pepper garlic fries w/ chili aioli: nice complement to the burgers. I have this thing with fries where I get really dissatisfied with boring and "typical" tasting fries. This was definitely not the case. They weren't the best fries I ever had, but they definitely had "character."Service was also very attentive. When I'm back in Vegas, I think I'll return to try other things on the menu.
5	My wife took me there for lunch one day and I was blown away with the burger I had. The chill cheese fries are out the this world. OMF!!!!!
4	A buddy had seen Bachi featured on some Food Network tv show. Since I'm an easy sell and pretty much a sucker for advertising, that was endorsement enough for me to search out this place.As soon as I saw the Shogun burger on the chalkboard outside, I knew I had to be an idiot and go for it. (I'm particularly susceptible to chalkboard marketing, I should add.)  The shogun is one of their specialty wagyu beef burgers with a layer of unagi, pan-seared foie gras (this is what sold me), thin slices of asian pear and miso butter spread. On the side they throw in a yamamomo peach. Not sure why but maybe it helps theoretically justify the $25 price tag.  Before we get to the burgers, I gotta say that the milkshakes (all of them) were awesome. Creamy, thick and diabetes-inducing. I liked my strawberry-guava, but everyone else thought the peanut butter one was tops. The much-talked-about ox-tail fries were a surprise. The ox-tail "stew" covering the french fries is actually a little sweet and tasted great. I thought it would just be chili-cheese fries using ox-tail but it had a different flavor than I anticipated.  We had to stop ourselves from ordering seconds so we wouldn't ruin our appetites. Okay, main event. So I bought the biggest, baddest burger off the regular menu. Did I love it? Honestly for the price I found it okay. The beef they use for their burger tasted good, and when I bite into a burger I don't watch sauces or ketchup to take away from the lovely flavor of cow carcass. The unagi was my least favorite part because its flavor really overpowered everything else (except for sweetness of the pear) and made every bite just taste like unagi. So minus the unagi, I'm left with a good beef patty, pear and foie gras. It all tasted pretty good, but I wouldn't recommend it for $25.I also tried the Ronin burger which has a little sweetness too from a layer of coleslaw and I really enjoyed it overall. Next time I have to try the pork steamed buns and some of the other burgers as well. Maybe the Shogun didn't live up to my expectations, but I still had a great meal and will be back next time I'm in Vegas.Oh, and that yamamomo peach? Popped it in my mouth (it's about the size of a marble) and looked back at everyone else watching for my reaction. I shrugged, "Tastes like candy."
3	I have heard and read so much about the burgers at this joint, so a few of us went over for lunch.  I ordered the BBQ burger,  i was good,, i wouldnt say the best i ever had but it was good, i also ordered the onion rings and garlic parmasean fries... I liked the onion rings better than the fries.. I would eat here again,, but its not the best as others have claimed,,,  Hope this yelps
4	Gourmet burgers and friendly staff. My favorite is the Shogun, signature bbq made with Wagyu beef, and the pineapple ketchup  with fries, and the Chicken Caesar salad.Always consistent.
5	Hands down the best burger joint I've been to in Vegas. The service is always very friendly and on point. And the food..... AMAZING. So many interesting burgers to choose from and they're all tasty in their own unique ways. They also have a nice variety of delicious fries that come with their own specific dipping sauce. These people are burger geniuses.
1	Bachi WAS my favorite restaurant but I'm sad to say it's off my list for good. I've been an avid diner since their opening. It's literally a block from my house and has very unique eats. The service has always been hit or miss, but I've always returned because the food proved to be on point. With that said, my last dining experience was terrible - service and food. 1. Our beer glasses were delivered hot and dirty.2. Our fries were delivered cold.3. Their burgers are served medium, so I always ask for medium well. My boyfriend asked for medium. Mine was served bloody and his was served well done. He ate his unhappily but I could not stomach mine and after we had to literally flagged down the waiter, I sent mine back. He brought back the same burger (which I had cut into) with the meat cooked to well. Again, not medium well. I found it to be odd that they would just reheat the patty, but oh well, I ate it. Mind you, this was delivered well after my boyfriend had finished his burger (I told him to go ahead because I did not want his to get as cold as our fries). 4. Nothing was done to make this right. I posted on Facebook, tagged them, and sent a comment to their fan page ... and nothing. I realize dining experiences aren't always perfect; however, they should have comped my burger or offered a free dessert. This is why I turned to their fan page on Facebook and still nothing was done to rectify the situation. I'm saddened to say, we will not return to our once fav spot to eat.
5	Had heard this place was good and stumbled in for an impromptu early lunch this windy Saturday morning. Just the smell coming from the kitchen was enough to entice us! These were probably the best burgers we had other than homemade in a very long time. The combination of spices, sweet fish sauce, mushrooms, on the Kiki burger were perfect.  I loved the sweet, zesty flavor. We shared the two burgers and the other was the Black and Green burger. This burger had a total earthy, warm delicious flavor. What The buns were steamed and grilled to perfection. The burgers were a good size but not so overwhelmed with toppings that they were messy or difficult to eat. I would highly recommend this stop and according to the table next to us the Portuguese doughnuts were delicious for dessert!
4	I kept hesitating to come to this burger joint because from several people that has been here said they didnt like it.  So, I never would come here when Brad T. would suggest it until one day, Im like "what the hell, why not?"& Lo and behold!! I have fallen in love with this burger joint.  Was I imagining how great this burger (Miyagi-san's Grass Fed WagyuBurger) was! DELISH! We also ordered the:Salt & PepperGarlic French Fries & the Truffle ParmesanFries.  The truffle fries & you dip it into the sauce that goes with it.  It is absolute heaven, never tasted a fry that is so addicting (besides Mcds fries, lol) I can eat probably two orders of the truffle fries. The service was superb, he was very friendly and recommended some things that we should try out next time we were there.The ONLY reason why, I took away a star because I ordered Thai tea & coffee ice cream.  The thai tea was completely watered down, it tasted horrible. The coffee ice cream cost about $2.99 (I believe) it was soo tiny! However, I would definitely come back here but I probably would never order the thai tea or ice cream again.
5	Bachi Burger could very well be the best burger I have ever experienced.  With so many choices it is hard to compare, at the end of the day this place has everything. I took an employee of mine to lunch while working in Las Vegas to the highly reviewed Bachi Burger. We started with the Ox Tail fries, which months later are still very memorable. Then moved on to our burger choices, I got the Miyagi, it was a difficult choice as so many burgers looked delicious. Each and every bite was better than the last, I highly recommend. Not much on atmosphere, passable but they make up for it with their food. Make note I have only been to the Windmill location. We both agreed, best burger ever. It has been a few months since I have eaten there, but have sent numerous people never does Bachi disappoint.
4	Great, friendly staff serves up some of the most exotic tasting burgers I have ever tried with The Banh-Mi being the most flavorful of them all. Not in the mood for a burger? Try any of their amazing starters! The steamed pork buns, oxtail fries and truffle fries are always awesome treats to share with friends. BTW, if you get the truffle fries, get a side of the pineapple ketchup and the porcini sauce...the flavors are truly amazing.
5	Waited about an hour, and I say it was worth it.  We did have a party of 7, so it took longer for us to get seated.  We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries which were really good, and the fried egg on top was the kicker.I got the Miyagi burger, and a couple other people got the crabby patty.  Burgers and service were good.  Will definitely come back when we are in vegas again.
5	I love the urban and modern feel you get when you walk into the place. The entire menu is posted on a chalkboard on the wall inside. We were quickly greeted and seated by the host and our server was prompt about getting us some drinks. The drink menu was fantastic, but the highlight of the menu was seeing Asian fusion inspired cuisine brought to life through the item descriptions. We started off with the Pork Belly sliders. What a delight. Braised pork belly, pickled radish, and a hardboiled egg. Yeah, a hardboiled egg...I know. I thought weird at first until I bit into it. Then as I felt the creaminess from the yolk add in that layer of texture to the rest of the soft and plushy bun with the delicate tenderness of the pork belly and crunchiness from the radish slaw...pure bliss, really. Next came the chili cheese fries. So let me ask you, how do you make your chili better than anyone else's? Bachi Burger will tell you to add oxtail. And I couldn't agree more! Using oxtail added more depth and richness in flavor to the chili and had us all licking the bowl to sop up the rest of what was left. BUT, the highlight of the night was the Shogun burger. This is quite easily the best burger I've ever enjoyed...in all of the land. It's like a super burger consisting of: Waygu grass fed beef, poached Asian pears, pan seared foie gras, mixed greens and a miso butter, between a toasted bun. (What's that you ask?? Did you just read "foie gras" on a burger?? Why yes, yes you did.) All I could think about when eating my burger was, "Hello Bacon, meet your new challenger as Burger's best topping, Foie Gras. Your salty, crunchy smokiness may have just been surpassed by your opponent who offers salty, savory and buttery tenderness." The Shogun has certainly raised the bar on burgers, but low and behold, it comes with a price. It's a $25 burger, but it is worth every bite.
4	Went with my husband and I loved it. The reason I took off a star is that our app (Oxtail chili cheese fries YUM) arrived well before our drinks did. The burger was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing (though my husband wasnt a fan of the asian flavors).
5	The ox tail French fries are to die for!!!
5	Came back to give it another shot.Ordered the same Miyagi Waygu, and this time they did cook it right.  Last time it wasn't done right, so maybe I caught them on an off day or something.Also tried the crusty crab, and it was pretty good.  A little extra crunchy and crispy than I would have wanted (We mistakenly thought it would be more crab cakey), but a solid choice if you aren't craving beef.Again, if you come here, you gotta try the Oxtail fries.  It is true oxtail, and super delicious and tender.This is the best Asian fusion style burger in town.We will be back again!
1	Once again, the upwardly mobile citizens of Las Vegas who have moved out of their trailer parks and into tract homes have sold me down the river.First of all, the music (like so many restaurants in this town) is so loud that you can't have a conversation with the company at your table.  Is this to cover up the Mexican families 5 little brats screaming or the weathered strippers puffed up boyfriend seated next to your table's homophobic rant about how 'he crushed that little f**'' ?Anyways the service is very poor from the tattooed waitress I had.  Certainly no training or even effort involved.  Bad attitude, although it did make me feel like I was back home in Portland.She plopped down my undercooked $13 burger with no fries and left, never to be seen again until she plopped down my bill.No thanks Bachi. I will never be back.
5	Wow, amazing! Came here with a group of girls and we pretty much ordered like 6 burgers and tried them all out. My fav was the banh mi, of course. I really like the casual and laid back atmosphere however was in a random part of town and in a strip mall. Inside, you feel like you could be in San Francisco or LA.
5	Thumbs Up!  A great selection of burgers - Ronin, Ho, Kiki, Kalbi, Banh-Mi, Miyagi-San and more.  Don't forget the delicious oxtail chili cheese fries!
4	Man... we were just looking for a cool place to relax off the strip. Get a decent burger and call it a night. Did we hit the jackpot! Oxtail chili??? Specialty Burgers?? Oxtail Chili cheese fries!!?? We had no idea at the time we were stumbling upon such an awesome place to eat dinner. Everything was right. The pricing, the food and the atmosphere. Highly recommended!!Also- I think I saw this on Man vs. Food recently or Diners, Drive-ins and Dives... can't remember... these folks are doing real food and real good!
5	One word:Ridiculousness.I already knew Bachi Burger was amazing before their appearance on Triple D, but they really have outdone themselves with one of their newest burgers.But first! The appetizers!I had the oxtail chili cheese fries for the first time. The chili is sweet unlike the norm. And I liked the spicy mayo-like sauce that was drizzled with it. Lots of flavor and definitely filling. Make sure you share this one!I also had their pork belly steamed buns. A nice thick, tender piece of pork belly in every white, fluffy bun. The pork belly was melt-in-your-mouth amazing, but the sweet hoisin-like sauce was the best. I could drink that.Now onto the main attraction! I saw their Shogun burger written on their chalkboard of specials and I knew I had to have it. A burger made with a wagyu beef patty, foie gras, unagi, Asian pear and miso butter with a Yamamomo peach as a palette cleanser. They had me at foie gras.I come from Cali where the delicacy was recently banned, so I was all in with this burger!You start off with the Yamamomo peach which looks more like a piece of lychee. It's the sweetest piece of fruit you'll probably ever have. Good stuff.After you take one bite of the burger, you'll feel like eating it slowly so you can savor each bite. The saltiness from the foie gras enhances the sweetness of the pear and unagi. And there's also a hint of truffle oil on the top of the bun. The combination sounded weird at first, but all the flavors really work together. Probably the best burger I've EVER had, but it has a hefty price of $25... WORTH. EVERY. PENNY.If you love foie gras and burgers, you definitely have to try it. Share it with someone if you have to. Just make it work!By the way, there always seems to be a wait here, so don't starve yourself too much before you get there (like I did). You need to be awake to try this ridiculousness. I can't wait for them to open up their next location in Los Angeles!
5	The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries is AWESOME! So much flavor and very filling. My husband and I decided to share a burger because we wanted to try so many appetizers. Nothing was disappointing. The chicken is fried pieces with a dipping sauce (if you are from Hawaii, similar to Mitzuken or Sugoi's). A must try is the the Pork Belly steamed buns. I was craving this on the plane ride home. We had to try the Shogun Burger, a $25.00 burger but it was soooo gooood! It has Foie Gras, Unagi and although that may not sound like it would be good together, it was GREAT!
5	Awesome!!
4	LocationDefinitely not in the "glamorous" part of Las Vegas, but easy to find.  South of The Strip at E. Windmill Lane and S. Bermuda Road, it's about a 10-minute drive from The Strip..AtmosphereNot quite Southwestern, not quite Asian, not quite...identifiable.  Yellow walls, dark tables, dark chairs, low lighting.  A bar along the right side of the wall.  Tables and chairs are partially hidden from the front door thanks to the Asian-inspired folding screen behind the hostess stand.  There's patio seating, although it was closed because it was a little cool outside. ServiceOur waitress was very friendly.  The food was a little...slow.  We ordered burgers and fries and our fries were gone (and we were eating the dipping sauces) while we waited for our burgers.Food/DrinkOf course, the burgers took a little while because they're so delicious!  No, I didn't order what Guy Fieri had; I don't eat pork.  Instead, I ordered the Miyagi-San Grass Fed Wagyu Burger (chili mayo, fried egg, furikake, crispy onion ring).  It was absolutely amazing!  The right amount of juices dripping from the burger when you bite into it.  The soft warmness of the buns.  The right mixture of toppings on this particular burger.  I made sure to eat mine slow so I could savor it as long as possible!  The French fries are delicious!  We ordered both the Salt and Pepper fries and the Parmesan Truffle fries.   Definitely go for the Parmesan Truffle fries; it's an unique twist on an American favorite!  Dipping sauces were just perfect with them, too. Definitely a new favorite in Las Vegas!
3	Ok.... I saw this place on one of those food channel/network program and I bookmarked it, make sure I come visit when I'm in town.  This review is for take out only.  I ordered the ronin burger, pork belly sandwich, a fish burger and garlic fries ( don't have the exact name of the items I ordered) the ronin burger costs $10, when I ate it, my thought was..... Should of gone to In & Out burger.  Lots of meat (I want a burger, not steak) the meat wasn't seasoned and it was just too much meat for my taste, nothing special.  The pork belly.... Over cooked.  The fries was ok, didn't try the fish sandwich, couldn't comment on it. I was never a fan of asian fusion food - as for this place, i probably would not go back.  Reason being so, for the amount I'm paying for a burger, I personally like In & Out burger better, as for the Asian side, it's ok, I'll go to an Asian restrurant.  Sorry....
5	I have had just about everything on Bachi Burger's menu.I have been here more times than I have been to any other food establishment in Las Vegas.This is hands down my favorite place in Las Vegas to grab a burger. I will write a new extensive review for the westside location because now that it exists I don't have to travel so far for a damn good meal.BACHI BURGER IS HEAVEN.EAT AND REJOICE.
5	Bachi burger is the BOMB! There are no words I can use to describe the flavor and complexity of their burgers. The flavor combos are mind blowing. I had the Ronin burger done medium and the wagyu patty just melted in my mouth. The oxtail chili fries were so neat and exciting. I can't wait for them to open in Santa Monica! Yay! If you're in Vegas you have to stop by and try this place. You won't be disappointed. Service was good and the restrooms smell like cotton candy (sounds unbelievable but true). Thank you Bachi burger
3	I think the food is pretty good, and reasonably priced at $10 per burger.  Unfortunately the service here sucks beyond belief!!!Truffle Parmesean fries - below average  - I would've given this an average rating but I couldn't taste the truffle at all.  The dipping sauce it comes w/ is delicious tho.Oxtail Chili Cheese fries w/ fried egg - below average - The chili was waaaaaaaay too sweet.  I couldn't put my finger on it but I've never tasted sweet chili before.  Wasn't a big fan.  The presentation of this dish is beautiful but it didn't live up to the hype.Miyagi San Grass Wagyu Fed Burger ($10) - Slightly above average.  The shrimp tempura inside the burger was a nice touch, & gave it a nice crunchy feel.   They over-cooked my burger tho.  I ordered medium rare and it came out medium; almost felt like I was eating an in-n-out burger or something.Kiki Burger ($10) -above average.  I dug the garlic, onions, bacon, & mushrooms.  It's a solid burger.  Basic, but solid.Tips:-Service sucks beyond belief.     -They had our table set up but didn't seat us till 10 minutes after the table was ready.   -Food took about 30-40 minutes to come out after placing the order   -I ordered some extra sides of sauce and they never brought it-Food is gonna be messy.  I tried the Miso burger (also pretty good) and there were piles of sauce everywhere; this isn't an insult to the dish mind you, the burger itself was still pretty good.The food is good and prices are pretty cheap, offset by horrible service.  3 stars.
4	OXTAIL CHILI CHEESE FRIES.  This clearly is the most popular dish at this place.  Every table around us had this on their table, every.  The service was spotty as we visited during lunch.  After our starters, the food began to settle in and the mile high burgers finally came out.  At this point, I was stuffed, but had to put down this spicy miso burger.  It's not the cheapest place for a lunch, but it's so worth it.Oxtail chili cheese fries: By far one of the best dishes I've ever consumed.  The shredded oxtail was so tender, the flavor of the chili has a sweetness to it and it goes so well with the salty fries. The sunny side up egg just makes it even better.  Truly amazing, it's a must get and you'll be disappointed if you don't.Pork Belly Buns: Not all that but still good.  I really enjoyed the bao dunked in their hoisin mixture and the touch of cilantro and radish gives it a great fresh touch.Spicy miso burger: This this had to be at least 6" high, piled with toppings and goodness. What makes their burgers so unique is the Taiwanese sweet bun, soft, fluffy, and chewy, what a burger bun should be. There are so many great flavors in this piece, it was delicious, from garlic to peppers, onions, and a fried egg. The patty was cooked perfectly, medium.If you're in Vegas, this place is a must.  Make a trip here, it's worth the short drive off of the strip.  As we left lunch, the place was packed and had a line outside the door.  I recommend going early.  It's a nice place with friendly staff.
3	Wasn't impressed at all. Got take-out. Ordered simple partially because website menu was down, and I didn't have a menu at work, also so I can measure up to other places. I had a simple cheeseburger(cheddar, lettuce, tomato, onion) and the wifey got a grilled cheese and an order of the parmasean fries. Like I said simple. Burger was good. Nothing special. Wife was disappointed. The picture of grilled cheese on this site looks nothing like what she got. The picture looks like a panini pressed grilled sandwich on a white type bread. She got a hamburger bun with some melted cheese on it. She said it didn't taste too bad, but wasn't what was expected. Fries were good. My burger was ok. Not the best I've had, but not the worst I've had. I will try this place again, and order something a little more exotic next time. Will update review then.
3	I heard great things, but was a little disappointed. The flavors were a little strange for me. The oxtail chili cheese fries were pretty good, but the egg was a little weird for me. I liked my fruity milkshake, but I will not be going back. :(
1	I have been going here since the doors opened. Unfortunately the quality of food and service is going downhill. The last few times I have ordered burgers the buns have been stale and hard. The first time I overlooked it. Things happen. Tonight I ordered the Crusty Crab burgers to go. I waited for them to be prepared then took them home. I live less than five minutes away. Once again the buns were stale and hard. This time I called to complain. The manager on duty said the buns were fine. He offered to replace the buns.. Not remake the sandwiches. That was a horrible remedy for a bed situation. I will never go back again. What a shame!!
5	It is the BEST burger in town!  HANDS DOWN!  Pricey, but worth it!  The peanut butter milkshake is out of ths world!  5 star quality every time!
5	My favorite new burger place in Vegas.  I had the Miyagi and my wife had the Ronin, both were fantastic.  The onion rings and parmesan fries were wonderful as well.  Service was good and our drinks were refilled promptly.  I will definitely be back!
4	Great gourmet burger when you're looking for one1. Truffle Parmesan Fries are awesome! 2. Crispy Fried Onion Rings were good because they are lightly battered but I found them to be a little soggy for my liking. What I ordered: main course 3. CUSTOM MADE BBQ BURGERBBQ Bachi Burger 7oz Angus Beef- Fried Egg, Grilled Onions, Cheddar (3 slices), Ketchup, Mayo, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion.The burger was amazing!!! I would come here again and again! 4 stars because of the oily/soggy Onion Rings but if I have to rate just the Burger it would get a 5 star rating!
4	The oxtail chili cheese fries are awesome - had to eat first then take pic!We had seen this place on DD&D and despite sometimes having mixed results when following their recommendations Bachi Burger just looked fantastic.We shared an order of Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries as an appetizer & they were fantastic - somehow the fries didn't go soggy when smothered in the chili, the addition of a fried egg and cilantro just added to the depth of flavor from the excellent meat/texas style chili.We then ordered the Kiki and Ronin burgers to share with an order of onion rings.  The burgers were cooked very well (nice and pink in the middle), very juicy and the toppings were fresh.  The buns were good - kind of "sticky" like a steamed bun - but the onion rings were the stand out.  They were like tempura onion rings and I highly recommend them.We also got a side of the pineapple ketchup with was great with the onion rings.I would for sure head back here to try more of the burgers on the menu and also get an order of those chili cheese fries that i wouldn't share!
5	So good it will make you want to slap your mother. This is by far my favorite place to get a burger in Las Vegas. The place has gotten so busy since they appeared on Food Network, but the quality is still high.Last time I was there I ordered pork belly steam buns and truffle parm fries. the Buns are nice and airy and the meat melts right in your mouth. They could of course be bigger for my tastes. The truffle fries are always just a great thing to order for your burger or if some of the appetizers scare you. They has a soft crispness to them and added with the sauce and ketchup they provide really give you a nice experience with them.Now I have had every burger that they make, but my favorite has to be the Kalbi burger. They marinate it in a nice paste which helps bring out the nice meaty flavor of the burger. The kimchi has a nice crunch and brings more depth to the burger as well.
4	I wanna say first I'm a burger and beer kinda guy. I've been here twice so far and each location I've been to has had fantastic service. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. Seriously!!! I've tried a lot of itTry the Cherry Yuzo soda it'll keep you coming back for more. I truly love places like this. They've honestly put an amazing new twist on something so classic.
5	Get the shogun burger.. sooooo good!
4	We went to Bachi Burger before a show at UNLV, and were blown away by the incredible burger and fries selection.  Let's start with the basics.  Bachi is the brainchild of Lori Watada, formerly Roy Yamaguchi's sous chef.  Imagine the best burgers in the world, done in a variety of asianesque styles, with a full compliment of appetizers, Japanese style pickles, entrees for those who don't like beef, and amazing fries...  I got the Shogun, their most expensive burger, a rare and heodistic tribute to all that is fat and good in a burger of wagyu beef, plus pan seared fois gras, unagi (broiled eel for those of you who don't know, a stunningly delicious Japanese staple), poached pear and secret sauce.  The burger was cooked perfectly (medium rare equals rare, but that is how you want American wagyu), and eating it was a nearly religious experience.  My wife got the Keki, smothered in premium mushrooms and a delicious sauce.  The parmesan truffle oil fries were good....but not great, and the sweet potato fries were perfect.  I am going to have to go back and eat my way through the rest of the menu.....Our service was good, especially given how busy it was, and we noticed that they were turning people away 20 minutes after we got there at 6pm becasue the place was full and there was a waiting list.  They serve a limited array of wine, beers sake and drinks....in a casual setting that is just crowded enough to feel like you are part of something.  I have decided that in all Las Vegas this is my new go to burger spot....The burgers cost $9 to $25 (the Shogun), and I cannot wait to go back!  They are opening a fine dining spot next door....that will be on my list too....
4	Update and upgrade alert. I finally made my way back to Bachi after nearly two years and I was pleasantly surprised. We came here for lunch and they were extremely busy. We waited for about twenty minutes before we were finally seated. I decided to order the Kalbi burger this time around. I was enticed by the kim chi and it definitely delivered. The meat was perfect flavor and was cooked to perfection. I enjoyed the pickled cucumbers quite a bit on the side as well. The bun, which is usually my biggest sticking point for finding a great burger was soft and delicious. My friend's burger was a little on the undercooked side, but still looked good.Service was a little lackluster and that's the only thing keeping me from giving this place five stars. We waited quite a while to order, then another agonizing wait for our food and then when they finally brought our check, it was incorrect. Another long wait for them to rectify that and we were finally out the door. I wish they came by with refills a little more often as well. Service was friendly, however. I'll definitely be back, but I'll make sure I'm not in a hurry when I do.
4	I came here for the first time last week on my annual Vegas girls' weekend . The food was pretty good...burger was cooked just the way I like it, medium. 3 of the girls ordered the Ronnin Burger and 2 of the girls ordered the Kiki burger. So as you can tell, those two were probably the more popular ones. I had ordered the Ronnin burger as well, and it was really good. The burger had a fried egg in it...but what made it even better was the citrus aioli. They give that to you on the side, but seriously, that was one of the reasons why I liked this burger. The kiki burger had mushrooms in it and that was great too. But if I had to choose, I like the Ronnin burger more. They have Strawberry Guava Shake, but I wasn't brave enough to order that...too heavy for me I suppose. I still had to drive 4 hours home. However, I was able to order the Momo..peach and strawberry soda! that was so refreshing and yummy. Too bad it wasn't free refills, otherwise they would have heard from me for more. The fries were okay. We had the parmesan cheese one and the salt and pepper one. Everyone liked the salt and pepper one more. There was this gravy looking sauce on the parmesan fries...not so good. The sauces that came with it were not memorable, I didn't even dip them. The salt 'n' pepper fries reminded me of the asian dish salt 'n' pepper shrimp. No shrimp flavor but that salt 'n' pepper is definitely there!  I wanted to try the spicy miso burger because I heard it was only there seasonal. But maybe next time. I will get that milkshake next time!
5	Been here several times and it just gets better. Not just the food,but the service. Place was packed, but Michael, the GM ran it like a well oiled machine. We both had the Ronin burger,Carmelized onions ,Japanese coleslaw,miso goma dressing,Katsura BBQ, topped with a fried egg, and yuzu citrus aioli on the side. Also sweet potatoe fries. Washed it down with a bottera Chardonnay . Can't wait to take friends and family
5	I've been here a few more times, so it's time to update my review.  They have such interesting combinations that we always order one of those instead of trying to make our own.  I haven't seen these combinations anywhere else.  I've tried the Miyagi-san and the crab cake burger.  Both were delicious!  My husband always gets the mushroom burger.  I really like the fries with cilantro and jalapeno; it really adds flavor to the fries.  The burgers are really big, so I can never order a shake with burger and fries because that's way too much food for me, but I tried my friend's peanut butter shake and it was really good!  The new Summerlin location is very convenient too!
4	I've heard of this place for a while and finally got to try it this past weekend!I spent the weekend in Vegas with my friends and on Sunday noon before heading home, we decided to check this place out. They opened at 12 and we got there at 12:20...there was already a 30 minute wait :o This place gets crazy crowded, so I only hoped it was because it was delicious.Service here is pretty good. Workers were friendly and apologetic about the wait, even though it didn't seem TOO long. They were also very accommodating for out party of 11 :) I decided to order based on Yelp reviews, so I got the 'Ronin Burger' ($10) and our table got 4 orders of their Truffle Parmesan fries ($3.50 each) to share.Food came out in a reasonable amount of time. It was funny because they recommended we should get the fries now instead of with our burgers because the burgers would take a long time, but we got our burgers a few minutes after we got our fries. So?? Haha I don't know.The Ronin is a burger with caramelized onions, cole slaw, sesame dressing, fried egg (I asked to take it out since I don't like egg), Katsu BBQ sauce, and a yuzu citrus aioli on the side. The flavor was good, but I found it too be a little too sweet after a while. I think it was because of the BBQ sauce and caramelized onions together. Too much, plus I'm not the biggest fan of BBQ sauce. The truffle parmesan fries were really good. The fries are the thin cut type and were nicely crisp. They also came with a sun dried tomato aioli sauce that was really good with the fries. MMMM :)Prices are pretty reasonable and this location is pretty spacious. I would come back to try their other popular burgers (Kiki and Miyagi). Also, I hear they have good soft drinks, so I'll probably try those next, too!
4	Been wanting to eat here ever since seeing it on Triple D.  We ordered:Pork Belly Bao - Very tasty, a must try!Duck Bao - not as good as the Pork BellyOxtail Chili Cheese fries - not as good as advertised.  It's ok.Banh Mi Burger - Very good. You can tell it was inspired by the sandwichKalbi, Ronin, Kiki, & Miso Burgers - Family gave them 2 thumbs upEveryone was happy with their meal here.  Bachi has been added to our list of must stops next to In-n-Out when we're in Vegas.
4	Had to try this place because of the Triple D show...and of course, it was just as I had hoped. The burger was delish....I had the Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger. Yum! I took the Pork Belly Steamed Buns to go...amazing even as leftovers the food was good. I'm definitely going back and recommending it for others to try. I heard others have had to wait, but I went early for lunch and that was perfect because I walked right in and got a seat. The place did fill up by noon...so go for an early lunch or after the rush at noon. Service was great early on because I got my food quick and there was no wait for a table.
5	Having experienced Japanese/American fusion burgers before (fist to chest bump with two fingers kissed in the sky for you B Man's) I still thought that the food at Bachi Burger was fresh, innovative and most importantly, delicious.  Bookending our first Vegas trip together, mi corazon was absolutely adamant that we stop by this restaurant on our way back to LA...  which made the 8 hour drive back home somewhat more palatable...  somewhat.  :T  More on that later.  And on a related note, I firmly think that the mindlessly reckless drivers that one invariably encounters on the long stretch of road between the IE and Las Vegas are terrible people...  and if they crash their cars in the median due to their utter stupidity, they should be left to their own devices.  With that said, Corazon immediately declared to all within earshot that she had decided on the Shogun burger.  I'd like to think that it was her sense of good taste and high breeding (after all, she is dating me!)  that led her to choose the delightful mix of American wagyu, unagi, foie gras and other accoutrements and not the fact that it was by far the most expensive item on the menu at $25."25 Dollars!" I mentally screamed to myself in shock and awe at the price tag of the appropriately named "Shogun".  "Well, two can play at that game" I told myself as I prepared to use my most persuasive tone normally reserved for dealing with irrational minorities and sleazy car salesmen.Me:  "Hey sweetie, great choice on the Shogun.  I was thinking, I'm not really that hungry.  Maybe we should just share the burger and get an order of the oxtail fries.  I saw another table order them and they're so big."  *inwardly snickering at circumventing an astronomical bill*Corazon:  *small voice*  OK, we can do that...  but it's suuuuch a goood buuuurgerrrrr...  *heartfelt sigh along with sad eyes looking off into the distance a la Scarlett O'Hara in Gone with the Wind*Needless to say, dear readers, I ended up ordering a burger for myself and mi corazon happily partook in her Shogun burger.  To add further insult to the injury that I am a chumo that gets swayed by sad eyes and a cute face:  I would ask for nibbles of her delicious burger and she'd purposely put her fingers really high up on the bun, effectively funneling my bites between her delicate fingers at 15-20% of normal bite capacity.  In response, I angrily accused her of culinary stinginess, but she responded with a heartfelt denial coupled again with sad eyes, and I just gave up the ghost...  $85, dear readers, for a couple of burgers and fries.  Still, I'd like to think the look of sheer bliss on mi corazon's face was worth it.  To also take the sting out of the bill, I made sure to hoard 80% of the delicious oxtail/aoili topping on the fries, as well scarfing down my 1500 calorie burger and a tall 22 oz bottle of Dogfish Head Pilsner.  And as we walked back to the car, ready to make the 280 mile trip back to LA, I tapped her on the shoulder, broke out my saddest eyes and asked her, "Sweetie, I'm really tired.  Can you drive?" and hopped into the passenger seat and promptly fell asleep.Best $85 I ever spent.
4	I would visit Bachi Burger again for sure! Try the Oxtail fries if you want some yummy Chillie cheese fries.Service was on point and the place was neat and clean.
3	First off.. if you open at 11 then the hostess should be ready to seat customers(we arrived at 1115.) We honestly waited to be seated for 10 minutes and there was plenty of seating. Then this group walks in and the hostess shows up and seats them immediately..WTF!!!!!! (why the face) that group didn't even have the courtesy to tell the hostess "they were here first" and the hostess new we had been waiting. I want so badly to give it 1 star based on that incident but those chili fries were good.   I will continue to preach this... IT"S a HAMBURGER not a filet in between a bun.. so why the prices. Don't get me wrong it was good.. I just don't get the pricing on the hamburgers these days.
3	3 stars: A-OKPeople who know me know that I enjoy eating off the strip.Any burger joint with oxtail and foie gras on the menu instantly piques my interest.So we went to Bachi Burger. The burgers were excellent. In fact, I went so far as to say the shogun burger here blew Hubert Keller's Rossini out of the water.And the absolute piece de resistance was the oxtail chili cheese fries. I recommended the spot to everyone who would listen. I texted pics of the oxtail chili to encourage folks to go and check it out. Anyone who saw that fried egg sitting on that mound of chili and fries would certainly be compelled to go and order a plate for themselves.Skip forward a year and change, and a visit from that Ferry guy with the frosted tips and that DDD show.Inevitably, there's more patrons, the food quality suffers, and the portion sizes decrease. Getting on TV is both the best and worst thing that can happen to a restaurant. People who went there in the past have reported back, telling me how it's just not the same anymore. So now what? I guess it's time to look for another place before DDD ruins it.
4	Their Momotaro strawberry white peach soda is crack! It's been two days and I'm still thinking about it and wishing for more! I WANT IT, I NEED IT, NOW!!!!!! too bad I live in California :(- Oxtail chili cheese fries: Perfectly fried fries topped with sweet oxtail chili, jalepenos, fried egg, and cilantro. The chili was a little too sweet as if there was too much bbq sauce, but still good! - Pork Belly Steamed Sandwiches: Glazed pork belly, hardboiled egg, and cilantro stuffed in a steamed bun. YUM, although the bun could've been a little softer.- Miyagi-san grass-fed wagyu burger: grass-fed beef patty, cheese, onion rings in toasted buns. I loved that this came out hot and steamy! Although the beef patty was cooked to medium-well even though I asked for medium, it was still very juicy. However, I felt that it lacked flavor and I wished the onion rings would have been crunchy to give the burger more texture.I would definitely come back here again because it has so many burgers that sound delicious! However, I give this four stars because I think they could've done with all their entrees.
4	Pretty good for a gourmet burger. I ordered the kalbi burger which had kimchee and kalbi beef. My burger was a little cold however and we had to wait a quite awhile for burgers like 40 minutes for them.  The wait was not too bad at all.  I would come back here again and eat. I wished I tried the fries, but I was really sick.
5	Burgers with a little Asian kick to it is pretty awesome. I highly recommend the Kalbi burger! The service is also great, our waitress was nice and sweet
4	Wow!  If you are ever in Vegas try Bachi Burger!  We had their Mr. Ho's Burger!  Amazing!  Never though I would be eating a taro bun in Vegas.  The restaurant isn't very big; it was a bit on the dirty side, especially the bathroom, and we had to wait a long time.  But the food was absolutely delicious!
5	I've only been to this place once and I'm already hooked. Food is in one word, DELICIOUS. Meat in burgers is juicy and fries are cooked to perfection!
5	This review is a month late...been a little busy but wanted to make sure to plug this little burger joint in vegas as it was the best burger I could have imagined!  I admit, I saw them featured on the food network which was how I discovered them, and I proclaimed the next time I was in Vegas I would try them out.I did have to wait for an hour to get a seat, but oh man was it worth it!  I also ordered the truffle fries which were a delicious compliment...asian fusion is hard to understand, but if you like the flavors you will love this burger!  Anyone local who has tried The Counter in Irvine, I gotta say this burger trumps that and the prices are better as well!  Check them out!
4	This review is late times two... it is a combo review about both of our experiences to the same Bachi Burger location!During our first visit, my husband and I stopped in for lunch on an early Wednesday afternoon in October. The restaurant was fairly empty at this time, we were immediately seated and our hardest decision was deciding what delicious goodies to try first! We opted on sharing the Pork Belly Steam Buns, the Kiki Burger and an order of the Parmesan Truffle Fries. HOLY heck, amazing! I consider burgers and fries one of my true life weaknesses and these had me needing a new set of panties they were so good. As if all of that wasn't enough, we even opted to try their homemade Portuguese Donuts for dessert. Also scrumptious and well worth the splurge! Not only could we not wait to return, we wanted to bring friends and family!Our second visit was a Sunday evening in late December, right before Christmas, this time with my sister and brother in law. Prior to our visit I tried to call ahead and make reservations. They don't offer that but the woman who answered stated they shouldn't be too busy on a Sunday evening around 8pm. You could imagine my surprise when we were told there was a 30-40 minute wait for a table. After reading numerous Yelp reviews talking about a long wait time, I can not fathom the reason for her saying that.We did wind up being seated a bit earlier than expected (around 20-25 minutes) and were anxious to order. My husband and I wanted to start with the Shrimp Chips. Those were brought promptly along with our drinks, although my sister's beer took a moment. The Shrimp Chips were yummy and like pork rinds. Truly a unique treat.My husband and brother in law both chose the Shogun burgers while I chose the Ronin burger and my sister chose the Kiki burger. Each couple also ordered Parmesan Truffle Fries to share.Our server was kind and attentive but after waiting for our burgers and fries for over 40 minutes, I felt horrible that he had to be the one to keep coming over and apologizing for the wait. It certainly wasn't his fault and although we were very hungry, we of course were not angry with him. At some point, the manager should have been the one to do this and I feel he should have perhaps hooked us up with some extra fries on the house for the long delay. Neither happened.Everyone agreed the food was again delicious and outstanding! It was my first experience ever tasting fois gras (via my husband's burger) and it was divine! I would absolutely return (and plan to) but a few suggestions for Bachi Burger....- start taking reservations, especially for dinner and on weekends- learn to deal with heavy crowds a bit better, maybe via extra staff?- make those mangers do the dirty workThose factors are the only reason both experiences combined equal four stars instead of a full five. If you want fine dining food available at average restaurant prices and a relaxed atmosphere, Bachi Burger is the way to go!
2	I decided to try this place after reading all the reviews, boy was i wrong!!I live in Orange County, was in town decided go out the way to this place instead of eating the overpriced food in the hotel.  Low and behold it's definitely overpriced for not so great food.  I'm not a food snob, but I'd like to think I know what great food tastes like. Oxtail chili fries (what oxtail??) - can't taste the Oxtail and the chili itself is somewhat odd tasting left like a sour after taste. 2 stars Duck Steamed buns - nice presentation, but duck was cooked a bit rare and so tough that you can't even take a bite without pulling all the meats off.  I've had better...I told the server and he was nice enough to it take off the bill. 1 starMiso Burger - I thought it tasted pretty good, flavors all work together. 3.5 starsShogun Burger - Of course the server recommended this burger, it's the most expensive burger on the menu $25.  First off all if you don't know what Unagi is it's (eel) not everyone is familiar with the term.  My son who I think is a food snob wanted to try it, I only noticed it had Foie Gras.  Since it's illegal to eat Foie Gras in California, I thought we're in for a treat.  Let me tell you this burger combination is terrible...It has eel, Foie Gras, Pear, and beef, how does all this come together???!! Fish, beef, duck and pear in a bite is so weird and it left a fishy after taste, totally not what we expected.  At the end the meal for 3 people cost $70 that's we 3 drinks and with the steamed duck buns taken off the bill.  I'll take the all you can eat buffet at the hotels anytime...sorry Bachi Burger you're overrated!
4	Excellent service food was delicious
1	Made it on my top ten worst burger.Oxtail chili cheese fries are overrated. Dry meat, couldn't taste any of the ingredients on the burger cause over powered by the sauce. Bun was a stale sweet roll.Not to mention, everything was slightly sweet, which gets really boring for the palate. They do cook an egg well. Will not be back.  Feel gross and ripped off.
5	Came here because of all the great reviews. Tried the Ox Tail Fries, the Mr. Ho burger, and the Miso Burger. Everything was really good. Everyone at my table thought that the Mr. Ho burger was the best. Would and will come back.
5	Saw this on the FOOD network and figured I give it a shot.It was as good as it was on TV.The pork belly buns were really good as was the Mister Miyagi. Skip the $25 duck liver burger. It was good but it wasn't as nearly good as the other burgers that were half the price.
4	Oh Bachi Booboo, you are a delight!Nestled in a strip mall off Windmill (my location of choice), you find a petite but happy lil place. The staff is oober friendly and excited to talk to you about their menu and Television debut.  My friend drooled over the oxtail chili fries, my husband loved everything his taste buds touched and they accomodated me with Vegetarian options.Good stuff y'all!!  Happy Belly.
2	went to bachi for first time about 330 on a tues afternoon. atmosphere was cool, music was world music which was cool. service was good, maybe a tad slow but they did get fairly busy and only had two girls waiting and bussing.Busser was cleaning windows when he should have been helping. I had garlic fries that had jalopenos on them. not the best. the truffle fries were very good. Had a build up burger, wagyu, blue cheese, onion rings and bacon. rings were sad, bacon was hard, both came out in pieces. to much cheese, over bearing. burger was kind of mince consistency, way to much sweet flaver and inconsisitant thru the paddy. Needs more salt and or spice, white pepper or something for my tastes. Price was very good on fries, $4. burger started at $16 and ended at $18.50. too much. burger size was good. bun was good. dont think I'll be back. strip burger does it better for less. Grind is a close second. Bachi is just another over priced fad. sorry. wanted so much more.
5	So after all the hype has settled, I came in finally in search of a good burger...and I found it. Started it off with the Iced Macha Green Tea. Best non-sweetened green tea I have had!. Then Truffle Parmesan Fries. Great flavor, fries were crispy and it had a great sun dried tomato aioli dipping sauce. Just enough spice to it. If I have to be so critical, only thing I really didn't like was the Reggiano Parmesano, and yeah I know this cheese is the best that money can buy, and only true italian's make their sauce with that stuff. but I'd take a Pecorino, Asiago or even a sharp provolone any day over that stuff. But hey it's just cheese right. Then came out the burger. I had the KiKi's burger. 3 different mushrooms, gruyere cheese, sweet onion marmalade and a garlic chili aioli for dipping. Flavors were as good as it gets. Well made burger. The bun had a sweet taste to it. Which topped it off great with the rest of the flavors. It's going to be very hard to top this place.
3	It's time for them to upgrade to a bigger place! It's winter time...We decided to go here after I was looking at all the yummy looking photos on yep.  I saw this place a few years ago when it was coming soon.....Soooo, we walked in this place, and you couldn't even get to the host to put your name on the list for a table.   Ok so, we finally made it to him put our name on the list.  They told us about 40 min wait!  Wow!  Come to find out, you can't call and make reservations, not good!  We decided to just order to go.  Well that was still a 40 min. wait.  We ordered the fried chicken appetizer, My husband ordered the Ronin Burger uummmm, they kept the egg though!  I ordered the Crusty Crab, Truffle fries and salt and pepper fries.I loved the Chicken appetizer, it was so good, but with all the dipping sauces, I wasn't sure what was suppose to go with it.  I did try all of the sauces with the chicken.  Again, not sure which one was suppose to go with the chickenI loved both fries the truffle one was different, but it was still good.  I really liked the salt and pepper one.  It had jalapenos and cilantro on it,  what a nice touch. The Ronin, we ordered well done....we didn't get that, it was medium well!  If that were my burger, I couldn't have eaten it!  When a customer ask for well done, we don't want to see any red!  So due to that I didn't even get to taste it.  My husband was ok with it.  He said it was not bad.  Except he would have also left the coleslaw off. So on to the Crusty Crab...I'm not use to mushy...If you like your crab crispy....I would pass on this one.  It was mushy....I wasn't expecting this to be mushy.  It was eitable, but I think crispy is better.   I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.  Try something else, unless you don't mind mushy.The employee's seemed like they were stressed out!  It was crazy busy, and this is a Wednesday night.    I would hate to see it on a Friday or Saturday.I think if I go back, I will call ahead, and only get it to go, the host said it's busy all the time!  Great for them, but I don't like to wait like that.
4	Based on several recommendations by my friends in the local area, I had to try Bachi Burger. It appears they have two locations around the Las Vegas area although they are opening one up in West LA in 2013 which is good for me. This burger joint is somewhat distant from the strip, however, well worth the stop. I'd recommend coming during off peak hours. When we were leaving, there was a big line for dinner to this place, a indicator that there is good food inside. The service was really good. The waiters were trained to introduce themselves and to answer any questions that we had about the menu.As an appetizer, I had a piece of my friend's Pork Belly Steamed Buns It contained Duroc Pork Belly, cilantro, scallions, radish, boiled egg, Chinese black vinaigrette, and hoisin sauce. I typically don't like eating steamed buns, but when I took a bite into this, it was SO GOOD! It made me rethink my stance on steamed buns.Also, I requested the fries to come as an appetizer. I ordered their truffle parmesan fries which contains parmesan reggiano, black truffle shavings, chives, and comes with a side of sun dried tomato aioli dipping sauce. I was disappointed at their truffle fries. I was hoping that they would have utilized truffle oil to cook the fries. Instead, it tasted your typical french fry you would have at any fast food place. If I had to do it over again, I would skip the fries as their selection of burgers and appetizers are so much more appealing.Finally, for the main course, I had the Spicy Miso Burger which contains a massive patty of Angus beef, onions, shishito peppers, mayo, lettuce, roasted garlic, cheese, fried egg, and apple vinaigrette sauce. When a took a bite out of this sandwich, I was wondering what happened to the shishito peppers? I didn't really taste the peppers at all. I was completely overwhelmed by the apple vinaigrette sauce. The sandwich was decent, but the combination of ingredients is suspect. Perhaps there is too much going on in the sandwich where it loses its identity as a spicy miso burger. If I am ever around this part of Las Vegas again, I would definitely stop by to try some of their other burgers such as their Kalbi burger.
4	Had lunch with a group of friends here a few weeks ago. The wait time was a bit long but it was worth it! I had the ronin burger and of course i added some bacon to it. Definitely a great choice. Their sodas are pretty tasty as well. I recommend either the white peach one or the cherry yuzo soda. Both delicious.Overall id come back for sure. Great food and great service, just be prepared to wait a little
3	Well def slightly overrated but worth a try. Burgers were juicy and petite. Atmosphere was average. Servers were polite and efficient. DONT get oxtail chili cheese fries. I had a few drinks in me and usually like anything in front of me. Fries/oxtail super salty and gross.. Hormel chili in the can blows this crap away.. Pass
4	Saw this place on Guy Fieri's Triple D, and promised the wife next time we go to Vegas we would stop by. First and foremost, it was good as advertised. We started off with the Ox tail chili cheese fries. Words can not begin to describe the deliciousness of this dish. I almost ended up eating the whole thing myself. This dish is a must have when going to Bachi Burger. I ordered the Myagi and the wife ordered the Spicy Miso with grilled onions. I ordered my burger med rare and the wife ordered her's med, but I ended up with a med burger and she ended up with med rare. I am not one to return food, so I ate it, and it was phenomenal! Didn't get to try my wife's burger but she raved about it, but only had one knock, and that was it wasn't spicy enough...But still awesome!! Next time I'm in Vegas we will definitely stop by again!
5	Good food super nice staff.
4	I've been to this location and the one near the theater with the unfinished parking lot and this one is noticeably better.had a nice revelation with the oxtail fries and the ronin burger was just what the doctor ordered.really enjoyed the menu offerings but one knock was the lack of shrimp chips because apparently they stopped serving them.bring back the kropek!
4	Asian style burgers? It was good, but it wasn't as amazing as I thought it would be. Reminds me of Umami Burger here in SF, but bigger and better. Their burgers use the same type of buns for barbecue pork buns! One unique thing I noticed. And their meat patties are marinated in some type of a sweet sauce. The burgers looks and tastes extra juicy! They also have Ox Tail Chili Cheese Fries. The fries were super addicting. It had a sort of a spice to it that made it so sweet yet savory at the same time. I honestly thought the idea of Ox Tail Chili Cheese Fries could have been executed better. Hmmn...maybe like more sweetness to the ox tail? Ox tail reminds me of braised beef, so if that slow cooked turned sweet tasting taste was drenched all over fries... I think I would have liked it much better. The chili all over the fries was okay. I sort of avoided eating it... weird I know since it defeats the purpose of having chili on this dish. I decided to get the Pork Belly buns. Sort of pricy, but pork belly tends to be expensive. Ever since my trip to NYC I have been craving this! It is hard to find a place serving even DECENT pork belly buns. This place was decent. It was dinky but I really liked it! This dish half-filled my satisfaction. Their boba is fresh too! A bit of an increase in price for your average boba, but they serve it in a nice glass cup! Friendly workers here! Nice modern Asian fusion burger joint.
5	I am new to the Las Vegas area but I have to say this was a great intro to the burgers that can be found in the valley.  A friend wanted to go on a double date here and my husband and thought, "why not?"  I am so happy he suggested here! Oxtail chili fries ($14.50)- A definite must as an appetizer. It comes with a healthy portion of everything the names says it will as well as a sunny side up egg and slices of jalapenos on top. It is easy to share and a definite crowd pleaser. I am pretty sure that everyone at my table considered splitting another one.Spicy miso burger ($10)- This was my burger pick for the night. It came with a huge Angus beef patty, roasted garlic, cheese, peppers, onions, and a fried egg.  I was hoping for something spicy but it didn't matter, I really enjoyed this burger without the kick. It was full of flavor and cooked to perfection.  It is a little hard to eat cause of the size and sauces, so be sure to ask for some extra napkins.  I am sure I will be back in the future to try out their other burger creations. If you find yourself in the area and are craving a meaty treat this is the place.
5	After seeing this place on triple d I HAD to try it.First stop after a 6 hour bus ride? Bachi Burger, man they didn't disappoint. Started with the Oxtail chili fries. Incredible! Melt in our mouth oxtail meat chili over crisp fries, top with an over easy egg and freshly cut jalapenos. A little bit on the sweet side, but almost bought another one it was so good.For my burger I went with the Banh Mi Burger. Quite delicious. Thick beef and shrimp patty topped with Vietnamese Greens and pickled radish/carrot. There is also a Vietnamese dipping sauce which is quite nice. All served on an awesome toasted bun.My other friend got the Shogun Burger which could be possibly the best burger of all time. Nice slice of foie gras, unagi, waygu patty, all on that same awesome toasted bun.You want to do Vegas right? Start at Bachi Burger, its a slam dunk!
5	Came here with a party of 9 on a Saturday night. Previous comments were unhappy on the service but I think the owner listened because we were served in the 30 minutes they told us. They even came out to tell us the previous table has paid and just needs to pack their leftovers.Food here was up to the hype. I am a big fan of burgers! I had their shogun burger, that's wagyu and unagi with seared foie gras... This burger melted in my mouth. I tasted the buttery foie gras and when I asked for medium, it came out medium so there was no hesitation there. The appetizers were good. I recommend the oxtail fries with an egg over. Truffle fries were good too but nothing extraordinary. This will be one of the spots I will come back to everytime I'm here. See you in June for sure!
1	If you have food allergies this is not the place for you. They cook EVERYTHING on their menu in peanut oil, and this is not posted anywhere in the restaurant or on the menu. The food was under or overcooked, they cannot handle groups larger than 8 or 9. The server and all the other members of the staff were rude and uninformed when I inquired about food allergies. I would not go here again, even if I did not have allergies.
5	I use to live a few blocks from here and when it came to burgers, I had choices from the strip, In-N-Out, and Steiner's.  I wasn't aware of Yelp at the time, so I took the advice from a friend to eat at Bachi and became a fan ever since.One thing about Bachi is the presentation.  Bachi goes out of the way to make a burger look so beautiful.  I have to admit that I've been here 5+ times and the Sahara location 10+ times in the last 2 years and have yet to try any of their actual burgers. I know, what's wrong with me right?  I guess it's because I love their Bachi Fish (Alaskan Cod), the Lonely Bird (Chicken/Turkey), the Oxtail Fries, and their Bachi Dog.  All are good, very rich due to their sauces, flavorful, and a little messy.  Out of everything I've tried here, their Bachi Fish has to be my favorite.Couple of side notes about Bachi in general.  Sometimes there's a wait to get your order and served.  Because of this, I rarely hit up Bachi on a weekend.  The Sahara location is bigger and faster in my opinion.  Also, the burgers are little pricey (most over $10). Overall, I am still giving Bachi 5 Stars even though I have not tried any of their actual burgers.  Based on the other reviews, they're good so don't let my review discourage you from trying them. However, allow my review to encourage you to try the Bachi Fish.  Both restaurants are clean, service always great, and I have never been disappointed with a Bachi visit.
5	I love this place! Normally I am not someone who really likes burgers or fries very much, but here I cannot get enough of them.  There garlic pepper fries have garlic sliced peppers and ginger, and a nice dipping sauce that has some kick.  There truffle parmesean fries are also amazing! What is nice is they aren't soggy or to thick.  My favorite burger is the kiki burger, but I have never had a burger I did not like there.  I will say the shogun burger, while being tasty, was not mind blowing enough for me to want to buy a 25 dollar burger again.  One thing to keep in mind is the burgers always have a sweet element to them, which I like, but my friend told me that even her burger with the blue cheese and garlic and such had this component to it.  She still really enjoyed it, but it could be that this component of their flavor profile is a bit redudant and overused in their burger dishes.  I greatly enjoy their boba milk teas, although way overpriced compared to other places.  I always get the jasmine. Their burger meat is grinded in house which add to the freshness, and allows them not have to cook it into submission, and their buns are super fresh too.  I will recommened that if you get a burger to not get it as a pick up, they are packed with saucy goodness and super juicy, which basically means on your ride home they will getting your bun super soggy.
4	Love, love, love Bachi Burger.  I highly recommend giving them a try, even if you aren't a carnivore.  I don't like burgers but they make the best veggie burger I've ever had.  Make sure to get the pickles appetizer, it's really good.  And all of the edemame are fantastic! Oh, and go for the regular fries with the pineapple ketchup--so good!  I downgraded one star because I've been here 6 times over the course of the past two years and never once has my order been 100% correct.  It's never anything major, but it's always enough of an annoyance that it needs a mention.  And I think it's kinda weird that they charge an extra $1 for additional ketchup for the already pricey fries.
3	While my meal was pretty yummy, part of me tells me to give this an average rating because I've had many-a-burger in my life. Namely, Umami Burger and Gott's Roadside, just to mention a couple. I am from San Francisco and currently live in LA so I've had my fair share of gourmet burgers. Bachi Burger is good, no doubt, but it just didn't have that "oomph" I was looking for. Maybe it was the burger I had and I wasn't really feeling it (The Ronin Burger). The Truffle Parmesan Fries weren't even that good compared to other places I've them. I didn't get a chance to try other burgers or the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. I wish I had gotten a different burger because the Asian cole-slaw-like veggies in my Ronin Burger were not good. The patty wasn't even that succulent.I think that this place is only popular because it's somewhat near the Vegas strip and tourists from around the world hear about it. Honestly, if you've had your share of American burgers from gourmet-est of gourmet, this place is just alright.Service is great, the restaurant is spacious, and they seem efficient about seating people. Would I come back again? Maybe, but probably to another location and definitely not getting the Ronin Burger again.Oh, also minus points for not having a fully functional website so that I can review what I ate.
5	I had the Ronin burger :))) This is the best burger that I ever ate! I am looking forward to go back to Vegas just for this burger.
5	This place is fantastic!  We came for lunch and of course there was a wait...We split the Kiki burger with garlic fries and of course, we had to try the onion rings...Delish!  The burger was cooked perfectly, juicy wagyu beef with mushrooms and cheese.  I can't wait to go back and try something else like the oxtail fries or pork buns!
5	Now that I've come back here since my first time about 4 times, it's time to change my review to 5 stars!  1 star = again for Customer service; they're always so nice and accomodating here.  I love it!2 stars = alone just for the Miyagi Son burger; best burger ever!  Caramelized bacon?  With an egg inside?  Come on, what's not to love!  3 stars = for having pork belly and duck steam buns.  I love these things and I can come here to get them anytime I want? Score!4 stars = for making my boyfriend want to try every burger on the menu until he's tried them all.  So far not one has disappointed him and he's had the Ronin, Mr Ho's, Miyagi Son, and the Black & Green.  He loved every bite of each!5 stars = for having 3 kinds of edamame, and 3 kinds of french fries to try with the huge variety of different burgers on the menu.  Variety is key to any restaurant so that it keeps customers curious to come back and try more!Sorry Bachi Burger to have ever doubted you!  I'll be back to try the rest of the menu!  See you real soon!
5	First time here and I was blown away. The food was so delicious and juicy.We ordered the Myagi burger. It was huge enough to share. The patty was super juicy and breathtaking. Makes my mouth water when I think about it. Yummy!!! We also ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries...OMG never tasted anything like this before. The portions were good with lots of chili, cheese, jalapenos, and flavor. It's also topped with fried egg. Definitely a must try.I just found out they are opening a location in LA. Can't wait!!!Overall, I definitely recommend this place if you are ever in Vegas. You will not be disappointed...
1	I can not review the food as we were never served.  I can't even tell you if the water was decent, because no one ever came to the table.  We sat there for 15 minutes, while wait staff walked around us, never looking at us.  Unfortunately, we hadn't eaten all day and decided to finally try Bachi spurred on by seeing it Triple D of the Food Network.  It was only 4:30 in the afternoon and the tables weren't even full.  We saw others sitting around in the various stages of not being served, some had empty glasses of water and some had drinks, but they all still had their menus and had the same look my table did...what the heck?The menu looked good, but to us, service is so important.  There are just too many choices in Las Vegas to be ignored like we were.
3	we have been going to Bachi burger for 2 years now. For most of our visits, the food is good. However, we have had some inconsistencies with the Miso Fish sandwich(marinade was missing ingredients) the Wagyu sometimes taste like the Angus. It could be a mix up with the Kitchen. My favorite is the Shogun burger esp. because the pan fried goose liver is yummy, its pricey though.
4	The Kiki burger is the ultimate burger. I always order it cooked medium, unfortunately, it was medium well. This has happened in the past. Medium well really hurts the flavor, moisture and texture. Next time, I will send it back. I look forward to my next visit
5	Best Burger in Town!    Hands down!  5 star best you can get.  If you havent had a bachi burger, you havent EVER had a Burger.  Fusion Asian and Burger, prime cuts that sizzle and light up your mouth upon entry.   This is the explosion in your mouth you are looking for in food.  lol.   This is fusion as its meant to be, surprising and tasty with a new combination and flavors you weren't expecting.    I recommend the kalbi, ronin or the bachi burger, they will be the beggining of a new love affair with burgers and fries..the fries are insane!   $8-10 burger, that delivers.  5 Star stuff here, DO NOT MISS THIS ONE..locals, if you haven't been here.  Beat it on down the Line, ASAP!    5 Star Recoomended!   Real deal legit shizzy here kiddies...  Get some!
1	I have never had Bachi Burger and was very excited to try as I have heard great reviews about the food. When we arrived it was an hour + wait and we still put our name down. We came back 45 minutes later and found out a different lady was working and had skipped us. When asked she made it aware to us she skipped us even though we were there earlier than our spoken time. The hostess that was working 2/17 between the time of 2:30-3:00pm with black glasses and nose ring was extremely rude and condescending and we then told her that we would not be eating there due to her rude energy. If you cannot serve do not be in the service industry. Sorry Bachi Burger but one rude employee can tarnish a lot. On to the one at Sahara!
5	For this place nothing bad ever needs to be said about the food. Top notch service and extreme high quality food is found here. I have always had the bahn-mi burger and its by far the best tasting thing I have ever had. The oxtail chili cheese fries are the best anywhere. Also the truffle parmesan fries have this dipping sauce that defies logic, because this sauce is just too good to only have for the fries. Best times to eat here is right at opening at 11am. If you plan on eating here after 6pm on the weekends you can expect to wait at least an hour.
5	Bachi Burger is really burgerlicious! Be warned the amount of MSG is so freaking high it made me dizzy. well at least i assumed it was MSG.. not sure... I guess if your sensitive to MSG like myself you might end up on the floor.lol. But the two times ive been there i would feel it.My recent visit to bachi burger was during the busy dinner hours.. The waiters were all busy and it took forever to get just a drink order , and the waitress took forever to take our orders, but it's okay just make sure you are aware during the busy dinner hours you will have slow service.. This was fine with me because I was conducting a business transaction dinner..For drinks I ordered the green tea, it was really a drink that quenched your thirst.  Add a pack of sweet n low for those of you who love your teas sweet..For starters I ordered the Oxtail chili cheese fries. I highly suggest you trying this.. One of my favorite starters here..For our burgers we ordered;The famous Miyagi burger medium on the meat. - This burger is topped with a sweet bun in the inside it came with friend breaded onions, egg, the burger sprinkled with furikake mix. SUPER BOMB!!!!I also had the the privileged to taste half of my associates burger he ordered the Kalbi burger which if i remembered consisted of lettuce and kimchi and kalbi burger. Really good as well but i still prefer the Miyagi over the kalbi burger.For french fries we ordered a side of truffled parmigian fries, which came with a special sauce. i highly recommend this as well.Even thou service was slow during dinner time i still give this place a 5 star, during lunch service is better. I'm not sure if it was my waitress at the time , that made the service slow.. but hey im not complaining, i still love this place! going again once a friend of mine arrives from hawaii! :)
5	I took a bite of the shogun burger and immediately my toes started throwing up gang signs. Yeah, that good.
5	as a las vegas local, this is a must go to place when I have visitors in town.  pork belly steamed buns are soooo delicious!
5	This place is so damn good! Obviously, you have to wait because they are pretty much always busy, but it's totally worth it. Small place, great atmosphere, and delicious food. Truffle Parmesan fries are a must have!
5	So good!Had the oxtail chili cheese fries and the black and green burger. Went with my boyfriend and split the food and got us both full. Thai tea was ok (not enough milk I think), but my bf got the mandarin orange tangerine soda and he thought it mixed well with our food. If you're looking to get a meal, you have to order it a la carte, but we got the burger and fries and drinks and it filled us up and we left very satisfied. Downside: It is kind of expensive, but we would definitely go back because it impressed us.
5	Holy crap, there went my diet.Came here pretty late on a Saturday and my friends and I destroyed three burgers, oxtail chili chese fries, and a normal fries with pineapple ketchup.I'd say the Miyagi-san was among the top three burgers I've ever had (I've had a LOT) - the bun, the meat, the toppings, they all worked really well together and dripped of both quality and creativity (and meat juices). I was only going to eat half, but couldn't resist finishing it because it was just that good.My friends had the blue and green burger and a custom one with avocado, cheddar, and bacon, both of which were reportedly very good as well.The oxtail chili cheese fries were also very good, though I have to admit I'm not as big a fan of chili on fries, but the garlic aioli really complimented it all very well. One thing that was quite surprising was the pineapple ketchup and how strong the pineapple flavor was and how well it went with the ketchup itself.Our service was spot on with everything explained very well and our orders completed quickly and accurately. I couldn't ask for much more.Prices seem quite fair to me for burgers of this quality, though I would not categorize it as an outstanding deal.Afterwards, I decided to further my tailspin into diet-failing by having the almond boba milk tea. It was actually really good, though certainly pricey in comparison to the typical boba price.I can tell I'm going to frequent this place more in the future. I'm not sure how I've managed to live here for almost a year and never really heard about this place!
3	The food has been consistently fabulous. Most recently, I tried the Vegetarian-friendly NO MEAT HERE... "BURGER" and it was good. It wasn't amazing (like their other burgers), but the fact that they had a well-constructed and thoughtful dish for Vegetarians was awesome enough for me. It featured a shiitake mushroom patty, Japanese eggplant, tofu, red bean, mixed greens, and chili lime vinaigrette on a wheat bun. Pretty cool. I also LOVE their TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES and SALT & PEPPER GARLIC FRIES. The toppings are amazing and the aiolis are addicting (especially that Garlic Chili Aioli, drool). The other burgers I've enjoyed several times are the RONIN BURGER, KIKI'S BURGER, and SPICY MISO BURGER. Serious drool action all over the board. I've had the OXTAIL CHILI CHEESE FRIES once and they're pretty amazing too. Basically, I haven't had anything bad. I do enjoy the boba milk tea drinks as well. They're not the best boba drinks, but decent for a craving. The BACHI SAKE SANGRIA is really great too and unassuming.The SHOGUN BURGER is really great! Loved the pan-seared foie gras and although I couldn't distinguish the Yamamomo Peach and Asian Pear really well, it added a nice sweetness to this rich sandwich. The Wagyu Beef was delicious as well. The Unagi seemed unnecessary though; it didn't add anything significant for me - taste or texture - and it kind of took away from the two main ingredients (Wagyu and Foie Gras). I also tried the SWEET POTATO FRIES for the first time along with my two favorite staples and it was okay. I liked the freshness and it not being salty, but with other amazing fry options, this doesn't come close.We did have one bad customer service experience where we ended up leaving without dinner and going to another restaurant. It was a rather busy night (and I'm sure they have lots of those) and the communication with seating availability was horrendous. Especially since I had called ahead. There was lack of organization and the gentleman that appeared to be the manager poorly handled the situation. It was really disappointing. Very "off-putting" and since I'm a regular, it wasn't a complete deterrent, however, for my friends, it was bad enough to not warrant another visit. Not a way you want to lose customers! Otherwise, the service is just okay. Which is a real shame with food so delicious.Update: I haven't visited this location for over a year because of my last experience. I have been to their Summerlin location a few times and prefer it MUCH more. The service is substantially better and it's not as crowded (no tourists!). I would stay away from this location.
5	Just go here and try one of their burgers, you will not be disappointed! We hit this on our way out of town based on my friend's recommendation and I am thankful we did. We shared a Kiki burger with an egg and truffle fries which were both bomb! Also ordered the pork belly slider which were damn good as well. As Samuel Jackson said, "Mmmhmm this is a tasty burger"Can't wait for them to open up in LA!
2	I don't even know if the owners read yelp but they should.  I used to love coming here and loved bragging about it. What happened slowest service ever, hostess with major attitude and doesn't smile.  Last night I wanted to introduce my friend to bachi because I talk so highly about this place, major fail !  The guy host was kool he put our name down and said it was about a 45 min wait.  There was no room to sit so we walked across the street And set a timer on our phone to come back in 30 mins just incase we get called sooner.  While waiting I just looked up yelp reviews out of boredom and I read a one star review from a guy below, how they told him an hour and he came back earlier and they skipped over him and the hostess was super rude to him so he didn't even get to try the amazing food.  I thought it was unfortunate. Then same shit happened to us but we made the mistake of staying. We came back in 30 mins instead of 45 and there was a gal at the host stand this time, we gave our names and she stated,  " I called you guys and u weren't here so u have to be put on the end of the list, that's why I tell people to tell me you're leaving. Our cooks a falling behind today"Wtf woman u didn't tell us shit because u weren't the ones to put our name down.  The guy then came back n told her we were up next. Nice save dude and thank u. They appeared short staff, our server Ratha super sweeetheart she gets 5 stars.   Food slowwwww I feel bad for the cooks the hostess said you are slow, but I still love the food so yum. What killed it was the host chick, whatever you're going through leave it at home.  You're the first face people see when they walk in. Reading more about past employees it makes sense, having a bad boss is like a cancer.  The food is still great but I'm hesitant to bring my friends here from out of state because of the service.  And that sucks because they really want to try bachi.  Maybe I'll just make the drive to the other location.  I think I will take them to Holsteins to be safe.  I now owe my friend a better dinner, and I should have listened to yelp. Dear cooks your food rocks! I will miss your food:(
5	Oh.  My. Goodness.  We heard about Bachi Burger on the show Triple D, and noted it, as we were about to head to Las Vegas.  We arrived a bit early and wondered if they were open for lunch as early as 11:30??  When we opened the door, we were pleased and surprised to find it PACKED!!  We were shown to a table, and studied the full, varied menu!  And we only had one opportunity to eat here on our trip! Shoot!Our waiter Blade was extremely helpful, and at his suggestion, we ordered two burgers and split them, so we could each try several.  We had the Ronin and the Miyagi-san, along with the terrific sweet potato fries.  OMG.  Seriously.  These were THE BEST BURGERS WE HAD EVER EATEN.  I was so sorry I could only eat one.  They both had the most amazing taste, they were moist, flavorful, and absolutely DELICIOUS!!!!  I cannot explain how amazing they were.  The fries were very good, too.  No doubt about it - whenever I will be back in Vegas, I WILL find a way to have a meal at Bachi Burger.  Have I mentioned they were AMAZING????If you're in the area, you will NOT regret a visit to Bachi Burger.  Now if only they would put one in San Francisco!!
3	Met a couple of friends here. Casual atmosphere and they do not take reservations.  Had the Ronin Burger and it was good, but not great. Expected more after all of the reviews.  Our group had the Sweet Potato fries, Salt and Pepper fries, the regular fries, a Ronin Burger and the Crab Sandwich.  Overall consensus was that it was OK, but not outstanding as expected.  Service was good and they have an extensive boba, soda, and drink menu. Skip Bachi and go to BurGR if you only have time for one burger joint in town and don't mind the strip.  I probably will also not bother going to the Bachi Burger they are opening in Westwood when in town, since Father's Office, 25 Degrees and so many other much better burger places are in LA.
5	Oxtail chili cheese fries where so good and hamburger was excellent will be coming back soon
4	Ok so when I heard of this place from my buddy Jon D, i had to go at least check it out.  And I would agree with him 100%, perfectly 4 stars.  Not quite 5 stars, needs better desserts.  Our table of 11 people had tried all the desserts and I would say that the custom pop tarts were by far the best.  The Portuguese Doughnuts were quite overdone and very hard and worst yet oily/greasy.  But lets concentrate on the positive shall we?  Well the service once you get past the long wait.  And in our case our table of 11 people, we were told that it would 1:20 minutes wait.  Any by reckoning, they had drastically underestimated the time, since it was Black Friday and there were so many people there.  But we got very lucky and a party of 6 people had decided to just bail and take off, so were pleasantly surprised at the short wait time of only 1:10 minutes. As for the food, it was as I like to say "pretty ok".  Nothing stuck out as awesome and nothing was completely a Fail either.  We had ordered most things on the menu.  Kalbi burger, Mr. Ho's, Peking duck bao, pork belly bao.  All in all a good list of choices available for you to eat.  Fries were pretty good.  Drinks were also good. Now for the one sour point.  Well i have to take a star away, as the service here was a bit on the leisurely side.  It could take them about 20 minutes before they would come back to get you something that you asked for.  This happened several times, no napkins, and also quite some time to refill drinks.  Now I will say that perhaps it was more the short sighted manager on duty, who probably didn't expect that Black Friday would be so busy?  But I think they were understaffed this night.  Otherwise I can't wait for the LA branch to open up in a bit.  I was just in the Sawtelle area of LA over President's weekend, and saw the sign that they were coming soon.  It was rather bitter sweet, as they took over from a small Mom N Pop grocery store.  But alas progress marching on.
3	This might have been 4 stars if we hadn't been so turned off by the service. Our waitress was not very accommodating and tended to ignore us, and the food took about 30-40 minutes to come out after we ordered. If it hadn't been for that, I might have rated this restaurant higher. I was excited to try this place and bring my dad because he doesn't venture out to try new places very often. I thought he would like the asian-fusion style burgers and flavors. I was super excited to try the Peking Style Steamed Duck Buns because it's my absolute favorite dish to get when I'm eating at a legit Chinese or Cantonese style restaurant. I didn't expect Bachi Burger's version to be as good, and I was right. Overall, the flavors just didn't work for me (a lot of cilantro, radish, boiled egg, black vinaigrette and BBQ sauce) and the duck didn't taste fresh. Nice effort though. My dad tried Kiki's burger, which is angus beef, shiitake mushrooms, caramelized bacon, onion marmalade, cheese and garlic chili aioli. I can't really recall how this tasted, so it must not have really made much of an impression (doesn't mean it was bad though). I thought that their burgers would be similar in style and flavor to Umami Burger, but luckily their burgers are bigger and seem more filling than Umami's. We also shared the Truffle Parmesan Fries, which had some black truffle porcini cream on it. It was good, but I love all things fries. Expect burgers to cost around $10 each, which I would say is a fair price. Atmosphere-wise, this seems like a fun place to go with a group to watch sports or just eat lunch/dinner. They serve a variety of milk tea/boba drinks also, which is nice. If you're looking for some unique flavor combinations and you have a taste for asian-style cuisine, by all means check this place out. But be prepared for less-than-stellar service, a long wait for your food and don't expect to be blown away by the flavors.
5	This place is amazing. I came for my birthday lunch on a Saturday with a party of 11, and we were seated in 40 mins. Quite a long wait, and I wish there was a reservation system, but I guess it makes sense for them not to have one. Also, I wish there was a birthday thing: I briefly glanced at their dessert menu, but didn't see a cake item or anything along those lines. And given that the waiters were being quirky about it being my birthday, it sort of made me feel like birthday people don't go there very often. Non-alcoholic beverages: I loved their custom sodas. Apple lychee is the best, the white peach one just tasted sugary (and not very peachy). Strawberry lemonade was also really good, none of that unpleasant tangy taste so common for lemonades. Burgers: I loved it and devoured it so fast, but I guess I would agree with the rest of my party. It was super greasy, and I don't know if this is what you would want for a day full of drinking. The grease+alcohol just wasn't a good combination. Fries: so good, both the chilli cheese ones and truffle fries. Note: the chili cheese fries is literally a plate of fries, definitely get it for 3-4 people to share (we had two plates for 12 people, along with 3 sides of truffle fries, and that was plenty)
3	Good, but the only thing left to memory was that after adding on items to my kids' burger is that it came out to $14. Without fries. Or a drink. Not even a color mat or crayons to keep them entertained. The Kiki burger and oxtail fries were good. I wish that there were bigger chunks of oxtail, but it had the flavor. My shake was really good, not too sweet or thick. Awesome music playingParking was kinda hectic30 min wait on a Monday nightI'd come back with the husband and friends, but feed my kids McDs beforehand.
5	This place exceeded my expectations. Awesome place, awesome burgers. I had the Kalbi Burger just recently and I'm dying to try every burger on the menu.
5	I would give it 6 stars if I can.  This is the most favorite burger I've experienced so far.  If you're visiting las Vegas, make sure you stop by.
4	Tasty, fresh, unique, and delish! Cant go wrong!! Try the Bachi Fish and make your taste buds happy!!Note, both restaurants can get really busy during normal lunch/dinner times, plan enough time.
5	Miyagi-San burger was just incredible.
5	Despite being an adult, my parents forced me to go to Vegas (I'm under 21 though so it's not fun...yet *wink wink*). However, I told them that they couldn't just do whatever they want when they got there, so I made them take me here.I ordered the Ronin Burger, my dad the Mr. Ho's Burger, and my mom the Kiki's Burger. My sister ordered a red velvet milkshake, and we also shared Truffle Parmesan Fries.As usual, my family and I have patience issues, but that's because we were super hungry. I believe I didn't eat all day prior to having my burger. Anyway, I had the opportunity to try everyone's burgers, and they were INCREDIBLE. Mine, especially. ;)The texture of my burger was wonderful; the caramelized onions sealed the deal. My sister's red velvet milkshake and the fries were also really good complements to my burger.I'm glad they're opening another location in LA in the near future, so I don't have to drive as far to get my Bachi Burger fix!Note: It's quite crowded so be prepared for that and the burgers are a little expensive, but it's so worth it!
5	Oxtail chilli cheese fries-10!Ronin burger (medium)-10!Even their coffee was amazing.  Very reminiscent of Flip Burger in Atlanta.  A boutique-y burger joint that really backs up their reputation as being one of the best burger restaurants in Vegas.  I love Bachi Burger!! :)
2	Its over priced burgers gourmet style. I would prefer pay for cheaper Fatty good food, Fuddruckers, oxtail in the cal hotel, any steak and eggs late night specials.   I thought the idea of Oxtail chili fries sounded interesting, but it was like the chili just overpowered the rest.
3	Not for your ordinary burgerBut a nice fusion of flavor, had the ban-mi burger and the truffle Parmesan fries.The fries themselves are a reason to come back, only three stars for price and service . It's worth a second or third look
3	Came to BB on a couple of friends' recommendations. Unfortunately, their burgers failed to make it in my top ten. They weren't bad... they just weren't as good as other gourmet burgers I've had.I ordered the Miyagi-san Burger (medium-rare) w/ Parmesan Truffle Fries. My wife got the Ronin Burger (medium) with regular fries. They arrived at our table about half an hour later, and we immediately noticed her burger was bloodier than mine. This was not a good start for my wife. We would have asked to cook it more, but we were already running short on time, so we split our burgers (which we were going to do anyway) since mine was less bloody.I thought the Miyagi-san was good... I definitely enjoyed it more than the Ronin, which wasn't as flavorful IMO. I liked the crunchy texture from the onion rings, but overall, I was a bit underwhelmed. I think there was just too much going on. The more burgers I eat, the more I appreciate the simplicities of them. And as bloody as both patties were, I found them to be a bit dry. The sauces on the burgers added the juiciness to them, not the patties.The Ronin didn't have as much going on as the Miyagi-san, but it wasn't any better as a whole. The caramelized onions were good, but that was about it. The slaw was barely noticeable, and the sauce didn't make a big impact for me. And the buns on both burgers barely managed to hold up.The Parmesan Truffle Fries were mediocre at best. I thought the truffle part meant they would just be fried w/ truffle oil or that the fries would be topped with truffle shavings, but they basically dumped this truffle-ish sauce over the fries that was very overwhelming. It felt like I was dipping the fries in a mushroom soup. I did not enjoy this. The only saving grace was the sun-dried tomato dipping sauce on the side.Service was great and the restaurant was clean, but when it comes to the food, I'd say Bachi is just A-OK. I may return one more time to try the Kalbi Burger and Oxtail Fries, but if I'm not impressed with those, I'm scratching this place off my list.
5	Seriously worth the wait! Best burger ever!
1	Well, first the wait was long, so I figured there must have been a good reason. There were many tables open for so e reason though.  We stayed, and got some drinks at the bar while we waited. First, my husband got a milkshake and thought it would be cool if they could put a shot in it. Since it WAS a bar and all. Well, the bartender obliged, but all the while telling all of his coworkers how crazy it was and weird and laughing about it. Making us feel pretty bad.  So we sit down, it's freeeeeeeeeeeezing cold inside. People are visibly shivering. We get our meal, I got the no meat burger, the consistency was so weird and mushy,it just feel apart in my hands!!( I've had plenty of '.no meat' burgers that at least had the consistency of a burger!!!!!)  The waiter was supposed to deliver us our fries with our burgers, but he comes back to our table, when we inquire about them and acts as if we NEVER ordered them!!!!!!!! He said it would be another 5 or so minutes.. By the time we would have gotten those fries my burger would have been STONE COLD!!!!! So I said forget it, lets just go....... It was an awful experience, never going again. Honestly, I felt like I was in that show "Kitchen Nightmares".... Get a new manager for real. THIS PLACE IS HIGHLY OVERRATED!!!!!!!!!
4	This is probably my favorite burger joint in town. Only because of the asian influence on the food. It's amazing and service has always been excellent. They have a gourmet trained chef so the varitey of flavors keeps me coming back over and over. Featured on DDD. One of my have to go when I get out of towners.
1	Such a disappointment!!!!!!I've had Bachi burger bookmarked for the longest and even had friends who went and loved it! So, today, while choosing a place to eat, I chose Bachi over Max Brenner. Yep. Big mistake. We ordered the truffle parmesan fries and salt and pepper fries.For our burgers we ordered the ronin burger and spicy miso.We waited 30 minutes for our fries and after complaining, our waitress said she didn't know we wanted the fries to come out first. Wthh.... . She gave us the sauces free of charge which was nice of her. Even though ALL the sauces tasted weird and citrusy. I thought the pineaple ketchup would taste like the special ketchup at Umami but it didn't. As matter a fact it tasted like regular ketchup.Our fries finally came out and I was disappointed with my truffle parmesan fries. The truffle sauce were drizzled lightly and only got on the first layer of fries.Our burgers came out looking so delicious! We both ordered rare. Taking the first bite of my miso burger, I could taste a slight miso taste and then just like that, it went away. And that was it. No other taste! From that point on it tasted like i was eating tasteless meat. The meat were tender but not juicy. I didn't even bother trying boyfriend's burger because he said the same thing about his.
3	Bachi=botchy! We were excited to try their burgers, but in the end everything was really messed up.  I think because we were confused who was our server and they were confused whose table it was yadi yada.  It could have been a quick lunch but in the end it was quite exhausting flagging one waitress down, then another, then another.  Botchy!Food wise here's the review! *Oxtail chili fries - everyone else likes it, but I say 6/10.  Are you suuuuure it's oxtail? We didn't have much meat on ours plus I like oxtail because of the gelatinous-y texture and it didn't have any of that.  Also, our egg was well done...we needed a runny yolk to make this mission successful.  Fries tasted alright, kinda like McDonalds.  *Fish burger - really salty!  I think 6/10.  By the time I was hitting my last few bites, i just couldn't do it.  My tongue was numb.  But the bun was uber soft, uber pillowy.  Nice.  *Mr Ho burger - hubby rates it 8/10.  The lup cheong and mushrooms tasted really rich and complemented the patty well.  As for me, I thought my first bite of his burger was far too sweet.  *Strawberry lemonade 10/10!  Fresh, tart, not too sweet.  I could drink gallons of this.  *Cherry Yuzu soda 10/10!  Same as above! So wouldn't go out of my way to go back, but from the airport it was a 5 minute drive and close to Tarjay so it's useful that way.
5	On the way out of Las Vegas we stopped by, since we were referred by other family members.  The wait was about 35 minutes, but we did have a party of 11.  I had the Green and Black burger made with Wagyu beef and some truffle fries.........absolutely amazing.  Price was about $14 for the burger and $4 for the fries, well worth it.  I highly recommend this place to anyone that thinks they have had a good burger before.
5	I had this place bookmark for a very long time! So when my friend told me she wanted to try out this place... we knew we has to add it into our places to go for her bday in vegas. We ended up making the drive out which wasn't too far from our hotel. We got seated pretty fast and was ready to order. My friend ordered oxtail chili cheese fries and i got the parmesan fries with miyagi burger. We also share the pork belly steamed buns. My burger was delicious! One of the best burger I ever had. I think its was the freshness of the ingredients and the bun they use that make this burger out of this world. The pork belly was melt in your mouth goodness but the fries was just okay. Overall... great place to check out if you're cravings for a burger!
5	Save room for Portuguese donuts with coffee gelato, perfect match hot Vietnamese coffee
4	Several friends told me to go here, so while I was in Vegas last week several of us hit this place up.  As we pulled-up, we could see the line that was already waiting which was a good sign.  As we waited, we surveyed the menu so we could speed-up our ordering process.  We agreed to order several burgers so we could cut them up and share them with each other.  Started-off and ordered the Parmesan Truffle Fries and Oxtail Chili Fries which were awesome.  We ordered the Ronin, Miyagi-San, Spicy Miso, Kalbi and Black and Green burgers.  Needless to say they were all very good.  A bit pricey, but not like I'm going to order these every week.  A definite must try if you're in the area.  Service was also very good.
5	Burgers will never seem the same after having a Bachi burger. The pickles and fries were special too. Joe provided great service and suggestions. The other servers were also attentive. Wish we had this place in Orlando!!  We'd definitely return.
3	All my friends raved about this place so I had to try it.  I came hungry after going to the driving range, so that says a lot considering I only give a so-so review.I'm not big into these fancy burger places first off.  I've been to Burger Bar and I didn't find it worth the $16 and I kinda feel the same about this place.My burger was good, don't get me wrong, but I've had tastier burgers for cheaper.  obviously locally, i will use the taste and price of In-N-Out as a baseline anywhere I go. Everything was prepared correctly, bun was tasty, but it just didn't "wow" me as much as I thought it would.  I will give this place another try, only because so many of you Yelpers love it so much!
4	Truffle fries are a must try. The pork belly buns were very tasty. The kalbi burger was a little rare in the middle even though we ordered medium rare but rare beef doesn't scare me. The red velvet ice cream shake was great. The southern sweet tea was bad and for some reason pineapple and mint was in it...?  The music was upbeat and made a nice ambiance. There were plenty of servers and we will go back for another dinner.
4	What I love about this location is the hours. This location in particular opens till 2am, AND just minutes from my house. I was blown away with the service here, considering the late hours, Saturday night and the occasional drunks. The entire staff was extremely nice, my server (Joseph) was way nice and on the ball making sure we didn't need anything....loved him!The food was BOMB! I'm not a fan of craziness in my burger so ordered a plain and simple 7oz Bachi Burger. The angus meat was cooked well, just as I ordered, AND still was juicy. The bun was perfectly warm, fluffy and ingredients were just the right amount. Only thing about this place is the ridiculous add-on's. For these burger prices you would think they would come with Cheese, to the least. No. It's extra. Lol. This is my choice when I miss In-N-Out's 1:30am cutoff. :-D
2	I was really looking forward to this place because the menu is so promising, but the experience was less than pleasing from the moment we walked in the door.  We walked in an I cannot help but complain about the smell of sewage as we walked in the door.  I'm not being hyperbolic - I honestly think I smelled sewage.  We asked to be seated outside but they were not serving outside so we sat as close to the windows as possible.  It seemed to help and we were really craving burgers so we stayed.The only saving grace was our waiter - he was very polite and did a fantastic job.  We ordered a couple of beers, the Miyagi sans Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, the black & green burger, and Truffle Parmesan Fries.  The burgers were ok, not horrible but not even close to worth the price ($13 or so).  The fries were also pretty good but again, nothing special.I would give them another chance just because, again, the menu has so much promise and maybe they just had an off night, but the food is going to have to be really great in order to get me to consider becoming a repeat customer.
4	Waited a little bit to get in midweek after 1 pm.  Seems to be the norm based on other reviews.Ok doesn't matter which burger you order, they are all awesome so i wont break them down.  We ordered 4 different ones and all were awesome. Salt and garlic fries very tasty. Truffle fries same story.Service was just ok.Definitely will be back when in las vegas
3	Ever since this joint was featured on the Food Network on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, it's become way too busy and disorganized. During our visit in March, this place was packed with a 30-45 minute wait at 3pm and there was only ONE waiter. What was even more puzzling was there were 5 bussers and table runners.The manager was just standing behind the counter doing nothing while everyone was running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  Wtf. AND to top it all off, we were sitting in clouds of smoke and this was the second time where the A/C was not working hard enough. Good thing for them the food is worth it... The Banh Mi Burger and Pork Belly Sliders are both a must try.  But if they don't fix the exhaust fans and A/C, I'll have to pass next time.  Too bad.
2	Unfortunately I was completely unimpressed by Bachi Burger.  In fact, I truly regretted wasting precious room for calories and fat on Bachi Burger and wish I had went over to Miko's instead and gorged on sushi and deep fried rolls.To start off, the bf Landon L. and I stopped in around 10p on a Sunday night and the place smelled horrible.  I realize that parts of Las Vegas have this disgusting smell and if you happen to be the unfortunate restaurant, I feel badly for you.  However, I cannot help but have to include into the overall experience. We asked to seated outside but they weren't serving outside for some reason so we sat at a table close to the back.  This helped a lot with the smell.  Apparently, whatever it was was confined mainly to the front of the restaurant.The service was very friendly but slow.  It felt like forever waiting for our burgers.  We ordered the Miyagi sans Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, the black & green burger, and Truffle Parmesan Fries, all of it quite boring and unimpressive and over priced for what you get.  Don't get me wrong, I am more than happy to pay a lot of money for good food.  For example, $19 for the Buffalo Burger at Burger Bar?!  HELL YES. Any day!! Worth every penny.I felt that the burgers at Bachi lacked flavor and punch.  They try to make them complex and "fusiony" but the ingredients were incohesive.  First, the Miyagi came with a fried egg, which was overcooked.  I guess when I order a burger with a fried egg, I expect the yoke to have some sort of runniness.  The black and green was okay, but really sweet.  And the Truffle Parmesan Fries were just okay as well.  We also ordered 2 beers.  All of this came to $45.  I would rather have given my $45 to Five Guys or In and Out.I'm sorry but though the food is okay, I think everything about the menu is pretentious and the price tags are way too high.
3	I truly expected more! I mean it wasn't bad but didn't blow me away.
4	I've been here on multiple occasions and I love it every time! Asian fusion hamburgers done right! If you're gonna add asian ingredients, GO ALL THE WAY! Don't just add teriyaki sauce to the same patty you use for your boring burgers.Ronin Burger: I'm a loyal fan forever! The sauce that they give you just takes the burger to a whole other level. Dip it, drizzle it, drench it. Do it all and your mouth will reward you. Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries: Why didn't anyone think of frying an egg and adding it on top before?! So yummy, although a few times I've had it I could tell the chili has been sitting on the stove all day. But I'd still eat it, and definitely share it with a group because you'll probably get a heart attack from how much calories are in this bad boy.Banh Mi Burger: Those pickled veggies! YUMM-O!Mr. Ho Burger?: I forget the name because I took a bite from my friend, but I think this one has taro bread which is definitely interesting if you love mixing savory sweet. Unfortunately I don't, but I'd definitely share this with someone just for a bite.  Miyagi Burger: A little hyped up for my taste, but still pretty good compared to your average American hamburger.Pork Belly Sliders: I've only had this once, and we took it to go because we were so stuffed. Didn't eat it until we were in our hotel room, where it was cold. Still tasted good, but I need to come back to taste it hot!My sister also ordered the lychee soda also very good and interesting!If you don't love Bachi Burger, you definitely should go to In-N-Out and add some teriyaki sauce.
4	Edamame beans soaked in garlic, ginger, chili!! BOMB!!
5	I saw this featured on Diners, Drive ins and Dives from the food channel. The chef made oxtail chili cheese fries on the show. It looked SO good we ate here the next day. PROS:***Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries - sweet and smoky chili with shredded oxtail and beans, topped with a over easy fried egg. Break the yoke into the skinny fries and cheese and MAGIC! (enough for 2 or 3 people)Kiki Burger - beef, sweet onion marmalade, chili mayo, bacon, sauteed enoki and shitake mushrooms (added a fried egg on the burger; $1.50 extra charge well worth it.) Medium rare (and that it was).Homemade blueberry "pop tart" with ice cream- two small but rich fresh blueberry pop tarts (square and surrounded with a soft thin pastry shell) on top of a smudge of fresh blueberry sauce and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.I'll be back. . . again and again.
5	There is nothing that compares to this place!  As a local, this is the #1 place I bring my out of town guests to and the consensus is the same every time: "Best burger in my life!"  I've had a chance to eat through at least 75% of the menu because everything is SO good I can't bring myself to repeat until I've tried them all.  You will never find a place that does burgers of this quality at this kind of price.  Shame on you if you're local and haven't been here...change that tonight!!  Go now!!!!
4	I've been to both locations Descent service , burgers were very good.
4	My favorite burger joint in town.  Cutting edge flavors and high quality ingredients.  My favorite is he kimchi burger....never thought a burger could be that good!
3	The food is AMAZING!! However the service sucked. We waited over ten minutes for a waiter and really weren't sure who our waitress was. She forgot drinks and never checked on is after dropping food off. The bus boys were fantastic and took great care of us. Again the food was GREAT!
3	I HATE THEIR SERVICE!!! Although everything on the menu is delicious! Ugh! I get so torn to come here because of it. Ever since they changed out their old staff, the new staff is horrible. Not so much of rude but just lack of customer service or inexperienced. I think they try to hard to be a little fancy or proper but it just ain't happening in this joint. However, on a more recent visit, I dined in with my husband and infant (brought him in with his car seat) and totally forgot about the sucky service! The host walked us to our table and kindly brought over a high chair for my baby. He then flipped it upside down and said for us to place baby's car seat on there. My husband and I didn't agree with putting out baby (or his car seat) on the bottom of the dirty high chair where it's been dragging all over the ground. So I asked if we can just have another chair AND the response he gave me was baffling! He said, "So you're OK with putting your baby on a chair where he can fall?!?!" Yes, you'r damn skippy, I gave him the dirtiest look AND he was lucky I kept my mouth shut. I replied, "yes and smiled (while doing whatever possible to put my baby's car seat on the chair the safest way possible)." Seriously, am I that stupid to just put an unsteady car seat on a chair. Anyway, point being, he should've just it to himself. So after this experience... I don't know if I will be going back unless I really have to! I'd rather go to the Summerlin location, nice staff (a little slow) and less crowded.
5	Everything is so good.  Everyone at our table ordered a different burger.  My favorite was the Kiki burger.  But don't miss the appetizers--the duck and pork steamed buns were amazing!
4	Pretty good burger joint!! We had a party of 5 this past weekend. I really didn't like how they gave us a small table for 5 instead of combining one more table for us so we can sit comfortably. We ordered alot of food but no space to put it. [+] Ronin burger..yummm[+] Kiki burger...mine was a little over cooked, but I like how they have shitake in my burger. I also like their buns. Its very "asian market" style buns.[+] Pork belly steam buns...soooo fatty and yummy[+] Oxtail chili fries + Egg....must get ....it is sooo good[+] Edamame with ginger, garlic, chili....one of the best edamame I've ever tasted...perfection![+] Kalbi burger...soo good[+] Truffle parmesan fries are good..but get the oxtail instead...so much better![+] Lychee milk tea..refreshing![-] Banh mi burger...go get a real vietnamese banh mi instead. [-] Fries with pineapple ketchup...its nothing special...and there wasn't enough pineapple taste in the ketchup. It taste like regular fries with regular ketchup with a pinch of pineapple juice. [-] Strawberry milk tea..taste fake/wierd. I will definitely hit Bachi Burger up the next time I go to Vegas! Our bill was a little pricey but some of the items on the menu are sooo worth it!
2	I was looking forward to trying this place after seeing Bachi featured on television.  Service was great, people were great, but I just couldn't appreciate the fusion of Asian and American when it comes to burgers.  If I were to go back, I'd go with a typical American style burger.  Not that the food was not good, it just didn't appeal to my palate
2	First for the positives.  The food is really good and the burgers are original with a hint of smoke, especially on the wagyu.  We've tried four different burgers and the Ronin is our favorite so far.  The Oxtail chili fries are great as well, but we'd order with extra jalapenos as the little green shavings are a bit thin and sparse.  The parmesan truffle fries are tasty as well but the garlic pepper fries were just okay.Now for the negatives.  We left our first visit with the feeling the service was a bit "aloof".  Nothing serious happened but it just didn't feel right.  Of course, we were there at 12:30am and were so impressed with the food that we didn't give it much thought.  The second visit was a couple weeks later at 2pm and we were seated at the far windows next to a large group with children.  They didn't stay long but all the tables emptied around us and we started to have feelings of abandonment.  What followed was a series of slow service and blatant disregard.  After we received our order, we had to wave down service and ask for everything.  We saw only one person twice and no one asked about or meal.  Our table was in the visual path when walking from the front of the restaurant toward the kitchen, and I saw multiple servers look at our empty water glasses and quickly turn away or duck into the kitchen.  We had to ask for the check then left.The food is 5-star for the price but we'll subtract 3 stars for the service.  Bachi Burger has a serious problem at this location and I doubt we will return.  I'd like to understand why things are so screwed-up there, but we gave it a chance twice and won't get burned a third time.  We may try the other location because we like the food, but it'll be a while.***UPDATE***We recently visited the west-side Bachi Burger and it does not have this location's service problems and is slightly bigger with a partially divided dining area that cuts down the ambient noise.  The west-side location also has more windows and is less "dungeony"... for lack of a better term.
5	In fairness to the restaurants I haven't tried yet, I will not come out and say that this is the best burger in Vegas, but any of the selections here are some of the best I have had. Their beef mixture is very delicious and they can actually cook a burger medium to medium rare which is often a challenge for some reason at restaurants like this.  After some of the hype died down and the wait times weren't outrageous, Bachi Burger even became a place to get a reasonably quick meal as well.
5	so update, I was actually planning on going to the Summerlin location, but due to timing, my friend and I went to windmill again, that's because they close at 2am. Had the Ronin burger. Wow. that citrus aioli, is out of this world, japanese coleslaw was what made this burger in my opinion. My friend decided on the "no-meat-here" burger. I was kind of hesistant on trying it. Eggplant, tofu, red bean and a shitake mushroom patty. Ehhh. but it was surprisingly good, those ingredients went well together, I would have never ordered it for myself, but I am glad I tried it.
5	In search of the best burger I stumbled upon Bachi Burger. I was also prepping for a physique competition and this was my last cheat meal for the next 3 months so my expectations were high or let me say my hopes were high!!We took the bus from the strip and walked close to 2 miles after that. Ok now this better be good! Finally we arrive! Located in a newer building complex it didn't look like much. We were seated right away and told about the special of the day, fish tacos! I we decided to go for the Miso Burger and the Ronin Burger. We also ordered the pork belly steamed buns, fish tacos and sweet potato fries. Our burgers were cooked I perfection and were AMAZING!! One of the best burgers I have ever had. The fries were so good I ordered another helping along with another helping of the steam buns. These things are so unique an full of flavor. Reminded me of the pork belly sandwich I got at Burroughs Market in London. Now let's talk about the sauces they have for dipping! They have a hoisin sauce for the steam buns which was to die for and also they had a pineapple ketchup that I just wanted to swim in!!! Thy had a few other sauces that were amazing too and all fresh made!!!For dessert I ordered a chocolate peanutbutter shake. The waitress asked if I like chocolate or peanutbutter more? I said peanutbutter and all I can say is she took note!! So good!!This place will be an absolute much any time I visit Vegas. Definitely is now another reason I'm excited to return to LV!!!
5	All I can say is I cannot wait until they open one up in Los Angeles!! The food was incredible!! We were in Las Vegas about 2 weeks ago. I should've wrote the review then, but forgot.When we got there, there was about a 20-25 min wait. So worth it!! We saw this place on Diners Drive-ins and Dives and had to come! Oh momma! We ordered the ox tail chilli cheese fries for starters. Holy shit, it was good! I had the Banh Mi burger which the patty was a mixture of angus beef, pork and shrimp. I didn't know how it was going to taste, but it was amazing.  I can't stop raving about the food to this day! If you go to Vegas, go out of your way off the strip and go to Bachi Burger. If you live in the LA area, I hear there will be one opening up on the westside. I couldn't wait for it to come here. Go there!!!
4	Juicy Burgers and Huge until you squeeze down to eat...Fries and Guava milkshake sooooo good !!!
5	Pork belly on the steamed buns, Kalbi burger and oxtail chili cheese fries with a fried egg - feast of kings. If i had to choose my last meal on this earth, i would want to go to this place. What a gem to find in Vegas. Superb. Saw on food network and had to visit. Wish they had one in San Diego, CA.  Absolutely loved the food and experience. When back in Vegas, Bachi burger is a must have. Deserves 8 stars not 5. Above and beyond!!
3	Heard a lot about their burgers and I finally had a change to try one tonight.  Had the Kalbi burger with some Kim chee.  The burger was good, but for the money...I've had better elsewhere.  I wasn't impressed.
2	I wanted to rate a 4 because the food is amazing, but service was so off today!!!We were greeted and seated right away, which is a plus for noon (we came at just the right time - right after the restaurant filled up). We were started with waters to drink, which was perfect.However, during service was not what it usually is - our server kept paying attention to one table, which seemed to be friends of his, he refilled everyone's water in his section, but mine (drinks refills are huge with me, and the fact that my water was empty and NO ONE refilled it definitely took a whole star away), and he didn't do a check back with us until we were practically done eating. Once we were clearly done eating and I are most of the ice in my cup (see picture), STILL no refill and a few other servers walked passed our table, let alone attempt to pre-bus or offer dessert. Our server finally came back, asked if we were all done (no shit, Sherlock!) and we asked for our check. And still - no water refill!!!! The worst part about it is there was another server right next to us with a water pitcher, looked at our glasses and he walked right passed us.I love the food here, but man this experience sort of ruined it for me! Maybe I'll have to check out the Bachi on the west side of Vegas?Note: forgot to add a few things- burger was medium well, when it was supposed to be medium- the burger itself was not seasoned- oxtail chili cheese fries were 80% beans- oh, and didnt I mention I didn't get a water refill? (Just kidding!)
5	This is the best burger place I have ever enjoyed!  Super delicious burgers! Try the brandy milkshake...its awesome!
5	Omg this by FAR my favorite Burger Place in Vegas....... The bun ALONE is to DIE for.  #lifechanginglunchspot
4	Went here on a sunday afternoon and the wait was about 45 minutes at around lunch time. I'm a out of towner so I decided to wait and see what was all this hype about.I'm glad we waited though, food took a bit longer than expected but it was crowded.The wait was worth it though. The burgers were cooked perfectly to what I ordered. Fries were a good serving to share, and lemonade was pretty sweet, really sweet for my tastebuds. Watered down it was perfect!You'll spend 10-15 bucks a person if they order drinks and a burger and share fries.can't go wrong with that!
3	Service was okay. I think this place is too hyped up. I tried the oxtail chili cheese fries with an added egg on top (sunny side up). It was okay. Not that mouth-watering where I had to eat more. I ordered the Ronin Burger which was good, but not great. There was another burger that I tried and it was not good.... too much goose liver flavor to it... blah. Anyways, this is a good place to try if you're a burger fan who likes Asian fusion stuff too.
5	Wow wow wow!  Ronin burger + salt pepper fries = yum in your face!! Mmmmm!
5	5 Stars because for someone who rarely craves burgers, this place makes me want to crave them regularly. Glad they're opening one in L.A. Since going gluten/dairy free, burgers without a bun has been - eh, okay. However, my friend gave me the impression that this is one of the best go-to places in Vegas. I was hesitant at first because I was hoping for some good Thai, but my friend's enthusiasm got me suspicious -- could a burger place be that good that it warrants a visit by him and his family each time they're in Vegas??? So I acquiesced...I ordered the Miyagi-san without a bun (and I gave away my onion rings since they were battered) -- and boy, it was so yummo-licious I wanted to lick the plate. I ate every morsel, and since I didn't eat a bun, my stomach had room for garlic fries & their perfectly-lightly-sweetened plantation tea.My two complaints are:1. They did not list their operating hours...we had to wait for them to open at 11am...seriously, this place needs to be 24/7!2. Almost ruined my mood when the waitress told me the chef could not make my Shogun special with fois-grae without butter. =(Anyhoo, place that can make a bun-less burger taste the way it does has my vote, and a perfect blend of burger-Asian fusion to boot! Can't wait to go back to try everything else on the menu!Pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=_MFbBD_-Svywc4ExG_ZGGw#_MFbBD_-Svywc4ExG_ZGGw
5	The problem with over hyped places? They never live up the hype. Bachi Burger is the exception to the rule.In the land of the $10 dollar burger, Bachi sits high above the rest. Tried the Ronin and it was just so damn bomb. Patty was meaty, juicy and perfectly cooked. The soy glaze worked well to bring a tangy, salty-sweet flavor to enhance the meaty-ness. The egg just brought everything together.Oxtail chili fries are just that. "Oxtail chili" - a chili made from oxtail. I was somehow expecting big chunks of oxtail in my chili but I guess they grind the meat. My misunderstanding I guess. Still bomb though.A definite must try and/or return destination while in Vegas.
5	Love this place! Great food!! Great service! Vegas need more spots like this
4	Finally another trip to Las Vegas.  And got to enjoy the Shogun burger again.  Absolutely loved the foie gras, unagi, and pear.  It was sooo good.  Wish I could say that about the service.  Ordered the Peking duck bun and after "reconfirming" the order when the server came back to take our entree order, a pork belly bun was delivered.  Then after correcting the order, the peking duck was uncooked and cold.Food:  4.5 stars.Service:  2.0 stars (even though he screwed up the order, he was quite pleasant).
4	I truly enjoyed Bachi burger. I got a spicy miso burger with a wagyu beef patty and it was juicy and delicious. I also got an order of the Parmesan truffle fries and I thought they were just ok. My server was very friendly and I would recommend checking this place out if you want a fancy hamburger!
5	When I dream in burger the language being spoken is Bachinese. Best burger I ever had. Ever
5	Oh, My. God.  Not sure what location we did go since we are not that familiar with Vegas, and a friend drove us, however, I have to say I really loved the place.  We had to wait like 40 minutes or maybe less to be seated (on a weekday for late lunch) but the wait was well worth it.  Don't you love when that happens?  I ordered the Bah Mi burger and the Morimoto sake Rogue beer, that is kinda hard to find.  I can have that meal all the time for the rest of my life.  With the mini donuts for dessert.  The fries were good I just cannot remember which one we ordered.Can you please please please open a location in San Diego?
5	Had the Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger - very tasty (Nothing beats egg and onion rings on a burger!) & truffle fries - also tried Garlic Aoil - red velvet shake was really good. Lots of other great burger options!
4	First time here, my mind was blown at how interesting and delicious all the food was. That was a year and a half ago. When I came back to Vegas recently, I made sure to revisit this off-strip place...I had good memories about the momotaro drink, ox tail fries, and delicious burgers with taiwanese style buns and perfectly cooked meats. I think my expectations were a little too high for the place after dreaming about it for so long, but nonetheless, they were still met! We ordered 3 different burgers and cut them each in half so that we could all get some variety.
2	I guess I'm truly in the minority on this place.  So many of my Yelp friends gave it rave reviews that I was really excited to try this place when my friend was in town in March.(It was also one of the only places that you could get boba at 10pm.)So we go inside and there's a strange mix of smells.  At first you're like, "Oh, this is different" and I try to associate different with good, but the smells change and you're like, "Hmm, not sure if good" with a confused look on your face.  I think the servers are trained to ignore that look, because I caught a couple of people who walked through the door doing the same thing.It was pretty busy when we went but I could see at least a handful of tables clean.  We still waited about 10 minutes to be seated.  We almost walked out but boba was the main goal so we stuck it out and sat down.Waiter was OK.  Definitely not exceptional.  He wasn't thrilled when we first ordered waters and boba.  The boba was slow to come out and wasn't really boba... definitely wasn't 5-star worthy in any way shape or form.I decided to suck it up and order an appetizer - their oxtail chili cheese fries.  Sure, why not.  They were decent, but certainly nothing to go crazy over.  And the sunny-side up egg on it was just...no.  Didn't really fit anything.  That's kind of how I felt about the whole menu, though - trying to be hipster and cool with all their "weird pairings" that didn't make sense unless you were also hipster and cool.  I dunno.  I'll eat damn near anything, but 95% of the menu sounded weird, ridiculous, or both.And because of that, they feel like they can charge exorbitant prices.  $12 for chili cheese fries?  Ox is NOT that expensive of a meat, so sorry, I don't buy that.We paid our tab for half-eaten fries and sub-par boba.  Won't be going back.
5	Came here 5/10/13, and I don't remember exactly what it was called, but it was the turkey/chicken burger with onion rings, lettuce, tomato, and some teriyaki type glaze on the patty. It came with a mint tasting aioli on the side. The most juicy, flavorful turkey burger I have ever tasted. It did NOT disappoint me at all. I also tried the truffle fries w/ the sundried tomato ketchup thing on the side and that's when I reached food nirvana. I'm definitely coming back here when I come back to the Vegas area.
4	Amazing Burgers. Get off the Strip and try them out.
5	First time here.  I tried the Ronin burger with bacon and cheddar cheese...OMG absolutely delicious. This place is a must go if you're in town.
2	The wait is way too long for a damn burger. Orders would take forever to come out and some tables would get there order faster than others. Yes the food is good but not good enough to wait 45 to sit down & 35 mins to wait for your food. Service was nice but I would not come back. It's a Sunday after noon and it's not even that busy.
5	Family in town, wanted to try Bachi, so we loaded into the cars and headed their way, only to find, a line!  It's packed and of course, we gonna wait.  I smell the flavors floating our way while we wait and my mouth is watering like crazy.Love the Kiki's burger, and as usual the burger is cooked perfect, the flavors so palatable and titillating, I wish I had two!  Love their sweet potato fries.   Good service, very good food, always a good choice for a burger.
4	Do NOT get the boba drinks here. All made w/ powder, nothing natural, tastes way too sweet and expensive! We tried the honeydew milk tea. Ick. Ok having said that, the burgers were delish!! Bachi is located in a strip mall. Nothing fancy. We came on a Sunday for lunch, and had to wait bout 30 minutes for a table of 4. We ordered the Ronin burger, Kalbi burger, spicy miso burger, truffle fries and onion rings. The burgers were all pretty sizable and the patties were juicy and very thick! Very well flavored beef. I tried the ronin and the spicy miso first and I'm glad I did because the kalbi was VERY FLAVORFUL because of the marinade and the kimichi. The taste stuck a bit more in my memory then the ronin and the miso. But I thought all the burgers were delicious in their own way. The buns were nicely toasted too. The fries and the onion rings were good, with the onion rings being thinner and a little on the oily side. I really also enjoyed the sun dried tomato dipping sauce and the garlic chilli aioli. so addicting! Service was pretty good. It took a little while for the burgers to come out, but it was worth the wait. The burgers were very satisfying without being heavy. Great meal off the strip!
2	So, we came here for a late lunch at 4pm with a group total of 9. 8 total people eating and one baby. The hostess decided to give us crap because we told her 8 instead of 9. Then proceeded to give us an attitude about how many kids were in our group. What does it matter? Is there a kids menu at Bachi Burger? Not that I know of... Anyway, we left after sitting there from 3:45 to 4:20 without getting seated and went to the Bachi Burger in Summerlin. Really disappointed. 2 stars because I know the food is great. -3 for horrible service.BTW the service at Bachi Burger in Summerlin was excellent. I'll write another separate review for that establishment.
5	Excellent place for a low key family meal.Great service and wonderful with kids.
4	This place is cutely tucked away in a little niche! Upon entering the restaurant I was unfortunately not greeted by the hostess, although she was standing there speaking with what seemed to be her friend. (Who almost hit us with her car in the parking lot by the way) The servers there were superb. One rushed to the door after the hostess "ignored" us and sat us. The experience from there forward was amazing! Food was emmaculate as well as presentation! I definitely will come back here regardless of the hostess who was inattentive.
5	Oxtail chili cheese fries!! (Drops the mic)
4	Definitely a fan!! Went here last weekend and I must say the food here is pretty good!!! My bf and I shared the oxtail fries & the Shogun burger. The oxtail fries were really tasty!! You can kind of tell that the fries don't have the same flavor profile as regular chili cheese fries, but I wouldn't say that oxtail jumped out at me. Granted, these fries were pretty freaking good and I'd get them again...but the oxtail flavor doesn't sing. The Shogun burger ($26...pricey I know) comes with seared foie gras, asain pear, arugula, unagi (eel) and the angus beef patty. This burger was probably one of the BEST burgers I've ever had! The foie really put it over the edge for me. The foie was in-your-face delicious and the pear had enough acid to cut through the foie. I didn't really care for the unagi. I hardly tasted it at all so that was the only "ehh" part about it. But definitely one of the best burgers and if you're in a baller mood you should order it!
4	Service here is slow, but friendly.  Food is very good.
4	Wanted to stop by to buy some groceries during our vegas trip and Bachi was right across the street so we just had to stop by. We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries which was okay. However, the chili was pretty amazing. Meaty with a bit of spice. MMMM Everyone ordered an item off the burger list but since I'm not a huge burger fan, I opted for a specialty sandwich which I feel that they don't advertise much of. I ordered the Lonely Bird which was large enough that I was able to save a bit for dinner. I was also able to try a bite of the ronin burger which I would recommend if you love eggs and fried things lol.
5	In Vegas for business and I wanted something off the strip.  I saw this place on Yelp and it looked like it was right up my alley.Beer - So I live on the East Coast and Dogfish Head is somewhat local.  They had some excellent Dogfish Head beers that I had never heard of.   They also had what is now one of my favorite beers on the planet called Hitachino Nest IPA - this is Japanese Micro Brew and it was phenomenal.  Thank you Bachi Burger!Food - I had the pickled vegetable appetizer.   Very cool and tasty.  For $4 I had to try it.  Then I had the Bahn Mi burger - outstanding.  i highly recommend this place.  I spent as much on beer as I did food and it was money well spent.  I will be going back next time I'm in Vegas for sure.In a strip mall, next to a tanning salon, this wonderful place is very nondescript, don't let looks fool you.
4	No problems with service here. Our server, Dan, was super friendly and worked quickly to get us everything we needed. The wait was about 30 minutes. There were quite a few empty tables, so it seems like the wait comes mostly from lack of staff to serve all the tables, not necessarily from quantity of people.Food was delicious. We had the truffle parmesan fries, Kiki's burger, and the Ronin burger. Kiki's burger was angus beef, shiitake, enoki, and eryngii mushrooms, caraamelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, and garlic chili aioli. The taste wasn't as mushroom-y as I expected, was was nice. And since I love sweet and salty, the marmalade really made the burger. Ronin was angus beef, caramelized onion, japanese cole slaw, fried egg, and yuzu citrus aioli. Also, very good.
4	Great burgers at great prices. I had the Kiki burger, which was so good. I also had a bite of the Miyagi-San, which was fantastic too. Both were cooked to medium (perfectly) and the patty was super tender and juicy. The portion size was just right, although I ended up saving a little bit of it for the drive home. It was still delicious!Another must was the ox-tail chili cheese fries. I accidentally bit my lip and caused it to bleed when I saw it arrive, just to give you an idea of how good it looked. It's a little expensive but the oxtail is so flavorful. Best of all, the chili is not watery, which I hate!Can't wait to come back. Or to go to the one opening in LA!
3	I initially heard about this place from a friend who mentioned oxtail chili cheese fries and I was immediately intrigued. Sadly, I couldn't eat it during that trip, so on my next Vegas trip, I decided to make a stop here before heading to the strip. Thank goodness this place closes late because I didn't think we'd make in time from LA. This would be the first time I tried a burger with Asian infused flavors.Food:1) Ronin Burger was good, but not spectacular. I enjoyed the Angus beef, caramelized onions, the gooey fried egg, and the crispy texture of the coleslaw. However, along with the Miso Goma, Yuzu and Citrus Aioli, it was too saucy and it had too much sweet flavor going on in a burger. I actually prefer a more savory rather than sweet flavor on a burger.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=V5kPRRaoHF6UCdwU-3-XWg#7CC4LhQgNIOvut_ilHgPEg2) Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries tasted just like chili cheese fries. The chili was surprisingly light for chili. I could tell that there was a little bit of a difference in texture, but the flavor of the oxtail wasn't obvious. If it oxtail weren't mentioned in the name, I wouldn't have known that there was oxtail in there. There definitely wasn't a noticeable difference enough for me to spend that money on it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=V5kPRRaoHF6UCdwU-3-XWg#i_RIwA6P6rcLwhxdKJVBBg3) Truffle Fries were some of the best I've had, but the sauce was only drizzled on the top, so there definitely wasn't enough of it for the rest of the fries.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=V5kPRRaoHF6UCdwU-3-XWg#TcId2ISk5G8_x0SGno4StwService:Our server was friendly; Food was brought out in a timely fashion; Refills were constantly given.
5	I would go here every week if I could. Maybe every day. I love their beer selection and their burgers. There are endless combinations. I have my go-tos, like the chili edamame and the truffle fries. They're all so yummy.  I have to say, the Ronin burger is also so yummy. Decently priced always helps too!
4	the shakes are awesome and the burgers are awesomer
5	Me and my friend ate way too much but it was freakin' worth it. We show up around 2pm and there was a 25 minute wait. Plus this is way off the strip like close to the desert off. It was a $30 cab ride from the strip but $10 to the airport. As appetizers we got the pork buns and the oxtail chili cheese fries. Holy crap they were so good. The buns were soft and not heavy and the pork belly had enough fat that melted in my mouth. It had the hoisin sauce on the side for dipping which was super tasty and great sweetness to it. I think its not as good as Momofuku's pork buns but its still up there. Probably my second favorite. The oxtail chili cheese-fries was bangin!! It was so heavy because of beans and sunny side up egg but still so worth it. The jalapenos were to hot to eat because of the 113 degree weather but any other day it would have been fine.  We could have stopped eating and that could have been all we ate. Of course we didn't and made ourselves look like fat asses when ordering the burgers. He had the Ronin and I had the $26 dollar Shogun burger. The Shogun burger was so rich and soft because it literally melted in my mouth. If I was 76 years old with false teeth and couldn't eat burgers anymore I would be in heaven. It is made of Wagyu Beef & Unagi Pan Seared Foie Gras, Poached Asian Pear, Miso Butter, Yamamomo Peach. The bun also  soft and sweet that I really felt that I wasn't eating a lot at all. I think it's over priced by like 3 bucks but I would still recommend it because of the very rich flavors. We tried finishing it all but we realized it was too much food. It was funny our waiter Mark was like, "So you will be having the pork buns as your main course.." and I stopped him and was like, "Haha Hell no. I'm getting a burger also." And he gave that look like I did not know what I was getting into but sure enough took my order. Service was really good. They refilled our waters every second they got and catered to our needs. I wish there was a place like this in the Tri-state area.
4	Very tasty burgers. Came here after we finished a trade show in Vegas. Overall very delicious burgers. Shoe string fries had several dipping sauces, and burgers were cooked perfectly. Want to try the miyagi-San and sho-gun burgers next! Heard this is one of the best gourmet burger spots in Vegas and was featured on the food networks diners drive-ins and dives...
5	Great Vegas burger joint just outside the strip.. Burgers have an Asian twist so makes for different & interesting condiments.. I had the burger with the egg and bacon on it.. Can't remember the name but it was off the hook.. Meat was high quality, buns are freshly baked and the condiment choices were all fresh and tastey.. Steamed pork dim sum sliders!! Need I say more.. Will be back!!!
3	This place is A-OK!   If you're looking for a good burger somewhere away from the strip, this is a good place to go.  I had really high expectations of this place based on the amount of reviews and pics they have on Yelp however their service and some of their food fell short of a 4 or 5 star rating.   Food~ the burgers are very creative with loads of extra flavorful  additions like caramelized onions, cheeses, ox tail chili and various cheeses.  The extra favors are a bit much considering everything is piled onto an angus beef patty that is difficult to taste with everything else piled on.  A lot of people like these burgers, so give them a try!  I also thing the truffle fries are over seasoned and like with their burger, it was difficult to taste the actual fry for all of the sodium and truffle sauce.  Again a lot of people like them.  I really like their sweet potato fries!
4	I've been coming here since their opening day and every time I'm in Vegas I make it a  priority to eat here. The food is damn good and the service is hit or miss. I've been here when there as been exceptional customer service and I've been here when my waiter came to our table a total of three times and took 15 mins to get a lemon for my water. Lets talk food! Even though I complain sometimes about the service...the taste and texture of the food does help the situation. All their buns have a nice crisp outside and a soft, fresh inside. I'm picky about my buns and these are @DmagicP approved! Must have starters:- Peking Style Duck Steamed Bun (soooo good!)- Truffle Parmesan Fries- Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries- Stir Fried, Garlic, Chili Edamame Daaaa Buuuuuuurgers:- Ronin Burger: The Japanese cole slaw, miso dressing, fried egg, and the yuzu citrus aioli make this burger so tasty! It's very flavorful and a simple burger. If you like fried eggs with your traditional burgers, then you will have no problem liking the Ronin.- Kalbi: It's Kalbi marinated with house made Kim Chee. I just love the taste of marinated Kalbi. The marinated Angus beef is full-bodied with a kick of their house mayo. The meat is tender and cooked to perfection. It almost melts in your mouth. This one is a nice one to have if you've never had Kalbi before. -Crusty Crab: If you love crab like I do...then you will enjoy this burger!  I like this one not only because it's crab, but the chutney sauce that is on it. I do like chutney and I've never had it with crab meat before. At first it tasted a little intense for me- the avocado, chutney, and tartar sauce but toward the third bite the mixture of flavors started to kick in and it ended up being very palatable.  Bachi Fish: This one is probably my least favorite. I do like fish (Alaskan Cod), but something about the mixture of flavors weren't pleasing to my taste buds. I might have to give this one another try. Dessert:- Saigon Cinnamon Bread Pudding w/ Vanilla ice Cream- Portuguese Donuts w/ Coffee Gelato- Chocolate Hazelnut Ice Cream Sandwich (Summer Special)Beverages:- Apple Lychee Soda - Red Velvet Milkshake - Strawberry Guava Milkshake- Watermelon Boba Milk TeaYou have to come here a few times to experience all the delectable items on the menu! Besides the strip clubs, clubbing, girls, and gambling...this is what's on my mind entering Vegas! Enjoy!If you eat good food, then you will never have to eat bad food again - @DmagicP
5	I absolutely love this place , the lonely bird is my fave with the fresh strawberry lemon aid  yummie, our server Daniel was great too , very on point !! Love this place !
4	I'm a fan but they need to work on their service :) but food is highly recommended.
5	Black & Green burger was to DIE for! Wagyu grass fed beef was superb & tender. I ordered it Medium. Spinach, Blue cheese, mushrooms and bacon . I would order again but I'm looking forward to trying EVerything!Ps: sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked. Best ever. Service was great, being our first time the waiter was patient and went over everything . Our drinks didn't come out right away and they apologized twice. I like when servers make you feel important even in a burger joint. Nice!
5	Unique burgers with an Asian twist. The meat quality and toppings were all very fresh  and varied. I had the Miyagi-San burger ($14), which had fried egg, fried onions, bacon, and an interesting sauce. The buns were very fresh and collapsed easy.One thing I wasn't a huge fan of were the oxtail chili cheese fries ($12). They tasted like generic chili cheese fries and the fried egg was a tad overcooked, resulting in less yolk. Further, you could not really taste any of the oxtail.The Parmesan truffle fries were solid. The sauce that accompanied them was delicious.I am rating Bachi Burger 5 stars due to how unique the burgers are and the overall quality. Expect to pay about $25 for a share of appetizer and a burger. Everything is ala cart as well, so be sure to take that into account. Great food, nice service. I would go back here.
4	Excellent appetizers, especially the chili fries and sweet potato fries. The burgers were all right, but not quite worth the price.The staff is friendly. Overall a good dining experience, but a little expensive for what you get.
5	Bachi Burger.Best ever~~~
1	Dropped by this place for lunch, didn't seem all that busy, I saw 6 empty tables, but when I said  I was by myself, I was told it would be about 10 minutes before a spot at the bar would open up.I'm sorry, but at the lunch hour, you won't sit a single at a table, you lose my business.  Walked out
4	The Peking style duck  steamed buns were great and also the Kiki burger and  garlic fries were great
4	as seen on DDD.. (diners, drive-ins and dives)..came here wanting to come so bad..decided to place our orders to-go..took awhile because it was so damn packed..for such a small place..i ordered the bachi burger..it was good, but it wasnt GREAT. Somethings missing, but i cant complain. On to the oxtail chili cheese fries..i must say, it was delicious, but i only had like two pieces of oxtail meat..but then again i was on one.. french fries topped with chili, oxtail meat, cilantro, and a fried egg.
1	Didn't make it to the food.  I've been in vegas for 14 years and this is without question the worst service I've experienced.  I (and 4 others with me) work in the area, eat well, tip well, and don't worry about the cost.  Won't go back there again.  If there's any kind of wait, I'd suggest you find another option.
1	I no longer understand why my friends and I bothered to stand and wait 40 minutes for these overpriced burgers, but I do know that I will never do it again.  The burgers may be good but no amount of good food can make up for the stupid long waits and terrible service.  Today after waiting 40 minutes we watched as our table was given away to a group that had just arrived.  The hostess was indifferent to the fact that we had been waiting and this was the last straw.Don't waste your time waiting to pay $15+ for a burger only marginally better than the DairyQueen across the parking lot (my friends and I now call DQ "Bachi Burger East").
4	I entered the door and was hit with such a wonderful aroma, I thought for sure this sis gonna be great! I'm feeling good about my choice and then I met the wanna be hostess. To say that she was rude and disorganized would not be doing this post justice.Luckily the real hostess Stacy came to the rescue. She offered me and the hoard of people standing in what could only be considered a vestibule with one too many plants & too few chairs a cool drink while we waited. (Thank you Stacy) Once seating became available for me to sit at the bar (about half an hour later) I was seated and given a menu. I asked the friendly couple sitting next to me what they would recommend and once they did I perused a little longer and then made my selection. I had the KiKi burger with a side of Truffle Parmesan fries & a coke. I waited what seemed like a while but once my food came I was glad! it looked really appetizing and tasted even better!!!The flavors were dancing on my tongue and had a rhythm all their own. It felt like a party in my mouth and I was thankful for the invite. :-D
5	Was in town for a conference & had heard of Bachi burger. Well worth the wait! Delicious food and service. A big thank you for the ride also when told a taxi back to the strip & would be 1+ hours. Can't wait to go to their upcoming locations in Southern California!
1	My group of 3 and 20 other people sat and stared waiting for a half hour at 6 open and set 4 top tables. The hostess is completely clueless and should fired immediately. Food was good but their incompetence ruined it for me. Plus, I didnt like getting charged $1.50 for parma cheese when it was supposed to be on the fries that I ordered...
5	Phenominal. Definately worth the wait. The food is very unique with great flavor. Tried several burger places while in vegas. I will miss this one the most. Try mr ho's burger for a very different experience. Went with a party of 9 and everyone loved it. Our waiter was great. Try this place you will not regret it.
5	I figured someone should do a write up on this small, unknown local burger joint. They have been flying under the radar for  a number of years and I just wish more people knew about them.....I kid. This place is very popular for a very simple reason. It's putting out delicious food. I finally made it there last week and I was moved. I don't need to be blown away by a meal to appreciate it, but I love it when I have an experience. And Bachi Burger is serving up a unique burger experience.I'd seen a number of of the over 1,000 photos posted on Yelp, so I had a pretty good idea of what I wanted to order before we stepped in the door. FOOD:Between three of us, we ordered Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, Kiki's Burger, and a Black and Green burger. All three were excellent. The high quality meat was cooked properly and was sandwiched in a a slightly greasy bun.  The star here is the flavor combinations they create with their burgers. Wow. You will pay for it (our bill came to around $65), but these were thoughtful, creative, and flavorful burgers. I see now that I should have gone for the more adventurous burgers. I can get blue cheese on a burger anywhere. Where else can I get Lup Cheong Sausage or Japanese eggplant on a burger?  Other places might have some of the same ingredients on their burgers, but I cannot imagine them doing it with as much style and creativity as the folks at BB are. I had a well crafted burger. If I'm going to pay more than $7 for a burger, I need something beyond what a Bobby flay recipe can offer me. I need an experience!They prepare their onion rings they way I like them: sliced thin with a light batter. I didn't dare ask for ranch and betray my lack of sophistication whilst eating my $14 burger. But that is the only thing that would have made the onion rings better.We also had fries, a house made soda (the Lychee was entirely too sweet), and the red velvet shake. Hubby fell in love with the creamy shake. SERVICE: Our server was a professional. This was a busy night and he (like all of the wait staff) was taking orders, serving, and busing. With all of that, he never let our drinks get too low and he checked on us a number of times during the meal. There was a gentlemen there who seemed to be a manager who was keeping an eye on the speed of service and the table turnover. I like seeing that level of care given to providing efficient service. AMBIANCE: Meh. The decor was nice, but there was a large party hanging out a the bar area and they created  tremendous amount of noise. But it's a burger joint. A little noise isn't the end of the world. OVERALL: The food was outstanding. I feel like I am ruined for other burgers. I cannot wait to return. Service: 5Food: 5REVIEW #50!
2	To begin with I should probably mention I already had a negative bias against Bachi after having called on a Sunday and wanting to place a takeout order and being told "No, they are not accepting take out orders Today". Ok, of course I was wondering just what that means...they don't accept takeout orders on sundays because of the sabbath or something? Makes zero sense but whatever. So the next day I decide to give them a second shot. I call again and ask to place a takeout order. The hostess or whoever answers the phone, says she is not sure if they are not taking takeout orders and i ask WHY NOT. She says some BS about it depends on how busy they are and she will check. So I'm on hold for 2 mins while she probably figures out how to ask such a simple question to her mgr or whoever and gets on the line and tells me they'redoing takeout orders. Well praise the Lord, my trip to vegas is now complete since I get to have one of your stupendous culinary creations...not. It could be the fact that it's takeout...but I doubt it since I only had to drive less than 10 mins back to my hotel. The kiki burger was ok. The parm fries were ok. Chicken caesar was ok. Kalbi burg was ok. of course I did not eat all of these...this is based on others' input. Like I said, the initial contact often can make or break one's opinion just like in a job interview and that might have been the case here. I have no prob paying good money but I expect good food along with good service...or at least one of the two. From this Bachi, I would say i received mediocre of both. Sad to say I would not return here and rather go to KGB or one of the other high priced burg joints on the Strip even.
3	We arrived here about 4:30pm on a Sunday night..and the wait was 50 minutes. Such a long wait, especially with 2 small kids screaming..but we waited it out.We ordered the truffle fries, sweet potato fries, kiki burger and the ronin burger. The truffle fries were AMAZING! I can't wait to get them again! A must try!Sweet potato fries were great and awesome dipping sauce.My burger (the kiki burger) was very good..but I also noticed as some other reviewers that the meat was seriously hard..and I ordered it medium rare. It didn't fall apart but the taste of everything else was good.I tried some of the ronin burger and it was pretty good..I would come back and try different things
5	Went to vegas during EDC weekend. Besides partying and getting hammer off free drinks from gambling I enjoy trying new places to eat. My brother had mention bachi burger for quite a while so I decided to try it out finally. When we first got there the wait wasn't too bad, it was only about 10-15 minutes or so. This was our first time here, the server asked us if we ever been here before since we said no she explained to us what the different types of burgers there were and what she recommended which was pretty helpful. We got the kiki and ronine burger and garlic fries. When the food came out we were all resisting not to eat any of the food since we wanted to snap a picture for facebook (who doesn't do that? lol) Anyways the first bite was amazing. It was so good and tasty. I'm not sure if we were just really hungry since we hadn't ate anything for about 15 hours or if it was really just that good. It was worth $12 bucks in my opinion and the fries was awesome as well. For sure next time i'll be sure to try the banh mi burger and oxtail chili fries. Makes me want to go back to vegas again already. Oh and btw, this place isn't exactly next to the vegas strip. Be prepare to drive a little. It's off blue diamond exit (silverton casino) and about 8 minutes once you exit the freeway. So if your planning to take a taxi it'll be about $20 bucks or more each way. Your better off driving there.
5	I HIGHLY recommend this place to everyone who lives or visits VEGAS! My boyfriend and I came here with my cousins and we ordered their burgers and truffle fries. None of the burgers disappoint us. They are always served hot and they're sooo JUICY!! NEVER DRY!
5	Bachi Burger, you live up to the hype!I have never been disappointed by the food or service at Bachi. Must-try items include the pickled garlic (part of the assorted Bachi pickles - I always ask for extra garlic!), the Kiki Burger, the Black & Green Burger and the often-mentioned Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries. And if you're in the mood to eat a bit healthier, their protein-style burgers are just as amazing as the originals, although their hamburger buns are pretty delicious. Sure, Bachi Burger may be a bit more expensive  since you have to order fries a la carte, but it's totally worth it. Compared to other similarly priced burger joints in Vegas, Bachi Burger is hands down the best and most unique.If you're planning a lunch visit, please get there early. The wait can be pretty lengthy if you get there at Noon.
4	Did the burgers live up to the hype? Yes - very well presented and cooked perfectly. Roughly a 30+ minute wait on weekend lunchtime. Drinks, however, were made from powder, and tasted like it too. My boba were also tasteless, unlike the lightly sweet honeyed flavor I'm used to in LA. $4.50 down the drain.4.5* for the burgers1.5* for the drinksCome for the burgers, skip the milk teas!
2	Ok I admit their burgers are very good. But is it really really worth waiting 45 mins for a table for a $11.00 burger not including fries or drinks? oh I forgot the tips too. I think I'll stick to In-and-Out.
5	A lot of time things on Triple D are a miss (Diners, drive ins, and dives) and sometimes I wonder how these places obtain such recognition. But I have to say that Bachi burger is the real deal. Normally food like burgers and fries are very heavy and make you get the Itus aka food coma. Buf after eating here I felt light and refreshed. The food is a nice play on Asian fusion burgers and fries so if you're familiar with Asian food you'll get the subtle nature of how the flavors come together. (hats off to the chef because there are some very cleaver combinations).The staff was friendly and we were seated right away. I know this place is off the strip, but at 4pm it was packed. So if you want to try this place go around the 2pmish time. My friend and I came here at 3:30 pm and there was a 20 minute wait so we opted to go to the bar.  No less than 30 minutes later there was a line at the entrance and people waiting outside.The burgers here are an excellent value and the Foie gras burger was on par pricing wise compared to the one I had on the strip ($28 range) the other burgers are ala cart and were around $8-12 depending on what you want in it. I had the spicy miso burger and that was definitely a knife and fork burger (or lots of napkin burger). The burger was cooked to perfection. I really like the Taiwanese bun it was something different than what the normal burger joint has. So all you Vegas ppl  if you rent a car I suggest that you go out here and try it.  If you don't like it and are in vegas when I am I'll buy you lunch somewhere else** Note: participant must be in vegas the same time as me and must not like bachi burger. (sorry I don't go to vegas that much lol...)
2	Way over rated! 1 21oz. beer, order of garlic fries, onion rings, & 2 burgers will cost you $45.00, not including the tip! Red Robin has great burgers & fast service. If I'm going to spend that kind of money, then I may as well go out for a steak dinner & add a few more bills in my wallet! The music playing is some type of new age trance music, it was very annoying. We had a 25 min. wait to eat on a Sat. afternoon at 1:15 p.m.! Why all the hype? I guess because they were on the food channel.
3	Mixed feelings - for one, the staff were awesome and let our party of four in just 10 minutes before closing. Thank you for that - it's not always easy to find a place to cater to four different tastes!LOVED the handmade sodas - cherry yuzu is insanely refreshing, could not get enough. Sides are so-so, the jalapeno slices in the salt and pepper fries are kind of awkward to eat. The chili chicken was amazing, according to a tablemate. For the burgers, reactions ranged from "incredible" to "okay" to "not for me." I feel like some of the burgers have a bit too much of everything going on. I love the idea of a taro bun, but in reality, maybe not needed on a burger with five other flavors. I got the kalbi burger and was in heaven. It's a messy joint, but totally delicious. Probably the most satisfied diner at our table. In retrospect, perhaps not that high on my list of places to return to, but it was there when we needed it. If you are an adventurous eater with a taste for Japanese flavors, you will likely love it, but if you are just a burger and fries kind of person, you may want to stay away or just keep it simple.
5	I've been here twice (can;t really be a regular from the Los Angeles area), but both experiences were impressive.First time around, I had the Kiki.  The first bite was unexpectedly sweet, but after allowing the flavors to merge I was able to see how the sweetness fit with the profile.  I wanted a good burger, and this satisfied.  I left with a smile on my face.I had it with a side of truffle fries.  Every visit from that point until the end of time will consist of an order of truffle fries.  While most of the truffle fries I've had are constructed with thin-cut fried and a generous coating of white truffle oil, these are not.  The fries ARE thin-cut, but the truffle flavor comes from an emulsion that is squeezed on top like it were some cheap ketchup.  Cheap ketchup this is not.  This is what every truffle wants to become when it grows up.The second time around, I had the miyagi-san.  I was hesitant.  Some places will take something ordinary, throw some furikake on it, then call it fusion.  My hesitation was unwarranted.  The miyagi-san has become my standard at bachi.  The CFC (chili fried chicken) is a treat.  Little nuggets of sweet, spicy, crispy chicken.  Easy to enjoy up front, but enough flavor depth for a foodie to love.Cherry Yuzu Soda...order it.  You'll want to down it.  Go ahead and down the first one.  Take the second one more slowly.  You'll enjoy it more, i promise.
5	Awesome!  Probably the best burger I've ever had.  I had the black and green and unfortunately I couldn't talk my wife into trying a different burger so we could share...lol.  We also had the oxtail chili cheese fries....Amazing!  The wait was a little long.  Friday lunch.  It was well worth it.  I did finally notice as we were being seated that they had a sign posted stating the other location had more seating and less wait time.  I travel to Vegas a lot for work and fun and will frequent Bachi Burger everytime.
4	When I first tried Bachi Burger I was not impressed, luckily I gave it another try. My team at work decided to get together and eat here one night. They were super accommodating, considering we took up almost the entire restaurant on a busy Friday night. I had the Kiki burger and was very happy with the flavor. I mean mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere, and garlic aioli - how can you go wrong? My husband and I split an order of the truffle fries and I was really sad I had to share. The fries are slim cut and delicious. I really enjoyed the sun dried tomato aioli that came on the side, in fact I found myself slathering some on my burger. My husband had the fish sandwich and it had really great flavor. The fish was not deep fried, but pan seared which was unique and the glaze on the fish made it really tasty. My only gripe is the wait time, since the place is so small. We recently visited and they had remodeled and made more seating. They even installed a bar/counter area to help seat smaller parties. I really like the new look and hope it cuts down on the wait time, either way the food is worth the wait.
3	I came here with sky-high expectations. The people I know who've eaten here told me amazing things, but I found the food was just okay. The burgers and fries were good, but needed salt and pepper. So basic. I felt like they rely on sauces to make up for a lot of the flavor. The other thing I didn't like is that the menu has a lot of Asian items I'm unfamiliar with. While I consider myself an adventurous eater, I want to have a pretty good idea of what I'm ordering. I did ask the waiter to explain a few items, but I ended up going for a safe choice. Bottom line, there was nothing "wrong" with the food, but I'm not going to go home and crave the food from Bachi Burger. Honestly, In-N-Out is better, and cheaper.
5	So we wanted to stop by this place before he headed out to EDC... and  was seriously about to pass out at EDC. Everything was so good and I just kept eating and eating....I went with about 6 people and so we could split and try the different appetizers that they had...- Truffle Parmesan Fries - pretty good w/ the sun dried tomato aioli sauce- Salt & Pepper Garlic French Fries - I must say, this is one of my favorite appetizers... so simple, yet so delcious and addicting- Chili Fried Chicken... not bad, but i probably would not order it again - Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries w/ Garlic Aioli and Egg - Pretty popular and it's on a couple of tv shows... and i must say... it does not disappoint. If you don't share this with more than 3 people... you're prob gonna be a bit stuffed by the time you get to the main courses!- On to the burgers!- Manga Burger - crab and scallop dyanmite on a 7 oz. Angus Beef , kainare sprouts w/ a sunny side up egg and a side of ginger.... not a bad burger! pretty good, but I felt maybe the crab cake portion was a bit dry. - Shogun Burger - Wagyu Beef & Unagi, Pan Seared Foie Gras, Poached Asian Pear, Miso Butter, and Yamamomo Peach.... 26 dolllars for this... but damn.. every bite was worth it... would defintely order this again!!!Overall, I would definitely come back again and try the other burgers. Probably the best burgers I've had in vegas to date.
4	Great burgers.  Truffle fries was only so so.  Pork belly buns was an inventive and delicious play on the traditional duck buns.  Will come back for some solid creative burgers, but not sure about the truffle fries...may improve with more truffle.
5	Seriously the BEST BURGER I have ever tasted! YUM!!! It's a very unique place with VERY tasty food! I can't wait to go back just to try something different. You are missing out if you don't stop & try this place. It's close to the 15 & 215 fwy just before you make it into the Vegas Strip!
5	Tried this place after seeing great reviews and I have to say this is the best burger place hands down that I have tried so far. Totally beats Umami burger, The Counter, Slater's 50/50, and The Habbit among the gourmet burger joints that I have tried. Me and the wife arrive around 1:30 pm after getting from Vegas. There was still a line which to me was a good sign since it was after the lunch period. We ordered the pork belly and duck steamed buns, sweet potato fries, while she got the Ronin burger and I got the Kiki Burger. All the items were top notch and we can't wait till the open a location in LA. A definite must try if you are near one!
5	We came here after a day exploring Red Rock Canyon in a group of 9.Trying to figure out where to eat, someone suggested trying this place after he saw it on DDD. I looked it up and remembered I already had bookmarked it after seeing so many great reviews, we had to go!Upon arriving we did run into a little snag, there seemed to be a bit of a wait and a lot of people in the group were getting grumpy.. We almost left, but my ever hungry friend really wanted to eat here, unusual for a guy who didn't want to wait to meet his idols Penn & Teller! Maybe his foodie senses were tingling. I knew mine were, the burgers coming out to people's tables looked amazing.We stood around for a while, then we were moved to the back porch so we can sit while we waited. There were quite a few empty tables for a place that had a long wait, I can only assume they only seat people they can feed so people don't get pissed that the food is taking too long to come out. Makes sense I suppose.We finally got seated after waiting almost 45 minutes.From there things improved, food came out relatively quickly.We started with the Ox Tail Chili Fries. Impressively good, it disappeared quickly.When it came time to choose my burger I had a hard time deciding, they all looked so good! It was a tie between The KiKi and Mr Ho. A few others wanted to try Mr. Ho, so I chose the KiKi and a Mr. Ho to split with the group.As we waited we snacked on the Salt & Pepper Garlic fries, which had some fresh ginger thrown in which I wasn't expecting, a nice surprise as I love ginger.Our burgers came out fairly quickly. My KiKi was pretty good, the Shogun my ever hungry friend had was really good, but the Mr. Ho pretty much stole the show with it's combination of beef and Lup Cheong sausage on top not to mention it's purple Taro bun! It's a good example of how you don't need to spend $25 on a burger, at $10 Mr Ho is a bargain.Certainly one of the highlight meals of my Vegas trip, my only complaint other than the initial wait, would be that we don't have Bachi Burger back home.
5	I've been to Vegas so many times and I don't know why I've never heard of this place. I came here with my large family early afternoon for lunch. They set up a table for 9 very quickly.Here is what we ordered:- The oxtail fries with fried egg on top was amazing. We should have ordered two for our big group but we didn't want to overstuff ourself before the burgers. We had 4 kids with us and they loved this as well!- Miyagi-san's grass fed burger amazing!- The Ronin amazing!- Kiki's Burger was very flavorful.- My cousin and I split the Shogun burger, we wanted to get our foie gras fix as we can't get it in CA anymore. Especially at $26 a burger, we figured we should share. It was delicious!Honestly, even the burgers the kids ordered on their kid's menu was juicy and yummy. All I gotta say is wish we had one in CA. I could go for some of their oxtail fries right about now. :)
4	Went to this place when I was in Vegas with my girlfriends for a dinner. It was a little far from the strip, but we managed to get there. We waited about 20 minutes, but I assume that was fast for a Saturday night. We ordered the oxtail fries, Kiki's burger, and the Pork Belly Bao. My favorite were the oxtail fries, so tender and delicious and such an interesting take on the old chili cheese fries. The burgers were okay for me; they were interesting combinations, but I am just not a burger person. It's pretty spacious and the food is good.
5	Although the wait was longer this time... 45 mins... It was worth the wait!!  Will be returning each month to try ALL the burgers!   Sweet potato fries and garlic salt fries were yummmm....... See you next month!
2	My friend saw Bachi Burger featured on the Food Channel, and so we ventured off the Strip to try it.  There were 10 of us, and the service was slow.  Our table was set-up, but somehow it took another 10 minutes to seat us.  It was 20 minutes from ordering to getting our food.  However, once we were finished, they were in a big hurry to clear our plates.Food Review:Ronin Burger - quality meat and tasty bun, overalll good flavorKalbi Burger - a burger with Korean flavorings, we found the kimchi to be too sweet Ox Tail Chili Fries - little ox tail, IMO, not worth $11Vietnamese Coffee - watererd down, not really Vietnamense styleSweet Potato Fries - crispy and tasty-- a hit at our tableParmesian Truffle Fries - fries were tasty, although most in our group didn't care for the gravyCaesar Salad- a little too cheesy for usFor $20/person including tip, it's pretty steep for what you get.  It was an interesting experience, but I won't be back.
5	I went when the A/C was broke and 122 degrees outside, but they were so nice and we were hungry so we stayed because my cousin recommended it.I had a Thai tea w/ boba, fresh shrimp chips, and duck on steamed buns. Very unique burgers that have a signature taste. I ate everything and wanted more. Asian portions (just enough) which I don't mind because the quality made up for the quantity.Will be back when we come back to Vegas!
5	Ok so I have been to Bachi Burger Numerous times yet I seem to have gotten in the habit of only writing reviews of the places I dislike.  I only have 4 words to say I Love Bachi Burger!  Even though I have tried most of their burgers the KiKi ( caramelized onions, bacon, gruyere) is my Ultimate Fav!!!! I also love the Bachi Fish sandwhich.  Sweet and succulent cod that is seared just right! I have gotten many of my friends hooked on Bachi we all say the same thing Bachi has ruined us for an other burger now.  I Had FUKU burger at the Las Vegas Food Festival thinking it would give Bachi a run for their money...... Negative  I was disappointed with FUKU.   Bachi really has  ruined me for all other burger. Their quality of Meat is great. Those buns they use are such high quality buns fresh with a subtle sweetness.  If you don't stop by to this hidden gem of burgers in Vegas you are depriving yourself.  And those oxtail fries you have seen Guy dive into are worth the $11.. Growing up eating Oxtail I am a sucker for these. However I have had them a time or 2 when someone makes the Chili too sweet, no one likes sweet chili ..... Overall it is a place I brag and get my peeps addicted to!
5	Best burger joint in town. Stop wasting your time looking and head here. The burgers are cooked perfectly, the buns are the best (I usually use that phrase in different context!), the fries come a la carte and all options are great. I would recommend trying the Ox Tail Chili Cheese Fries. You'd never know it's ox tail, trust me. I wouldn't eat ox tail in any other situation but I gave these a try and almost licked the plate clean. It starts off sweet with a little kick at the end, just try it! I don't venture off too far into the options of burgers but they have Asian Fusion styles and they all look good, just not for me. Tip - call ahead and check the wait. They have a Summerlin location that has more room if it's busy.
4	THE FAMOUS BACHI BURGER!Been meaning to come here since I began my stay here in Vegas. Rumored to be the best burger and it did not disappoint. I don't know about BEST, but it did rank in the top burgers of my life. Right off the bat, service could be a lot better. There was a wait of 3 parties in the cramped lobby of the restaurant when you could PLAINLY see that there were 5+ open tables in the back. Our waitress told us there would be a 20-25 minute wait for a table of 5. So we went to the bar in the middle of the restaurant where there were at least 4 tables that could accommodate us... Sounds like a ploy to get us to spend more money on drinks! Well, it worked. The bar isn't the best. Drafts are a bit pricey, got a Sapporo for $5. But my friend got a well drink called "Kambei" that was DELICIOUS. It was minty and grapefruity and super refreshing. Highly recommend. So as soon as we got our drinks an empty table just happened to open up! And we were seated, 10 minutes into our estimated wait time..ANYWAY, onto the food. I ordered/tasted: The Ronin Burger, Pork Belly Steamed Buns, Ox-Tail Chili Cheese Fries, Truffle Fries, and Kalbi Burger. Ronin Burger: SO GOOD. I ordered medium-rare and it was cooked perfectly. Really tender and juicy!  Pork Belly Steamed Buns: Not the biggest fan of pork but the meat was tender and yumz. The buns though, were awesome! Perfectly steamed. Ox-Tail Chili Cheese Fries: These were amazing. My friends and I demolished them in 5 minutes. Meat melted in your mouth and the runny yolk of the fried egg made the dish. Truffle Fries: The garlic on this and the brown sauce was nommalicious! Def order these. Kalbi Burger: Took a bite of this from my friend and it was gooooood. The kimchi inside was clutch and the pickles on the side were essential to the pursuit of the "perfect bite". All in all, great food and well drinks. Highlights were the oxtail fries and the juicy & tender burgers. I'd recommend to a friend, but make sure your waitress doesn't hustle you with the seating.
4	Great fusion burgers service is ok. I didnt expect burgers which is completely american with  some asian flavors like MIso, Umami Sauce, cheese, Kimchi make it into burgers would be so good, french fries also has some twist garlic parmesan and  ox tail chili fries was a good twist.
4	The line is a bit slow to get through. The service is on the slow side, which explains the long waits. However, once you get in, the burgers are absolutely awesome. I had the Miyagi-san. Which seemed like "everything on it" type of burger. It was extremely juicy and tender.We did experience that they cook their meat one level above. I asked for medium and got medium well. We also order medium rare and the burgers came out medium.... so, try one one level bellow what you normally get.Not sure if it was the day or that's how they cook them, need to go again to check difference doneness. The sauces they offer for the fries are unique and quite tasty. We also order the ox tail fries... I want that ox tail stew by itself... its is quite awesome.
5	WOW. Just wow. I don't remember the last time I was so impressed and happy with a burger. I opted for the Ronin burger, my friend got the Miyagi burger and we split it so I can have the best of both worlds. I would get the Miyagi burger! Burgers are similar because they both have a fried egg, onion but the Miyagi burger's crispy onion rings and furikake compliments the burger well giving it more of a Japanese flavor. Also tried their house made sodas. SO good. Omg. I have never had something like that. It was a little fizzy and tasted so fresh. I got the Apple & Lychee. Refreshing, light, and just the right amount of sweetness. There's nothing like that here in LA :'( Oxtail fries, on the other hand, didn't really win me over. Yeah they were good but you honestly can't really tell it's oxtail. Just tasted like shredded meat to me. Truffle fries are good though and the sun dried tomato aioli is really yummy. Truffle fries are half the cost of oxtail so I'd say skip the oxtail and just get the truffle fries. Truly wowed by this place. I will most definitely come back next time I come to Vegas.
5	This was my second visit to bachi burger and all I can say is... DELICIOUS! I came back because the first time i was unable to try the oxtail chili cheese fries, I'm glad I came back to try them because they were the best chili cheese fries I have ever tasted. When arriving the wait time was at 30-40 mins. but me and my girlfriend were starving so we opted to sit at the bar counter. I ordered the miyagi-San burger while my girlfriend ordered the pork belly steamed buns. No complaints what so ever and I can't wait till the next time I'm in Vegas so I can get my hands on another one of bachi burgers delicious eats!
4	I can't tell you how many times Guy Frieri has let me down.  Almost every Triple D location I've been to has been less than ordinary.  However, Bachi surprised me with their delicious flavors and Asian influenced burgers!  They use high quality ingredients, but everything is entirely affordable...especially n Vegas! I went twice on the same trip.---The Food-----I tried the Ronin Burger (medium rare---$10) which had 30 day aged Angus beef, caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing!!! (dipping sauce regularly found in Shabu shabu), fried egg, katsu bbq, and a citrus aioli.)  The meat which is super tender, thanks to their "bachi" style of grilling and the combination of flavors are sensational.Another item you MUST get is their ox tail chili cheese fries ($12) which is in a different class all by itself.  Supreme layering of tastes that is indescribable.  I'm a lover of chili cheese fries too, and don't hand out these recommendations willy nilly.  I would not mind ordering this as my meal one of these days.Their oxtail chili cheese Bachi dog is delicious as well! But the size could be better for ($10)My burger quest to find the best has stopped at Standing Room in Redondo Beach, but this place comes a close second...which is why it gets 4 stars.Bachi has three different locations in Vegas and the next time I go to Sin City, I'll be sinful and order more of their burgers! I encourage you to do the same! Extra NotesTakes Credit CardLong Wait...expect a 20-25 minute wait every timeBeautiful oriental decorGreat ServiceClean restaurant and restroomsMany TVs Small parking lotBachi, in Japanese has two meanings:           1) its short for Hibachi which is a Japanese style of grilling.            2) Its a word which means to treat others the way you want to be treated.
5	I am editing my post.  Our 1st visit here was a huge bust. After being seated right away, we never got menus or any kind of service.  After flagging down a waiter for menus, he just handed them to us and walked away.  No one ever spoke to us after being seated for 20 minutes!  Boom...one star review.Fast forward 3 months.  Decided to give the place another shot.  Took my Mom here for her birthday dinner (ironic, since my 1st visit was supposed to be MY birthday dinner).  We went on a Wed. night at about 7pm.  The place was pretty busy, but we were seated right away.  Our server was AMAZING!!!!  He immediately brought us drinks, (I got the house made strawberry peach soda-excellent!!) explained the menu and made some great suggestions.  After much contemplation, we got the Parmesan Truffle Fries, the Pork Belly Sliders and I got the Kiki Burger while my mom got the Kalbi burger.   It was all sooo good!  There wasn't any food to wrap up.  We ate every last crumb!The sliders came with this great house made hoisin sauce that made something good even better.  The Kalbi burger was spicy, but in the best way possible. My Kiki burger was sweet like carmelized BBQ.  I cannot wait to go back to this place. I am so happy I gave it another chance.  Hooray!!Original Review:  Worst service EVER! Upon entering at 4:45 pm, there was no host for several minutes. The entire staff seemed very confused and  uncoordinated.  When a host finally showed up, we were told it would be a few minutes despite there being several open tables in sight. After being seated, we sat for 10 minutes with no one even making eye contact with us. I finally physically flagged a waiter down & asked for menus. He replied with "yeah"? and when I asked for the menu he gave them to us & walked away. No apology, no anything. After another 15 minutes of being completely ignored, we got up & left. When we left, their waiting area was packed with very unhappy looking people waiting to be seated,  There were still lots of tables available, but no one getting served.  We went 10 minutes down the road & had a fantastic dinner with excellent service at a tapas restaurant. By the way, this was my birthday dinner. I had chosen Bachi burger b/c I had heard such great things. What a disappointment. We will not be returning. Thanks for nothing Bachi burger.  Get it together!
5	Went here for my birthday. I always see this place and though not a burger fan, I got curious. So we decided to come here and the 20 minute wait on a Friday night is definitely worth it. We ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries for our appetizer and it's gone in less than a minute. Oh so yummy. Everyone ordered a different burger and they said it is absolutely good. I ordered the most expensive burger which is still priced reasonably for $25. It is called shogun burger. With foie gras (goose liver)  unagi (eel) and some pears. It is the best burger ever! I ordered it well done since I can't risk taking any raw meat, I'm 6 months pregnant. It still came out sumptuous and juicy. We all shared a red velvet milkshake for dessert since all of us are full already. It was definitely worth the wait and we are definitely coming back!
4	3.5I've been to their newer location and that place is definitely bigger. The wait here could be kind of crazy so better be prepared for that. Bar seating might seem fast but it is still quite a wait.The burger and fries are delicious. I go the Spicy Miso this time and it was just as delicious as my other burger I tried. It is definitely on my top 5 burger places ever. If only the service was faster. Maybe they should just let customers fill out a form and take orders like that. Seems like their system is pretty slow.
5	Thiswas byfar the greatestburger thative ever eatenin my life. Thereare really no wordsto describe how wonderful it is. Went there after a Cirque details Solei show whilei was in Vegas. The oxtail chili fries were to die for. Iwas slightly under the influence during my visit, so I'm having difficulty remembering the name of my Burger I do recall that I ordered it medium rare and it literally melted in my mouth with each bite .Wow, wow, wow!!! That is all
5	YUMazing!! Ate here late last night and wow... I knew this place would be bomb.com but it even blew away my expectations.I had the Kiki burger & added a fried egg. The bun was sooooo tender and buttery, the cheese was melted perfectly, the egg was just right, the meat ( cooked medium) was soooooo good.And the service was stellar. The entire staff was so nice and helpful. It took me a while to figure out what I wanted ( everything sounded tooo good) and they were so helpful and patient with my fermale indecisiveness. If you are craving an amazing burger w the best quality ingredients and original topping selection, this is your place! I will most certainly be back on my next cheat day to try the steamed buns and another burger =)
3	Soooooooooo...its a burger joint priced like a sit down joint.  Not bad, but not awesome as the reviews state.  Its burgers with stuff burgers don't need.  Why not go to 5 Guys for lunch and Lee's Sandwiches for dinner?  Banh Mi Burger, EW, to combine the 2 is a prostitution of food!!!  ( Reminds me of bacon ice cream) Really weird burgers and really not worth the price...
5	Worth the wait. Truffle fries are off the hook. Kalbi burger is awesome and an advice is add an egg and its phenomenal. Ive tried the oxtail fries it taste so good. i always tell my friends and clients to try this place. a must eat in las vegas
5	Yum! Ate here on my recent Vegas trip and it was definitely worth it. This restaurant is located about 4 - 5 miles from The Strip but the drive is not bad at all. My friend recommended trying this place out and it did not disappoint. This was by far the best thing I ate on my trip to Vegas!I had the Kalbi burger and the oxtail chili cheese fries. I also got to taste the Ronin burger, and the pork belly steamed buns. All of them were excellent! I would recommend all of them. Bottom line: Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The Kalbi burger was great. I asked for it medium well and it was perfectly done. The bread itself was soft and buttery, the beef patty was moist and tasted amazing! It also had kimchi as well as some lettuce. It has a wonderful combination of Korean flavors with picked cucumbers on the side! Everything about this dish was excellent and I would come back for more!The Oxtail Chili Cheese fries were also great but I could have done without it...although their fries were amazing! Crunchy and not overly cooked.Service was wonderful and our server was friendly and willing to explain everything!
4	This would have been 5 stars for me, however the wait/service was a -1.We came here on a week night and the place was packed! Wait time was about 45min - an hour. The hostess, if you can call her that, was running around like a chicken with its head cut off: one minute she's taking your number, then she's busting the table, next thing you know she's taking orders at the table...We decided to take a seat at the bar after about 30 min of waiting. (Some lady had been there waiting for over an hour now for a table!) Like I had mention, the service definitely needs improvement. It was awhile before we got ourselves a menu, and even longer before our order was placed. When our food finally arrived, it was DELICIOUS! I am usually not a hamburger person but the Kiki Burger won me over! I love the mushrooms, especially the shiitake mushroom. It was so juicy! And the angus beef was also very flavorful!The only thing I can say is: Hire more waiters!
4	We both liked Bachi Burger. Wifey would give it five stars I'm pretty sure. For me, it was four stars. I had the pork belly sliders. They are great but very sweet. I think I would get a burger next time. ...Wifey had the chicken/turkey burger and she LOVED it! I tasted it, and it was really good! We split truffle fries - which were okay - but I'd try something else next time.
4	The food here is DELICIOUS! My husband and I are huge fans of DDD and saw this place featured on the show. While on our trip in Vegas, we had to make a stop here. We came on a Sunday around 3:30 and got a table relatively quick. We waited about 10 minutes. Not too bad compared to what I've read on other Yelp reviews. We ordered the Oxtail Chili fries and shared a Banh Mi Burger. I was in heaven! I loved them both. My favorite part bout the fries were the fried egg. It was like eating potatoes and eggs for breakfast with some delicious oxtail chili! My husband didn't care for the egg, so it worked out perfectly. I got the egg to myself. ;) The Banh Mi burger had wonderful flavor. If you've ever had a Banh Mi and love it, you will enjoy the Banh Mi burger. It marries the flavors of Asian and American perfectly. Before leaving Vegas, we went again. This time on a Wednesday at around the same time. Once again, we got in right away but there was only one server working and he was running all over place. There were about 4 other tables that he was waiting on besides us. I don't understand why it's so understaffed. I did notice what looked to be a manager (based on what he was wearing) and two other gals "working" in the back. The manager looked like he was keeping himself busy walking around and the girls were putting together silverware packages. This time, we ordered the Oxtail Chili Fries again and the Pork Belly Sliders. Fries were still delicious, but I wasn't too impressed with the sliders. The pork was a little dry in the meaty parts which made it a bit hard to chew and swallow. The flavor was good, but I'd rather have a burger. We will definitely be hitting this place up anytime we are in Vegas. There are so many burgers I still want to try! Overall, I gave it a 4 for GREAT food but so so service.
4	Saw this place on Diners Drive Ins and Dive a while back.   It looked amazing during the show so naturally once in Vegas, this was the first restaurant we hit up.  Its way off the strip which is the first plus.  The service here is a below par.  The first trip was just slow, and the second, there was one guy doing all the serving while two lazy ass girls stood in the back drying silverware and a guy in a suit stood and watched.Now to the food.  The oxtail chili fries are the best chili fries I have ever had in my life.  The mixture with the garlic aoli and jalapeno's are sooooo good.  They put a fried egg on top which was ok the first time.  The next time we went I got it without the egg and found it to be much more appetizing.  The egg just didnt go well with everything else IMO.  The pork belly sliders were ok.  The pork belly seemed to have been cooked a while before we arrived and it was really dry.  The flavor was good though.  Food gets a 4.5, but subtract half a star for the slow service.Pros:  Really good food, positive and upbeat atmosphere, location, staff is friendly.Cons: Service is slow.
5	The best burger place in Vegas, bar none. The truffled edamame are the perfect way to start, then you really can't go wrong with any burger on the menu. Best ingredients and thick, homemade patties. My mouth is seriously watering right now as I'm typing this. If you live anywhere near a Bachi Burger, treat yourself to the best burger of your life.
5	I found about about Bachi Burger watching Diners, Drive Ins and Dives.  As I was watching, I realized this restaurant was practically in my back yard.  I read reviews and realized there might be a wait to eat, so chose a Sunday at 3:00 (in between lunch and dinner) to eat.  The wait was about 20 minutes.  I have since been back 1/2 dozen or so times.  The oxtail chili cheese fries are the BEST!!  I have ordered them every visit.  I've tasted about 4 or 5 of the burgers and they are all delish!  The buns are light and sweet.  There are different flavored aiolis if you are eating plain fries instead of chili cheese ones.  I recommend the garlic or the pesto aioli.  The service can be quite slow at times, and occasionally the wait time for a table can be 45 minutes.  For me, it's definitely worth the wait.
1	Here were my observations:* The servers acted like robots* The servers were completely annoying and intrusive* The food is far too rich* The prices are completely unjustified* The place is annoyingly loud* The place feels cramped* The concept is a "joke" Likelihood of returning?   2 to 3%.
4	Let me tell you...those oxtail fries are the best fries I've ever had! Hands down!  Yes it's crazy rich and I probably won't be able to eat this on the regular, but it was definitely worth the calories.  The banh mi burger resembles a banh mi impeccably.  The Ronin burger wasn't that special to me and forgettable.  I enjoyed the Kalbi burger and Banh Mi more.
4	Let me get a napkin and wipe my drool as I'm salivating. BACHI?  Do you know what BACHI means?  You going BACHI yourself... Bachi is commonly used in Hawaii because of the strong influence of the Japanese culture.  (Go research it for yourself and don't bachi yourself.)Bachi Burger offers  burgers with an Asian twist.People complained about service but our server was absolutely great and always kept my water filled.  Food: Sweet potato fries with aioli saucePork Belly Steamed BunsMiyag-san's Grass Fed Wagyu BurgerThe food was delicious.  What a great concept of Asian themed burgers.  They seem to be expanding and I hope one day they'll be in San Diego or Hawaii. A little pricey but to me it's worth it.
4	This place is awesome, well the food at least. (atmosphere is so-so) The burgers here are nothing but magnificent. With an Asian infused menu, all of the burger choices garner not so typical ingredients. I have tried 3 different burgers and haven't been disappointed. The patty is grilled to perfection and the ingredients are fresh. I would recommend trying this place. Price is a bit on the high side, but once you are finished you will not regret the price one bit.
3	Delicious food and probably the best burger in Las Vegas.  BUT make sure you have plenty of time to wait...  Once you put your name on the list its a good 45 minutes before you get any glimpse of your food.  If servers here worked in an emergency room patients would be dead in the grave before they got their name called...
3	I used to rave about this place to my friends and family, but my last visit here was just ok. I had the Kiki's Burger on my last visit and the taste was ok. The presentation of the burger was something they just slapped together. The bottom bun was hard...maybe the bread was old. It's hard to imagine that this restaurant would have old bread to serve because it is packed with people. Be prepared to wait a while for a table. The hostess will try to convince you to drive to their other location which is about 20-25 minutes away...not 15 min unless you are a race car driver. Lastly, the service was horrible. Our server or the kitchen lost our order and we were left waiting a long time for our food. What is worse is that the server never acknowledged that our order was not put it right away and did nothing to try to rush our food out.
5	Why must you be all the way in Vegas?! Wish I could try everything on there menu because every morsel of food I tried when I was there was a party in my mouth. The service was great too. At first, the hostess and I were not seeing eye to eye because some group got sat before us but the whole thing was sorted out and we got sat ASAP. Would return here in a heart beat. I'm sure everything is great but the oxtail fries and the pork belly sliders were my fav!
5	I've been wanting to come here since the episode of Triple D aired. The thing that grabbed my attention: Oxtail Chili Fries.So the parking lot is a good size, its in a decent sized strip mall. We got there around 11am and apparently just beat the crowd, cuz as we were leaving the line was out the door. First thing I ordered - the Oxtail Chili Fries (minus the onions & cilantro). Now with that out of the way - lets look at the burgers. I decided on the Miyagi-san burger, which consists of Chili Mayo,Fried Egg ,Furikake, Caramelized Bacon & Crispy Onion Rings. I also got a soda to wash it all down with -which the waitress forgot to bring to us til halfway thru the fries cuz I asked again. Anyways - the fries are good. The oxtail is shredded and the the chili has a slight kick to it. The egg while its looks good, actually gets in the way. No one wants to be the first person to cut into it and if it were up to me - I'd pop the yolk and let it run into the chili! The Burger - SO EFFIN GOOD! The first thing I noticed was that the buns are actually the same as the baked chau siu bao. Golden brown with a slight glaze. The burger itself was nice and juicy. So juicy that it runs down your hand and arm while holding it. So make sure you get extra napkins. The bacon and furikake was a nice addition! Possibly the best burger I've had.Overall - great food. Service is good, minus the waitress forgetting our sodas. Totally coming back when I'm in Vegas the next time. PS - They should totally change the name of the place. The word "bachi" and being in Vegas is not a good thing. Its a good thing I didn't gamble much after eating here.
1	My friends went on and on about how awesome this place was.  They saw this air on T.V. and have been fans every since.  So I agreed to meet them there.  They have some very bizarre "Policies" that you should know about.  First, when I walked in, I asked to be put on the wait list.  They do not put you down on the wait list until all parties have arrived per "policy".  So, had to wait for their arrival.  Meanwhile, the place was cramped with people waiting to be seated.  I witnessed many people come in and leave because of the 45 minute wait (It's 1pm mind you). We were seated and some guy comes up and slams waters down in front of us and leaves.  He spoke not one word to us.  I was shocked and starving.  Finally, another waiter comes by and takes our order.  I ordered just a regular bachi burger and asked for a second to be cut in half.  By "policy" they do not cut the food for you, but they'll bring you a knife.  What kind of place is this?  The burgers finally come out and I was very disappointed.  The outside of the burger was almost charred, the inside very dry.  Plus, it wasn't served with any fries.  You have to order those extra!!  Wow.  Would have been nice if the server had told me that when I was ordering.  The food was overpriced.  a lemonade was $4.00  They're trying to be this snobbish burger joint when really it's not all that.  Seriously?  I will never go there again.  Oh, and by the way, their waiters are rude and don't even talk to you.  I looked on the receipt and now I know why.  Because their tips are included.  They feel like they're getting tipped regardless, so they can treat you however they please.  I do not understand why people think this place is so great.
5	They take peanut allergies serious here which is great for our family who has many kids with peanut allergies.Everything we had here was made to perfection - the ox tail fries with fried egg on top,  Ronin burger (my personal fav) and the Shogun (foie gras any one?!).  The burger was cooked to perfect medium rare which made it juicy.  I ate everything on my plate and dug into my god daughter's salt/pepper fries with jalepenos.  OMG, my mouth is watering just thinking about our heavenly meal.
4	Yummy. A bit pricey. Oxtail fries great but 11.50. Great overall. Would come back again. Service wonderful even though very crowded.
4	Bomb dot com. Yes, i was hungry, but the burger's taste is quite special.Me and my friend both Got the Miso Burger  - ok so it's like 11 bucks. Cut it in half and literally in 3-4 minutes, we were done.  It was an amazing taste for a burger.  Somewhat spicy, yet full flavor its hard to explain.  The egg was nice but the taste of the burger didn't really made the egg stand out.We were done so fast that the truffle fries made it AFTER we finished our burger.  Truffle fries was something to try - good but the burger was the star.Will try the ronin burger next time.  A winner!
3	Bachi Burger doesn't accept reservations, and our wait was about an hour.  There was about 4 parties ahead of us and plenty of tables available in the back to seat everyone, so don't know why we had to wait so long.  Our waitress took our order, but did not write anything down on a notepad. We ordered appetizers, burgers and fries.  She forgot to place our order of fries.  Half way through our burgers we finally were able to flag down another server to get our fries.  They apologized and placed our order of fries and charged us for one.  The service was okay, but the food was very delicious.  For appetizers, we had the duroc pork belly steamed buns with cilantro, scallions, radish with Chinese black vinaigrette and hoisin BBQ sauce. The pork belly was a thick cut, tender and flavorful, and the steamed buns were soft and warm.  The pork buns were really yummy.  My hubby had the Ronin burger - angus beef with caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu BBQ and yuzu citrus aioli,  and I had the Kikis burger - angus beef with sauteed shiitake, enoki & eryngii mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese and garlic chili aioli.  Loved the juicy burgers with the Asian toppings and flavors.  We had our fries towards the end of meal - sweet potato fries which were tasty, and the truffle parmesan fries with parmesan reggiano topped with black truffle porcini cream sauce.  The cream sauce was rich and would have preferred to have the sauce on the side.  Overall, we enjoyed our Asian American fusion burgers and appetizers, but the service needs some improvement.
5	I've been to many burger places and eaten a variety of burgers... and I must say their Kalbi Burger is hands down the BEST burger I have ever had in my life!!!!!! My sister lives in Vegas so every time I come to visit, I make her take me to Bachi for that Kalbi Burger. The flavor and quality of the meat is just outstanding. The pickles that come with it is a perfect addition to the burger. And, Bachi also makes their own soda and it is so yummy and refreshing! Their oxtail chili cheese fries are also to die for. I really wish Bachi would come to San Jose-- we need an Asiani fusion burger place down here!This should definitely be on your list if you are going to Vegas!!!!
5	This is definitely the best burger place i've tried anywhere. If you're more of a traditional person, this may not be for you. For everyone else, you'll probably find the best burger you've ever had. I would list out my favorite things but everything I try is more delicious than the last. The things I've had and loved are the Bhan-mi burger (current fav), Miyagi-san, oxtail chili fries, pork belly buns (if you do nothing else before you die, eat these), and the chili fried chicken.
5	The Black and Green Burger was probably one of the best burgers that I have ever had (and I have had a lot of burgers).  This is a must visit place when in Vegas.  Make sure to get there early to avoid the lines.
4	I have been meaning to get around to trying this place out ever since I saw it on TV. The timing was never right...until now. I have to thank my two friends, Rob & Steph, who finally got me that elusive visit to Bachi!It's not located too far from the strip. But definitely an area I had never even traveled, even living here 7 years. Inside, it had a nice clean, look. They were fairly busy for lunch, but the wait wasn't terribly long, 15-20min.There was 3 or 4 burgers I wanted to try but I suppose I'll have to return to try them all hehe. I decided on the Spicy Miso Burger. I believe my friends had the Bahn-Mi & Wagyu cheeseburger. We also shared the oxtail chili cheese & truffle parm fries. My burger contained onions, shishito peppers, roasted garlic, swiss cheese, apple vinaigrette, a fried egg and spicy miso sauce. I loved the sauce. Little spicy, the subtle savory flavor of miso. And can't argue with a fried egg on any burger or sandwich, at least I wouldn't haha. Great burger. The oxtail chili cheese fries were also awesome, although it did cost twice as much as the other fries. The truffle parm fries I couldn't really taste any truffle. The Ramsay burGR truffle parm fries were definitely alot better.Service was good from start to finish. I absolutely have to return to try more of their burgers!
5	Best Asian fusion burgers in Las Vegas hands down. Unique flavors that has your mouth dancing with joy. The truffle fries was super delicious and so was the pork buns. Shogun burger is the the best but every other burger here is to die for. Also the lava cake is mouth watering. The service is impeccable and our server Dan was a delight. He should get a raise!
5	Easily one of the best burger place by far. I live in CA and every time I'm in Vegas, this is a must stop. There's usually a wait here just because of popularity but who can blame such an amazing place. Unfortunately this is one of two locations. They need to expand! Burgers are awesome, my personal favorite is the ronin. If you want to try fish, go ahead. I've had it before and it was heaven. Any type of fries is a must. I just love everything about this place. They need to open one up in ORange County already. I want to come back!!
5	Succulent, savory and flavorful. Truly an awesome burger. I had the Miyag-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, medium rare with sweet potato fries. The fries were good but not particularly special. The burger is to die for. Best I've had in Vegas. Just be sure to pair it with a good beer like the  Rogue Hazelnut Brown Nectar.
5	This place is amazing.  I had a Bahn Mi Burger, which was an amazing combination of flavors.  It was maybe the best burger I've ever had.  Everything on the menu looked great...plus they had some more unusual beer selections (like Dogfish Head, which you rarely see out West).  Next time I'm in Vegas, I will go here.
5	DELICIOUS! Started out with the oxtail chili fries - LOVED the egg and peppers and oxtail!! Fries were the thin cut that I prefer. Halfway through the fries I had to beg the waitress to take it away before I ate everything (had to save some stomach room for the burgers!)! I ordered the foie gras burger... to die for! It was SO rich, fat was dripping down the patty. I could not finish the burger (on account of the fries) but I would definitely come back and do it all over again!
5	saw this place on tv and it looked so good. i was happy to find out that it was close to the hotel me and my son were staying at. the place is popular, so that means youre going to wait for your table. but its worth the wait trust me! the hostess and other workers were so nice, a plus when the customer service is great. there was seven of us, including three kids and everyone liked everything we ordered. i had the kiki burger and my son had the kids burger. i would have to say that my burger is the top one or two burgers i ever had. during the time i was eating, i had to tell myself that i was eating a burger, because it tasted more like a steak then a burger. my sons burger looked like a regular size burger. my son said it was his favorite burger. he almost finished the whole thing. i really cant wait to eat here again, but i heard theres one coming to l.a. YES!!!!!!!!!BABY!!!!!!!!
4	When I visit family in Las Vegas, I have to eat at Bachi Burger at least once. Definitely one of my favorite spots to eat at off The Strip.The Shogun Burger and Ronin Burger are my favorites and I usually get the sweet potato fries or truffle parmesan fries to go with them. I also like the pork belly steamed buns.Each time I've been to this location with my huge family (there's usually at least 8+ in our party) the servers have been friendly and attentive.
5	I'm definitely a fan of this place after trying this place over the weekend. I was debating in my head if this place should be a 4 or a 5. It's prob a 4.5 but I give it to you bachi burger...you get the 5! I think this place has got it all and it's definitely damn unique. That oxtail chili cheese fries were seriously out of this world hearty goodness. You topped that off with that beautiful sunny side up egg was simply perfection. I can't even find a flaw in this dish because it has everything I love in the dish. Just enough jalopeno to have a little kick to the fries and those beautiful cilantro to further enhance the flavor. The oxtail were seasoned well and it was almost melt in your mouth. If you really want to complain about it, it is simply because it is one of those dishes that will give you an instant heart attack. I totally recommend sharing it between 2-3 people and then ordering a burger. I also got the Miyagi-San burger which totally reminds me of Karate Kid. ANYWAY...I was reading the descriptions and it had Onions rings and kobe beef patty and i was like bring it on baby. I totally recommend patting it a bit before you take a bite so it will stay together when you eat. When I took my first bite, I simply went OOOOOOO. That patty was simply juicy as hell and those onions rings were the real eye opener. They weren't your typical onion rings because they fried those onion rings with tempura battered which made it extremely delicious. I totally recommend it!IF I WAS GONNA CHOOSE BETWEEN THE BURGER OR THE FRIES, I SAY IT BE A TOUGH CHOICE BUT GO WITH THE FREAKING FRIES. WHERE ELSE ARE YOU GONNA GET OXTAIL CHILI CHEESE FRIES THAT SENDS PEOPLE STRAIGHT TO HEAVEN WORLD. Vegas must bound place.
4	The server overcharged our table for things that we didn't order. Attention to detail is important. The burgers are a bit too sweet. The chili fries dissapointed, looked great though. They need to put more fries and make sure the chili and cheese comes out hot and not luke warm.I would go back and try it again. The bread is a nice touch.
2	The only reason this got 2 stars is because I gave them a star due to the look of the place.  They spent some time decorating it and trying to have good Feng Shui and I can appreciate that. Ah, but the food.  It was AWFUL.  I can't remember the last time the food was SO bad.  Unfortunately I can't remember the name of the burger I got but it was purple.  Yes, purple.  I actually thought it was pretty cool until I took a bite.  The flavor, the texture, everything about it, was just awful.  I literally couldn't force myself to take another bite.  Some of you out there may like it but I will never, I repeat, NEVER eat there again.
5	Awesome. After seeing this on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives I had to visit. It was quite crowded on the evening we went but we were promptly seated at the bar. The server explained everything and made his recommendations. The Green and Blue burger was the best burger ever (grass fed beef with blue cheese). The buns are freshly baked and don't compare to anything I've ever eaten before. There are some exotic foods but also the basic burger and fries made to your liking. The staff is friendly. I would eat there again and again!
2	A place for yuppies.-Food is just ok.  Fries were a step below Mc.Donald's- they needed salt.  The pineapple ketchup was just that... heinz ketchup mixed with canned pineapple.  Meh- not worthy of being called a "signature sauce."  I guess my expectations were a bit higher.  Burger was decent also a little bland, and they don't know the difference between aoili and doctored up mayonnaise.   Bacon was under-cooked.  Mushrooms lacked flavor which is hard to accomplish.  I did like the bun, but overall food is over-priced for what you get.  Food gets 3 stars.-Service gets 1 star and that's why overall I give this place a solid 2.  Total inattentiveness.  We watched our food sit in the window as we were seated at the bar.  Fries came out as an appetizer instead of with the burgers.  (You have to order fries separately btw.)  Servers are pretentious and made a snide comment when we asked for a second order to come out with our burgers which is what you expect with a damn burger.  This place tries really hard to be innovative and unique, maybe even hipster... and there's enough vegas douchebags to go for it.  If you are food-wise and value-conscious, stay away.  Your $20/head without drinks is better spent somewhere else.
4	Came across this place on a whim, but glad I stopped in. Defiantly has some unique burgers on the menu. I went with a pork and beef burger with Chinese sausage on a Taro bun. Also had some mushrooms on it. Good flavor and the taro bun actually had taro flavor to it! Bad part of the meal would be that the fries did not come with the burger, everything is ala cart.  I liked the sauce that came with the fries. Would recommend anyone to come here that's going to Vegas.
5	Oh, my God. There has never been a better burger. Ever. End of story.
5	The BEST place ever.  Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and the Truffle Parmesan Fries are the bombs along with the burgers we had.  Ban mi burger was really good!  It took a long time for us to get our table but it was definitely worth the wait!  A must try!!!!
4	The plus part of this place is that the food was delicious. Everything the waiter recommended was tasty. The only down fall to this location is when I was told the waiter dipped his fingers in someone's boba drink to taste the flavor because he didn't know which flavor was what. Our first Bachi Burger experience just went down hill from there :( Amazing food but .... :(
5	Amazing burger spot just off the strip in Vegas. Brief highlights of what I ate- Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries- The chili is the best part of this dish, got a decent little kick and melds well with the cheese and fries. The runny egg yolk on the top was also a great touch. Fries were cooked well enough to withstand the barrage of liquid from the other toppings. Our group destroyed these fries pretty quicklyMiyagi-san's burger- Great burger. The bacon/egg/onion ring combo is a classic set of burger toppings, but this burger took it to another level. Great quality ingredients that were combined very well. All in all, this place blew me away. After trying one of the traditional burgers, I'm even more excited to come back and try the build your own burger option.
5	This was a great side trip during the last bachelor's party. It's a short ride from the Strip and located in the corner of a strip mall. No better place than this, I wish I was there right now. We went here after the advice of Guy Fieri's Triple D... I'm a huge fan of his books.Five hungry guys devoured their food quickly. Oxtail? YES. Smothered on fries? HELL YES.  With an egg on top? WHY IS IT NOT IN FRONT ME OF YET?The different choices of burgers made it a great place for our different tastes. I had the Kim Chi burger and oh my.. it was delicious. Banh Mi burger? Oh yeah.. I'll have one of those too. If I had a larger stomach and a bigger wallet, I would've ordered a few more burgers. Definitely worth the side trip.Tip: If you're expecting to go there by cab, make sure you have a cab driver's number. After our meal, we couldn't find a cab to go back to the strip even after calling 10 different taxi companies, luckily for us, we found a taxi waiting at the local dentist.
5	I'vebtried just about everything and it is always delicious. Best burger's ever. Ever. The pineapple ketchup is amazing as well. Even their milkshakes are like no other. Just go; order one of everything and prepare for the best week of your life ;-D
5	JUST FANTASTIC.I came here with my girls Kelsey W. and Katie H. at the end of our Vegas trip on the way back home to Cali. Katie H. saw this place on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives and was meaning on coming here for a while. Glad we went to Vegas together so we could try this fine establishment together.We took a seat at the bar which was great cus we got to talk a little with our waiter (tall red-head with a pony-tail) while he mixed drinks and such. Super nice guy with great food descriptions cus he made me want to try the entire menu, and I don't even eat pork or shell fish!!We started with the black truffle parmesan fries. I mean, everything with truffle has to be good, right? But these were exceptional! Seasoned with just the right amount of spices, chives, parmesan flakes, truffle oil, and (surprise!) gravy! Suuuuuper good! Oh and with a sundried tomato aoli dip. Mmm mm mmmm!Ok burgers. I got the Miyagi-San burger. I was nearly crying (and definitely licking my fingers...hell my whole hand) from the pure insanely good quality and tastes in my mouth. Beef medium, thinly fried onion rings, and an over-easy (not drippy!) egg. Buns were toasted, soft, sweet and yet so perfectly matched with the burger contents. Amazing, I was actually really sad when I finished eating.They need to bring this place to LA, they will make millions! Until then, I look forward to coming back during my next trip to Vegas and trying more from the menu, even their cool cocktail and beer options. One of the best quality burgers I've ever had. Well done Bachi Burger.
4	Found ourselves at Bachi after a long weekend, hungry for food that wasn't fast food,  yet not lemme-just-stuff-myself-silly buffet style either. Overall: love the concepts and menu but with a couple hangups!FOOD: downright delicious. Not gonna lie, I was pretty impressed. We ordered the truffle fries ($5.5) (medium cut, parm cheese, truffle gravy drizzle + sun-dried tomato aioli)...what in the holy hayellllll. This was so amazing! I could eat this literally as a side to every meal. The truffle wasn't overwhelming and I love the substitute of the aioli for like, Heintz ketchup or something. Very classy, Bachi. The Kiki burger ($11) was #1) cutely named and #2) cooked to perfection with the best flavor combo ever! I loved the bun, as it was somewhat sweet and pillowy. It had a mix of mushrooms, a bacon/sweet onion glaze and gruyere cheese. SERVICE: Not that great. It took a long time to get our food (30+ minutes). We were only 4 girls and didn't order anything out of the ordinary or massive amounts of food. Heck, the restaurant wasn't even that busy .. not all the tables were full, so I'm still a bit stumped why it took so long.DRINKS: The lychee boba milk tea was aiiiiight. Nothing special. They didn't put enough ice, so it was a bit warm and milky.. not really what I hoped for in 100+ degree weather. The lychee flavor was good though and not overwhelming.OVERALL: Satisfied, good for a try, not sure if I would go out of my way for this again, but if you do, it'll be a good choice!
4	Loved this place! I went here with my boyfriend for our first time and we just loved it here!
5	I came here with 3 of my buddies after attending marquee day club. I actually had high expectations of the food at this place. I have to say, the service was excellent and the oxtail fries were delicious. When it came time to order my burger, i wanted the Ronin burger but wanted fois gras on it. The server quickly explained that i can have fois gras put on any burger which made me  happy. Other than this place the only fusion food ive had has been kogi truck, and i think both are top notch. Great place to eat with friends.I suggest getting an order of the oxtail fries
5	Our first time here and it was well worth it. Great service our waiter helped us choose our food. The oxtail chilli cheese fries lived up to its awesome reputation. The manga burger is what i had and one of the best tasting burgers, my friend ashlee had the spicy miso burger and dusted it. We also had the duck bo buns that was amazing too..love this place. so happy its 5 min away from my house
4	If I lived around the area, I'd probably be here very often and probably very heavy but YOLO (is that still the catchphrase of the day? lol).  We ordered:Miyagi-San burger:  This was pretty good! It has bacon, fried egg, onion rings, chili mayo and furikake (which is apparently a seasoning..thanks, Google).  After staring at pictures, this is one of the burgers you must try.Ronin burger:  This burger has Japanese cole slaw in it which I've noticed was just added slices of that red ginger you get when you eat at Japanese restaurants.  There's also caramelized onions, fried egg, yuzu citrus aioli, katsu bbq and miso goma dressing.  I've only tried this and the previously mentioned burger but this one was my favorite.  Actually, we both liked this one the best.  If you're generally not a fan of ginger (like moi), you will hardly taste it and you'll survive.Salt & Pepper Garlic fries:  I asked for recommendations on the fries and was told to get this one since it was the waitress's favorite.  It has jalapeno, sea salt/pepper and surprisingly more ginger than I was expecting, which didn't make it that great for me.  Get this if you are, again, a fan of ginger.  We couldn't really taste anything garlicky about the fries (and the sauce as well), but more of the jalapeno.  It comes with an amazing garlic chili aioli sauce.Truffle Parmesan fries:  We really liked this one the best (compared to the other fries).  There's black truffle porcini cream on the fries along with a sun dried tomato aioli.  I think we liked these fries mixed with the garlic chili aioli  together.Milk tea drinks:  These were THE most bland drinks we have ever had with its non-sweet flavors (honeydew and lychee) and too soft tapiocas.  For drinks, I was told that they do make their own beverages and I did see this one soda that seemed appealing (apple and lychee).  Other than that, we look forward to our next Vegas trip and we'll definitely be back!
5	Best burger in town. Perfectly cooked through with amazing and interesting flavors. Would highly recommend this place to anyone in town.
4	Ox tail fries definitely good. Wait can be very long at times. Tried the Miyagi and Ronin cooked to perfection.
3	I try to go to as many restaurants as possible that are featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, so eventually I made my way to Bachi Burger. I knew about this place prior to it being on the show, but for whatever reason, I never ate here until this month. Not sure why it was featured because it's not a diner, drive-in, or dive.In any case, I saw the oxtail chili cheese fries featured on the show and chose that for my lunch. My favorite Filipino food is my mom's kare-kare, so I'm definitely a fan of oxtail. The dish was heavy on the fries and the oxtail was sparse. The fried egg on top was a nice touch that gave some nice creaminess to the dish. The flavor was good and I enjoyed the concept, but for $11.50 I really expected more.
5	Bachi Burgers, where have you been my entire life, and why can't I eat you in San Diego, CA.  There are so many positives about BB that Yelp should allow an extra star for just them because they're the only one worthy of that extra star.  BB was featured on Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, which that alone should warrant a visit.  But after my first visit, which arose because of many friends' recommendations, the reason BB is a must visit destination is resoundingly THE FOOD.  Let's put it this way, after my niece took her first bite of BB's renown Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, she said, "I want to come here for my birthday."  We live 4.5 hours away.  Not too subtly, ORDER THE OXTAIL FRIES!!!We were carnivorous after driving from San Diego, so when my better half posted on Facebook what our friends recommended to eat in Sin City, Bachi Burgers kept coming up.  There are multiple BBs in Vegas, so I chose the one with 1000+ reviews, which that alone should say something.  BB is located in a strip mall looking discreet and hidden towards the back, but the long line of people gives it away.  You will wait if you come during peak lunch or dinner times, but it truly is worth the wait.  Both the outside and inside is discreet, but you will see and taste food that's not discreet.  The inside decor comprised of black, complemented by the black attire of the staff, gives off a modern and chic flair.  Loved the Asian influenced artwork, specifically this panda painting.Enough of my Yelp review format of describing the restaurant, let's get to why throngs can't get enough of BB.  The lower case letters of the name attached to the building exemplifies modesty, but BB's food is not modest in taste and deliciousness.  Here's what we ordered:  Bachi pickles, Oxtail chili cheese fries, Salt & Pepper garlic french fries, BBQ Bachi Burger 8oz Grass Fed Wagyu, Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, and a mandarin orange drink.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that all of the food above was to die for.  The Miyagi-san and the oxtail fries will be on my last meal wish list.  The pickles, an assortment of pickled vegetables, had that salt and vinegar thing going and I practically ate everything by myself.  The oxtail fries was piled high on a plate and our party of 6 cleaned the plate in minutes.  The mixture of the oxtail, chili, cheese, and the broken yolk was heavenly melodic to our stomachs.  Everyone in our party couldn't stop talking about how great the food was.  My Miyagi burger will be ordered again when I return.  This burger is my favorite burger of all time.  EVER!  This beats my previous #1 at Hodad's in San Diego.  The meat alone was juicy, succulent, and tasted like a premium cut from a very expensive cow.  The fried onions kept its crispiness and blended well with the tasty caramelized bacon.  The chili mayo was flavorful.  What put this burger over the top was the salivating broken yolk from the egg.  WOW!  Highly recommend the mandarin orange drink to wash everything down.I'm bummed that I have to drive 4.5 hours to eat my latest additions to my last meal list.  For Las Vegas residents who can eat here all the time, I'm jealous.  For those that are visiting, a must visit despite the wait.  I like my niece's idea.  I want to come here for my birthday too.
3	Before when they first opened I was a huge fan of this place.. but now i'm wondering if the taste has slightly deteriorated with their jump in popularity??Their burgers are definitely good.. if I could give 1/2 stars they'd definitely be a 3.5.. but i'll have to drop it to a 3 because you will be expecting more than what you get from the long wait and hype.You probably won't go wrong with any of their burger choices..
5	I love Bachi Burger. The burgers, the fries, the shakes - it's all great. This is how a burger SHOULD be.My biggest complaint about this location is that there always seems to be a wait. We've typically had to wait 20 to 30 minutes each time before we get seated.But once we do finally get seated and those truffle fries hit the table, all is forgiven.
5	DAMN GOOD BURGER! I got the Kiku burger, full of all sorts of mushrooms and it was LARGE and DELICIOUS. Got the oxtail chili cheese fries too. They were delicious, and would probably rank 3rd on my all-time list of garbage plate fries. The one thing that hold them back are that the fries themselves are really simple, but this is pretty typical of chili cheese fries. The waiter said we wouldn't be able to finish a whole order of fries and our burgers...how wrong he was. We frickin destroyed our entrees!The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries are currently #3 on my Garbage Plate Fries list
4	Awesome place. It can get crowded but the food and beer is well worth it. They do have a second location that does not seem to be as popular.
5	Pretty delicious, the burgers have an asian/japanese taste to them. Very freshly made and truffle fries are also a must! Casual but can be semi dressy. Ordered a kiki burger and the spicy miso burger and for the meat we chose medium, it was pretty much the best burger ever, very juicy and tender.
5	HANDS DOWN the best burger joint!Pros:+great service+amazing food+oxtail fries+kiki burgerCons:-there isn't one in San Diego!
4	Packed on a Sunday - for two people - able to sit at the bar right away - service was prompt despite being busy - if you know what you want. Tried the Ox tail chilli cheese fries, the peking duck wrap sandwiches, and the green / black burger. Of these, the peking duck wrap was good but not as good as gourmet Chinese such as at Blossom - Aria Hotel, or my usual high end Vancouver BC Chinese restaurants. However, the burger was excellent and the oxtail chilli cheese fries were superb.
4	The food was everything I've heard about.. and more.  WOW.  Those burgers were amazing.  I couldn't decide so ended up splitting the Ronin and Myagi-san with a friend.  Both were great.  The pork belly steamed buns were wonderful.  Reminded me of the ones I had at Momofuku milk bar in NY.  The duck steamed buns were just OK, not as good.  My only knock on this place, and reason for not giving it 5 stars, is due to the service.  There were empty tables but our party of five waited about half an hour before we were seated.
5	My favorite uppity burger before was probably the truffle burger at Umami in California because I LOVE the taste/smell of truffle oil.I'm going to go ahead and say that the Shogun burger($26) is easily the best burger I have ever had. The price is high but omfg the taste was off the charts.  What really drew me to order it was because I wanted to try what foie gras tasted like for the first time and it did not disappoint. It's a perfect burger to me.  Juicy patty, fatty truffle foie gras, sweetness from the pear, and the soft crispy crunch around the edge of the bun.  It had all the right textures and flavor.We ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries like everyone recommended and it was damn good.  We also ordered the Kiki and Spicy Miso burgers.  I didn't really care for them after trying the shogun burger though.  Angus patty wasn't as good as the wagyu but don't get me wrong, they were still good burgers.  Little things bothered me with each burger like how the spicy miso burger had too much sauce for my taste and the bacon in the kiki burger was a salty pop that I thought was too much at times.Service was top notch.  Server and hostess were great and empty plates and trash were never on the table for more than 3-5 minutes.  Water was always topped off.  Places like this is what 5 star ratings are for.
5	I would like to give this place the title: "Best Burger Joint in the West".. comparing this to California burgers like Umami, Father's Office, and Back AbbeyI've been here several times now and have yet to lose the awe from eating their delicious burgers and fries.Each burger has their own distinctive flavor but the best, most amazing burger i've ever eaten is their KIKI BURGER(add a fried egg). I remember the first time biting into the burger at the other Bachi location.. I had one of those euphoric moments of satisfaction where all I was thinking was, "WOW"! The ingredients compliment each other perfectly, with the shitake mushrooms, caramalized bacon and the garlic chili aioli supporting the perfectly cooked patty.. amazing!Other burgers I've tried:Ronin- the sauce in this one is great.Banh-Mi- a detailed mixture of Vietnamese flavors put on a burger. Looks simple but has a burst of flavor.Shogun($26)- so many flavors I've never tasted before generated in this one burger. Pretty amazing with the Wagyu Beef and Unagi. For your first time, I suggest ordering the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries with your burger. It is truly one-of-a-kind. Sweet and meaty.. no need to dip in any sauce. If it seems too much, the Truffle Parmesan Fries is a tasty alternative.It seems like Bachi's business and popularity is starting to blossom. Aside from the amazing food, it's a pretty modern and hip restaurant with cool employees. This is a perfect dinner date spot if you want to get away from the strip.They really need to open up the LA location already!
5	If I were to leave this Earth today, I would feel comfortable knowing that I have eaten  the Best Burger around... Awesome! I had the Spicy Miso Burger, my son the Kiki and my wife the Bhan Mi. Don't forget the Parmasean Truffle fries. They also have a great beer selection. When you're in Vegas So Cal people make it a point to come here.
5	Asian burgers.  I hear a mad scientist laughing in a kitchen somewhere.  Maybe a ninja wearing a lab coat.  I didn't think there'd be another successful fusion-ized dish after the Kogi Korean tacos, but alas they did it.  Dag gum it, they did it.They somehow are able to capture that magical flavor of charred cow burgers, but still gently *remind* you that this is something with a twist.  And it's not just "Oh, here's a burger with some bean sprouts in it."  They season and sauce so that each bite takes you somewhere.  I had the Banh Mi burger and it reminded me of Vietnamese vermicelli bowls.  I tried the Miyagi, and I felt like I was eating Dim Dum in Chinatown.  I had to look down at the plate to remember this was somehow just ground meat in a bun.Only negative is the wait (just prepare for it), and it's pretty loud with the music, crowdedness, and everyone yelling to fight the music and the crowdedness.A definite must-try at least once.
5	Ok, these burgers are expensive, but the ingredients are totally fresh and the uniqueness of the flavor combinations is spot on. Totally worth having. Because of the sauces the burgers are pretty rich and different than what most are used to, but that's part of their uniqueness.... Ooot oh, I'm totally drooling thinking of these burgers! Haha! The bun... I used to think brioche buns were the perfect burger vehicle, but now I'm not as sure! The texture is perfect. I don't know how - but your fillings actually stay in the burger bite after bite. And if you look at the pictures on here you can see that they aren't small burgers by any means!My only point of contention is that the host also had to be our waiter, server and busser. Don't get me wrong, he did a good job and had a great attitude, but that's a lot of work for one person. After he seated us he said our server would be right over. I heard the server tell him she didn't want any more tables. That's pretty unprofessional! We were only a party of two! Kudos to that host, perhaps he's a supervisor or something? PS- don't miss the pork belly steamed buns - they were FANTASTIC!...I wish this place wasn't 6 hours away from our house!...
5	Boy would I kill for a Bachi's in the South Bay. My visits to Vegas rarely include venturing off the strip, but a good friend of my boyfriend suggested this place. I was not in the mood for a burger AT ALL, but the second I looked at the menu I was sold. Service was great, and everything on the menu looked so good it was extremely difficult to decide what to get. I eventually (reluctantly) decided on the Kalbi Burger which did not disappoint. Kimchee is the best condiment on the planet IMO and having it on a burger was an awesome addition. (I've had it on hotdogs and it's also thebomb) My boyfriend ended up ordering the Miyagi burger and it had such a balance of flavors and the onion rings on there were seriously perfect. All the buns on every single burger were fluffy and light and held up to the size and juiciness of the hamburger. Also order the salt and pepper fries because those things are legit crave-able. So crave-able that when I got back to the bay I immediately went to the grocery store and grabbed similar ingredients and attempted to recreate them at home. Stop at Bachis, order something, be happy. Easily one of the best burger experiences I've ever had.
4	Great place! We had the oxtail chili cheese fries for an appetizer- pretty good but could have used a little more cheese in my opinion. For my main dish I had the pork belly steamed buns. So good! I've tried  pork belly a few times before and it can be on the dry side, but not these! And the steamed bun itself was amazing. My boyfriend had the Kiki burger and it was also very tasty and juicy. The portions are generous here so come hungry!
4	Love the passion fruit boba and the sweet potato fries were crispy deliciousness! I didn't like the mustard sauce that came with it so much but they were yummy just plain. My shogun burger was disappointing because the patty was overcooked but the foie gras slab was generous and delicious. They offered to redo my burger but I didn't want them to have to redo a $25 burger so I declined. Later, since I couldn't eat the meat, I wish I had taken them up on their offer. Service is kind of spotty but the facility itself is hip and clean. Worth a try for sure!
5	we seen place on tripple d food network, after we seen the burgers, we new when we made it back to vegas, we were there, i'm here to tell you the pictures you see on yelp don't lie, these burgers were awesome, the kiki burger was sooo good & the truffle garlic fries uuuummm, my hubby had the banh mi burger gooood, a must try ......
4	My friend and went, it was delicious  The service was quick and kept our drinks filled.  The burgers were cooled how we ask for. We tried the Parmesan fries. They were hot and well seasoned.   Overall  a good meal. The price for two burgers and one fry was 47 with tip. That was a little high. Retreats thought.
5	Food was great. Beers were cold on a hot day. Little bit of a drive from the strip, so if your taking a taxi from the strip, expect a $50 round trip...
5	Bachi Burger...I'm a huge fan. This is one of my favorite places for gourmet burgers. My favorite burger is the black and green (only because it's so good that I haven't ordered anything else), the wagyu grass fed beef, mushrooms, blue cheese and spinach blend together deliciously in your mouth. These burgers are pretty good sized. The buns are super soft, and the meat is really tender. With every bite you take, it just melts in your mouth. We ordered the Salt and Pepper Garlic Fries. I really like the garlic chili aioli, but next time I'd like to try the Truffle Parmesan Fries. Our neighbor ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries and they looked amazing. The plate was huge, although there was only two and they finished the whole plate without issue. I think it's because they are that good.The only thing average about this place was my iced tea.  It was just ok. I'm definitely a little picky about my iced tea, so I just wouldn't order it again here. Maybe next time I'll try the Matcha Green Tea instead.
3	Forget about the fact that you'll be spending about $20 for a burger and fries.It was Saturday night on the strip and craving a burger at around 11:15pm.Not to worry, Bachi Burger is open til midnight on Saturdays.So after a quick drive to an unsuspecting strip mall off Windmill, you'll find some unique gourmet-ish type burgers to kill that craving. It was my first time there so of course I had to have a burger but there are definitely some other things on the menu that I'd love to go back for and try ... like the chili fried chicken, pork buns or the oxtail chili cheese fries.But I stuck with the plan and had the Miyagi San grass-fed Wagyu burger that had chili mayo,  fried egg, furikake, caramelized bacon and crispy onion rings. You pretty much feed any cows grass and you know that shit will taste delicious. I really can't tell the difference between the grass fed beef compared to others but the burger was damn tasty and I'd definitely come back to Bachi Burger when in LV even though it's off the strip.So if you're craving a burger while in Sin City, haven't lost all your money gambling and drinking and have means of transportation to get here.Give the place a try, just expect to overpay for a burger and fries but then remember again where you are.Yup, LV.
5	Holy Burger!! This place rocks!!! Wanted something off the strip so we didn't have to pay 25 for a burger and found this little gem...Delicious burgers ranging from 10-18 a burger, plus 2-6 for fries... Not bad in my opinion.Came here twice in a period of 5 days and each time was unbelievable... Some of the best burgers I've ever had in my life.. Note to owners: please open this restaurant in the La Quinta, CA area!!! We need a burger place like this!!
4	Bachi Burger is a happening little spot that's off strip. The locals enjoyed it until the non-locals found out about it. Now it's a long wait, but the food is still great. The variety of burgers still amazes me.. if you're feeling like Korean, Vietnamese, Japanese, Chinese, or just plan American style, there's a burger to fit your taste buds. My favorite is the Truffle Parmesan fries and the Ronin Burger (a burger with a fried egg, yum!) We've tried the Oxtail chili fries a few times. I know some people rave about it, but I'm still not a fan. It just tastes like bbq sauce and chewy meat to me.. Overall, burgers taste gourmet and satisfy any greasy craving. Eat fast though, because people will be wanting your seat!
5	Gourmet burgers - loved it. Meat is so moist and delicious. Off the strip but I think it's worth it. Definitely would recommend this place. No reservations - came at lunch time and had to wait 40min Oxtail fries is a must
4	Okay 1 word sums up my whole expirience here. YUM! The bun on the burger tho! It melted in my mouf! The burger its self was a PARTY in my mouf! And their fries with the jallepeno slices on it YUM! (I just drooled on my laptop) lol
5	I anxiously awaited my visit to Las Vegas, just so I could try Bachi Burger.  I had heard so much about it, and it was all good!   First of all, the location-  off the strip at the South end of town.  It was conveniently located just four short blocks away from our RV resort, which was quite welcome after already having driven about 5 1/2 hours to get to Vegas.  The restaurant :  Kinda hard to find the entrance, but once we did, we were seated without a wait.  We arrived at about 5:45 on a Thursday.  I was surprised at how small this place was.  It looks like it only seated about 50 people.  The environment was very industrial chic.The food: ORGASMIC, MINDBLOWING, AMAZING!  O.K.  I think you get the picture.  I loved the food.  We started with the oxtail chili cheese fries.  These super crisp fries are topped with a fair amount of the delicious chili, cheese sauce, and a perfect sunny side up egg.   My son built his own burger with an angus patty, cheese, bacon, and crispy onion rings.  My husband and I shared the Miagi-son burger.  It had an angus beef patty, furikake seasoning, carmelized bacon, fried egg, and chili aoli.  It was great!I of course enjoyed their house Chardonnay, and my husband enjoyed his icy cold (however a bit pricy) craft brew.
5	Sooo tasty!!
5	Even though I came here with a very large group at almost closing time, the staff was very accommodating to our needs. And because I was in a very big group, I was able to try a few dishes. We ordered the Shogun Burger, Pork Belly Steamed Buns, Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and Edamame. Both the burger and pork belly had a delicious mix of unique flavors and tender meat, I was impressed. Although it is a little bit of a drive from the strip, it's worth the trip if you have a friend sober enough to drive ;)
5	Rarely do I give 5 stars to any place but this is a great burger place. My friends and I ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries, pork belly sliders and Chicken nuggets thing for our starters. The pork belly sliders we could've done without but the other two, were freaken tasty as hell! The fries were tasty to another level, The chicken nuggets things were so good, I pretty much ate the whole plate by myself. I ordered the Ronin burger which had all kinds of delicious on it! It had an egg, cole slaw, onions and all kinds of other stuff that I can't remember! It was too good. Everyone should come here and eat here!!!
4	Asian fusion style burgers and drinks. I liked tasting the new flavors, I thought it was innovative and interesting change to classic burgers.The only con I could think of was my burger [the Ronin] and my friend's [Kiki] both tasted very sweet. It was good, but a tad too sweet. I think people who enjoy Bulgogi will like these Asian style burgers. The only reason why I mention this is the burgers here reminded me of bulgogi because of the sweet flavors marinated in the meat.  I liked the squishy bun and how well it held all the ingredients together. Besides the dripping sauce, I loved how it did not fall apart and was easy to eat. My favorites: Tasted a sip of my friend's apple lychee soda, it was DELICIOUS!!!! I rarely drink soda but I really loved this drink it was so refreshing. I also really enjoyed the garlic truffle fries!!
5	Unique. Fantastic! Loved it!  We had a great lunch here after trying it for the first time.  It was around 2pm when we walked in and there was about a 10 minute wait.  I thought it would be an off time coming in but they were busy!  It must be a winner!We decided to try a few different burgers and split them so we could taste a couple different things on the menu.  Our choices were the Kiki Burger and Spicy Miso Burger. ~ the Kiki Burger had a fabulous blend of sauteed mushrooms, caramelized bacon and garlic chili aioli.  The flavorful bacon really stood out.  The buttery soft bun complimented this so perfect. The angus beef was absolutely cooked to perfection.  This burger is an A+!~the Spicy Miso burger was also such a delectable, mouth watering treat for my taste buds!  The unique combination of pepper mayo, onion, cheese and apple vinaigrette sent my world spinning!  Not to mention that they inserted a fried egg in between all of the other yummy ingredients.  WOW!! On the side we went with the Truffle Parmesan and Sweet Potato Fries.  OH YEAH! They were crispy, full of flavor and served with a delicious dipping sauce.  This was great to change it up from the usual ketchup.   The truffle sauce gave the fries a different yet fabulous flavor with a hint of garlic taste.  Score!  The Sweet potato fries were just as delicious.  They were crispy and perfect with their chosen dipping sauce.  I'm not sure what this was but I was in heaven! I can't write this review without mentioning the phenomenal service they provided!  Our waitress was attentive, so friendly and courteous! She even asked us if we had any food allergies that the kitchen should be aware of.  This was the first time anyone ever asked me this!  That's amazing to me!  Plus they had others walking around with water pitchers to refill our glasses even when they weren't even half gone!  All restaurants should do this! Why did I wait to long to try Bachi Burger? Now that I know how delicious their food is, I hope not to wait so long for my second visit.  If you want a different flare of a burger flavor...  this is definitely the place to go!   Can you tell I loved it?
5	i'm so glad i'm going back to LV in 2 weeks cuz i can't wait to come back here to try some more burgers!  i didn't know a burger could be so good.  the patties were seasoned well, cooked perfectly.  the bread was soft and didn't dominate, the toppings were all so unique.  and they all blend perfectly.we ordered:oxtail chili cheese fries - awesome, though wish it had more meat/sauce:pork belly steamed buns - i wanted to see how authentic these buns were.  the flavor was spot on, just like in Taiwan, but the surface was a tad dried out.  figures cuz they buy them from a bakery in chinatown daily.:manga burger - that day's special.  awesome combination of stuff and there was a lot:kiki's burger - husb said the sweet onion marmalade was a bit too sweet for him, but other than that was very good:miyagi-san's wagyu burger - didn't taste it but it looked fantasticoh, here's a tip: order the oxtail chili cheese fries as soon as you sit down.  that way something will come out sooner cuz chances are you'll be hungry from the wait and looking at all the fab food going to other tables.
4	Great service fresh food Great tasting kobe beef, a little to noisy to relax, but for a "gourmet" burger that's Not traditional it's the spot fries are great tasting garlic with sliced pepper pieces umm good spot for date nite
4	The oxtail french fries was amazing!  Go get it!  I might as well make some fries and put an egg on top because I suddenly have a crazing.  The burgers were excellent too.  It's a great way to start Vegas or end Vegas!  Go go go!
4	Excellent, very creative burger and fry menu. Slow service was the only con. Ordered the crusty crab burger but was too salty for my taste. The kimchee burger and parmesan fries were excellent!
4	Burgers here are unique and have the perfect combination of flavors. The wait and service is very slow though. The demand is just too high.
5	Been here twice now since moving back to town. Had the Ronin Burger.... Best burger I've ever had!!!!!! Had the Veggie burger on the second visit and it was the best veggie burger I've ever had!!! These peeps are now my go-to burger joint in LV!
4	Finally made it here after seeing it on an episode of Triple D.  Ordered the spicy miso burger and oxtail chili cheese fries. The burger was good, definitely juicy although I ordered mine medium rare and it came out medium.  Wish there would have been more heat though especially since spicy is in the name.  The egg was cooked well though and I do love fried eggs on burgers.  The oxtail fries were okay, just chili cheese fries with oxtail as the protein.  Katsuhiro was excellent though, very refreshing with their homemade strawberry puree.  Service was good as well, will return the next time I'm in Vegas and am in the mood for an off the strip burger.
4	Great Asian fusion burger joint for Las Vegas locals. We had the Miyagi Sans Burger (flavorful and juicy), pork belly bao (if you love Vietnamese comfort food, it hits home), and salt/pepper garlic fries...all quite delicious. I will come back to try more. It was really cold in there and only one server at the time so service was a bit slower. Also they have craft beers and boba!
5	First time visitor, and everything we had was great. The burger was cooked perfectly, the oxtail chili fries were great, and the price quite reasonable. Looking forward to coming here again.  I had the Manga Burger which was a special that day.  This place is unlike any burger place you have ever tasted. All quality products and great staff. The service is outstanding, the wait staff was right on top of things. If another opportunity comes around I will definitely be back.
5	Wow! These burgers are awesome!! Stopped in for a snack with a group of girls for lunch on a Saturday over Labor Day weekend for my bachelorette party. I had to try since there were so many good reviews! Going into it we knew we were going to share a burger with one other person since we had an early dinner coming up. Wait was about 40 minutes which was kind of expected for the time and holiday weekend. Place is busy, loud but not obnoxious and menu is Asian fusion. And most of their burgers (just burgers alone) range around $10 and up.  I had the miyagi San grass fed burger ($13) and a side of the their garlic fries. The burger patties width are on the smaller side but they're all stacked tall with delicious toppings. Ours was a wagyu patty with a chili mayo, furikake, onion rings, and a fried egg!! Can't go wrong with a fried egg! It was awesome and I kinda wish we went back do I could one of my own :) the fries were pretty good but a little too gingery for me (not a big ginger fan) I got to taste the kalbi burger as well that a friend ordered and their Parmesan truffle fries. Both were awesome and definitely ordering the Parmesan truffle fries instead next time! All in all. A good place for great food. Worth the wait and price. Will be returning next time I'm in town!
5	Best burger in Las Vegas.   From the bun to the gourmet burger.  Flavors are so creative and the micro beers are unique.
5	NEVER A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!  we started with spicy pan seared edamame which were a nice change from French fries which are all fab here we just wanted something different~ The Keiki burger (WONDERFUL AS ALWAYS!) and hubby tried the Bahnmi and was very good thinks the Miagi is better but it was always a deelish meal and our server was great to!      If you like burgers you will MUST stop at Bachi Burger  !!!!!!!??
5	Had the kiki burger with the standard fries. The pineapple ketchup is awesome. Looking forward to my next trip.
4	Pretty tasty burgers. But if you don't have a car and need to drive from the strip, I dunno if it's worth the cab ride.All the burgers were pretty good. Had the spicy miso burger which was rich and good.
3	Bachi has a very trendy vibe and asian fusion burgers.Plus:- the size of the patties on their burger.-medium rare was really medium rare (they must have quality beef here)-sweet potatoe fries, crispy on the outside, smooth and soft insideMinus-does everything need a fried egg on top?-oxtail fries, you couldnt tell it was oxtail, cant really tell if there's meat in it at all. this too had a fried egg on top.
5	There's nothing pretentious about bachi burger.  The burgers are at a minimum some of the best burgers I've ever had, if not the best, but that may lead to inflated expectations if you go  there so let's just agree to say they are really good burgers.I got the miyagi something burger.  It was a wagyu beef patty with a fried egg, onion rings, chili mayo, and caramelized bacon.  The temperature of the burger was spot on, medium with a nice, warm pink center.  The egg was cooked perfectly as well, over-easy with a nice runny yolk.The bun, an often unappreciated component of the burger, was soft, flavorful and appropriate in size (good mean to bun ratio) and absorbed all of the juices from the wagyu beef.For sides, we did the oxtail chili fries and the truffle fries.  Truffle fries seem to be the new en vogue thing now, so I was not blown away by them (they were pretty good though), but the oxtail chili fries embodied what I would think of when I think of a marriage of Asian cuisine with american junk food.  There are generous portions of oxtail (unlike Animal in LA who chinsy oxtail poutine was somewhat disappointing).In short, if you're willing to trek off the strip in vegas in search of a good burger, go to this place, you probably won't be disappointed, unless you're a charlatan.
3	Came here on a Saturday around noon, got seated right away since we sat at the bar, the wait was 20 min otherwise. The restaurant has a cool feel and all the dishes were plated nicely. Everything tasted pretty good, but the flavors were quite strong and I didn't love anything so much that I would come back for it (since there are so many great eateries in Vegas)Ordered:Oxtail Chili Fries - These were good! Salty, it was perfect to share with 3-4 people before the burgers came outRonin Burger - Good, strong onion flavorKeiki Burger - OK, strong sweet flavorAll-in-all, it was a good dining experience and if I had to go back I'd be interested in trying some of the other burgers. But I'd rather go to Serendipity 3 at Cesars Palace!
4	Always great food. They have such a great selection if burgers that are all amazing. The Wagyu beef is phenomenal. You should try the truffle Parmesan fries. Also, try the milkshakes. They are wonderful either with your meal or as a dessert. Overall, you should try this restaurant. It is a very good experience. Sometimes the service is slow, but overall the experience is always great.
3	A little disappointed. While the creative parings and toppings were high quality and tasty the taste of the meat in the burger was a bit lacking.We ordered the sausage app, the sausages were tasty, served with a nice whole grain mustard. They were just sausages really, nothing special. We also had the chili chicken, that was pretty tasty.I had the Spicy Miso burger and it was spicy! My sinuses started to clear just from smelling it but not too hot to bear. It was tasty but again I was disappointed with the flavor if the meat itself. The meat was a bit bland, hard and dry. I got the impression that it was a frozen wagyu patty. So while the overall burger was good, it was more like I had all these tasty toppings, sauce and spices wrapped around a bland burger. I give Bachi props for the unique creation of an Asian/Burger fusion and the creative tastes but in the end an inferior or frozen beef patty will bring a good burger down and ultimately why I couldn't give them 4 stars.One tip if you get one of the burgers with a fried egg, be careful with the over medium egg..... Bite the wrong way and you could have a blast of hot liquid yolk shoot all over you! LOL
5	We are frequents to the Las Vegas and Henderson area. Every time my family and I are down, we think of the plethora of great eats in these cities. A couple of weeks ago we found out about bachi burger and their food has opened my eyes. In California, the closest burger to compare (which doesn't match up IMO) is umami burger. At bachi, I tried their miyagi burger, and each bite was full of flavor. The bun was toasted to perfection and for some reason, the juicy richness of the meat never left the buns soggy (twss). If you're ever in town for a 5-star burger that puts all other burgers to shame, give this place a try!
2	False advertising on the check in offer. It says 1 free beer with the purchase of a beer. After checking in, the offer says only valid between the hours of 11 PM and 2 AM. WTF! Minus 1 star for the bait and switch tactic. :( Anywho... burgers here are Asian fusion burgers and they taste pretty decent, albeit pretty greasy. The sauces are creamy so if you don't like thick creamy sauces then the fries "dipping sauces" aren't gonna be for you. Other than that, it's what you would expect a $10 burger should be.
4	Tried the following: Ronin burger -- Angus beef, caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu BBQ, and Yuzu citrus aioli.  Not bad but not spectacular either.  We ordered the meat medium done but it came closer to medium well done.  Personally I think there's too much going on with this burger.  Too many condiments for my liking.  When mixed together, the flavors become confusing and messy.  Miyagi san burger -- Chili mayo, fried egg, Furikake caramelized bacon, crispy onion rings.  Delicious!  The meat was juicy and tender.  The burger was huge because of the layer of crispy onion rings.  Couldn't fit it in my mouth so ate some of the onion rings first.  I'm a fan of onion rings so this was my type of burger.  Oxtail chili cheese fries -- good but nothing special about it.  To me taste pretty much the same as any chili cheese fries, but just with some minced oxtail meat. You could taste a hint of oxtail but for the most part the chili flavor overshadow the oxtail flavor.  Overall, good burgers.  I I would come again to try other items on their menu.  Next time I'll try the steam bao sandwiches.
5	Can I please die and go to Bachi Burger heaven!!! I planned an all week birthday celebration in Vegas and this was a MUST do along the way. If you're in town, do yourself a favor and make sure that you stop in. Since there were 12 of us we had everything--and there wasn't a single disappointment. My favorites were the cheese fries with Oxtail and the pork belly steamed buns...NEXT level amazing. The Banh-Mi, Crusty Crab, and Miyagi-san were also crowd favorites.The service was great. They handled the big party easily and we even did birthday shots and singing with our server. They offered us great recommendations on drinks and desserts and though we were dubious of the pop tarts but they were great and the donuts took the cake and sealed the deal. Bachi Burger has a permanent place in every Vegas itinerary. Can't wait for more!
4	The fries are to die for...
5	Had the oxtail chili cheese fries, and spicy burger and it was so so delicious! Best fries and burger ever!! Will come back when I'm in town. :)
3	Warning, DO NOT get the boba tea. They make it with some nasty powdered creamer (per the waitress) and it results in a gross thick consistency. I got the papaya and it had no taste. They could have at least opened a Goya can and poured some papaya juice in.  I am fuming that I paid 4.5 dollars for that slop.That being said, the burgers and sweet potato fries are really good and worth a return for. I got the bachi burger and it was well-seasoned and juicy.
5	Bachi Burger is amazing. This is where I ate the BEST burger of my life. I wish it was a franchise cause I would totally invest every penny into it to bring it to NY. The Myagi-san burger changed my life, I will never look at a burger the same way again. This is not the burger that all other burgers will be judged against.I went to Bachi Burger twice during my stay in Vegas. The first time the food was EXCELLENT. We ordered: Myagi-san burger, truffle parm fries and the kiki burger with a red velvet milkshake to go. Everything was amazing. 5  star food and experience.The second time we went we got the Ronin burger, pork belly buns, oxtail fries and portuguese donuts. Everything was decent this time around but not outstanding like our first time there. Ronin burger was good but I felt it lacked a bit in flavor. The pork belly buns were different, but I thought they were only yummy when smothered in the sauce they came with. The Oxtail fries reminded me of just regular chilli cheese fries....the oxtail part did not really shine through flavor wise (Yelpers hyped this up so much I was kind of disappointed when I tasted it....go in with an uninfluenced mind and maybe you will enjoy them more than I did). I thought that the Portuguese donuts were a bit too dense and I would have preferred to have them served on a plate instead of in a paper cone.....sugar was everywhere. But these are very minor details. Over all the second time around I would still rate the food and experience 4 stars.
4	Heard about this infamous burger joint first from one of my co-workers... then as I scoped out the scene here on yelp it totally made me become even more interested in visiting this place... finally during one of my recent trips back to the city of sin I was able to make my way out there to confirm the verdict... and guess what?  It's definitely a thumbs up!So what is Bachi Burger?  It's a similar concept to Umami Burger that is based in Las Vegas...  Let's jump right into the Pros and Cons... (My new ways of reviewing...)Pros:  --Great burger!!!  Had the Kiki Burger and it was off the hook!  The size is as big as expected from a gourmet burger joint so nothing special.. it comes a la carte so your fries will always be an extra order on the side...--Great truffle parm fries!  Terrific flavor and definitely deserves a recognition!*totally wanted to try the Oxtail chili fries but didn't get the chance...  The neighboring table ordered one and they literally killed it in about 3 seconds... can't wait to order this entree next time I'm visiting LV!Cons:--Location is not too hard to find but it's not obvious either... ample parking though...--Price is definitely on the higher side.. oxtail chili fries will be around $11 bucks so be prepared to pay for the food... for us one burger, truffle fries, and iced tea ran around $20... so it's definitely a treat more than anything...--Not on the strip where I'm usually at.. but I guess that's ok... less crazy crowd I suppose.Verdict: I will definitely go back!  In fact... my next trip I'm going to verify how delicious that Oxtail Chili Fries really is... and gotta try the Miyagi Burger too!  So stay tuned for an updated review coming soon!
5	Modern decored  restaurant in an obscure mini mall a few mikes from the strip.  Got there right at opening so was promptly seated.  The Oxtail Fries were amazing although slightly on the sweet side.  A little spicier than I anticipated so I was pleasantly surprised.  The Bahn-Mi burger was also tasty, but once again slightly sweet.  The pickled veggies really make that burger..I'd want it piled high next time.  Can't wait to try the Ronin on my next trip.  Worth the $20 taxi to get out here!
5	Came here for Saturday at lunch - no problem finding parking or getting a table for two. Waitresses were really nice, but kind of absent when you actually needed them around. I got the Ronin Burger - angus beef, caramelized onions, cold slaw, miso dressing, yuzu aioli and a fried egg. It was messy, but it was really a melt in your mouth burger. The bun is really soft, slightly sticky like a baked porked bun. Truffle Parmesan fries - nothing special about these - you're better off trying a different side, especially for the price they charge for these truffle fries.Oh my goodness, that burger was amazing. You have to come back and try it for yourself.
4	Minimalistic review because I forgot to write it back in July when I went.  The wait to get in was nuts, even though most of the tables were empty.  This made my husband really cranky and we almost left, as we had a movie to catch.However, the food was good.  We liked the oxtail fries.  I had whichever burger they said was their popular sweet one.  I *think* it was Ronin but I am not 100% sure.  I remember thinking "IT's a 4" because I mentally review everything I eat, but I honestly don't remember details.  I do remember that there was another burger I really wanted to try next time I go though (I think it was the banh-mi burger).It wasn't as good as our local asian fusion burger place (LA Burger in Irving, TX) but it was good and I'd go back.
4	What can I say about these burgers that hasn't already been said??? Yummo!!! Ono!!! Awesome!!! Grindz!!! Broke da mouth!!!! All of these apply. Everything that we ordered was mouth-watering and finger-licking good. The oxtail-chili-cheese-fries were delicious, I could actually taste the oxtail! There were big chunks of meat, not just shredded.  Parmesan-truffle fries are an absolute must!!!! The burgers were cooked to order, and weren't overcooked at all. My plantation iced tea was very refreshing and a perfect compliment to the meal.You should definitely try this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I'm back home in Cali and I already want to go back to Vegas just so I can eat here again!  I saw the Ox-Tail Fries on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives and I craved it so bad.  It was really good.  The fried egg on top just made it even better.  The ox tail meat was savory and soft, melt in your mouth.  I tried the Ronin Burger, which is the most popular but I didn't really like it.  There was too much carmelized onions which I usually love but it made the burger too sweet.  My husband had the Miyagi-san's Wagyu Burger and it was so awesome!!  I ate half of his burger.  It was really savory and just good.  I wanted to try their Boba drinks but I was too full after.  I can't wait to go back again!
5	This place has a nice concept and it's well executed Trendy Asian Burger Spot Sit down restaurant It's not cheap but it's not unreasonable Got all the great Asian style drinks boba etcSalt and Fries are good Any burger will doHave the Malasadas it's on point
5	We had our reunion just this past week and this was one of the places that I was soooo curious about by reading all the praises about it..  When we stepped through the door of windmill address restaurant, I was already impressed with whole ambiance of the place..  Not your typical burger place that's for sure..  After taking a look at the menu, I was floored by the concepts of all the food!  Even the alcoholic drinks were intriguing!!  After constant deliberations..  I decided on the Miyagi-San burden and to share some oxtail chili fries...  The fries was simply awesome!!!!  Best fries in the world for at least a few minutes..  Till the Truffle Parmesan fries landed..  We have a new champion!!!  Unreal!!!  I was thinking someone needs to open one of these back home in Hawaii!!  The burgers had then came out and it was perfect..  Thick and juicy burgers!!  I was content!!  By far..  The best burger place I ever went to EVER!!
3	Oxtail chili cheese fries-my friends raved about the Oxtail fries so I thought I would give it a shot. The fries were not bad, needs a little kick of spiciness, chili could be better. Had the Mr. Miyaki. Def better than the first time I was here and got the ronin burger, but I still don't see how this place gets the reviews that it does. I know their concept is Asian fusion but instead of just incorporating the sweet elements from Asian cuisine they should more of the spice elements from Asian cuisine. Most their dishes here are just too sweet.
5	This place is absolutely sensational a great atmosphere and amazing selection on the menu. Staff were great with recommendations and really know their stuff. Well worth the trip away from the strip if you are in Vegas and want fantastic food
5	The best place for burgers ever!!! Here x 2 because of rave review from diners, drive-ins n dives via Guy Fierri. The pork belly and duck sliders, banh mi burger and kalbi burger.......delish!!!!! Every time I'm in Vegas...will stop by....it's a must do place to get the best in satisfying your burger craving...!!!
4	Ok so the burgers here are amazing. And different from the average burger you'd get somewhere else. My faves are the black and blue and the miyagi-San. The buns are so light and fluffy and the patties are nice and thick. Service is hit or miss depending on the server- however I have to say the last time we went we had a really great staff looking out for us. The salt and pepper fries are amazing too. Overall I would recommend this place for a delicious and unique burger.
5	These burgers are nothing I've ever had before! We got the banh mi burger and it was ahhh-mazing. Words can't describe how good it was. Unfortunately I don't live in Las Vegas and been craving it ever since.
5	YUMM! most amazing burger ever! I work late and they are open late. Amazing food and excellent prices. Staff has definitely improved in the past year so despite previous complaints regarding staff. Fret no more. try the Manga Burger! YUMMY! Don't ask what's on it. Chances are you can't pronounce it anyway. Just eat it and ENJOY!
3	I don't get the buzz.Tasted weird.The burger patty is soaked in some sort of soy crap.To me this says, bad meat!  Poor meat!Maybe itsn ot ba meat but I don't get why it needs to be soaked.  I guess its the trend.If u don't like that trend this isn't the place for u.The appetizers are good tho and so was the shake so that's why I gev it 3 stars. Mgmt was nice too. Was bopping around checking on tables.Its just not for me.
5	The truffle Parmesean fries is my form of crack. I constantly crave them and I could eat 3 servings in one sitting. I've always created my own burgers so it's always been good. .. fun fusion menu. Hard to go wrong if you ask me
4	Finally I got to try this Burger restaurant. And what can I say, 'Yes, I am a fan'!I tried that Spicy Miso Burger... what a delicious burger combination! I will definitely go back, because I want to taste this again! Omg, it was so delicious!Everything how I think a burger should be! That was the best burger of my life. It touched all my taste buds perfectly. The meat, the salad, the cheese etc. everything is totally fresh, and tastes how it should taste. Great beef! The fries were served hot, fresh, and crispy. Perfect.No more Chili's, Red Robin etc. burgers for us. Bachi Burger  -  I will definitely take all my friends there!Very friendly, professional staff too!
5	Great food and great service. Unique flavors and great prices for the quality. Shogun Wagyu burger w foie gras is excellent (I'd leave off the unagi IMO) and Bahn Mi burger w beef,pork,shrimp is great as well. Peking duck buns are awesome and any of the French fries as well. Red sake sangria amazing & the Japanese white ale, hintachi or something like that was a really good beer. The bad: we went late, 1am,and they were cleaning. The smell of bleach almost made us leave but we stayed and it disappeared eventually. Bleach the floors when the customers are gone and the sign says closed. Awesome place!
5	For the LOVE of FOIE!!I knew I had to make a trip to out Bachi Burger the next time I was in Las Vegas when I heard about the Shogun Burger!I could tell that this restaurant was not your ordinary burger joint after taking one glance at the menu.  This is one of the more modern restaurants that serve types of burgers you would not typically find at your local burger joint.  Bachi Burger offers various Japanese-inspired burgers, dishes, and sides. The SHOGUN BURGER consists of Wagyyu Beef & Unagi, Pan Seared Foie Gras, Poached Asian Pear, Miso Butter, and Yamamomo Peach  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=Xc_YmEWXC7Rmv-9fncsOGA#Xc_YmEWXC7Rmv-9fncsOGA).  To be honest, my first bite was a little overwhelming from all the different flavors going on, lol.  But all the flavors melded together perfectly.  The wagyu beef was tender, juicy, and cooked to perfection.  The sweetness and tender poached Asian pear.  The rich, pan seared, slice of foie gras.  All of this, drizzled in miso butter, topped with arugula, in between a home made sweet bun  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=W9bCuQYgNjg2W-Fb2BBDkw#W9bCuQYgNjg2W-Fb2BBDkw).  Foie is already very rich to begin with, so I was not able to finish this burger in one sitting-- especially since we ordered sides as well.I tried some of my friend's CRUSTy CRAB Burger, but the burger was too salty for my liking.  It was difficult to taste all the flavors and ingredients in the burger but it wasn't too bad.  (Crab cake burger with mango chutney and tartar sauce).  The concept of making a "Spongebob-type" burger is cute though.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=JHZOUMJ4_JqyKjvo6aHHzg#JHZOUMJ4_JqyKjvo6aHHzg).  The SWEET POTATO FRIES were fresh, crispy, lightly salted, and served with a Yuzu Citrus Aioli dipping sauce  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=xgwqimbyTmxJTnzr7bRITg#xgwqimbyTmxJTnzr7bRITg).  If you are  afan of sweet potato fries, you will not be disappointed!The TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES were delicious.  Made with fresh cut potatos, tossed in white truffle oil, parmesan reggiano, porcini cream, served with sun dried tomato aioli  (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=QgvNAbzuAF7sNnz7TpFy0g&userid=F28n26ynklEioZDInyK__A).  If I weren't so full I would have ordered a few more items on the menu that made my mouth water:  the Peking Style Duck Steamed buns, Pork Belly Steamed Buns,  and Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries.  But that's just a few more reasons to come back! Woohoo!
2	Disappointed seeing grown men argue and the mistreatment of employees!I was initially excited to watch the 3D episode talking about this spot and the same feeling followed me as I was on my way to the spot too but after I parked the car and was seated within 4 minutes flat it all came to a screeching halt! - I visited the spot with 2 others in which they also saw what I saw and felt awkward for being our first visit and after viewing the same episode on TV. together and venturing from Los Angeles.Here is the stressed out drama that we encountered.We arrived, greeted, seated, handed the menu, offered choices all going smooth with a smile from our server. Our server was "Lisa" she was very nice, very intoned with us and very affected by the experience we and many others were forced to watch while sitting in front of the kitchen/podium area, after placing our order for the same dishes that Guy Fieri featured on 3D we had our beer served up and then boom! "The Stressed Out Drama" - While sipping on our beer we encountered a tall Caucasian cook yelling at another gentlemen on the opposite side about doing their job right but what struck us as weird was watching one of them being handled to a back room because it started to get loud and some cuss words. We later found out that the people involved were the actual owners/partners of the spot, very disappointing to experience for being our first time.After the experience we all decided to leave but your waitress, Lisa talked us down and asked us to stay and apologized for the experience and in seconds brought over our order, and although she seemed bothered about what had happened with them she still gave a wonderful smile.I gave your location a two stars and these are the reasons why:Yes, you have a wonderful The "Banh-Mi" Burger, wonderful Truffle Parmesan Fries w/ Sundried Tomato Aioli & Drizzled Porcini Cream Sauce and a knock out Duroc Pork Belly Steamed Buns with Hoisin BBQ Sauce, would've been better with a Blue Moon beer but you were out that day but all in all, the food was phenomenal, hands down!I gave you the second star because of your server Lisa, she shined like a star 100% when you couldn't.NOTE: to the Owners/Managersmy tiny group and I agree that although you have problems no matter how big, never! bring them to the spot and especially never! demonstrate to your patrons how negative, ignorant and disrespectful you can be towards one another and your employees not to mention the children present. You guys have wonderful food, don't taint it by your actions.I hate doing reviews like this because I know you work hard to be top restaurant in your genre - I attempted to speak with you face to face but that went unanswered. Good Luck in your future ventures.
5	Forget any burger joint you ever been to; transcendental is my experience..my bill was $120 with drinks for three people, gtfoh, i've spent more on a date with me and my wife. OXTAIL CHILIE FRIES will change your life. The burger came i had the wagyu with the fois; i'm 220lbs and i was stuffed i wanted to go home and eat the rest of my burger later; I ordered pork belly sliders also. Decadent was my word for the day. I think about it at least once a month cant wait to relive my experience. If anything i'll order less food but there are so many little edibles to order before you get your burger. Check the reviews on youtube they were rated against the best burger bars in LV and hands down won. Taste, price, atmosphere everything you love about sushi bars, in strip malls, in vegas; great price, a lot of high quality food but with Burgers!
4	I went here with two friends for dinner. The place was pretty casual and relaxed, which was nice!  The food was delicious, and the servers were helpful and knowledgeable about the menu...Some of the items on the menus I had never heard of, and the server cheerfully took the time to explain what those items were, and to help me pick my entree.  The burger and fries I ordered were SOOO GOOD.  The only reason I took off one star is because there was a particularly odd fishy smell throughout the restaurant.  I'm not sure what it was, but it was a little off-putting while my friends and I were trying to eat.
5	Came to Vegas for the weekend and wanted to try a local delicious burger spot! And I sure found one the garlic fries are super good with a hint of ginger ... Was a 40 min wait but it was worth it ! Wish they open one here in the South Bay in Los Angeles ! Hint hint :p
4	This place is pure excellence!  The first time here we ordered 5 different burgers and split them all to share.  It's hard to recommend one particular burger since they all were so good!  But, I can recommend you order a burger with a crunchy element to it.  The crunch really topped it off for me.  That's what set it apart and why we try to always make a stop when we're in Vegas!
5	There burgers are amazing! I've tried three so far! My favorite one is the one with a fried egg and onion rings on it! And there ox tail fries are OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!!!! Saki sangria is delicious! Taste just like a fresh wine and fruit sangria! LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!
4	After seeing all the reviews on Yelp, I figured I'd give this place a try.  I love burgers and was craving something delicious.The restaurant itself was pretty basic. The normal strip mall restaurant in Vegas. It was clean but small.I had the Spicy Miso burger and it was good. I've had better at places like Umami or Plan Check in LA, but it was respectable.  The mix of egg, Angus and the shishito peppers with an apple vinaigrette was well done.  I'd probably go back.Also, they were out of Blue Moon, which I read in another review here...you'd think they'd be able to stock more beer, how hard is that?
3	My friends were raving about this place so I decided to join in and try out this place even though I'm not big on meaty/beefy burgers. I ordered the ronin burger and their Parmesan  truffle fries. The meat was cooked just as requested "medium" and the sauce were tasty and delightful. The buns were soft and sweet and it kind of reminded me of Hawaiian sweet bread/rolls. I liked the caramelized onions but they were too sweet. I am a big fan of truffle French fries but they could do better. Overall I like the place but I find it a bit over price for location and ambiance. I give this joint 3.5 stars
5	Ronin Burger and truffle parmesan sweet potato fries. Amazing. No words to describe! That is all
4	I've been wanting to eat since Guy promoted this place on Diners, Drive In's and Dives over a year ago you can sense my anticipation coming here. The interior decor was simple, yet modern. The ambience was positive. Based on Yelp reviews, I ordered the Ronin burger. My wife ordered the Veggie burger. We also got some edamame, garlic fries and sweet potato fries. The presentation of all of the food was awesome. My burger was good, but all of the ingredients together made the taste uniquely sweet. I expected alot more fire and brimstone. I couldn't help compare this burger to the ones at Umami's, pretty similiar in my book. The garlic fries wasn't too garlicky, pretty mild. The dipping sauce was excellent. Not a big fan of sweet potato fries but my wife enjoyed it.Our server was great and friendly. He made sure to go out of his way to take good care of us. Overall, a hip and unique burger joint. I will definitely try their oxtail chili fries next time!
5	Was recommended to try this place by a friend of mine who is a local.  This place is outstanding!  I'll be coming back here again in the future.Having choices of Wagyu beef for my burger was something I haven't seen since Mastros in Beverly Hills.  I'm starting to notice a trend of people using this more often than Kobe Beef.I had the Miyagi-san burger.  The buns are soft and buttery, the tempura onions were amazing and the egg adds to the flavor presentation.  Side order of Salt and Pepper Garlic Fries and my vice... Thai Tea.I like that they offer the option of adding a patty to their burgers.  While it would be impossible to fit it in your mouth with the leaning tower of ingredients found on this burger, I'm sure that for someone like me who is a protein hog would take advantage of it.
5	I had my usual, the signature BBQ wagyu beef, medium rare with the oxtail fries. Dam Good and satisfying.Very friendly staff as always. My friends enjoyed their Miso Burgers as well. I am glad to say that consistency and improvements are evident. One of my favorite places to bring family and friends from Hawaii. Their favorite is the Shogun that consists of Foie Gra cooked medium rare too.
3	I guess I don't get it?Everything was wholly average. Burgers, service, prices--average. I ordered Kiki's burger--average. Some bites were overly sweet, but the mushrooms added a good savory touch. I had the garlic fries--average. They trick you into thinking you're getting an f-ton of fries and you're getting about a handful.Also, their hostesses kept seating people directly next to us, too, which was kind of irritating considering the restaurant was nearly empty. Twice the other diners asked to be moved so they weren't joining us for our meal.I'd have to be dragged back---to me, it's not worth a revisit.
4	-----SPICY MISO BURGER----------OXTAIL CHILI FRIES-----Did I make it clear enough? I came here again just a couple days ago and tried out a different burger. You can read my previous review to hear about my experience trying out 4 different burgers and 3 different fries. This was my first time ordering the spicy miso burger and it was absolutely delicious. It honestly puts the other burgers to shame as far as flavor goes. A spicy miso sauce that's placed on the patty and the whole thing is topped off with lettuce, onions, sauce, cheese and a fried egg! Seriously, miso and a fried egg? How can you go wrong with that? It was so delicious that from now on that is all that I'm going to order. Also another plus is that Bachi Burger is open so late. They were open until 2am and the last call for food is at 1:45am. Bachi Burger is a must if you are in the Las Vegas area no matter what! **They are also opening one up on West LA for all the socal people!
5	Amazing burgers !  I had the Kiki burger and it was the best tasting burger I've had in my whole life.  The service was excellent. I drove from Arizona, over 90 miles to eat at Bachi Burger and it was worth every mile !
5	Amazing place. Service and food was off the chain!! A  MUST HAVE IS THE FISH BURGER....& THE LAVA CHOCOLATE CAKE...I'll take a picture of it before it's all gone lol. Love this place even with the long waitI had the Emily (the waitress, loveedd her earrings, and she was really courteous, informational & just a complete pleasure) & Ryoji (who periodically filled for water, who btw is complete eye candy)
5	Yikes.Crazy good.  I don't think I've had a burger as good as Father's Office.  But I think I did?  Not sure.Banh Mi Burger was pretty tasty.Miyagi-san was good but mine was a bit dry.  Needed some extra sauce.Pork Belly Buns (great.  still not as fatty good as Momofuku.  but second best pork belly buns)Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries (really good and was enough for 7 people to get a taste.  wish they had a smaller size for two)Everything was delicious.  We waited about 20 minutes on a Thursday night to get seated.  But the food came out quick.Short drive from McCarran airport (so we got our rental car and went straight to Bachi Burger)
4	3.5 stars for the Wagyu Ronin burger and .5 stars for the Oxtail fries.Friend was hypin this place up especially the infamous Oxtail fries.  Ordered it and expected a chunk of oxtail meat on top of the fries but instead, they skimped on the oxtail and it the oxtail was a chili base, so pretty much it tasted exactly like chili cheese fries which did not impress.  Even the fried egg didn't make a difference.  Manager was nice enough to explain the oxtail confusion and gave us an extra plate of the chili based oxtail.To make up for the fries, the Ronnin Wagyu burger was amazing.  All the toppings came together exceptionally well and you can very much taste the difference in the Wagyu beef when compared to your angus beef and what not.Now waiting for a SoCal location to open up.
5	Saw this place on Triple-D and had to check it out while in Vegas. Pretty damn good. The oxtail fries might be a little over rated, but are still pretty good, and there's a ton of them. I had the Banh Mi burger and loved it. The staff was excellent. Everyone was really attentive and very nice.
4	I wouldn't have gone to this place since it's so far from the strip, but my co-workers and I were at a conference for work and wanted something good to eat. One of my co-workers brought this place up. So we all met up and took taxi. It was about a $20 cab ride.. When we got there we had to wait for 15 minutes.. We looked at the menu and there were a lot of things we wanted to try. We started off with Ox Tail Chili Cheese Fries. It was spicy because of the Jalepenos, but it was so good and flavorful!! We also ordered regular fries which was mediocre and shrimp chips that reminded me of my childhood, which was a plus! I ordered a Thai Iced Tea at a burger place. I had better Thai Iced Teas.. Then I ordered a Grass Fed Wagyu Burger which had an egg, bacon, and onion strings! It was so good! I ordered it Medium and it was perfect! It was so juicy and lean.. The only downside about this place that it's far from the strip so we waited almost 2 hours for a cab to pick us up. There are no cabs in the area so who would want to leave the strip when the money maker is on the strip.
3	I ordered some food to go... Had the salt garlic fries which could have use more salt though the aioli sauce did help.  Ordered some of the pork belly buns, came with a spicy hoisin sauce - okay.  It took forever to get our order too, if I hadn't gone back and checked on my order, I probably would have been waiting even longer. Service for to go orders is horrible. Even one of my bun's inner contents fell out when u opened the box... Maybe there more careful for dine ins, I hope.
5	Still in love with Fukuburger, but this place was great. Nice setting delicious food and our server was went above and beyond helping us with our orders.
5	THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!  I was in Vegas and decided to try this place and the burgers are amazing.  I had to go back again before we left Vegas (we never eat the same place twice).  This place is worth it.  I would go back to Vegas just to have these burgers and I am not even a Burger person.
4	This was the first place we stopped in Vegas after we left the airport! Hands down the best burger I ever had in my life! Sorry I forget what the name of it was. But it had an egg on it! The flavor that this burger had was insane! And the perfect squishy fresh roll that housed it was awesome! We also got the Bah mi burger. The flavors in this burger were so intense! It was full of flavor and both were cooked a perfect medium. We also got the fries with pineapple ketchup which were hot and crisp! Also got the belly buns which were fresh and delicious!  The chicken strips were to die for for as well! When I'm in the area again ill def be coming back here!
4	Cool, hip ambiance with nice servers and a great decor. Food was good. The burgers have great texture and strong sauces with a big meaty patty.
5	The rumors are true.  This is THE BEST BURGER I've ever had.  If you've read my past reviews, you know I love trying new burger places.  RIP Holsteins. We took our food to go.  I was underwhelmed by the Oxtail Chilli Cheese Fries, but maybe that's because it was in a togo box?  I'll have to try it when I dine in next time.  And there will definitely be a next time.  The underwhelming fries did not make me lower my 5 star rating.  That is how good the burger is.  Mmmmmmm I'm salivating thinking about it...
4	Well its been almost 2 years since my last visit to Bachi Burger and it still lived up to what I remembered. ..amazing asian style burgers..Every place I had in Chicago always made me crave Bachi Burger..its definitely a go to place when I come to Vegas..Glad its still doing well and hope they can be around for a long time. I Do need to check out their other location next time.
5	We tried the Ronin burger, Miyagi San burger, oxtail fries, Parmesan Fries, and kurobuta sausages. Between four of us, we all tasted the different foods and they were all good. Our server, Daniel was very attentive and explained the difference in the different tasting burgers. The topping to end our meal was a Peanut butter and Chocolate Shake with four straws. Awesome..
4	Every time I come to Bachi, the food always taste great. I love their veggie burger! Yumm! I would give this place five stars if the service gets better. The last time I was here with my friends we got into an argument with the manager. We left the place very upset. But I will still come back for their good food.
5	Hands down the best burger I have EVER had.  I always have a weekly In-N-Out craving, but after having this I was able to not eat fast food for a month.  (Not a joke).But, on to the specifics.  I came here with 3 other people, and I had "Mr. Ho's Burger."  When I first bit into it (and I'm not kidding when I say this), my eyes rolled back like the girl in the Exorcist movies.  Oh man.  There's only one other feeling that's better than this. (I think you know what it is, so that's why I won't say it.  Plus, I might get in trouble for it).  If you're ever in the area, you NEED to try this place.
3	Do you know how to tell if a place is really good? If you leave and find yourself thinking, "I really want to go there again." This wasn't te case with bachi burger. Kiki burger: pretty tasty, had a nice sauce that made the burger stand out. Truffle fries: they were okay, honestly I've tried better fries. Maybe I should have gone with the oxtail chili friesThe wait to sit was like 40 minutes, the wait for the food was about 20-25 I think. Don't come here super hungry. It would probably be better to have a snack first because you can get really grumpy after awhile.Service: our waiter was pretty nice. They let us sit outside even though it seemed like the patio wasn't open. Other people were seated outside too after awhile.The food was pretty good, but not spectacular. I think it's a place that people should try, but not somewhere I would visit often.
4	ox tail fries were amazing, customer service was great, the meat was cooked on point for a medium well done
3	Ate there once with my boyfriend and some friends and just had terrible service. The food was good but our waitress sucked. Unfortunately because of how bAd the service was me and my boyfriend haven't gone back.
5	Better than burger bar... Where else can I get my island taste than with a Burger... First off: Oxtail Fries are a mustSecondly: MIYAGI is my favorite... so much so that I'm scared to try other things because I won't have that favorite burger taste... MUST BRING YOUR FRIENDS
3	My husband and I wanted to try this place out to see what all the hype was about.We went there about a week ago and the wait was about 10 minutes, not so bad. It was definitely smaller than I expected.We ordered the garlic fries which were okay. They weren't soggy which was good. My husband had a make your own burger with an egg, grilled onions, and cheddar and I had the Miyagi burger. The meat was delicious and I would expect it to be so with how much the burgers costed. My burger was actually the first burger I have had that didn't have any cheese on it, but it was still juicy enough to where it still worked out. Our server wasn't really that great. We're not the types to want to be checked up on constantly, but not being checked up doesn't go by unnoticed. When my husband got his drink there was a piece of mint or some type of green leaf in it which was big enough to where I don't know how the server didn't see it if he was paying any attention. The price for our two burgers, two fries, and a soft drink came out to being about $50 before tip. All in all, the place was okay, and not great. It wasn't a place where I knew right away I would be coming back very soon and especially for the price, I didn't feel it was worth it. The meat was good, but I feel like it's only better in your head because you know the beef is grass fed beef. I can definitely eat at different burger joints without missing this place or thinking about it in the back of my head.
5	Do not let the pretentious look and vibe fool you.  This place has great food.  And unlike what I've heard from other reviewers, the staff is friendly and willing to help in whatever way necessary.  They'll cook it however you want it.  They'll add items or hold items if you want.  They will go out of their way to make your experience great.Everything we had was amazing.  The shrimp chips and truffle fries were great.  Everyone had a different burger - all were outstanding.  Even my 5-year-old's kids plain cheeseburger was great.  One caveat...  If you're anything like my wife and aren't an adventurist eater, stick to the "build your own burger."  You'll get a great burger made how you want it and you won't be disappointed.If you're in the area, stop by.  I'm sure you'll love it.
4	One of my favorite burgers ever. This place was pretty busy when we got there. I wish they were on OpenTable.  We also got Pork Belly buns which were good but small.  The service was mediocre at best and a couple people I was with got burgers that were either cold and not as they were on the menu.
5	Update: went back with the husband this time. Still such a great place. We pretty much ordered the same burgers I reviewed. This time I tried the oxtail chili fries app. AWESOME! Fried egg yet again. Their oxtail chili was really good. Wish they put more on. Definitely a place I hit up everytime I'm in town. :)
5	Exellent, very creative burgers. Food is unique and tasty. I had the fish burger and oxtail chili cheese fries it was good! Service was also good. I can't wait to come back and try something different :)
5	Lots of hype around this place, and I can see why.I came here last night to eat with some friends (ok more than a few...there were like 20 of us), and I was pleasantly surprised. We were all able to be seated, but I don't know how long the rest of the group was waiting to be seated, and I'm not sure if they made prior arrangements or whatever. (I don't know that this is really the best place for large groups though...the restaurant isn't that big). With such a big group, I thought we would be there forever waiting for food and everything. Not so...the staff were very friendly and everything was a lot faster than I thought it would be. I was actually pretty impressed with the speed. The staff were very attentive, and they joked around with us. Also, not once were our water glasses empty, which I really appreciated.Anyhow, the food (which is why anybody is reading this review anyhow)...Oxtail chili cheese fries...fantastic! If you've never had oxtail, the meat is really tender and juicy, so it definitely adds a new dimension to chili fries. They also put an egg on it. Also, it's huge so consider sharing it.I ordered the black and green burger and it was delicious! You can definitely taste the quality meat in it. the combination of ingredients was quite superb. I guess it's a fancy burger, and for a burger it is pricey, but I think it's worth it, at least once in a while. Definitely something unique.I was quite satisfied, and had a great experience. :)
5	Went here on my last Vegas trip. I had The Miyagi-san burger which was very delicious. Also tried the Truffle Parmesan Fries they were soooo good. Definitely coming back to this place on my next Vegas trip.
5	WOW! WOW!! WOW!!!!  Be sure to order the OXTAIL CHILI FRIES!! Just FRICKIN INCREDIABLE!!!!!! After the fries you might want to share a burger~ IF you both can agree on which one to order. The Kieki is my FAV!!!   On the other end of desire~ the hot crab & cauliflower dip is a HUGE disappointment BLEH, BLEH, BLEH!!!   Service is ALWAYS GREAT & every server we have had is helpful & very polite.   This is a MUST STOP however go to often and you won't fit thru the door to get in~
5	man ol man gotta have it!!!! soooooo goood
5	from out of town and have heard about this place from friends. We stopped by on a Saturday afternoon and there was an hour wait. We could not wait because we had plans. We returned Sunday evening for dinner and got seated right away. My table had the stir fried edamame with garlic, chili, and ginger. yummm! We also had a miyagi-san, green and blue burger, and kalbi burger. They were all fabulous! The truffle parkesan fries are addicting!
4	The Kalbi burger. YUM. Good sized portion. Kim chee goes well with it.Get here a bit early because the place does get a line. Definitely not on the strip but it is worth the drive though.
5	yummy yummy yummythey need to open a location in san diego.i had the kalbi burger.  tasted like mom's food served between two yummy buns.the oxtail french fry thing was to die for.
5	boyfriends family took us to dinner here since we were in town and we are sooooo obsessed! We are already planning to go back when in town again!! We started with the oxtail chili cheese fries, truffle fries and onion rings! OMG! delicious! I swear the best truffle fries I have ever had cause they glazed the top with the oil too! I had the Kalbi burger and the fam had the miso, black and green, and the bahn mi burgermy burger was korean bbq goodness, with the kimchi and everything! A must try! I had a bite of all the burgers on the table and was not disappointed. Ended with the lava cake for dessert and that also was delish! order it when you order the burgers as it take about 20-25 min to make =)definitely cannot wait to try the other locations (since they have different menus)Loveee this place!
5	We went twice in two days, so...yeah. Somehow, my mom conned me into sharing with her both nights so that she could order wimpy non-burgers and feel cute and semi-virtuous while chomping down on half of my tasty meat creations.Visit #1 Miyagi-san Burger - Chili Mayo, Fried Egg, Furikake, Caramelized Bacon, Onion Rings - I love all these things, especially egg, on my burgers. Yes, I love egg even more than bacon. Everything together was...well, it's turning my mouth on just thinking about it. So good. So very, very good.Peking Duck Buns - Ordered without cilantro - The egg was a nice touch, but  eh, give me real peking duck at a Chinese restaurant.Truffle Parmesan Fries - Love the black truffle porcini cream. I could do without the sun dried tomato aioli, though. Just give my heathen self regular ketchup.Going again the next night was actually not my idea, but I had no objections.Visit #2Kiki's Burger - Shiitake, Enoki, & Eryngii Mushrooms, Caramelized Bacon, Gruyere, Garlic Chili Aioli - I love mushrooms and cheese, so I thought I might like this more than the Miyagi-san. It was fantastic, but the Miyagi-san was way better.Pork Belly Steamed Buns - Again, ordered without cilantro - Honestly, I know it's trendy, but I am just not into ordering these Chinese bun items at restaurants. I can slap this together at home in about 30 seconds. Exactly like the duck buns but with pork (duh). If you live in a place where you can't get Chinese pork belly I guess this would be exciting.Salted Caramel Shake - I had sort of wanted to have this the night before and decided the second visit was a sign for me to get it. It was very good but unsurprisingly very heavy. In all honesty, I shouldn't have ordered this. It was overkill.More Truffle Parmesan Fries!Because we went pretty late at night, there was no wait. Service was okay. In my crosshairs for future visits are the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries (several eaters needed) and Shogun Burger (Foie Gras my love!). Highly recommended.
3	I was really excited to stop by and check out batchi burger. After a long night drinking I was craving something substantial.  Unfortunately for me batchi bueger didnt live up to the hype.The staff was really nice and accommodating.  I appreciated our servers input and attentiveness.  We started off with the pork belly steamed buns. I enjoyed them they were something out of the ordinary and I dont usuall like pork belly. I would recommend you try them especially if you like pork belly.I also ordered the truffle parmesean fries and the mr miyagi burger. The fries were just ok for me they were cooked well. I enjoyed the parmesan but I really didnt care for the brown sauce I believe it was a truffle sauce. The mr miyagi burger was just ok for me as well. It had way too many sauces and seasonings. You can tell its quality ingredients I feel there is no need to mask the burger in all that sauce. Even though batchi burger is off of the strip you wouldn't know that by looking at the price of theFood.I would still recommend you check out batchi burger, but it was nothing exceptional and I dont plan on comming back.
4	Yummy!  Had the Banh Mi Burger.  it was a teriyaki burger with vietnamese dipping sauce (fish sauce) with turnip and carrot (vietnamese salad) on the side.  The Mr Ho burger was a hamburger made with lup cheong.  I think the banh mi was better.  The truffle fries were just ok.I gave this place 4 stars was the wait help and hostess could have been friendlier.  When we visit Vegas again, we'll surely go back to try other dishes.
3	Really good food, service was okay. A little on the pricey side, and as good as the good is, I'm not sure it's worth the food to price ratio. Worth experiencing a few times, a good change from the norm aswell but that's about it.
4	Went for the first time and the food was simply amazing. I ordered the Mr. HO's burger and it was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The only problem I had while here was the wait for our food. But that could also show how everything is cooked fresh to order. Will be coming back and would definitely recommend.
4	Right portion. Delicious. Great place for friends and family. Not too noisy and has good vibes. Would definitely go there again.
4	AMAZING burger.  The kimchi burger, that first bite was FREAKIN amazing.  My burger with the egg and fried onions on top was not as good- DEFINITELY get the kimchi burger- it sounds weird, but it was delicious!!!!  It's the most unique (and best tasting) burger on the menu I think.I actually ordered the pork buns which were disappointing for dinner, and after taking a bite of my friend's, decided to order a burger.  The pork for the pork buns was not cooked well, was super fatty (not as meaty), I would not get this again. The oxtail chili fries were good, but nothing extraordinary (couldn't taste the difference between oxtail and another meat), a nice way to start off the meal!The Kimchi Burger- the flavor of the kimchi, plus the meat, with a slight sweetness, was soooo good, a MUST GET!!!
5	Went here for the first time the other day. Was pleasantly surprised at how tasty everything was!Oxtail fries - crispy thin cut fries with a huge helping of oxtail toppings with an egg on top! Tasty!Miyagi-san Burger - Burger was a little sweet from the seasoning. My fav burgerShogun Burger - Intense! Fois topped burger + unagi as well. A lot going on!Kiki's Burger - Mushrooms in the burger. Came out a little too earthy for my tastesWalked out STUFFED!
5	This taste sooo damn good!!!
4	Your cab driver will very likely get lost on the way here, but it's worth the drive. It's also almost worth the wait, as well - if you get there early enough, and you can beat the lines, then I'd call it one of the best affordable places to eat in Vegas, period.I decided to forgo future health and wellness by going all-in on the infamous Shogun Burger, with the foie, unagi, nashi, and miso butter.It was so, so rich, and I felt so, so awful when I was done. But when I was eating I had to constantly stifle my laughing, because I was so blissfully happy that I was eating something so horrifically terrible for me. I felt the juices from the foie and beef running down my face and fingers, and I couldn't have cared less. It was all so very right.But even better than there were the oxtail chili fries. It came with an egg, because fuck cholesterol, amirite? So good.
5	Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries 5/5These fries were a ridiculous combo. Ive never had a broken egg on top of fries but this worked out very well. It didnt completely sog the fries as long as you at em fast enough. Ive usually had carne asada or pollo on top of fries so the oxtail meat was refreshing.Truffle Parmesan Fries 5/5This is easily one of the best truffle parmesan fries ive ever had. Generous servings with a good truffle aroma sprinkled with parmesan. the Chili dip was a good complement as well but you dont even have to use that for these fries to taste goodRonin Burger 5/5Im a sucker for onion rings or grilled onions on a burger so this was a easy choice for me. The katsu bbq sauce made the burger irresistable not to mention the meat was prepared well. I ordered the angus beef medium rare I highly recommended anyone in the area to come eat at this place!
4	I'd def go back to eat their bachi fish burger. It was great and so tasty. Lightly grilled juicy fish was Japanese seasonings. We also got the veggie burger which was ok. It was good for a veggie burger. It was different and had a little Indian type taste. Were pescatarians so ...I would get the truffle fries again as well.
3	Very SLOW service and they won't seat you until your whole party has arrived due to the limited amount of tables. It's very pricey and when I asked if I could substitute for fries instead of onion rings that came with my burger they said no. Burger was delicious but not worth $10 especially with no enjoyable side. Might try the Sahara location  but I don't plan on coming back to this one.
5	Best burger joint ever! Customer service was fantastic!!! Can't get over how great the food was. If you go I recommend getting the Oxtail Chilli Cheese Fries! I could eat those for the rest of my life..
4	This was my second visit to Bachi Burger on the way to the LV strip. Delicious, creative burgers.  I ordered the spicy miso and the parmesan truffle fries. The fries were honestly some of the best I've ever tasted.   The combination was great,  the food was well prepared and service was friendly. Will definitely go back in the future to try different burgers.
4	BACHI BURGERSaw this place featured on Triple D, and when I heard it was burgers with an Asian twist, I was sold, and I made it my mission to try this place if I was ever in Sin City!!! It didn't disappoint, as the burgers were absolutely delicious! The oxtail chili fries are a must-have and all the burgers were yummy, exotic, and had a nice Asian Fusion twist to them to make them stand out from your average American hamburger. Come with your appetite, as the fries alone will fill your stomach!
5	I make a stop at  Bachi Burger whenever I am in Vegas, even when it's a matter of hours and not days. I am still in love  with the Pork Belly Steamed Buns, but my go- to burger lately has been the Ronin. They renovated the inside and it looks great, much more inviting. The drinks are always interesting and delicious, it's never the standard fare here. I really appreciate that, because who wants to pay for a meal that they can make at home? I can make a cheeseburger, however an Angus Beef burger patty with Caramelized Onions, Japanese Cole Slaw, Miso Goma Dressing, Fried Egg, Katsu BBQ, and Yuzu Citrus Aioli is not as easily done. So the Ronin is a delicious meal that I highly recommend. I always leave Bachi Burger full and happy.
5	YOU NEED TO STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND GET YOUR ASS OVER HERE. I admit I saw this place on "diners, drive-ins, and dives" BUT as annoying as I find Guy Fieri, the Food Network comes up with awesome places for him to review. This place is no exception.The oxtail chili cheese fries are to die for. Seriously, what can be better than a delicious oxtail stew smothering perfectly crisp fries? A FRIED EGG. I can't really say anything else. I'm still salivating. The steam buns with pork belly were very good, not great. Don't get me wrong, they were very tasty, but the pork belly was a little dry and the fat was chewy - it didn't melt in your mouth.We ordered a Mr. Ho burger which comes with a taro bun! A TARO BUN! It actually tastes like taro! Surprisingly delicious! The kimchi burger was perfectly cooked. The kimchi was delicious, and the pickled cucumbers were super authentic. Oooohhh! I almost forgot they have angry orchard ON TAP! And they have a fireball angry orchard cocktail. Yeah, I know - pretty perfect. Honestly, nothing I say can give you the experience of eating great food, with perfect music, a super friendly staff and epic urban graffiti decor. just come here!
5	Coming from California, we have a lot of great burger places.  Being a fan of burgers, my sister, her friend and I decided to try out this place.  We're glad we decided to eat at Bachi Burger vs. pigging out at one of the buffets.  Why, you ask?  Because I dare to say (and a friend of mine will agree it is a bold statement) that if there is a Bachi Burger put in Los Angeles, this place will easily knock out my Number One burger spot!We got the ox tail chili fries and the truffle parmesan sweet potato fries.  Hoo Lee S***!  The truffle sauce and tomato aioli on the sweet potato fries are fantastic, and the chili fries are amazing!  I needed to look for my mama because I needed to slap her; yes it's that good!  And we didn't even get our burgers yet!  The red velvet shake was good, but was not something that stood out (maybe because I was having a food orgasm with the truffle fries!)The burgers were just as mind blowing.  I got the Miyagi-San burger that has a Wagyu beef patty, onion rings, fried egg, Furikake infused bacon and chili mayo.  Our friend got the Mr. Ho burger, with Angus beef, green onion, cilantro ginger, Hoisin mayo, Lup Cheng, Mizuna and mushrooms... ON A TARO BUN!!!  My sister got the Ronin that has Angus beef with caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, fried egg, Katsu BBQ, Miso Goma dressing,  and Yuzu citrus aioli.ALL THREE BURGERS WERE FANTASTIC!!!I almost needed to look for my dad now and slap him too, it's THAT good!!!I must say we will now be coming to this burger place every time we visit Vegas.  As I finish up writing this review I realize I didnt get to critique the asthetics of the restaurant itself.  WHO CARES!?  If you are reading this and are in the Vegas area, get your rear to Bachi Burger and grab some bomb a** food!!!
5	Fancy, tasty burgers and sides and drinks! What more can you ask for? Def a place to grab lunch before the long trek back to LA.Though the Foie burger could do without the unagi. Though I normally LOVE unagi, it did nothing to the sandwich beside made me more stuffed and cost me more money.
4	Went here last year, everything was really yummy. My Toronto BBF recommended it and it was no mistake!The truffle fries were sooo good. The drinks menu was extensive.Excellent music!What was interesting when looking at their menu and their decor, was that the owner is from Hawaii! Cool! Extra points for that! :)Recommend!!
4	What??  I haven't written a review for Bachi yet either?Their bread makes the burger. Of course, their meats are top notch, and the toppings are creative.  But the bread.  Oh, it's perfect!The oxtail chili fries... Must get.  And, their green ice tea has free refills.  And it's tasty.  Writing this makes me want to go back to Vegas!
4	The first thing you notice when you get here is that the parking lot smells of awesome grilled burger! And it only got better from there!Our burger was amazing. I didn't get the fried egg on top, because we weren't incredibly hungry, but how awesome is it that you could get one on top!We got the Kalbi burger and couldn't have been happier. The only thing that we weren't super happy with was the shishito peppers, we added them to the burger and couldn't tell that they were there. We should have ordered it on the side.Since we didn't get the burger with the egg on it, we did get the Oxtail Chili Fries with the egg on top. It was really really good. The chili could have been a touch more flavorful, but overall it was super yummy!We will definitely come back here the next time we are in Vegas, and you should too!
5	Made a purposeful lunch stop here as part of a long drive after seeing it on Diners Drive-ins and Dives and it was absolutely worth it!  Got the Bahn-Mi Burger and Kiki's Burger and they were both delicious.  The beef/pork/shrimp patty oh the Bahn-Mi burger was awesome and house-made fish sauce - so good!!!  Perfect balance of tangy and sweet.  I couldn't get enough of it.  Kiki's Burger was really good as well and the caramelized bacon and onion compote added a whole other degree of flavor to the burger.  May be too sweet for some people, but I loved it.  Both burgers were cooked perfectly medium and I'm sure would have been delicious on their own, but the different toppings on each made them out of this world.  I haven't attempted to get a burger since eating here because I know it won't compare.  Didn't get the oxtail chili fries or the BBQ pork buns from other reviews because we were so focused on the burgers but saw other people getting them and  they looked delicious - will have to try next time.  Definitely check out if you're in the Vegas area!
3	My friend had been raving about this place and how we just had to try it. It's way off the strip, about 5 miles so make sure you're willing to drive or take a cab. I heard it was also on one of those food network shows so it's getting more popular by the minute. When we got there around 1pm on a Saturday afternoon, there were groups of people chilling in the parking lot. I was prepared to wait a little bit but it was kinda insane, since we ended waiting probably about an hour and a half. We had a larger party of 6. So maybe that's the reason. But this place is not very big. They also advertised another location but not sure where that one is located. I def recommend smaller groups visiting or coming right when it opens to avoid the tortuous wait. Anyways finally was seated and got to order. Food takes about 15-20 minutes to come out so I recommend getting fries to tide you over. Unfortunately I didn't get a say and someone said yeah, bring everything at one time (instead of staggered or when ready). So I continued to starve a little longer (given it was almost like 3pm now and I had not eaten since dinner/5pm the previous day). This was a bad idea as I proceeded to scarf down my food super fast when it came to the table and my stomach was not feeling all that great about halfway through my burger. At least that's what I choose to believe over something was wrong with the food (ie contaminated or worse). I tried the Kiki's burger with mushrooms, onions, bacon and cheese. It was pretty darn good. And this is really an eat your burger with a fork and knife kind of place. Yeah the burgers are huge. Not sure how I could fit that thing into my mouth. As for the sides, for our big group we tried the oxtail chili cheese fries and the truffle fries. I love oxtail but was a little disappointed with these fries because I couldn't really taste the oxtail in it. It really just tasted like regular chili cheese fries to me but with an egg on top that made it slightly better. Since it was split up between a bunch of it, I only got to have a little bit so I may have to give it another try next time I'm in town. The truffle fries were really good though and I liked the truffle sauce they have on top. Didn't care too much for the sauce on the side - it's not totally needed IMO. Overall a pretty pricey meal. Burgers start at $10 and go up including the $26 fois gras burger. And the chilli cheese fries were like $11 with the truffle fries at about $4. My share with the gratuity charge they tack on with large groups was $20. Good thing I can only come every once in a while when I'm in Vegas. So many good burger combinations to try.
5	I had the miyagi-san burger and it was to die for! Not only was it bursting with flavor, it was cooked fantastically.  I'm usually disappointed with medium-well burgers, but this one is going on my top 5. My roommates and I woke up talking about when we are going again. Our new burger place!
3	Bachi Burger is always on my list of places to go when I am in Vegas. Went around 10pm on Saturday and of course we had to wait, that is never a problem since the food is always so good. Once we were seated, our server came pretty quickly and was nice. That was the best part of our terrible service! Our server took about 10 minutes to bring our strawberry lemonade to the table and after waiting over 20 to 25 minutes, we received our food but never received out appetizer. When we mentioned it to our server, he said that he would get it put in right away. We opted not to get it anymore as we had seen many other tables that came in after us receive multiple things before we received anything. Our server looked as if he was on drugs, very jittery as he attempted to show us his pad of paper showing us our order and saying it was not his fault. Mid way through our meal, we ordered food to go, we sat and waited for over 20 minutes and finally was approached asking if we have received our food. I proceeded to tell the other server that we were waiting for our to-go order. As he walked away, I saw him go up to the register area and find that our to-go order had been sitting in the counter. I could not believe how terrible the service was at Bachi burger! The food is always good, but I felt like the server should never have been serving people food! He made mistakes on every single table he was helping in our area and instead of apologizing, he made excuses!
5	I cannot wait for Bachi Burger to open its doors in southern California!The burgers are delicious and the oxtail chilli fries hit the spot.  Surprisingly, my favorite was their bloody mary.  So much flavor and the perfect way to end a Vegas trip.
5	This place is as trendy and hipster as a burger place can get. For wait times, I usually come in on weekend nights and I'm almost immediately seated.The waiters are top notch, they have good knowledge of their food, what's the best selling, refills on water, and the normal checking up.I usually order the ronin burger. It has angus beef, caramelized onions, japanese cole slaw, mis goma dressing, fried egg, katsu bbq, and yuzu citrus aioli aka just a bomb selection of ingredients. I've tried most of their menu but I feel like this is probably one of the best ones. Taking a bite out it the  yolk immediately oozes out and creates a secondary spreading on the burger making it even more juicy ^^. . This burger was definitely a 5/5.And with any of their orders I always get their truffle parmesan fries, it is always consistent and I never had a bad batch of fries from them. Fries are also a 5/5. Not too greasy, and has the right amount of parmesan.If I could change anything about the food is I wish they could give more sauce! It last only half the meal, and the charge for more :/ . If you're anywhere in Vegas, I definitely recommend this place!
5	The Ronin Burger was one of the best I've ever had.  Combined with the Ox Tail fries, and you get a pretty ideal American meal.
5	Finally made it to this place last month after many trips to Vegas.  It was excellent.  My husband swears this is the first burger ever he has never had to put anything else on it, i.e,. ketchup, mayo, etc.  He loved it.  Since then he compares all other burger places with this one and none compares.  He had the Miyagi Burger.  Wanted to try to oxtail chili fries but decided to just savor the burgers first and expand on our tasting later.  We will definitely be back!
4	Kalbi burger is my favorite, kimchi and burger goes so well together! I'd give this place a 5 star but the price had gone up too much, dislike.
5	We love this place for all the unique flavors you get in their burgers.  In addition, the staff is always friendly and attentive.  A must try if you're a foodie
2	2nd visit.   It is okay.  Got a burnt waygu beef Burger... They tried cover it up with loads of sauce which made the soggy.  Service is average, I went on weekday evening time so there was no line.  I wouldn't go again anytime soon.
5	I LOVE burgers, but after having bachi, it'll change your perspective and have you saying, "I LOVE BACHI!" Trust me, it's like that.
1	Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.Wait time: Always a waitAmbiance: Not laid out well. You are sitting in a row of 50 other people eating 2 feet next to you. It feels like a school cafeteria. Last time we came they were going through a remodel. Maybe they added a few barstools.Food:Fries brought out 15 min before the burger. They were soggy when they brought them out. Ordered the burgers medium/well because my girlfriend just recently had food poisoning so we didnt want to take any chances. Both of our burgers came out COMPLETElY RARE on the inside. Its was seriously cold uncooked meat in both of our burgers. Staff: This is the absolute most horrible part about our experience. I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off. We first sat at a table and after no one saying a word to us for 5 minutes, we decided to move to the bar in hopes of getting some service. Sat at the bar for another 5 minutes until a gentlemen named John who I later found out was the manager came up to us asking if we needed anything.  I answered "yes we have not been helped yet, we're ready to order". This guy gives me the most blank stare like he was stoned out of his mind and says "ok one second". He proceeds to go behind behind the bar and walks over to this kid with  mo-hawk like hair who's busy making drinks and points at us while telling him something. The mo-hawk guy shrugs his shoulders and the manager walks away. A few moments later a girl with blonde hair comes over an takes our order. Fries come out first. Soggy and not good. We look around for the waitress or manager who are both nowhere to be found to send the fries back. Here comes the most crazy thing I have ever seen in a restaurant in my life. The manager walks behind the bar, grabs a bottle of Fireball Whisky, and pours 2 shots in to shot glasses. He taps the mo-hawk guy on the shoulder, hands him a shot very sneaky like and starts walking towards my girlfriend and I. Right when I was about to open my mouth to say something about the fries he bends down right in front of us pretending to tie his shoe or something and takes the shot. He literally stands up with the most disgusted look on his face (as all people have when doing fireball). My girlfriend and I both sat there with our mouths dropped open. He knew instantly that he was busted. (stealing alcohol and drinking while "managing") He disappeared in the back room and the mo-hawk guy went back to making drinks. Our burgers came out a few minutes later. We both checked to make sure the burgers were plenty cooked. Cold rare meat. They were slightly seared on the outside. I figured The girl didnt hear me right and rang them up as medium/rare on accident. When she came by the bar I flagged her down showing her the burger and the uncooked meat. She asks us if we want the burgers remade. I said politely to her "no thank you, we've actually been having a really bad experience. Nothing to do with you." Her only answer to that statement was "OK" then she walked away as if she was upset for some reason? I didnt know what that meant so I sat there for another minute when she came back to the bar and says to me "Well I checked the order and I put it in medium/well how you asked. Sorry you didnt like it". She then drops the check on the counter and walks away. I was very surprised that she not only brought me the check for food that we didnt take one bite of, but she didnt even bring a manager out or address our concerns. I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar. The blonde stared at me and looked at another server who said to her "John" implying that he was well aware of John drinking on the job. They told me that he was the only manager there but the nice male server agreed with me that I shouldnt have to talk to a drunk manager about my issues. He gave me the name of the owner "Aaron" and let them know I was not paying for food I didnt eat and I wanted to talk to the owner tomorrow to let him know about my experience. I could show him all the problems with his restaurant starting with his so called "manager" who stands around doing shots instead of trying to help the business flow better. This place needs to go on bar rescue. I hope the owner sees this and does something about it. He needs to get some real staff in there with rules and that know a thing or two about customer service.
5	Awesome!!!!!  Our server, Dan, was great... he went through the menu with us and had great suggestions depending on our likes.... he did not do us wrong!!!!  We started with the ox tail fries.... delicious!  I was surprised at how sweet the meat was, but the spicy from the peppers and onions was a great counter to the sweetness... I had the miyagi-san burger, and it was maybe one of the best burgers i have ever had!!!!  My boyfriend ordered the spicy miso burger, that too was pretty great!I will def. be coming back!
5	I was looking for a simple, casual, dinner in Vegas and this place was perfect.  It is located in a strip mall with plenty of parking.  We came around 6:30pm on Saturday and we didn't have to wait.  It is a little difficult to find because the sign blends into the building.  The service was great and place was clean.  The food was awesome, quite possibly one of the best burgers I have had.  I recommend the Spicy Miso burger.  The Oxtail Tail fries were awesome.  Who knew that a fried egg on top of the fries would be oh so good.  Loved this place!  I hope they open a branch in LA one day!
5	Mmm. My kaki burger was divine. Excellent quality and flavor. I would definitely return. The onion rings were more like tempura...pineapple ketchup is pretty tasty with.
5	awesome oxtail frys. All my friends are hooked now. Had the kimchi burger which is amazing as well.
5	Wagyu Burger is phenomenal.  Plantation style iced tea is the best!
2	Awesome food. Horrible service.Our server took 12 minutes to greet our table only because I asked a server where our sever was.  This is coming from a table of three- all of whom work in this industry. Lucky their product is good, but worth the wait ? No. Server was nice but never apologized for the wait time nor checked on us after the food came out. Nothing was done in a timely manner, if it was done.
4	So this place amuses me. Why? Because the burgers here, are outstanding. I mean outstanding. There's a good chance you'll come, eat a burger and decide that it's one of the best burgers you've ever had. Among your top 10 even top 5. This is how I feel about the burgers. Everything else on the menu? Craptastic. I mean, just garbage. The coffee taste like water, their cocktail barely had liquor in it, the dessert like some supermarket bought concoction, it just goes on. So just don't order anything else but the burger.
5	This was my first time at Bachi Burger and I will definitely be back. I work in the evenings and by the time I'm off, most places are closed so I'm extremely happy to have found another late night place I can enjoy dinner at.The Miyagi San burger was amazing. Hands down the best burger I've ever had. We also ordered a side of fries with the pineapple ketchup which were good as well. The portions were great and filling.On top of that the service and management were wonderful.Can't wait for my next experience here.
5	One of my favorite burger restaurants in Vegas! They have all sorts of burgers (my personal favorite is the turkey burger) including options for vegetarians that are amazing as well. Love their truffle fries and they have a lot of varieties of boba tea as well. Perhaps the most shocking part of the whole experience is that it is moderately priced. They could easily charge way more for their food and keep it pretty reasonable. Service is always great as well. Highly recommend this restaurant!
4	This is our first Triple Ds joint and it did not disappoint. Great food and good service. Oxtail chili cheese fries- sweet, and savory oxtail goes really well with the crunchy texture of the fries.  Grilled Kurobuta & Arabiki Sausage- it was just ok. Pork Belly Steamed Buns- although pretty fatty looking but it just melts in your mouth, the hoisin dipping sauce is too salty for my taste, should be more on a sweeter side. The Miyagi-san's Grass-Fed Wagyu Burger- very good, soft and light sweet buns compliments the burger perfectly. Shogun burger- a monster burger with foie gras, unagi, and pear. Overall a very good restaurant, will definitely come back to try their other stuff on their menu.
5	To put bluntly, if you're a burger lover, you will absolutely appreciate all the work that goes into the making of this over-the-top, eccentric, amazing menu.I went to the Windmill location with my husband and mother-in-law, and we had been looking forward to this since seeing Bachi on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives.  I already knew everything we were going to order: the steamed buns, oxtail fries, and lots and lots of burgers.  I swear I wanted to order every burger on the menu (and I thought I could honestly eat every single one because I'm currently pregnant).The wait: We were told there would be a 40-45 minute wait (lunch rush, totally understandable), and we had nothing else to do, so we sat. We waited maybe 30 minutes before being seated.The service: We had great service.  The waitstaff were attentive even though it was crazy nutjob busy.The food: We ordered the following -- (1) pork belly steamed buns: AMAZEballs!  I'm not a big pork belly fan, but the sauce on the side and the crisp radish in the buns make it a great appetizer.  It comes in a plate of 3, so we each had one. A fabulous amuse-bouche.  (2) oxtail chili cheese fries: very yummy!  Thin, McDonalds-like fries doused in chili beans, garlic aioli, oxtail and cheese. A huge serving -- you can easily share with 4-5 people. (3) Miyagi San burger, (4) Kiki's Burger, (5) Shogun burger. Note: The Shogun burger is no joke.  A $26 burger touting amazing high quality ingredients like wagyu beef, unagi, foie gras, and a bunch of stuff I can't remember. It was incredible.  Foodies will delight, just as we did, I'm sure!Drinks:  Make sure to ask which drinks have free refills and which don't.  The lemonade, for example, is fresh pressed and you order each separately.All in all, 3 burgers, the steamed buns, oxtail fries, a large Asahi beer and 3 lemonades cost us $100.  Which, for Vegas, isn't bad in my opinion.I can't wait for their Santa Monica location to open up in January.  This could be dangerous.
4	Still good in my book but I realized that some of the burgers are a bit off (so down to 4 stars).We had the Mr. Miyagi (needed some sort of sauce)Banh Mi is still my favorite.
4	OK so we're in Vegas for Thanksgiving & while watching TV on the Top Ten best Burgers in the US #7 is in Vegas. So I'm Like "Let's go" :D of course because its on TV it has to be good... Right??? OMG Bachi Burger became our #1 burger spot every time we're in Vegas...
3	This place is located about 10-15 minutes off the strip, so it can be a bit inconvenient, especially since I hate driving when I'm in Vegas.Parking wasn't difficult to find since the lot is pretty big. It may be difficult to find a spot close to the restaurant though.The wait was about an hour long. My friends couldn't wait so they went to Subway to grab some food before eating lunch.I thought that the truffle fries were amazing, probably my favorite! I ordered the Ronin burger. The yuzu sauce created a good balance for the burger, but at the same time, I didn't think that they complemented that well.I think that this place is just average. I wouldn't come back here if I'm in Vegas.
4	The burgers here do not disappoint! It was about a 30 minute wait to get seated even after the lunch rush. I ordered the Kiki's burger, which is perfect for mushroom lovers. They also allow you to add lettuce to it for free. The angus beef was juicy, and paired perfectly with the garlic aioli. This aioli is on the side so you can add as much as you want.I also tried their oxtail chile cheese fries and their pork belly steamed buns. Both were decent but nothing special.. The burgers here are definitely their best menu items!
3	Oh Bachi, how I've longed to come visit you. After a long wait, my family and I gorged on a wide selection of their menu. We ordered the pickled vegetables, oxtail fries, Spicy Miso Burger, Kiki's Burger and Kalbi's burger.Despite many raving reviews, I personally did not care for the Oxtail Fries. It was like chili over a bed of fries .. and the oxtail did not add much flavor, even the egg yolk (which was very minimal) did not wow me. I expected a lot more punch but it just tasted like chili over fries. If you didn't tell me there were oxtail in it, I wouldn't have known. For nearly $11, I was super disappointed. Out of all the burgers we tried, I LOVED the Spicy Miso Burger. It was so good, mouth-watering as I reminisce the burger. Delicious combination with the egg in it this time, and a wonderful flavor with the spiciness and miso-sauce. The burger was cooked to perfection at medium, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I would rank Spicy Miso, Kalbi (the Kim Chee was alright. nothing too spectacular since I've had much better Kim Chee but there was a lot of flavor in every bite) and then the Kiki's We randomly tried the pickled vegetables (see picture attached) and it wasn't anything special. It was good though, just very dainty. The reason for the 3 stars as opposed to 4 is because I've had a lot of these different wacky speciality burgers and I only thought the Spicy Miso burger was worth the price. The food didn't wow me to the point where I would necessarily come here again because there's just SO MUCH more places to visit in Vegas!
2	The hostess was extremely rude and told us that if we didn't want to wait, we can just leave. We were quotes a wait time of 45 mins but waited for 1.5 hr. Very rude service!!!
5	I'd have to say that Bachi Burger did a superb job of bringing Asian flavors into the typical American burger.  The buns and meat that Bachi Burger uses both have a distinct flavor to them that you could taste in every single one of the four burgers that I got a chance to taste.  It was very interesting to experience how the different toppings from the different burgers enhanced the inherent flavor of the meat and buns.  The four burgers we got were the kalbi, miyagi-san, kiki, and spicy miso.  Of the four, I thought that the kalbi and miyagi-san tasted the best, but that doesn't mean that I didn't enjoy the kiki and spicy miso as well.  The oxtail chili cheese fries were absolutely amazing as well.  These fries tasted less greasy than normal fries, and had a little bit of a sweetness to them that you don't normally get from normal chili cheese fries.  I'm not a truffle fries connoisseur, but the truffle fries here tasted pretty much the same as they did at other places that I've had truffle fries. Bottom line: Bachi Burger is the end game to what all asian fusion restaurants aspire to.
5	I can't get enough of this place and let me explain why they deserve 5 stars!Bachi Burger serves you the gourmet burger experience without the strip prices!I can personally vouch for The Crusty Crab sandwich and the Ronin Burger. Both burgers are extremely filling by themselves and each have their own unique Asian flair.You don't even have to be a fan of seafood or crab meat to enjoy what  The Crusty Crab has to offer. It's a great burger that doesn't have over powering flavor. Both the chutney and tartar sauce compliment the burger well.The Ronin, where to begin... I love the fried egg and the angus beef is cooked to perfection. For $11 you get great quality ingredients and a filling portion size. The burger does have a sweet flavor however it's not overpowering.Overall, this place is far from perfect and service is definitely not amazing and hit and miss at times... But for the value this place is great and I have yet to try a burger that I don't fall in love with!Bachi Burger deserves 5 stars because they've got me hooked. Sure they're far from being perfect but they deliver on offering a quality burger and it's consistently pleasing. If you're a fan of trying new burgers especially with some asian flavored you'll keep coming back, guaranteed. The breakdown: (for what you pay)Service: 3/5Food quality: 5/5Atmosphere: 4/5Plating/presentation: 5/5
5	Truffle fries were amazing! I was a bit disappointed that I couldn't get a burger because I'm allergic to shrimp and evidently that is their secret ingredient. However, the turkey burger was awesome! My husband got oxtail chili fries and the Miyagi Burger. He said they were awesome... rivals Tim Love's dirty love Burger.
3	Based on raving recommendations from my friends, I had high hopes for this place. The long wait probably added to my anticipation too. Unfortunately, I was rather disappointed. Either that or I was hungover from last night's festivities... but I don't think so... I was very excited to try the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and they were good, but they didn't blow me away. The burgers on the menu seemed carefully crafted and included pan-Asian tastes and flavors. It is a gourmet burger joint, so it wasn't cheap, but it wasn't incredibly expensive either. I chose to build my own burger because all the burgers on the menu seemed to have one ingredient that I wasn't fond of. I didn't want to build a burger that was too big for my appetite, in fear that I wouldn't enjoy it, but I probably should've added all of those extras to counter the sweet patty. However, I'm not sure if the price of that would have sat right with me. Anyway... not that the meat was not cooked right--it was quality meat, juicy and well-seasoned--but I just did not enjoy my burger. Maybe it's just me, but when I go for burgers, I expect an all-American tasting burger patty instead of a teriyaki taste. Other people at my table agreed that their burger was overly sweet as well... but what do you expect from a place called Bachi burger--derived from hibachi I assume. I would like to come back and try other non-burger items on the menu. Drink-wise, I tried the honeydew milk tea and it tasted like a Melona bar in drink form--yum :) I had to get it to go before the long drive back to OC!
5	Awesome burger joint. The place was packed and busy. Our waitor had so many tables but was still able to get us all our food in a timely manner! When the chocolate cake took a bit longer to come out, despite ordering early, they brought our table of 7 free donuts and ice cream! It really was only like a 5 minute wait...not too shabby! They also have a gluten-free menu :)
3	This restaurant was a mixed review from me for a few reasons.1) The menu does not indicate that shrimp is added to marinade sauces, kimchi, ground into patties, etc. LET THEM KNOW IF YOU HAVE A SHRIMP ALLERGY. I didn't know when I ordered the Kalbi burger so I am thankful that 2) happened.2) I got a wrong burger (it happens everywhere, so I'm chill with it)! I felt bad for whoever's burger I got, because it looked delicious but I cut it in half and instead of the Kalbi burger with kimchi I found... bacon? The waiter was very quick to take it away to replace it, but when I mentioned my shrimp allergy he told me that shrimp was in almost everything! Did I not read the menu very well? I couldn't find a warning anywhere when I went online and skimmed it.3) The replacement burger they gave me just had lettuce and the spicy mayonnaise on it. Turns out, the kimchi also had shrimp (a lot of kimchi doesn't have shrimp, so I didn't think to ask if it wouldn't have any shrimp) so instead of being given the option to change my burger, they just gave me a very plain burger.4) The plain burger was decently moist, the bun had the right amount of crispiness. The spicy mayo was delicious!5) Service was quick and good.So for all that the burger was good and the fries decent (parmesan, truffle oil, something fries), the lack of clarity on their menu for shrimp related items left me very disappointed and almost sick. Decent and quick service but it left something to be desired when I got the wrong burger and then a slightly plain burger to finish off the night without any choice for a change.*Update: Boyfriend suggested it after seeing it on the Food Network.
4	Truly a great meal!  Went as a party of 4 and we were all very impressed by the meal.  The pork belly steamed buns were delicious.  The pork was perfect, the buns were light and fluffy.  The dipping sauce on the side added great flavor and was a perfect compliment.We shared a couple orders of fries and sweet potato fries for the table.  Defiantly a shareable side.  The sweet potato fries were the table favorite.  Great flavor, horseradish dipping sauce was a tasty addition.The burgers were huge!  They were juicy and delicious.  The location is easy to find.  Great little place to grab a tasty meal at a very reasonable price.
4	Do yourself a favor, and head over to Bachi Burger ASAP! The ingredients are so fresh, and each burger is bursting with great flavors. I absolutely love this place!
5	The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries are amazing, so many wonderful flavors and textures on hot fries, bomb! I'm from Hawaii, so I love Teriyaki burgers... the Ronin did not disappoint, oishii! The best Asian fusion burger I've had. The Pb Chocolate Souffle is oozing with warm chocolate and peanut butter with vanilla ice cream, oh baby! I will be back for more :)
4	The wait was 20 mins long when we arrived on a Sunday at noon. We ordered a spicy miso burger, ronin burger, and a side of sweet potato fries. The burgers definitely have an asian flare to them. I can definitely tell that the restaurant provided us with fresh ingredients. I think we inhaled the burgers in less than 10 mins. The burgers aren't cheap, but certainly aren't expensive considering that you are paying for quality.
5	Burger GODS~  Flew in from Minnesota to have a burger, worth the flight!  Can't wait to come back!
4	The wait was a bit of a disappointment 30 to 45 min for a burger joint but I have been wanting to try this place forever. It was packed and I felt as though they squeezed you in no matter if you are a couple inches from the next table. Overall the burgers were really good I had the Kiki and loved every bite of it my friend had the spicy miso burger looked good but I did not want to try it since I hate egg. My daughter had the kids burger and it was a huge burger we were very surprised! Prices were a bit high considering you  have to order your fries separately but I would be back the burger is calling my name!
5	Khalbi you're the best!! It's a kimchi burger- I thought it would taste funny- kimchi on a burger but I gave it a try- and hola! This is now my fav here! Kiki's good too! And their garlic fries and their.. Oh well! Everything's good! Fine. Period.
5	Tried the bahn mi burger and it was excellent and cooked to perfection.  Had to come the next day to try the Ronin and liked this one just as much. What are you waiting for? Doesn't get any better than this for burger lovers.
5	This place is dope-- diverse selection on the menu of quality fusion food, pop electronic dance music, and really nice and attentive staff. Our waitress was Kaitlyn whom was genuine and nice and we had the Mr. Ho burger and the Ronin burger which were super flavorful. I'm a foodie from LA, so this was up to par! Try it.
4	The burgers are the best in town!  Only thing that hurts the rep is the spotty service.  Mr. Miyagi and kimchee burger are my favs!
4	I love Bachi Burger! The food is great quality and thankfully they are more than open to modification (in my case for allergies).
5	**VEGAS MUST!** don't waste time & empty tummies on buffets/hotels. Get yourself in here! I'm a big burger person, & this has to be the best burger in Nevada (& maybe even best burger out of Cali!) Burgers are juicy & absolutely mouthwatering. They don't come w/ fries or a side but make sure you order the GARLIX PARM FRIES! Some complain about the bun being too "oily," but trust me, take a bite first. Service can be a hit or miss here, but the food is well worth it! I ALWAYS make a trip here when I'm in town. Actually, I just recently went twice in a row because my party loved it so much! Faves: Miyagi, spicy miso, Kiki, Ronin, Kalbi,.. Ugh just all of them. Don't forget the garlic parm fries, oxtail chili cheese fries, & garlic edamame. Yuuum!Gourmet burger deliciousness, you won't be disappointed. Enjoy!!
3	The food here is cooked right and no short cuts are taken. The menu is creative and well thought out. The only area that needs improvement is the service. I have visited many time and have yet to have decent service. hard to get refills and forget about the server coming back  to check on you once you have the food, except to bring you the bill!Worth the food, not the service!
3	Wasn't as good the second time around but I don't know if that was influenced by the horrible service.  Usually don't complain about service cuz I'm just there because the food tastes good however they were horrible top to bottom this time. Our waiter, the server, the bartender, the host, the cook... Ok probably not that far but all the others mentioned did seem to irk us in some manner that night, albeit slow service or simple lack of attentiveness. Felt bad that I blew this place up to all my friends. And btw the burger was just ok this time.
5	the miyagi burger is the most DELICIOUS burger i've had in my life...don't be discouraged about the fried egg, (even though i like fried eggs) you can't even tasted it when combined with the bacon, onion rings and whatever sauce/spices they put on it...uuhhh i want another! also, the service was excellent.
4	Had my fair share of a few burgers here, and I will say, It's food that evokes a "wow" response and steady head nod of pleasant surprise and satisfaction. Although all their burgers are awesomely crafted and unique in their own respective category, my personal favorites to my taste would have to be both the Miyagi-Sans burger and the Black & Green burger.The Miyagi-san is a grass fed wagyu burger with furikake, onion rings, caramelized bacon, fried egg and chili mayo. The flavors aren't overdone and easily craveable. As for the Black & Green, it's a grass fed waygu as well, with mushrooms, spinach, point reyes blue cheese (Medium/full flavored), roasted garlic and bacon. Very deep and rich without being too strong and overpowering. If you are a fan of blue cheese this burger does your fandom some righteous justice. Bonus is that their buns are fresh, sweet and made local! Mmm, respect.For fries, I go for the Truffle Parmesan and if I have a partner to share with, the oxtail chili fries is the perfect plate with plenty to go around. for dessert, I have only had the chance to try their donuts. Covered in some quality cinnamon sugar and matched with a perfectly complimenting mocha ice cream. Although, tends to be a bit doughy and undercooked as I have come to find.Service is service, nothing really outstanding or outlandish, but prompt and knowledgeable about their food. All in all I appreciate this place because the attention to quality and detail, and in that respect they put out some amazingly delicious and unique food.
5	The mad geniuses behind these crazy and amazing burgers at Bachi should receive a Nobel  Prize for their contributions to to mankind. Not to mention the fact that they have also curated a baddass beer list to accent every bite.  #hitachinoFTW Now while there isn't much that I can't tell you that hasn't already been talked about what I can offer you is a secret recipe for a Burger Boner which I came to acquire after eating the following items.  Please see below for the formula and note that you can substitute any variety of beer to achieve said boner, however the other 3 items must be eaten in their entirety.Bachi Pickles + Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries + Hitachino + Shogun Burger =  BURGER BONER
5	Try my trio pick... Miyagi San Burger, Pork Belly Bao and The Oxtail Chili Fries. Bomb! Great Food and Great Service. Love it!!! I'll be back.
5	My favorite burger in Vegas.  Sure, it's expensive and my wife will argue that it isn't that great...  But Monkey don't care.  This my favorite burger in Vegas.  Asian fusion burgers.  Come, sit, have a beer and some pickled vegetables.  STEAMED BAO (Duck) - Delicious, savory and tastiest part of duck between steamed pillows and onionBLACK & GREEN BURGER - Soft, puffy toasted bun, grass-fed beef, sauteed mushrooms, spinach, bacon, blue cheese and roasted garlic... omg i'm gonna drop everything and head over there now!  CHILI EDAMAME - disappeared sooner than laterBRANDY SHAKE - brandy in a shake.  perfect dessert!  can i have a double, to go?  it's legal to walk around Vegas with alcohol, right?  Seated at small table right in front of kitchen doors, register, middle between bar and the rest of restaurant, we were never short of attention or water.  Busy busy time this evening, we were definitely not ignored, but would have enjoyed another table without the servers rushing about us on either side.  Monkey's a loyal customer and will definitely save up to return.
3	First impressions: with a group of traveling coworkers the three check per table maximum suggested we couldn't eat here since we all needed separate checks. When we said we had to go, the server said he could accommodate. In the bathroom the hot water didn't work. Toilet didn't flush. Unimpressed up front.The burger and fries were good but for my $20 I'd go somewhere else.
5	My husbands friend kept bugging us to eat here on our next trip to Vegas. I'm glad he did, because we loved it! The burgers are as good as they are varied. The beef was first rate. They have Angus and Wagayu, cooked perfectly. The house pickles are tasty and different. The garlic was my favorite. I had the Kiki burger, with 3 kinds of mushrooms, bacon, gruyere cheese and ailoi sauce,  and other half had the miso burger with fried egg. Both were 5 star delicious and juicy. The house made buns were fluffy and light. I also had the Kumai cocktail of sake, vodka, pineapple, cherry and mint. Delicious...not strong, but good. The atmosphere was hip, casual and fun. The server was friendly and knowledgable about the menu. We will be coming back!Secondly, to 'Johnny U', if you are in fact, sadly, a real person, or an imposter, which is even sadder: Your review bemoaning the supposed asian takeover of the food universe, and the pains of being a white couple 'weird'ed out among 'oriental folk',  stupidly demanding your ketchup and mustard to put on gourmet fusion burgers, the solution to your problem is simple... like you...just put on your big girl panties, tug on those Daisy Dukes you should have quit wearing in high school and drive on over to Burger King, because let me tell you, even In and Out is too good for you.
3	I liked my burger here, yes. But the BEST burger in Nevada? I don't know about that...They have an extensive menu with lots of options but I recommend sticking to a burger and fries (or some pork belly buns for those of you who don't like burgers!). We did NOT like the oxtail chili-cheese fries or the Bachi Caesar salad we ordered. My suggestion is stick to the regular fries without all that gamey meat and what not added on top!!! & do NOT order a salad LOL I give you permission to be a fattie for this entire meal, it was one of the worst caesar salads I've had and we ended up only taking a few bites and then throwing the rest away. The pork belly steamed buns were delicious! Too bad you only get three for the price, but I actually enjoyed these more than the burgers. I thought that the burgers were good but nothing really blew my mind away. The buns were just your average buns, pretty good but nothing spectacularly soft like some people say. I think your burger experience really depends on which burger you order because all of the extra fixings they put in your burger determines what it tastes like. My favorite burger out of the three I tried was the RONIN burger!! Caramelized onions, cole slaw, a fried egg, and all of these delicious sauces... What's not to love?!?! The Shogun burger has a lot of hype because of the foie gras in it but none of the boys liked it. I thought it was tasty, BUT very sweet! due to all the fruit in it and perhaps more suited towards a girl's taste palate. However, there were a lot of different flavors and it could get a little overwhelming if you had to eat the entire thing.The miyagi-san's grass-fed wagyu burger tasted just like a good ol' fashioned BBQ burger if that's what you like but I felt that it was something I could get at a lot of other restaurants and a little plain for me especially after trying all of the other burgers bursting with flavors.If you live in the area and like burgers, you should definitely check this place out. We had a good dinner but I don't know if I'd particularly recommend going out of your way if you're only visiting for the weekend and taking the drive off the strip to eat one of these burgers.
5	Great burgers and the oxtail chili fries are sinfully delightful!!  Have been here a few times and have never been disappointed.
3	Husband and I stopped by for lunch. It was ok. The Parmesan truffle fries with the dip were delicious. The kalbi burger my husband had was incredibly salty and my ronin burger wasn't quite well done. There was a weird tasting dressing paste deal that didn't agree with my taste buds. I find this place to be more of an acquired taste. It was very nice inside and clean. Service was excellent. Not a bad place just not for us I guess..
5	I went on a last minute one-day trip to Vegas for Jay-Z's magna carter world tour and a friend of mine told me to stop by this place. When I first walked in, I knew this place was going to be worth my wait. In fact, I didn't wait very long. I ordered the bachi fish burger and may I add that it was freaking delicious!! Everyone is super friendly and the food is great. I love this place and will add it to my "must go to every time I visit Las Vegas" list!
5	The 45 minute wait was worth it. Easily one of the best burgers I've ever had, plus great sweet potato and truffle garlic fries. The unique dipping sauces they offer are fantastic. Try the Black And Green burger. So freakin good.
5	Really don't care for burgers!!!!  Went to Bachi Burger with friends and found out what a great burger is.  Now every time we have friends in town or even family we all head to Bachi Burger for a great Burger experience.If you want a great experience you need to check this place out!!!!
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had.  I ordered the Shogun burger and was completely blown away.  If you can get by the $26 price tag, this is one killer burger.  Foie gras, eel, pear, miso butter - my mouth is watering again just thinking about it.  My wife had the Kiki's burger and was very happy with her selection (but envious of my burger once she had a bite.)  We also tried the pickle appetizer (meh), the oxtail chili cheese fries and the salt and pepper fries (both very good.)  I had 2 different ciders (who's names I don't remember), and they were both excellent.  While the prices are high, this place is on the same level as Umami Burger - only better.  And I hear they are opening a few soon in LA - a definitely place to check out if you see one.
2	Yes my friends and I might've came in on their last call for everything but, as a paying customer wise?  You still have to cater to your guest! Period! I have been in the business for 18 years now, from front of the house to being a chef. To be honest, I do not like to be rushed when I just barely sat down and have not seen the menu! Anyways, enough with the bitching!  Food so far is not bad , came out fairly quick though?  Hmmmm?  Pork belly bao,  great flavor on point but came out cold! Like it's been sitting in the kitchen for a minute.  Portions on the onion rings? Too little for the portion...Like I said, food is good. But service could be better!
4	Good as usual. Small, kind of loud but a great burger and fries. Real good flavoring and a decent beer list.
5	Sort of a long wait but worth it. The foods great and the ambience is great too. We had a wonderful server who checked on us at the right times. I tried the miyagi San and it was the bomb I usually just get the Kiki but the Miyagi San was really good along with the Parmesan truffle fries and red velvet shake. Mhmmm
5	Best burger I have ever eaten in my life is the Shogun burger. I think that says a lot for anyone who has eating many burgers in their time living in the USA. This thing was mind blowing. All I have to say is if you have doubts of spending $26 on a burger you will quickly feel like you just got the best deal ever.The Shogun burger consists of Wagyu beef burger topped with foie gras, unagi, poached Asian pears and miso butter. AMAZING!The only negative is we ordered two burgers, the Shogun and the Kiki, and made the mistake and ate the Shogun first. The Kiki was just normal after eating that full flavored Shogun. So if you want to try something else while sharing make sure to try the Shogun last.The pork belly buns and the garlic edamame were also really good. Good eats!
3	This place was a little over-hyped for me.First thing first.  The wait was around 30min-40min on a Sunday (lunch time). Anyways, the host comes out lets people know there is open sitting at the bar and we immediately go in.  The hosts disappears, so we ask the manager if we could sit at the bar cause it was open sitting (just to make sure), but he tells us to wait and he'll ask the host.  We wait, until two gentlemen behind us, just walk and take those two seats at the bar. WTF? Kind of pissed off, the host eventually comes and we tell her our story and she says there is nothing she can do (-____-).  Keep in mind the MANAGER probably forgot to ask the host, cause she didn't even have a clue.  We get the manager and he eventually finds us a seat at the bar.....Anyways. The FOOD:Miyagi Sans Grass fed Wagyu Burger  - Furikake, onion rings, caramelized bacon, fried egg and chili mayo. Pretty good, but not the best burger though. We asked for a medium, but the burger was almost well done...Ronin Burger - Caramelized onions, cole slaw, a fried egg, with some type of aoili on the side. This burger was ok. Not what I expected. The caramelized onions were a little too sweet and there were tons of it on the burger.Oxtail chili cheese fries - The chili was a bit on the sweeter side, not your typical "chili", but it was different.  This was very filling, try to split with someone. Maybe next time I'll try the pork buns, since I heard it was good... but who knows.
5	Amazing!!! It seems like all the menu items were very well thought out as all the items we ordered were executed and put together very well. Location is clean, organized, and the servers are very attentive.Truffle fries are DIVINE. Can't wait to come back  so I can pig out again!
5	Definitely worth the price. I recommend trying the Oxtail Chili Cheese fries. The restaurant is nice and our server was very friendly and gave great suggestions. It can get pretty packed during the weekends so plan accordingly.
1	1st complaint- Completely overpriced.  $12 burgers with no side and a $10 beer!2nd complaint- Burgers were eh. Asked for medium, got practically rare. Flavorless. N-N-Out makes a better burger for a fraction of the cost.3rd Complaint- I'm in my 30's and I don't love loud music but I don't mind it and it's not something I would usually complain about but when techno trance music is playing so loud on a Monday afternoon that you can't even have a conversation with your own party... it's too loud. Last and BIGGEST complaint- I'm still in shock by this... I ordered iced green tea.  I took one drink, it was horrible. Tried to pass it along to my friends but everyone thought it was horrible. I told the waitress she could take it because I didn't like it.  Her very first response was "Well did you already drink out of it?"  What??!!  Are you kidding me?!  What was she gonna do, give it to someone else?  My natural response to her was "of course, that's how I know I don't like it!"   Her next response shocked me more than the first... I kid you not, she said "Hmmmm, I'll have to find out about this"   HMMMM????  I almost walked out then.  She came back several minutes later to let me know her manager would take it off the bill this time.  If I would have drank half the tea, I'd understand but there were 3 drinks taken out of it.  Worst manager ever! Waitress was all around horrible btw.  The whole experience was horrible.$70 for 3 people. 3 burgers, 1 order of fries and 1 beer.
5	Love love love yummmmmmmm!   My favorite burger place ever!
4	hands down one of the best burger spots around.  burgers run about $10 but they r damn good.  I really liked the ox tail fries but one knock on it for me is the beans. not a fan of beans in my chili. other than that, all the workers in their were nice and attentive.  If ur not fond of sweet burgers the ronin and Kiki burgers were on the sweeter side.
5	The Ronin!
4	This is my second time coming here and I ordered the ronin burger. The burger had an egg carmalized onions in a tonkatsu sauce and I think it was cabbage. Its a decent sized burger and it tasted really good. I just wish that the egg was runnier. We also ordered the truffle fries and sweet potato fries. Which were pretty good. We had two orders of fries and split between 4 people. Most likely youre looking at a $16. But it is well worth it.
4	for yelpers from california that know about Umami burger, think about this place like that but the burgers portion are bigger. its one of those "asian fusion" east meets west interpretation kidda food but in this case it works! food are great and delicious tho i took out 1 star because of the service.definitely gonna go back the next time we go back to Vegas! tho i heard their opening one here in Cali!
4	This place knows how to make a mean burger. Their ingredients are paired so well and everything is delicious! They're a bit pricey but it's worth it every once in a while. I ordered the Kiki burger, and will definitely be getting it again.
4	Bachi = short for Hibachi = GrillMy friends kept raving about this place and telling me to try it, so I went here on my recent trip to Vegas. I got here late in the afternoon at around 3 PM, and the wait was about 20 minutes. I think that's pretty good considering the other reviews I've read. We ordered the truffle parmesan fries, Wagyu burger, and the Kiki burger. The truffle parmesan fries were ok. I'm not too sure I liked the truffle sauce that much. It tasted very similar to Asian cafe mushroom sauce to me, but a little saltier and tangier. I think I would have enjoyed the fries more if it had just parmesan on it. While we were waiting for our burgers, I noticed the staff was in disarray. I saw way too many employees in the restaurant, and all of them were running around looking frazzled. The guests sitting at the table next to me were unhappy and complained about their burgers taking a long time. Our waiter later explained to us that they were having a problem with the computer system. I'm guessing some of the orders did not get put into the system, which caused the delay. Despite that, it seemed like a bad day for the staff. Our waiter did not even ask my husband how he wanted his burger cooked. When my husband told the waiter later that he did not get to tell him how he wanted the burger cooked, the waiter said he thought he said medium. Actually, I was the one who said medium. My husband always prefers his meats rare, so it's not possible for him to say medium. Anyway, when the burgers came out, they looked just like they look in the pictures: juicy and delicious. I was quite pleased with my Kiki burger, although I found it just a tad sweet. I enjoyed all the flavors mixed in together with the shiitake mushrooms, juicy Angus burger, the veggies, and the soft bread. I had a bite of the Wagyu burger and immediately fell in love with the Wagyu. I think I might have liked the Wagyu more than my Angus burger! I can see why people wait for this restaurant. It's one of the better burgers I've tasted, but the way that the restaurant was being run could have been a lot smoother, especially with all those employees. I'd like to come back to Bachi, but I hope that the restaurant will operate much more fluidly when I return. It would be good if they could expand outside of Vegas and open it in Los Angeles. I bet it would be a hit!UPDATE: They're opening one on Sawtelle!
1	I guess I am the only one who hated the food at this place.First of all the service was not good, it took quite awhile longer than one would expect to get our burgers. I got the 'Black and Green Burger' which was recommended to me by the server. This had a very strong and weird alcoholic taste to it. It was gross. And by gross I don't mean it was only "decent" I truly mean it was gross. I will never go back.
3	"What's furikake?" asked one of our table-mates. "Some lettuce thing", our server so eloquently replied. Yeahhh noooo. From that point on, I knew I wouldn't particularly like it..But the burger proved me wrong. I don't remember what it was called, but it was the pork and beef one, with the taro bun. The bun didn't have much taro flavor, but was a gorgeous color. The seasoning and sauce on the burger were sweet but not overly so. With the pork in the patty, I think it went well together.FYI furikake is a type of seasoning, usually a mix of seaweed, sesame seeds, dried and ground fish/veggies that you put on rice.
1	both my husband and I got sick. Yea I just can't even come back...like ever. I'm not sure which part of the meal got us like this but we were messed up.
5	Best burger in town, must try the Miyagi burger.  Delicious meat with crunchy onion rings and bacon within.
4	i love that it is open till 2.00 am and the burgers here the best in town
5	Forget the tourist food on the strip.  You will not be disappointed with Bachi. 5 stars from the Foodsnob is very rare as everything has to be perfect from concept,  cleanliness, service and of course the food. Went with large enough party and got to sample a few different signature burgers - all were amazing.  Order the truffle Parmesan fries and a beer. Simply heaven.
4	Another good burger in vegas!  If you haven't been to Bachi burger, I strongly suggest it.  The Kobe burger is my recommendation.  It's juicy and tastes amazing!   The burger was cooked perfectly.  I also suggest the black and white milkshake.  Service was great, the only problem is the wait.  This is very popular right now, so expect a 20-30 minute wait.
5	This is "Our Place" for casual dining. It's usually always packed 'cause its THAT GOOD, even on a Tuesday night. Everything about it is awesome; food, service and cleanliness.
3	Beware of the service here on weekends. Yes, you drove your asses all the way over here and now there's a 45-75 min wait. But you know what? The food is amazing and they know it. And they will use that to their advantage.The hostess really knows how to make your experience a shitty one. No smiles, very stern voice, and absolutely no common sense. We had to wait next to an empty table for 4 for about 30 min while she was "building a table" for a bigger party. There was no, "Sorry for the wait" or "Thanks for your patience". But once you get past her incompetence, it's smooth sailing from there.Food is great, you MUST order the oxtail chili fries. That is the only reason I will put up with the crappy hostess. I've tried most of the burgers and they have all been mouth watering. The best part is that each burger will come with their own little surprise that will have you asking, "Excuse me, what is this, and what is it for?" You'll understand when you see it.
4	Bachi never ceases to provide some of the best fusion burgers I've ever had. I just ordered the oxtail fries which are always good and the Alaskan cod fish burger. The cod was moist and not dry, if u like cod like I do. Give this burger a try, especially with lent approaching. If you are an American burger fan this might not be your place. If u have an ounce of foodie adventurer in you. You should love this place. Bring friends an excellent place to hang.
2	After my friend had been super excited and raving about this place, I was disappointed that it's really not that great for vegetarians or vegans. The burger I got just didn't have a tasty flavor. Just kind of sour and sickly sweet. I actually got sick of eating it and stopped..which HARDLY EVER happens to me.
3	Meh..burgers around 15 bucks... Had the Ronin..hubby had Spicy Miso..they were good but maybe not as good as the yelp reviews made us anticipate.  Truffle fries were average. The kid got grilled cheese that looked good.  Rogue Hazelnut Ale was really good however. Not sure if I'd give this place another chance. ..there are just too many other choices nearby and they didnt dazzle us for the 80 dollard we spent
2	we were not impressed. Average wait time. Average tasting food. We should have stayed closer to the strip.
5	Amazing food! I had the Pork Belly Steamed Buns, Truffle and Sweet Potato Fries. So delicious! Love it :)
5	My husband and I chose this location due to Yelp reviews and it was so worth it.  We were on our way out of town and starving so got there right when they opened. The music is loud and thumping but you forget that the minute your food comes. I had the Miyagi-San and my husband had the Ronin. We thought we'd each have half of each burger but that didn't happen.  After the first bite you have to sit back and breathe, they are so good!  WOWOWOWOW!  Fabulously tender and so many wonderful flavors. We will go there every time we are in Vegas.
4	When will this establishment open in sawtelle ("Los Angeles")? I can't wait till I taste that oxtail chilli cheese fries in my mouth again... I got the the spicy miso burger... It wasn't spicy... Kind of sad I wanted some kick! However, it wasn't the best burger I had it was ok.. I don't know you must really have to wow me on the burgers for me to love it! I think it's just it's burger or it's just burger lol...My mom got the bahn mi burger I thought it was better than mine just because I think it had more flavor and more crunchMy dad got kiki's burger ... My first choice since I love mushrooms so much tho he was mean to not share booo so can't tell you what that tastes like...Since the oxtail chilli cheese fries came as an appetizer I wanted to try the parmesian fries... You know bad mistake!?! I think I was too full too like this plus it felt like poutine instead of parmesian fries! Like I thought it was just going to be fries with parmesian and truffle oil but I didn't think they'd put gravy on it! But seriously, when are you coming to LA?
5	Finally got a chance to try this place out this visit.  I'm bringing the wifey back next time!Ordered: Ox-tail chili fries - Wow i love chili fries and this is just like adding heaven to an already great side!  Must have if you like things that are fatty!Pork Belly Steamed Buns - Very refreshing and nice starter.Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu - I'm done searching for the ideal burger as it has now arrived.  It's fancy, it's big, it's rich but the way each flavor is introduced bite after bite, chew after chew it's texturally perfect and juicy is an understatement.  Some go to mecca, i'm coming here for my spiritual fix.
5	We take ALL of our visitors from out-of-state here, no question. And every single person has liked it. This location updated their room to have a bar, too and are open into the late hours, if that's what you want. We've never been here so late before due to our toddler. Doesn't matter, though, we still LOVE it. Be warned. Lunchtime can have a long wait. Their  fries are great, but it's their burgers we crave. Kiki's is my husband's go-to order. Mine is the Banh Mi Burger (Vietnamese flair). There's also a Korean type, a Ronin, with a fried egg, Taro bun burger, and a heck of a lot more. You can design your own, too, if you prefer. They've added new appetizers and foreign beers, too. Go check it out!
5	Came highly recommended and lived up to the hype. The oxtail cheese fries were crazy and delicious and the burgers (Miyagi and a custom) were killer. The craft beer list was very strong and the staff was knowledgeable.
5	Amazing burgers. I got the Miyagi burger and the bachi fish. Come here to get food! I definitely recommend! Will definitely come again.
3	Nice restaurant and vibe. Had better burger with fried egg else where.
2	I've been here before and had the Shogun burger and Oxtail chili cheese fries. I Remember both being so incredibly AWESOME I had to come back, so we did.My wife and myself weren't all that terribly hungry, but it was kind of a "to do" list on the way back from Vegas.We walk in at about 10pm on a Thursday night. It's slow and there's a lot of staff on hand. We get seated by a guy who seems entirely indifferent about his job and just life in general. You may be wondering how I know this about a simple host /  hostess???? Because he was our waiter also. There were TOO many people working and only two other tables seated to get bad service. Not that bad service is ever excusable, but there are times when you understand to some degree. Like I said, we weren't that hungry so we ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries and a side salad; which sounded decent in the description. Micro greens, some kind of walnuts, avocado, and an orange vinaigrette. The fries come out first and the first thing I notice was the fries to chili ratio. Way off. Too much fries and not enough chili. Not a big deal cause there's no way we're finishing them. We start to dig in and holy crap is there a TON of salt on there. Enough salt to start my own mine if i was feeling  entrepreneur-ish. We didn't complain because fries don't save well and we were already full.The house salad then comes out. Being a MAN, I feel a certain sense of obligation to conquer this small salad, even though i already feel like a glutton (first world problems, I know). So I take a bite.....  GOD DAMN!!!! Did a salt grenade go off in the back or something? Not only were the fries too salty, but the salad? Maybe someone in the back just discovered how great salt can be and was of the mindset "more is obviously better"? Enough about salt. The orange  vinaigrette was good. The avocado was pretty much non existent (two small chunks), but the walnuts were delicious.Maybe my memory deceives me, but i could have sworn I LOVED this place when I came about a year ago. Bachi has a unique twist on the whole burger thing, but that twist isn't good enough to keep me coming back
3	Definitely had high expectations for this place ever since I saw it featured on Diners Drive-ins and Dives, but the food was just alright. Probably because i ordered the wrong thing.  Came on a Saturday at 12:30pm... just managed to miss the lines.  We sat at the bar.  I got the MIYAGI SAN burger.  It has fried onion straws, fried egg, bacon and beef patty.  No greens.  Would definitely have liked some sort of green or something lighter to balance out the other heavy flavors. The first few bites were quite good, then it just got too heavy for me.Boyfriend got the Korean BBQ burger; that one was much better!  I loved the gochu jang aioli! Great flavor balance.We also ordered the kurobata sausage appetizer... it was good, but it's like Asian lil smokies. Nothing too special.The donut holes dessert were hard as a rock and not worth getting at all.All of the above plus 2 drinks = $60 lunch (post-tip). I am very curious about the banh mi burger and i would go back just to try that one.
3	I wanted to like Bachi Burger. I've been here a few times, hoping that the visit before was just a fluke, but nope, Bachi is not for me. The service is fine, the waiters attentive, and I really enjoyed the fries, but there was just something off to me about the flavor of the burgers. Maybe it's just me because the people I go with enjoy the burgers, but it is what it is.The latest visit was with a friend of mine from out of town and I wanted to take him to a burger joint off the Strip. We ordered edamame as our appetizer and truffle parmesan fries. I ordered a Kiki's Burger (angus beef, sauteed shitake, enoki & eryngii mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, and garlic chili aioli) and while I finished the burger, I tried really hard to not show on my face that I thought it tasted off. My friend enjoyed his burger just fine which makes me happy, but I did not enjoy mine. I had hoped it would because I love mushrooms! Everything about the burger on paper sounds great. It's just something about the sauce or something that makes me not want to order it again.
4	The in-laws are in town and they wanted to give this place a try because they had seen it on TV. We also brought a bottle of wine along (heads up, corkage is $20) to celebrate their arrival.We ordered the steamed pork buns, sweet potato fries, a ronin burger, and two miyagi burgers; one with mayonnaise and one without (for me).The sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked; not too crispy, oily, or floppy like most places make them.  The pork buns were also really delicious, but the buns weird me out (sorry).  My burger was literally the bomb dot com.  The fried egg was perfectly cooked (not too runny but still yolky), the burger was juicy and tender, and the bacon... Mmmmm!  I didn't like how uncooked the fried onion rings seemed to be, but I'm not an onion person. I took a few bites with them on and eventually gave them to dad.  The burger was really messy, but I don't care.*Note: I dislike burgers and typically stay away from places like this and I can't wait to go back!
5	I bought the Miyagi burger and it was the best burger I've ever had!
5	WOW!  This was our first stop as soon as we arrived in Vegas.  I'm a big Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives fan.  I saw this place featured on one of the episodes. The service and food was amazing.  The manager actually chatted with us several times from behind the bar.  He gave us a couple of good recommendations on the beers they sold. Our server also provided great recommendations.  Great vibe. We ordered the spicy miso burger, the banh mi burger and the oxtail chili cheese fries. OMG!  All were so tasty!    Highly recommend all of these items.  It was go good that we stopped by for another meal before heading back to Southern Cali.
5	Okay,  I am moving this from three to five star status. The main reason is that besides all my details in the first review, note:Of all he twenty dollar burger joints this one is the best, most creative and flavorful. I think the service, menu and quality is top notch and compared to my 2011 review this  place in 2013 and 2014 is fantastic. Come here and try this place out. You will be very happy.
5	THE SHOGUN BURGER.THEBESTBURGERI'VEEVERHADYou absolutely have to order this burger if you come here!!!! Yes, it's pricey, but it was definitely worth the $26 I spent on it! I almost didn't order it because of the price, but my boyfriend really wanted it so we ordered it! I'm not usually a fan of fancy burgers.... I;m usually satisfied with In N' Out. But this burger changed my life! And now I know... If I didn't order that burger... I would've been missing out on THE BEST BURGER ever made in the history or burgers!The Shogun Burger:Wagyu Beef, Unagi, Pan Seared Foie Gras, Poached Asian Pear, Miso Butter, and a Yamamomo Peach Palette Cleanser The other food I ordered at Bachi Burger was also excellent! I ordered the Pork Belly Steamed Buns and the Ox Tail Fries. Both were absolutely delicious.
4	Okay. I was updating this review and gave it a five star. I do have to adjust them to a four star however. The food and creativity is exceptional. The service is generally great. Today we were there for my wife's birthday and it took over one hour for our burgers. Others were served before us as well and they arrived after us. Three times we were told the food was going to be out in two minutes even though we never asked nor complained. The third two minute statement we timed it for fun and it was 22 minutes before hey came back to tell us our food would be cooked next. I advised the managers that on the forth time and after almost 1.5  hours  that this was disappointing as we were celebrating my wife's birthday. They did say ' for what it is worth, Happy Birthday'. I think they were genuine. Food came out past the 1.5 hour mark and my wife's burger was medium rare instead of well done and they heated it up instead of a new one due to time. By then, my wife was not happy, the burger fell apart and was not tasty. She ate a bite and took the kids and left. I waited for the check. The team at Bachi was nice to not charge for her messes up burger. Unfortunately when they are too busy or when they make errors they do not know how to properly take ownership and control the situation. It got worse and worse and spoiled a celebration.  So this is still a great place with quality staff and food. They just need to get to a first class five star by dealing with adversity instead positively rather than matter of fact like. They did nothing really wrong. Just when it got bad, they were ill equipped to shine. 4 star but 5 star food.
5	Damn, what? This place shot up the list of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.I'll start with the burgers. First of all, there wasn't one burger OR sandwich I did not want to try. Everything sounded absolutely delicious. I wish I had a slider of each them. I ended up getting the kiki's burger and it was just what I expected. All the ingredients (garlic chili aioli, gruyere, all the Asian mushrooms, sweet onion marmalade, caramelized bacon) came together really well on top of the angus beef patty. Although I gravitate to simpler burgers (i.e. Father's Office Burger in LA), this burger was just a burst of flavor. It was inventive and delicious.Now for my favorite part of the meal: the oxtail chili cheese fries. After my first bite, I seriously exclaimed: HOLY CRAP WHAT IS THIS. It was insanely delicious to me. The fries were incredibly crispy, and the oxtail with the chili was just superb. Topped with cheese and a fried egg, damn. It just doesn't get better than this. I would never think to put oxtail on chili cheese fries, but props to the people who figured this out.Every time I come to Vegas, this is where I'm going to want to eat.
5	So we arrived to vegas a bit late and craved burgers. I've heard good things about bachi burgers and the pictures have always made me drool. Finally we got to try it and I wasn't disappointed!I'm not sure why so many people had such bad service, but we must've came on a good night. The service was great for us and the guy was really funny. Truffle Parmesan Fries - Definitely loaded w/ black truffle flavor! It was enough to share between the 4 of us. Nice and crispy, not oily at allOxtail Chili Cheese Fries - Their most popular item, presented beautifully! The over easy egg on top made everything delicious. Again, fries were cooked perfectly crispy, but I do wish they added more oxtail. Not that the fries were bad, but I actually prefer the truffle fries.Shogun Burger - $25 for a burger?! My bf ordered this and I got to steal 1/4 of it. It sounded like the ultimate most delicious burger ever w/ all the ingredients listed: wagyu beef, unagi, pan seared foie gras, miso butter, peach YUMM. Unfortunately though the flavors were all lost in translation to me. The only thing I could taste the whole time was the unagi...This burger isn't worth $25 imoKiki burger - I love shrooms! (I know it's vegas, but I'm talking about food here people not the other kind of shroom lol) There were 3 kinds of mushrooms in this burger: shiitake, enoki, and eryngii. Instead of angus beef, I paid extra to get the wagyu beef patty. The caramelized bacon and mushrooms made the burger stand out. This was my 2nd favorite burgerMiyagi-San Grass Fed Wagyu Burger - My 2nd favorite burger!! Again, that fried egg w/ the oozing yolk made this burger taste its best. The crispy onions & furikake added the extra oomph to it. For first timers I would recommend getting this to start!Spicy Miso burger - It's not spicy at all. The burger wasn't bad, but flavors didn't pop or stand out compared to Kiki & Miyagi-San.The patties here were all requested to be cooked medium rare and they came out good/juicy. I really like the taiwanese sweet buns here which makes the burgers unique. However, after trying Gordon Ramsay's BurGR in PH, I believe the burgers there are a lot better. I wouldn't mind coming back though next time I'm in vegas and craving asian fusion burgers
5	Best burgers in the world!!! The service was fantastic. I love how the servers work as a team!! No lazy fools like other work places!! I love it! Their oxtail chili cheese fries were AMAZING!!!!! So delicious (I wish they'd put more oxtail) nonetheless, they were on point! The buns are sweet and savory! Meat is tender and juicy! And the sauce is to die for! Kiki and ronin burgers are awesome! Bachi burger is amazing most def recommend. It hits the spot!!!
5	Best burger ever! Homemade bun so soft and somewhat like Hawaiian bread. Truffle fries are amazing!
5	Got off our plane, got the rental car, and we were STARVING. My hubby and son just wanted "a good burger". Yelp led us here, and we are so thankful. There was a 15 minute wait because the place is quite small, but it was worth the wait. Burgers were very big and delicious! Cooked exactly as ordered. My "no meat" burger was an odd sounding combo of flavors- barley, tofu, eggplant, walnuts, etc, but it was the best vegetarian burger I've ever had. Onion rings were great but salty. Fries were decent. Our only negative was the overly loud club music they were playing at 2 in the afternoon on a Wednesday. My son has been asking to return all week, and he might get his wish!
5	LOVE Bachi Burger!  Best burgers we have had.  The Mr. Ho's on the taro bun is simply amazing.  The Black & Blue is another favorite of ours.  All of the fries are wonderful, but the sweet potato fries are my favorite.  IF you have room for dessert after the main course, try the Portuguese donuts.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Very Good Burger  Would hit this up again when in Vegas
1	I wanted to like this place,  I really did, ive seen lots of reviews so I came and was excited to try. Im a big fan of burgers but this place disappointed me in every aspect. We order three burgers so we could try, the pork belly bun, and the fries with gravy I forget its  name. We tried three different burgers all medium rare and they all came well. It was a total disappointment, I would have asked to have for it to me remade if the waiter did not look so pre occupied (ill get more to that later). I forget the names now but all the burger were dry dry dry and some of the flavors we surprising not in a good way. I love pork belly buns but these buns were sub par. The flavors didnt stand out anf not memorable at all.Now let me get to the service. They seated us really quickly which was great since they had only six tables occupied, one large table which was already eating when we were sat. It took them a while to take our order, get our drinks.  When the food came, the waiter disappeared, from our table I mean. The food came and it looked epic which made the disapoointment greater. I had to ask him for ketchup and share plates.  But then he left for awhile and I wanted to ask for utensil but he didnt come back until we were ready to leave. I didnt understand why the service was so poor when they looked like they had more than ample staff walking around, just not near our table. They didnt refill our waters and while we were eating, some lady in the kitchen was yelling or talking quite loud. Really unprofessional.  Will not be back
4	Y U M M Y!!!! Their burgers are juicy, succulent, and absolutely original!! We started off with:Oxtail fries: This is more like chili fries with oxtail bits in it...to be honest I wasn't a huge fan. Plain unseasoned fries with chili and dry bits of meat...ehhhhh it's okay. I would rather go for regular fries next time.Sweet potato fries (garlic truffle): I've never tried garlic truffle SWEET potato fries before...so it was interesting. I think I prefer the garlic truffle on normal fries, but it was a good experience. Regardless, the fries were cooked well and overall well received.I can't really go over all the burgers, but everyone loved their burger and I could see messy juices running down chins and onto tables...banh mi burger and Mr. Ho are some MUST TRYs. If you have a smaller appetite, then go for the steamed buns. There are 3 dinky little buns that still taste great, but like I said...just smaller portion (definitely not for Hungry Hippo Me, but to each their own). I can't wait to come back during my next Vegas trip and try more of their delicious burgers! DEFINITELY a must have!
4	Whenever you need meWhenever want me,You know you can call me, I'll be there shortlyDon't care what your friends say, cause they don't know me at...BACHI BURGER! - Wiz Khalifa (roll up)After all these years, I finally made my way to the infamous Bachi Burger. The wait is kinda long as there aren't that many tables inside but since the weather was nice, it wasn't a problem. I'm not sure how I would feel about the wait if I was hungover and standing outside in the summer vegas heat though lolSince I had peking duck buns at the Wynn buffet the night before, we opted for the pork belly buns instead and they were delicious. The oxtail fries were quite good, not standout-ish but a nice change of pace as far as fries are concerned. The Miyagi wagyu burger was tasty, and maybe a little messy but the strong flavors were there. The egg was nice but I prefer smaller pieces of bacon. I definitely recommend sharing a burger though with someone (especially if you're planning to order other things) because the fries are a huge portion and the burger is also big enough to be shared. Definitely worth taking friends that have never been before.
5	If I could give 6 stars, i would.  I had heard about this place for over a year from co-workers who travel to Vegas regularly.  I get my share of Vegas as well but this place is about 6 miles away from the strip and I hear it's a pain to get a cab back.  So it's taken me nearly a year to try this place, but i'm glad i finally made it!Enough storytelling, time for the good stuff.  Bachi Burger puts an Asian spin of the traditional burger and combines some of the things you love in Asian cooking into a sandwich.  Our goal was to try as many of the burgers as we could as there were three of us.  First, great beer selection here!  We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries and it was a perfect side option for 3 people.  Comes with an egg on top.  The yolk mixed in with the chili and cheese is just the right amount of gooey goodness.Again the goal was to try as many burgers as we can so we each decided to get something unique and promised to eat one half and split the other half into two so we can all get a taste of each other's.  This was a brilliant idea and I recommend you all try this if going as a group.Burger # 1: Miyagi Burger - It's their signature burger and comes with grass fed kobe beef patty, some sort of amazing sauce, fried egg and onion strings.  Amazing texture and tasteBurger # 2: Spicy Miso: Simple with an amazing spicy sauce that provides just the right amount of heat. This was my favorite!Burger # 3: Unagi Burger:  This one costs $24 but it's well worth the price.  It was a little too sweet and rich for my taste but def worth a trySo after all this we sat there.  Our stomachs were full but we still wanted to end with a bang. The debate was if we wanted dessert, and if so which ones.  Except I had another brilliant idea and recommended we get another burger and split it in three.  I think we were all thinking the same thing, I was brave enough to say it.  So we sat and wondered what else are we going to go with.  Our wonderful server recommended the Mr. Hong, since it was different than what we had already tried.  And what a great recommendation it was!  So like I said, in the beginning, I'd give this place 6 starts if I could.  Not only was the food great, our server made sure we were taken care of from the moment we walked in.  I'm making Bachi Burger my go to destination every time I visit Vegas.
5	I'm sitting here currently having flashback/ withdrawals from that trippy acid burger! Wtf... I came out of review retirement just to praise this place of holy cow happiness. If they build one of these bad boys in L.A watch out Umami, F.O, or insert your  favorite burger joint here_________! The Shogun is Shonuff the baddest cow around and you should definitely  kiss it's Converse... Leeeeeeerooooy!
4	My friends have been hyping this place up for such a long time. I'm glad I finally got to try it. We came up to Vegas on a Saturday around 1PM. We had a large group of 9 and waited quite some time, at least they were nice about it. It's located off the strip on the South end in a shopping plaza.Our server was really nice and helpful, he knew we were hungry so we jumped right into ordering.Miyagi-San Grass Fed Wagyu Burger - Delicious, probably my favKiki's Burger - the mushrooms seems a bit misplaced, wish they weren't so soggy, but everything else was super juicyOxtail fries with fried egg - MUST GET THIS TO SHARE, so bomb, it's like canto restaurant indo fried rice but on fries instead.All in all, is this the best burger place in Vegas? Probably not. Is this the best bang for the buck burger? Hell yes. These burgers are roughly $11 and they are delicious for the price you're paying compared to other burger spots on the strip.
5	To ALL burger buffs, meat hounds, Asian flavor fanatics, diner devotees and to just-plain ol' hungry human beings:I dedicate this experience to you all!It all started one cold Saturday evening in February 2014 when the bf and I decided to pop our Bachi Burger cherry. Wait time: 25-30 minutes. Though medium-to-large groups lingered in and around the restaurant, these groups were diminishing at a pretty impressive pace. Names were being called from left to right. It didn't take long until the hostess finally said what I've been yearning to hear for the past half hour..."Rachel."Once seated, the menus eagerly flipped open and the bf and I were enticed to such great heights. The selection of starters and burgers were bountiful but after careful consideration the lucky winners went as followed:Ox-tail chili cheese fries:This appetizer should be a REQUIREMENT when dining here. A large, hot plate stacked with crispy thin fries immersed in generous amounts of salty and savory chili, shredded ox-tail AND crowned with a perfectly fried egg--tell me what's not to like? This portion is perfect for 2 adults with a tenacious appetite.Kiki burger (my choice):I knew this burger was calling to me when I first read caramelized bacon and sweet onion marmalade. The words 'caramelized' and 'sweet' being the major deal breakers. Unfortunately, that's where the courtship between Kiki and I comes to an end. Though the meat patty excelled in juiciness and the bacon maintained its candied glaze, it fell short elsewhere. I was underwhelmed by the not-so-sweet-non-existent-taste-of-onion marmalade and the slight bitterness of the greens. But it wasn't a total fail for my appetite. Like a short-lived romance with an ex--we shared some good moments and also some bad--but in the end, I never really saw any great potential. Kiki just wasn't meant for me.Ronin burger (the bf's choice):Any burger with a fried egg is pretty much en route to the bf's belly. There's no way he's going to let it slip on by. The only problem with this burger was that it was HIS and not mine. We cut both our burgers in half and traded so we could sample each others but deep-down inside as soon as I sunk my teeth into this burger I was hooked. Ronin grabbed a hold of my taste buds and never wanted to let go. It was love at first bite. So many wonderful things were happening in my mouth that made it nearly impossible to ingest. An orchestra of flavors and textures that was beautifully executing a rhapsody. I wanted to salvage the juiciness of the meat, the sweetness of the caramelized onions, the tang and crunch of the coleslaw and even the saltiness of the fried egg. Bravo Ronin. Bravo!If my experience doesn't make you want to feed the beast then you're completely and utterly missing out. Bachi Burger is a MUST try when in Vegas. Their Asian-fusion/Asian-inspired take on the classical American burger is pure genius.Don't believe me? Then just listen to what your inner soul is saying because I'm pretty sure it sounds something like this...GO. TO. BACHI BURGER.NOW!
5	Today I am giving 5 stars. Why, you are asking... Today was the 5th time within the last six months that I ate there, and it is consistently excellent. Never ever have I been disappointed. The oxtail chili fries are always a must! Try them, the mix of the different flavors! Delicious! Even my husband, who usually doesn't like 'exotic' food, was thrilled. When it comes to the burgers. I always crave the Miso Burger! It's the best of the best! And now, go enjoy! Very friendly and professional staff too!
5	This place kills it! Staff was on point. Polite, quick, and efficient! Spicy miso was amazing and pork steam buns are always a favorite. Bachi never disappoints!
3	Went here around 4:00 on Sunday afternoon! Was able to get seated right away. thanks to two empty seats at the bar...but then the tradeoff came!The entrees took a LONG time to come out!!! We didn't get our burgers till 5:00! All the while a couple sitting at a table next to the bar got their food and left before the burgers even came to the bar (Keep in mind said couple was seated 10-15 min AFTER us)! The server was profusely apologetic about the long wait but I chose to stay classy in the end despite the temptation to complain. For as long as they made us wait and how often they asked us if there was anything we can get, I would have appreciated a comp on desserts or drinks! People shouldn't have to shout/req to speak to manager/make a scene just to get noticed! After finishing the Portuguese donuts, I just wanted to get out of there! So much so I payed cash and told her to keep the $1 or $2 change! I would have liked to tip more because I truly enjoyed the free bird burger and our server's attentiveness, but that was a horrendous wait for the entrees! Yes I realize you had 3 or 4 groups over 5, but that doesn't excuse the fact that others received who came to sit after us (including a couple newly seated next to me at the bar towards the end of our burger noshing) received their entrees faster than we did!I'm open to going back when there's absolutely nobody or if I place a takeout order in advance! Maybe then the wait will be less long.
2	Finally stopped by Bachi Burger to experience everything people have raved to me about. Everything started out great - assorted pickles, oxtail chili cheese fries with a fried egg on top, truffle Parmesan sweet potato fries with pineapple ketchup. Our server seemed to be having a rough day as she messed up our order several times and forgot to bring a coffee we ordered after asking about it on 4 separate occasions. I decided to go with the Shogun Burger ($26) which is Bachi's premium burger: wagyu beef prepared medium, foie gras, unagi, Asian pear and arugala. Something didn't taste right from the beginning but our server never even came by to ask how everything was and seemed way too busy to even want to bother her despite the fact we were sitting at the bar right in front of her. About halfway through the burger I deconstructed it to find out what was wrong and I realized the beef was the issue: over cooked, dry and completely flavorless. I spoke to the manager who came to the table in a very unpleasant manner and said she would take care of it. Upon returning she informed us that she had kindly removed 10% from the entire bill which sounded great but turned out to be $7 - $7 off of a $26 dry and flavorless burger. I told her it would not suffice and she informed me that since I had eaten half of the burger, that 10% is all she could do. She offered to make a new burger for FULL PRICE and I told her that is completely inappropriate. After she went back and showed my burger to the chef who was arguing with her in plain sight which allowed me to see and hear everything he was saying, he told her to comp the burger in disgust. She brought the bill back, threw it down in front of us and walked away without saying a word. I'm not saying this is a typical day at Bachi Burger but it was absolutely disgusting behavior. The burger was just bad. The meat was flavorless and the patty was about as thick as a Burger King Whopper patty - definitely not $26 restaurant quality, especially since the other burger that was ordered was a thick and juicy correctly prepared and very flavorful patty. To top it all off, the bathroom was a complete mess with what looked like food or possibly some human excrement ground into the floor: I nearly vomited at the sight. Despite all of this, I would not expect to have the same experience again and would give the place another shot and I would recommend it to others because there are so many options on the menu.In the end, they handled the bill correctly and comped the burger but they are completely ill prepared for handling these situations. Our server seemed so overwhelmed and busy that she was completely inattentive but was very kind and compassionate and apologized repeatedly for the quality of the food. A patron shouldn't have to argue their case for a $26 Burger - you're a restaurant, own up to your mistake and take care of it. A happy restaurant brings happy patrons who spend more and write great reviews.
5	Had seen Bachi Burger on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and HAD to go there.  It didn't disappoint!  I had Kiki's burger which had a sweet sauce, arugula garlic aioli, caramelized bacon and some other undefined, but incredible flavors.  My wife had the Mr. Miyagi which was smothered with onion rings and was excellent as well.  If you think you can't do anything new with onion rings, think again. They were incredible!  The place was packed but never lacked in service. They REALLY need to open one of these in Seattle.  Best burger I've ever eaten!
5	Trendy and loud on a Thursday night. My wife and I ordered two burgers and swapped 1/2's so we could sample two burgers each!  I had the Kimchee burger. I'll hit this place up again when I'm back in Vegas.
5	It's a casual burger joint with two tvs showing food network and cooking channels.  The hostess and the waitresses were very friendly.  We ordered the Ronin Burger with Wagyu and we both loved the taste!  My wife hates the beef taste, but she thought it was mild plus the pickled veggies counteracted the beef taste very well.  So that's a HUGE thumbs up for the meat...We ordered the truffle fries and if you love them crunchy, then these are the ones for you.  We finished the huge cone very quickly as a result.The last thing we ate was the pork belly bun.  It was SOOO tender and moist, and the bun is very light and fluffy, very similar to the buns used for Peking duck.  We actually had to fight for the third piece, but finally resolved to "split" it... meaning she had 3/4 of it while I got a small dot of meat and a little bun... heheI figured by then, everything should be delicious here, so I ordered the Portuguese donuts for a dessert.... ehh.  I didn't care for it,. The outside was good and crunchy with the cinnamon and sugar coating.  But unfortunately, the taste didn't permeate into the inside.  So it was just doughy... and not even fluffy doughy but very dense.  I wouldn't order it again.But overall, I would definitely recommend this awesome burger joint and will definitely go back!
4	Took the family here and we really enjoyed it. The service was fantastic and the food is very retro.
4	Triple D definitely found a winner here.  Bookmarked this place after seeing it on TV and am so glad that I did.  I would never have thought to order their infamous Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, however they were so delicious.  The plate was literally scraped clean.  Also their No Meat Here ... "Burger" was one of the very best vegetarian burgers I have ever had.  And I've eaten A LOT of veggie burgers.  Everything from the eggplant to the tofu to the mushroom patty was on point.  A really great combination of flavors.  I would definitely come back here, just to order this particular burger again.  In fact I can't wait to take my vegetarian sister here.  That's how good it is.
5	Love this place. I don't care how busy and how long I wait. The food is so good worth the wait.
4	I have been wanting to go here for a while. .. If you like sweet and refreshing try the Apple lichee Soda.  The oxtail chilli cheese frys are the way to go.  Also the Truffle Parm fries rock,  also don't be cheap order all your burgers in "wagu" aka america kobe. My suggestions are the kiki, black and green and the sho gun.
3	A few weeks ago, I went here with a couple of friends and my boyfriend for his birthday. It was my first time ever eating here and with all the praise that I've heard from this place, I had high expectations. It was Saturday lunch time and it was expected to be busy. It was a 40 minute wait but it wasn't too bad--I just wish that they would have additional seating other than the 8 they had inside the restaurant. However, this doesn't affect my review; more seats would have been nice.We were seated in and everything was so loud and fast-paced. Our server wasn't very good at listening to our orders however, but it was probably due to the loud noises (even though we practically yelled our orders). The server was also a bit irritating because when one of us wanted to get the burger cooked well-done, she asked if we wanted all the orders to come together since preparing a burger well-done would take a while and we said it was fine but she insisted on bringing the orders out as soon as they're done. We had to reassure her like 3 times that we wanted them out at the same time. I ordered the Ronin and it was very delicious, however I tried the Miyagi my boyfriend ordered and it was even better, but to me it wasn't THAT great like everyone said it to be. Same with their truffle fries--quite delicious, but nothing too special.Despite its deliciousness, I didn't think of it as being amazing as others think it is. I would come whenever I get the chance again, but it's nothing crave-worthy for me to come back ASAP.
3	my first visit to bachi was far from pleasant. I arrived just after opening on a Saturday. there were about five guest in the lobby, some eating and some awaiting service. behind the bar/line I counted six employees, one of which was the bar tender who was on the phone taking a call-in order. he made eye contact with me three times and still said nothing. shortly after, (and at the point that I was ready to leave) I was seated. I ordered the shotgun burger and a coke, which came quickly. during my meal I saw several employees chatting and playing on their phones in view of customers. the food is good but the customer service is lacking.
5	I love this place! My girlfriend and I come here every time we visit Vegas! One of the best burgers i've had, nothing compares tho bachi. Great customer service, the waiters are always super nice and always suggest great items on the menu!
5	While in town for NYE, a local friend brought me here for my first visit.  I'm awaiting their opening here in my hometown back in Southern California.  Yes the Oxtail Chili Cheese fries are awesome.  We also shared the Miyagi-San Burger and another that I cannot recall. One had a sweet purple taro bun and chinese sausage .  Busy place but they were quick to get us seated and served.  Everything was delicious and even with our appetites going big that night I still had some leftovers that hit the spot after a late night.  Best wishes to this company, I'm sure you have much more in store.
4	Am I lame for saying this was my most looked forward to place during my weekend Vegas getaway? At least it didn't disappoint! Unfortunately, this was a forced meal - as in, we came here on our way out of Vegas hungover af and not even hungry. But we ordered a lot of food anyway... For the two of us, we got the oxtail chili cheese fries, pork belly steamed buns, and the shogun burger. Oxtail chili cheese fries $11.50: This was really good! The chili was heavy in taste (good for the chili but can't say I know what oxtail tastes like) but I wish there was more cheese. Definitely a plate to be shared.Pork belly steamed buns $10: Very Asian tasting (good thing obviously)! The glaze on the pork belly is sweet (how it's supposed to be). Comes with three, definitely share this too!Shogun burger $26: The grand finale... The major components were wagyu beef, unagi (eel), and foie gras. There were no doubt LOTS of flavors but my bf thought it was too much. He wasn't a big fan of the unagi (but I was!). My issue with the burger was that it was way too oily. The combination of two days worth of alcohol and the greasiness of the burger (with the fries and pork belly too) was just too much for me to handle. I definitely had a stomach ache for the rest of the day - not that I'm blaming Bachi Burger. Was it worth $26? Mm I don't think so. I really like foie gras (bf is French) so putting it inside the burger was a bit of a waste to me. Though it did taste really good when I bit into it separately.Anyway, great place to try! I'd definitely come again when I'm around.
2	Went to Bachi Burger the other night in a group of 4. I have frequented this restaurant before and would give it 3 to 4 stars on those visit. This visit was different for the following reasons:1. We were put on a waiting list with our phone number so the hostess could call us. We returned to check on our spot and the hostess said she had just called our party. The hostess before did not communicate that they were using phone numbers. (must have been a shift change). Not a big deal by itself. We had good timing and did not lose our spot.2. Server did not introduce himself and was very cold and lacked any personality or genuine concern. While the service was not terrible it was definitely lacking. 3. We were going to split 4 burgers. we requested that our burgers be cut in quarters so we could do this easily. The server told us her could bring us steak knives but they wont serve it cut. I asked another server and she said the same thing.4. We decided to do one less burger since we were not able to have the burgers cut to share. We decided it would be too much of a project to try to do at our table with steak knives. Two of the people in our party were going to split a burger and the other two would have there own.5. We asked if it was possible to get the burger that was being shared cut in half. It was a plain Jane burger and I was sure the kitchen could handle this. This resulted in a female staff member who I assume was a manager visiting my table to explain that they did not want to cut the burger because it would change the presentation(the cook wants the presentation his way) and the kitchen is really busy, "so in order to expedite the cooking process they would prefer not to cut the burger". This was a bit of an insult to anyone who has worked in the culinary world not to mention a paying guest.6. The manager took a uncompromising position as I did let her know this. The server hawked over our table the remainder of the visit, most likely to try to regain any lost tip (we still tipped 20%). In summary, the food was good, but there are plenty of burger joints in the Las Vegas area, many of which I will visit more frequently in place of Bachi Burger. They are pricey as well in comparison to more established burger joints.The customer service aspect and the arrogant manner in which the manager handled a simple request was what drove down this experience the most. My sister reminded me on this visit that she had previously come here and the chef refused to add lettuce to a burger because "it would change the taste profile of the food".Advice to the chef: despite your enthusiasm for what YOU want, what YOU want comes second to what the GUEST wants. The guest is paying for a product as well as an experience. Without us, the GUESTS, YOU are out of a job.Advice to the manager/supervisor: If you want to help the business grow as well as add to your professional success you will have a much easier road granting a special request rather than insulting your patrons intelligence by discussing logistics of a burger kitchen. In the time it took to give your enthusiastic lecture on expediting product from the kitchen, you might have been able to cut 20 or 30 burgers or maybe even grant a simple request to go above and beyond your current set of service standards. Instead we ordered one less burger on this visit, skipped desert and probably wont be back. YOUR JOB IS TO ENSURE GUEST SATISFACTION WHILE CREATING GUEST/BRAND LOYALTY. THE GUEST IS ALWAYS RIGHT. WITHOUT THEM YOU WOULD NOT HAVE A JOB.
4	It was fortunate I was in Las Vegas for a business trip.  My brother mentioned how great Bachi burger was and I had to stop by.  He recommended the Alaskan Cod burger and the Ox Tail chili cheese fries.  The best burger I've eaten so far.  My friend had a Wagyu burger (name of the burger escapes me).  Although the Wagyu burger was great tasting as well, the Alaskan Cod burger felt light and had a great taste to it.  The buns on the burger were soft.  Although the burger has a tall look, you can press it down to fit into your mouth.   I didn't find anything special with the Ox tail chili cheese fries.  I will get one of these burgers every time I stop by Vegas.
5	Best burgers in VEGAS hands down!!! Miyagi is the best! Ox tail chili fries are BOMBASTIC FANTASTIC with fried egg of course...and they have a great selection of Japanese beers. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND!!
5	Bachi burger never fails! My favorite is the Mr. Ho's burger and a taro boba. The Bachi pickles and truffle parmesan fries are a must as well!
5	Yelpsters and the locals raved about this place so I stopped by for lunch and was not to be disappointed.  Ordered the Truffle parmesan fries which is enough for 2 people and the Spicy Miso Burger.  The picture does not do these items justice as this Asian fusion burger was over the top in my book and the truffle parmesan fries was one of the best that I have had. Service standards were top notch as I noticed the servers and bussers worked as a team and it was apparent that cleanliness in the "front of the house" was spot on!
5	I absolutely love this place.  It is a bit pricy but it's so worth it!  The oxtail chili cheese fries are AMAZING (and huge for an appetizer).  I've tried several burgers here but the Ronin burger is my favorite.  They also have a pretty decent beer selection for such a small place.  The last time we were there they had set up tables out on the patio so I'm looking forward to that during the summer!  This is a must visit if you're on this side of town.
3	I have been to Bachi Burger 5 times now and here is my take on it. This is definitely a nice place to go to for a unique tasting burger & appetizers. I mean that in a good way of course, however, the reason I am not giving this place 5 stars has nothing to do with menu items or cuisine, but rather the inconsistency of quality. It is quite obvious that they have one or two really good chefs that are phenomenal cooks, and all the others are pretty much bench players.Now, I don't know how many chefs they have but I came to this conclusion through logical reasoning, for I couldn't imagine their star chef having such an off day that they would produce "BBQ in the park with friends" quality food. So, the first 2 visits were great and then one bad, one good, and the last bad. It seems that on the busy days, like on a weekend, are the best times to go which were my first to visits. The other three visits were done through the weekdays, so if you go through the week my experience has been hit or miss (but as the record stands more miss during the week). Although, if you are interested in a boba tea just shy away, especially, if you ever been to any boba place on Spring Mountain (China Town) for you will be very disappointed.
5	Love this place! I had a miyagi-san, a wagyu burger w/ crispy onion strings, bacon, a fried egg, and an awesome BBQ type glaze. It was on a soft, eggy, sweet roll. Bangin burger! And cheaper than anything comparable you'd find on the strip The truffle parm fries were some of the best I've had. They porcini mushroom sauce on them is soooo good. And the roasted red pepper aioli is the perfect complement. The fried chicken appetizer was also awesome! Everything we had was so good! I'm definitely hitting this place up again when I'm back in Vegas!
4	Be sure to bring your appetite because after you see the menu you will want to order several things. My fiance and I ordered two burgers, both of which were huge and delivered a pack of flavor with each bite, we also split the Oxtail fries. The fries were so different and I can only describe it like fireworks in my mouth. We couldn't finish it because it's just so much food along with the burgers but we did not regret ordering all that we did. The fries  started getting a little soggy so I wouldn't want to take it back to my hotel. Service was just okay and the night wasn't very busy. We came later in the evening and it was during the week. Refills took a long time, which is needed, when you're trying to eat all this rich food.
4	I always forget to write a review while I'm there.. Im not a huge burger fan so it has to be pretty amazing to impress me. I actually look forward to eating a burger if were going here!! The parmesan fries, fried egg on a burger.. Its always slammed packed but worth the wait. The service could be a little better but the food is absolutely worth it.
5	The best burger I've ever had in my liiiiife: Miyagi sans grass fed wagyu burger. Seriously, order it and be happy.Great service & beverage options. Their ube boba shake was delicious! I have to come to this place every time I'm in Vegas.
5	I ate here on my birthday and then I seriously dreamt about it for days on end so I had to come back within a week.  The Miyagi-san burger is amaaaazeeee and so are the oxtail chili cheese fries & truffle parmesan fries.Service is great, but they seem really rushed.  I don't mind, because I'd rather spend more time eating my food than talking to the server.
3	So I recently went to this place to satisfy my cravings as it had been over 6 months ago, or even longer since my last fixin here. I can't remember bc it's been way too long. If you had asked me to rate this place a year ago, it would've been a solid 4.5 stars! Now, it has fallen down quite a bit as with their new renovations of adding an extended bar, (limiting their space to seat customers) and the huge lack of customer service...I for sure thought that didn't really matter to me as the food is the only reason why I even came. That got shot down quickly as my bahnmi burger was just not the same as before. It was too salty and the patty was way too dry. What happened to the yummy pickled veggies?? Maybe it was just an off night for the chef, but I will say I'm willing to try again. My lychee martini was tasty, but bartender left chunks of ice in it. Let's just hope this was an off night!
1	The worst service I've ever had! The burger I had left me sick for 3 days the first time I came here. The 2nd time I came I waited for 40 minutes just to get a glass of water and greeted. The worst!
4	Burgers are excellent... especially for Las Vegas.  There isn't a crazy plethora of burger places here like there are in So. Cal.  However, its too busy and super disorganized.  Its a poor use of space and the staff isn't trained well enough.  They should learn to maximize use of the space and at least seat people.  They're not the most accommodating so its hard for me to bring people or go back even though I loved the food.  The service isn't great.  They tend to forget things and they can't seem to keep everything moving.  I wish I could make this a regular spot because its just as good as umami (which has smaller portion sizes) and stout (with more food options... but much less beer choices) but I won't wait this long just to get a burger.  It would be great to have a bar area or find a way to get people in more quickly.
5	We were just off the plane from a very long flight from the east coast and we were pretty hungry. My guy suggested bachi burger based on reviews on line. I must comment that this restaurant is super.  The waitstaff was more than courteous and accommodating . She explained a lot of the menu and we made our selections based on her selections which were spot on. The burgers were terrific and the salt and pepper fries luscious.  The Arnold Palmer was so so but we weren't there for the drinks anyway. Bachi is well worth your time if you are in Vegas.
5	Came here from LA to visit friends and we went to Bachi Burger for lunch. I gotta say, their burgers are juicy and so delicious! I highly recommend this place to anyone that's craving for an awesome burger. I had the Miyagi-San burger. If you'd like an egg on your burger then gotta give this one a try. And the oxtail chili cheese fries go great with the burger as well. The service was great too, great staff.  I can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	The food is consistently fantastic. Love the Miyagi burger and the salted Carmel shake is AMAZING. Only negative is that the service is kind of hit or miss.  However, they have great take out service so problem solved
4	the fish burger here is good and comes w/ a sweet sauce that's yummy.  i also tried the shishito peppers and the house salad.  my friends also got the oxtail chili cheese fries, fried chicken, sweet potato fries and truffle fries, and they said it was all good.
5	HOLY CRAP!!!! THE BEST BURGERS EVER!!!!!!!!I went to Bachi Burger last weekend and it was so amazing!! If you live in Vegas, or you're there for vacation and you're sober enough to drive off the strip for a little bit, then you have to come here!  It is a pretty small restaurant so I would suggest that you get there early or you will end up waiting for over an hour.The food is the perfect mix of Asian and comforting deliciousness.  I would definitely recommend the chili cheese fries. They come with a fried egg on top of it!!! I mean come on! How could you not want that?? I also got the miyagi san burger.  I would recommend it if you like onion rings and fried eggs in your burger. I can say that there is absolutely nothing bad about this burger place and if you think there is then you're obviously a bad person.
5	More than a review this a request or better yet a plead, dear Bachi owner please open a Bachi restaurant in Portland, it has been more than 6 months since I moved from Las Vegas and I can not find a decent burger that vaguely resembles the taste of the Ronin, the Kiki, or the Miyagi San, I truly believe that Bachi had ruined any burger I may try, because all the time me an my family are comparing it to your Burgers!Hoping to see Bachi around in Portland! otherwise I may need to seriously consider becoming a VEGETARIAN...
5	This was amazingggggggggggg!!! I can't even remember what type of hamburger I had but I remember that it was amazing and I would go there alot of there was one near me. They have some weird combos that make you look sideways but once you have them you won't think twice about going back. They had us in and out very quickly with great service.
4	Only been here a couple of times due to a busy life but I would recommend this place first when it comes to an INCREDIBLE burger! Moist and succulent Wagyu beef with a fried egg and crispy onion rings on the Miyagi-San burger is just an intro to the palate. The Japanese BBQ sauce and aioli kick it out if this world! On top of all of that I got the truffle fries and now I think my burger life is ruined cause I don't want any old burger from any where else! These Truffle Fries are the BOMB! Served with a sun dried tomato aioli and drizzled with a truffle sauce and Parmesan cheese-really?! Holy freaking shazbot!! Service here is excellent(attentive, friendly, courteous)! Summer time at this restaurant is going to be busy so get here now and enjoy before the crowds invade!! I'll try the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries next time!
3	My rating would be 2 1/2 if that were available.Overpriced fro what you get and does not live up to the hype.
5	I was looking for a good place to eat that was not on the Strip and found this place with 4 stars and decided to give it a try. I was not disappointed. Not being very hungry, we ordered the Pork belly steam bun, kiki's burger, and ronin burger.We went for the pork belly instead of the duck for steamed bun because it is all about the fat. They grilled the pork belly to perfection. The fluffiness and chewiness of the steamed bun combined with the crusty, melt-in-you-mouth goodness, the buns were gone in a minute.I was sold when I read that there is shiitake mushroom and other mushrooms in the Kiki's burger along with caramelized bacon, onion marmalade, gruyere cheese and garlic chili aioli. For me to finish a burger when I am not very hungry, you know how delicious this burger is.My companion ordered the ronin burger with the wagyu patty and fried egg. It looked impressive, but tasted alright in comparison to my kiki's. Great place if you have a car when you visit Las Vegas. You will not be disappointed. Did I mention my Kiki's burger was only $11? Tell that to someone in California or New York, they'd be pissed!
5	Best burger joint around! I highly recommend the crab cake burger... I always make sure to order me a taro boba drink as well, yum!! Excellent restaurant to take people visiting Vegas. Fun menu and delicious food!!
5	Best burger in town. Baci burger and hash house are #1 - #2 respectively. The creations at Baci are superb. The slight taste of  pineapple in ketchup is a great spin on ketchup. Fried egg and onion rings on burger was the shit! 5 stars.
5	Absolutely the best burger in Las Vegas... or quite possibly in the US?Most of my experience comes from the San Francisco Bay Area, and I've tried dozens of places, if not hundreds, from cheap burger joints to upscale restaurants. Like Umami Burger, Roam Artisan Burgers, 4505 Meats, Mission Beach Cafe, SuperDuper, Chow, Marlowe, or even Spruce... Some of them were fantastic, but Bachi goes even further. My wife agrees.I don't know what makes us addicted to their burgers, but I'm pretty sure they put some kind of cocaine in the ingredients. We need to blow a whistle to invite DEA to stop this madness. But before doing that, please allow me to have one last bite of the Miyagi-san burger... or the Kiki burger... or the Ronin burger... or the Just Fries... oh please help me!
2	Decent burger but outrageously overhyped. Horrible wait around lunch time and definitely too expensive for what it was. I'd recommend a lot of other burgers before I'd ever recommend this place
5	They got this down. The chef is the best. He definitely knows how to please peoples pallets. amazing food and great staff. I recommend everyone to come and dine here.
4	I absolutely love their food, sometimes they don't have the best service but I keep coming back for the food. You can come here multiple times and try different combosAlso the best part about the restaurant it's open late.
2	Not at all what I expected.. The set up is all wrong from the lighting to the tables as we were being seated your running into the workers and customers theres no aisle room. My 10 yr old ordered a hamburger, when she took a bite she didnt like it so I mom switched burgers, when we got the bill I was shocked to see that the burger she ordered was $26 thats right my caring waitress never warned me that my 10 yr old was ordering a $26 burger, and to add to that it had a type of fish in it. The burgers that my husband and 18 yr old and me ordered were $12, thats why we let my daughter choose a burger we had no idea there was such a pricey burger and what waitress lets that happen, obviously not a caring one. Trust me this burger joint is not worth your money. I would suggest steak n shake burgers at South Point casino wayy better.
1	We had the absolute experience here.So when we arrived, it was around 2 and we checked in to put our name down on the waiting list. We were told that it would take around 45 minutes which is kind of crazy for a couple of burger but we walked across the street to Vons (there is nothing to do around the neighborhood). After 40 minutes we went back and saw that there was still 13 groups ahead of us. UM WHAT IN THE WORLD. I hope you seat those people in 5 minutes.NOPE. We waited another 45 minutes until we were called. An HOUR AND A HALF for burgers? WHAT WERE WE THINKING. So already in a bad mood, we were seated. They took our drink orders and food orders (we took a look at the menu while we were waiting).Now here's the best part. WE WAITED ANOTHER 30 MINUTES FOR THE FOOD TO COME. NOT EVEN THE FRIES CAME. SIMPLE FRIES THAT SHOULD TAKE MAX 10 MINUTES TO MAKE. So when we got the food we were terribly grumpy and unhappy with the service. The burgers were not as good as I expected and not as good as waiting total 2 hours for it. Yes, it was better quality than let's say in and out but not terrific.So overall, I was not angry because of the hour and a half I waited to be seated because it's not their fault that they are popular and in high demand. What is ridiculous is the fact that even after they seated us their service was like a snail's.
2	The service is why I am giving this place 2 stars. The food offered is nothing new when it comes to niche burger joints, the quality and taste were very good I must say. Service both times we've been here however was lacking in sincerity and in execution. We ordered for desert the chocolate/peanut butter Souflee which takes 20 minutes to come out. When that desert came out out other desert hadn't came out yet. Another 15 minutes passed and still no second desert ( Portugese donuts and gelato). When I brought this to their attention and said I no longer wanted the desert then 2 minutes later it came out. I was so upset at that and that there was no apology or explanation so i just payed my bill and left.
3	I'm middle of the road on this one. After watching this local joint on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives Guy F. did a great job talking this place up. I think it left me with super high expectations, so I'm trying to be fair here.The food itself was really good. I had an entree salad, hubs had oxtail fries. I don't think the portion sizes matched the price tag; after tip $28! I get that you pay for quality ingredients, but on an entree salad I doubt the amount of chicken I was served really justified a $10 price tag considering the portion size.I was a little bothered by the lack of description of the dish. My salad for example said: House Salad, description: free-range chicken. Nothing else. What bothered me is I had to ask about dressing, didn't think to ask about what else is in it as house salads are pretty generic. So color me shocked when it came with walnuts. Um, what if I had a severe nut allergy? Don't you think that might have changed my order?The atmosphere was... dull. Waitress had 0 personality, the clientele was yuppy-hipster types (not my thing). The place had no personality, just some enlarged photos of Japanese store fronts.I don't know. I just didn't get it. 5 star on taste, 2 star on everything else, meet in the middle for a 3 star on yelp.
5	Gourmet burgers? Heck yes! Thanks Smitcha B. for this recommendation on our weekend trip to Las Vegas. First off, you will have to wait for a table. They're always packed here but for very good reasons: Asian fusion gourmet $10 burgers. Worth it when you're visiting Las Vegas or live out there. Plentiful appetizers: Oxtail chili fries (delish), roasted duck Chinese rolls (Bao), yes please. Gourmet burgers? I don't remember the name of my burger but I think I scarfed it down in a matter of minutes (it was that good). They also have good beers and service here. This location off of Windmill is about 5-10 south of the Strip (I-15S).
5	This place definitely lived up to the hype! The boyfriend and I stopped by at dinner time for our weekly date night, and could not have been more pleased! The food was every bit as delicious as it looked like in the photos, and decently priced. The service was great as well. Our waitress was adorable, I believe her name was Ashley G., and she was very attentive along with the rest of the service staff. I had the spicy miso burger, and my boyfriend had the myiagi-san burger. Both were amazing! I definitely recommend that you stop by this place for your gourmet burger fix rather than braving the strip and racking up a $100 bill for something that leaves you hungry 20 minutes later. We will definitely be back.
5	Awesome burgers.  The sauces for the sweet potato fries and parmesan truffle fries are the most original sauces I've had.  No boring ketchup here.  We sat at the bar area cause we did not have time to wait for a table.  The bartender/waiter was very polite and professional.  He did a great job taking care of us while being busy with constant drink orders from other waitresses.
5	The portions and flavors are perfect! Love the Pork Belly Steamed Buns, Mr. Ho Burger and Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries!
5	When we first discovered this place several years back, it was new, unknown, typically empty, and completely wonderful. Now, due to that darn mystery of social media, everyone knows about it, you have to wait even if you arrive during off hours, but... it is still wonderful! They've really kept the quality and fun! We're regulars when we can spend some time in Vegas. Perhaps we'll move to Vegas just so we can eat here more often :-)
4	Ronin burger was really good.. highly recommend!Kiki burger was alright.. nothing special for $11.Truffle fries were good its definitely worth a try.The oxtail chili fries I thought was overrated.. there was barely any meat and it came out after 3/4 of my burger was already devoured. Honestly.. just go to Wienerschnitzel, order chilli cheese fries and throw an egg over it! After the first couple bites that is exactly what it taste like.. plus you can save yourself $7!I usually set in-n-out as the gold standard for burgers with 5 stars because it such good deal.. but if you want gourmet burgers and something different this place is worth a try.
5	We came here while visiting a friend out here. Omg eat here. It's so fantastic. The salt and pepper garlic fries were super tasty. Me and my friend spilt the Kiki burger and the spicy miso. Both were great. Can't really go wrong with anything in the menu. Hidden gem for sure!
3	Food is good here but what's up with the servers? You can tell most of them are not fully trained and they just lacked in customer service.
5	Probably the best burger I've ever eaten! The pork belly buns were succulent an flavorful. The burger was so juicy and the seasoning is spot on for a ban Mai. The fried are excellent and I am so stuffed that I'm going into a food coma now so I think I need to stop typing! A must when you're visiting in Vegas!
5	I've attempted to come to Bachi Burger the last 3x I've been to Vegas and I FINALLY got to try it this last trip! There's always a long wait and now I can see why. The hype was real. We started with oxtail chili cheese fries and truffle fries. Both made my stomach so happy. If that were the only things I got to try this trip I would've left completely satisfied. I'm pretty much a sucker for anything with a fried egg on top. The fries were crispy, the chili was tasty, and the sunny side egg just completed the dish. The truffle fries came with a brown sauce on top. I have not the slightest idea of what it was, but it sure added to my truffle fries experience.Also on the list of things I ordered were pork belly steamed buns with the houses sauce on the side. The pork belly was crispy on the sides and had so much flavor! (I'm drooling again...) BF ordered the spicy miso burger medium. It was saucy and messy and just the way I like my burgers. My experience with burgers have always been... The messier they are the happier I am with it. They also own the ramen spot next door and you can order ramen if that's more your craving. I can't wait to come back for more oxtail fries.
2	Oh Bachi - it hurts me to write this review, but I do it out of love!I love Bachi's food, burgers, and drinks, but they are seriously losing their edge. I had heard disappointed reviews from my friends and checked it out for myself.There was a wait, but that is to be expected at Bachi. My date and I didn't mind eating at the bar like we normally do, but the host told us we couldn't. When we asked why, he said that different managers had different policies, so because we did it last time didn't mean we could do it this time, but maybe we could next time. Seriously? That's weird. We grabbed drinks at the bar while we waited.When we were seated, I asked for a cider cocktail, as advertised on their chalk board, but they were out of their draft cider. Ok. Waiter suggested a different drink which I ordered. We waited...waited...waited...our food finally came - but my drink still had not come! My date ordered a beer when our food arrived and called attention to the fact that I still didn't have my drink. The waiter said it would be just a minute.We were checked on by another employee and mentioned the missing drinks. She said it would be just a minute. I did finally get my drink, which was yummy, halfway through my burger.-Long wait-Inconsistent policies about where people can eat-Keg out-Bad service-Getting a drink after getting my food-No apology or acknowledgmentBachi - I would have ordered another drink and dessert, but I didn't even get to finish my drink - what gives? Please return to your former 5 star glory!
4	Stopped by this place after my friends that I was with in Vegas wanted to go after seeing it on Diners Drive ins and Dives.The funny thing was only one of us actually ordered a burger, but the ox tail chili fries, which were featured was really good.  Definitely a must.  I got the spicy chicken with some rice and onion rings.  The onion rings were amazing.  I could have easily have eaten another order, by myself.  Also a must.  The chicken was good as well.  It hit the spot for me that day.  My friends each ordered the buns, one with duck one with pork belly.   The burger looked good and my friend said that it was pretty good.  I also got a milk tea with boba.They seemed to have merged with the Ramen place next door (which is how i was able to get some rice with my chicken) so there were items on the menu that were not something you would expect at a burger place.We were there on a Friday at lunch time and we did wait for a bit.  There were quite a few people waiting in front of us for a weekday.  Once we were seated, service was great.
5	Drop your phone, stop glancing at Bachi's Yelp photos, shut the front door (quoted from Triple D) and order the RONIN burger. Have it done medium-rare. The Ronin burger left us wanting more. We also ordered the Miyagi-san burger. My friend likes it done medium and it wasn't as up to par and as savory as the Ronin. It looked excellent in presentation though.The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries is a must get! It's a great item to share among 3-4 buddies. The part I liked most was the fried egg that they top the fries with. Genius.In the span of our less than an hour savory visit here, we were helped by at least 4-5 waitresses/waiters. Everyone is so nice and attentive! The best experience I've had at a burger joint. (i.e. my friends and I were failing horribly at taking an #oscarselfie and a very kind waiter immediately rushed to our assistance at full speed. So very kind and extremely attentive! Thank you so much, everyone at Bachi!
5	I went to this joint back in feb 2014 and was the first of several highly-anticipated-first-timers.  Rumor has it the place was feature on "diners, drive-in, n dives" (I'm sure I got the name of the show with Guy F. wrong)... I will only review what my hubby and I had and experienced.Service - 5/5. since we were one of the early arrivers: ordered, ate, and paid the tab all within 45 minFries with truffle and aioli sauce - 5/5. damn, it's good and fresh off the fryer.Sweet bun with roast duck and sauce - 4/5. it was only good.  I had better at authentic Chinese restaurants.Shogun burger (my other half's breakfast of the day) - 10/5. YES, 10/5!!! IT WAS THAT DAMN GOOD.  I was only lucky to stole a bite out of the shogun while my hubby was bz with his phone researching our next destination of the day. The $25 shogun is worth every penny! It is worth a trip back to this place just for the burger. Vietnamese ice coffee - 4/5. Usually when I'm hungry, everything should be better, but this didn't do it.Overall, because of the shogun burger and the estimated mean, I gave it all the stars it deserve.  If the joint opens one up in northern Cali with the same or higher standard, I would never dine there, instead I will quit my job so I can work there as many days as I can to eat the mouth watering burger daily;
4	Bachi takes burgers to a whole new level! Oxtail chili cheese fries are tasty! Although Johnny prefers the truffle parm fries -which are also amazing!  The shogun burger is my go to burger, but today I decided to try the miyagi-San burger and it's was yummy! The chili mayo paired with the grass fed wagyu beef with furikaki and onion rings were a tasty treat.  Definitely try this burger :) Honestly for me, nothing beats the shogun burger. Foie gras and wagyu pair together so wonderfully! The presentation alone is executed exceptionally.  The first bite is heavenly. Juicy. Flavorful. Surprising. Yes I am still talking about the shogun! If you got the extra cash to fork up $26 for a burger do so! It sounds like a lot for meat slapped between 2 buns, but it's well worth it! Overall a nice modern style restaurant with attentive staff! Clean. Cohesive. Prompt. Great service and always smiling faces!!!!
3	Barely warm warm food, below average service, truffle fries bland, steamed pork belly rolls bland, sausage appetizer barely warm by the time it was served, did I mention below average service...that is being gracious.  Based on the menu and prices, I expected great food, above average service. Between each course I ordered, the waitress took the dirty fork and knife and placed it on the table...nice mustard stains...I cleaned the mess for her as she was oblivious.   The people next to my table sent a burger back two times before it was medium well as requested by the lady.  They asked for a manager...while apologetic, she said the staff should do this, that, whatever, apologized again, said the staff really should have done better, but it seems to happen,  Sorry.  Come back again. I had to ask three times for the waitress to bring a glass for a beer.  The bill was dropped off before the dessert arrived, three people hovered six times to see if the bill was signed while eating dessert.  I spent $45 + tip for one person and did not receive anything beyond Denny's level of service.  The Portuguese donuts were very good...the only thing I tried that was up to par.  Great concept, lousy staff training and execution.  A seriously poor execution...and the place was at about 20% capacity, plenty of staff awaiting a dinner rush....they should be in a training refresher meeting  before the rush hit.  I wanted to like it.  Three stars is really 2.5.
2	I'm writing this review as a long time customer who will never return.  I've been eating here a couple of times a month since they opened. At first I used to go in with my family and friends, but eventually the service sucked so bad I started taking my food to go.  No big deal, as I live two blocks away, and I still loved the food. Recently they instituted a policy that you had to give a credit card number to place a to go order. That's right folks, you have to give your personal financial information to a nameless stranger over the phone for...a cheeseburger.  Ridiculous. I often pick up burgers on my way home from work, so I just told them I couldn't give a cc number since I was driving.   They were often cautiously polite, asking for reassurance that I would actually show up...for a cheeseburger.  Tonight I called as usual, and the young lady on the phone refused to take my order.  "If you're already on your way here, then why don't you just order when you get here?" Oh, really?Look, I'm not going to knock the food. Despite all of the poor service and B.S., I've still been eating here for three years. It's that good. But I'm going to miss it. It's not worth it anymore.   I've been in the restaurant biz for twenty years, fifteen of them in Las Vegas. I know how these things work, and I can tell you that the flaws of this business are the fault of the ownership. I'm guessing it's owned by a chef, because the food, concept, and consistency of product are great. But they are clueless about how to run the front of the house. Lack of training, no supervision, (I've eaten here dozens of times and never seen anyone resembling a real manager) and ridiculous policies that no one with a clue about customer service would implement. It's too bad. I'll miss it. But I won't return.
3	Too much hype, in my opinion. The place was fun and busy! I really did have a good time here, but I honestly felt like I've had much better burgers before. I love their creativity though! I'll still come here again, but it isn't the best I've ever had. I ordered the oxtail fries with my family. This dish was the restaurant's saving grace for me. These fries were crisp and the chili was tasty and meaty! Sooooo incredibly good, but fries aren't supposed to be what makes a burger place. I got the Kalbi Burger. I ordered my kimchi on the side since I wanted to avoid it overpowering my burger. I'm glad I did because that kimchi was disappointing to me. Their kimchi is too sweet in my opinion, not up my alley. The burger was alright. I really liked the soft bun, but the patty was just okaye. What I was impressed with were the size of the burgers, since all the pictures make the burgers look smaller than they really are. I was really full after I finished, but it was just an okay burger to me. Maybe everything just didn't come together for me because in writing this review, I feel like the burger sounds special and promising, but that's not really what I was left feeling.The service was nice though! Every one was very quick to pick up any trash. The place was very clean even though it was so busy. Eh, give it a try for yourself. It is worth a try.
5	I read all the reviews & decided to take my husband. We LOVED it! We started with ox tail chili cheese fries & they were delish! I don't remember which burgers we got, but we both loved them. We will be going back the next time we're in Vegas.
5	The Mr. Ho and Miyagi San burger is out of this world! By far the best burger i've ever had. The bread is so soft and lightly toasted. The burger is big and juicy! With a side of oxtail chili cheese fries and a glass of strawberry lemonade, i can easily say I've had the best of the best. Can't wait to go back to this place.
5	Delicious burgers and milkshakes, friendly staff, AWESOME music selection (EDM lol). This place is a must-try!
5	Favorite burger.
5	Great service and amaaaazing burgers! The taste and combinations are spot on! I had the Ronin burger and I became it's master! Nom Nom nom!My friends got the Kiki burger and loved it!The meat is soooo tender and melts in your mouth, the perfectly toasted sweet buns and tasty aoli's are the perfect match for these fusion burgers!Can't wait to come back, will defiantly be a stop before going back to LA anytime I'm in Vegas
2	I'm dinging this place because the front of house is absolute trash, the food is wonderful but twice in a row now they have lost our place on the waiting list and seated 3+ parties that came in after us before and then when I inquire I watch the host stare at a bunch of illegible chicken scratch and pretend he knew where our name was there is no reason there should be a 45 Minute wait on a Monday next time Ill just go elsewhere which is a crying shame because the food is wonderfulEdit: Chris is an awesome waiter the review is in no way a reflection of the service he provided sit in his section if you can get seated!
5	The burgers are delicious! Also I love the sweet potato fries. Can't wait to go back!
5	By far the best burger I have ever had. Its a hidden gem that everyone needs to visit.
4	Fun Asian fusion burgers off the beaten path of the Las Vegas Strip.// FOOD //      + Oxtail Fries: Believe the hype. Gooey fries topped with tender bits of oxtail     + Pork belly bun: Not NYC's Momofuku or Ippudo worthy, but a decent version.      + Kiki burger: Topped with a variety of different mushrooms and has a sweet finish with the sweet onions. The burgers look small, but are so thick, that you definitely get full.      + Miyagi-San: Onion rings and a fried egg? Heaven. *Tip: For you Southern Californian-ers, Bachi Burger is coming to Sawtelle on the westside!
5	Second visit, if you worship great burgers then try it out. Some of the favors might not be for everyone but they work for me. Fresh, fast, fun and fantastic. Having tried the calamari, the sweet potato fries and several of the burgers I love their food.
5	ok ive been here twice so far and both times ive been very satisfied..both times i got the ox tail chili fries which is a must must try..its sooo good..the first time i made my own burger which was good but i wanted to try one of their specialty burgers..so this time around i tried the Ronin burger which was awesome..the meat is so juicy and tasty and the toppings were spot on..I will definitely be back and back and back!!
2	Just got here and you can no longer eat at the bar....bummer for a single person. A waste of unused space tonight. Also waitress knew NOTHING about the beer selection. Asked for my regular selection of arrogant bastard and it took her ten min to tell me they did not have it tonight. She knew nothing about any other beer. Finally got a beer after eating my meal. Not good. Burger ok but not so good without a beer!
3	Bachi Burger was recommended to us by a colleague and since it was on the way from Las Vegas, my friends and I decided to stop by. It was so busy that the wait was 45 minutes so we ended up just ordering to-go. But even the to-go took 30 minutes. At that point we just wanted to leave and go home. I ordered the regular bachi burger and it was alright. I wouldn't say that it is a must have. With the price I paid, I'd rather go to In N Out and have a whole combo with a drink and fries honestly. Maybe it was because we ordered to-go instead of sitting down for the meal and having drinks as well, but I think Bachi Burger is just okay.
4	I had originally heard about this place from the food networks 'Diners,Drive-ins and Dives' tv show. This place was a bit out of the way on our trip to vegas but it was worth it. The service was really great and we were a group of 6 so they gave a lot of good menu suggestions. We all ordered something different (not on purpose) and we were all satisfied when we left. I ordered the shogun burger which was really good and was extremely filling on its own. I shared the truffle fries with a friend just to see what they tasted like and i was not disappointed, i recommend them. Overall a great dining experience and DDD was right again.
4	So we tried Bachi Burger finally, and I have to say that the burgers are tasty, but a little over-priced for what it is.  The buns are delectable, and the meat definitely is a higher grade of meat, but overall the a-la-carte pricing makes you wonder about your pocket book compared to other burger joints.Definitely a great idea made off of the Asian fusion with burgers though. It probably doesn't help that the to-go isn't packaged as nicely as say... Chilis and thus you feel that the to-go crowd doesn't get quite the same service as those inside the restaurant.You'll run about $15 a person or so without drinks.Burgers are $7-15, and if you want fries, another $3-6.   My suggestion?  Always get medium to medium rare. The well-done wasn't done all the way through (some pink) and it looked like they charred some of the outside which meant the heat was too great to cook the insides before the outside burned.Don't get me wrong, it's great food, but getting it to-go found a less than heartening experience considering.
4	I've been wanting to go here for a while, so when I had the chance to go whilst in Vegas for a short 22-hour stint, I made sure this place was on my list.Oh, I am so glad we waited the 30 minutes or so to get in here. We ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries, onion rings, a couple of Miyagi-San burgers and a Ronin.I don't know about the Ronin, but my Miyagi-San was freaking delicious! And the oxtail fries were not a letdown. I cannot wait to go back.The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars is because I wanted to order a drink from their menu that's behind the bar and the waitress told me that the menu was obsolete. Weird. Maybe that should be taken down?
5	I'm so obsessed with Bachi Burger that I got my friends obsessed with it too. My sister visited me and she loved it so much that we went here two days in a row... Wow, that's just another level of embarrassing, dedication, love and obesity. I'm glad the staff was different!
4	I had the Ronin. He had the Black and Green. The house salad was exceptional with the orange vinegar dressing. Yum!  The citrus dipping sauce that came with the sweet potato fries was really good. The pineapple ketchup with the regular fries was to DIE for!  Both burgers were very well done. We will go back. A little pricey for burgers, but I wasn't mad.  Ambiance felt a little rushed and the waiters didn't inform us of much for being first timers. Seats aren't the most comfortable. If you are craving a burger, this is the place to go. Of you want just an ordinary burger, don't. Coffee mint shake with vodka was good. About $76 with tip.
3	I love all things oxtail,so I was excited to try their oxtail chilly fries. It was ok but the strong and salty flavor of the chilly overcome the delicate taste of the ox tail. That was a small let down for me. One order of the fries was enough to feed both us. We also got the Kiki burger which is excellent and banh mi burger which is ok. I eat tons of Vietnamese sandwiches everywhere. I will save my money and get a real banh mi else instead. I will come back and try more burgers and the truffle fries along with dessert since they look very good. Bottom line: good quality food and hip place.
4	My husband and I love Bachi !  The food is always on point. Hubby always gets a burger and I always get the Bachi fish. This sandwich is so amazing. I would never have ever ordered it on my own (cod doesn't excite me, as I'm filipina and enjoy more "interesting" fish than just fish stick fish), but I went with a friend and tried a bite. I was sold ever since.  I either get the Bachi fish or the duck buns. A locally owned, small business bakery (Lelysee) does the buns and they are outstanding!I like this location so much better than the Sahara location, but service is always very slow (worse at Sahara). But, I would rather go to eat great food with mediocre/bad service than vice versa!!
1	I don't know how the food is because the service was so poor from the front desk girl, we decided to leave instead. She was extremely rude from the start and even took 2 calls while we waited to ask her about the takeout wait time. She did not acknowledge us, and by the time she did she already had an attitude. They need to learn a thing or two about customer service.
5	Gotta love the gourmet burgers with an Asian twist. Actually got my pal and her friend from Chicago to try the place and it passes the "Chicago Test"...being that everyone I know from there is picky about food...Chinese sausage, 3 kinds of mushrooms or maybe Korean BBQ and Kim chi on a burger sound weird? Maybe but it's REALLY GOOD STUFF
4	My friend recommended this place.  Bomb.com!  Only bad thing was after realizing how awesome the food looked and smelled, I asked to move to a bit larger table to accommodate all the food that was coming our way.  Overall, still worth small wait.
4	Oh Bachi, if this were 6 months ago you would've been a 5. But you've kind of let yourself go a little... maybe you're getting too comfortable? Anyway Bachi Burger is one of those foodie locations that all my friends seem to want to try when they visit Vegas and I usually do highly recommend it to visitors. The restaurant is on the small side, very casual, and filled with tons of modern angry panda art. Their menu covers a huge variety of Asian cultures and flavors in a fusion format combined with classic American burger options such as bacon and fried onions. Generally sweeter than salty. If you really want to get fancy feel free to slap on a side of foie gras though. They have a nice selection of beverages and craft beer as well. Things I like: Spicy Miso burger, KiKi's burger (underrated but I love the mushrooms and bacon and gruyere), oxtail fries, sweet potato fries, Hitachino Nest white ale. I haven't met a burger I didn't like! Things I dislike: My waiter - he was awkward and cracked a "Ho" joke, regarding "Mr.Ho's Burger", to a party of Chinese people one of which actually had the last name Ho. It was way more weird than offensive. My burger has been undercooked the last two times so I started ordering it more well done yet it still comes out equally undercooked. I hate asking people to take things back but when they do take your burger they return it to you with the same bun and patty but new toppings. I've never been to a restaurant where they've done that and it seems strange. Parmesan fries are slightly off too lol.Overall yeah I'd still come back and hope I didn't get the same waiter and that my burger is cooked to a nice correct medium rare. When they do get it right THAT IS A TASTY BURGER doe.
5	Great burger, and management handles things in a very professional manner!
4	Well this place is only 3 miles from my house so I finally succumbed to the hype and additionally had a burger craving.  I arrived only 20 minutes after they opened and they were already busy with two large groups; one all male tourist group and a large family group with many little ones.  Please remember that Bachi Burger also operates the Ramen restaurant next door so the hostess asks if you are their for Ramen or Bachi Burger.  This is kind of strange because when you are seated (which was right away) they give you both menus.  Hhmm!!!Once seated I was greeted by my server Dan who was very attentive and informative.  My water glass was consistently refilled and the staff busing the tables was excellent. So why no 5 stars.  Well, I ordered the salted caramel sundae and was told that they have no marshmallows so the sundae wasn't available.  Ok, if it was 1am after a busy day I would buy that explanation but not 20 minutes after opening on a Friday.  Bad supply planning....  :(However, they redeemed themselves with the quality and execution of my lunch.  I ordered the Spicy Miso burger with a side of truffle parmesan fries.  I asked for my burger to be cooked medium and it was excellently done with a nice warm red center and one of the freshest tasting burgers I have had since my recent In n Out burger experience.  The burger was spiced well, and the soft cooked egg added so much umami taste to the experience.  The fries were thin and crispy and not overwhelmed by the truffle sauce and the spicy aioli to dip the fries in was fragrant.  Overall the food was perfect and I will be back again next time to try their steamed bun offerings which looked awesome as I saw a few go by my table.Despite the hectic pace of the restaurant I had good service with a caring attitude and never was rushed.  Dan was a great server and I appreciated his efforts.
3	We had the oxtail chili cheese fries with egg, Miyagi-San and the Shogun burger, along with Portuguese fried donuts. My beverage was the lychee milk tea with boba. I think if you advertised oxtail chili cheese fries the "oxtail" should be the main focus. In this case it wasn't. What we got was barely-there shredded oxtail meat in a stew of chili smothered over fries and topped with an egg. The chili was good for what it was but the oxtail meat did not shine.The Miyagi-San burger was very flavorful. I liked it an would probably get it again. The Shogun burger had interesting and complex flavors. I don't think any one thing really shined. I could've have done without the poached pear. It sounded good on paper but it was just over-kill. The meat patty had a sweet teriyaki sauce and that was plenty sweet on its own. The frois gras was an interesting touch but it had the same texture of the poached pear. I'm not sure how frois gras is traditionally cooked but I would've wished mine was cooked a little more firm and salted more to counter the sweetness. I honestly think the burger was a whole lot of "too much". Frois gras... Unagi... Poached pear... Wagyu beef patties... All wonderful on its own and maybe it should be enjoyed that way. I wouldn't pay $26 for this burger if I can enjoy one of their $13 burgers just as much if not more.If you're accustomed to drinking milk teas and boba. I would say the lychee milk tea was sub-par. If the idea is new to you, it's a cool thing to try but KNOW there are plenty of better places out there to get the same thing. Our food came out extremely late and our server was very apologetic and comped our drinks and dessert. I was appreciative but unfortunately that was my first experience.
3	Really there should be two ratings - the vegetarian (two stars) and the carnivore (five stars).The vegetarian burger is mushy.  Although it has decent flavor, the tofu and breaded eggplant on the bun added nothing but volume.  If I said I ate half, that would be stretching it.The Kiki burger with wagu was killer, according to our meat eater.The fries were delicious, sundried tomato dip and pineapple ketchup added flavor.Waiter attentive, but rang up my check $25 over - and admitted he had done the same thing before!  SO WATCH THE CHECK.
3	My hub and I have had this place on our list for over a year, came once before but wait was ridiculous, so we went next door to Shoku Ramen and we loved it. Anyway, we came back tonight, place is packed, hostess guy said 35 minutes so we said cool, but can we just eat at the bar? No! We don't serve food there, and mind you it has about 12 seats and no one was sitting there. Well, ok , then we will have a drink there and wait. So we have to order a drink over this stupid glass wall, and who knows why, something about a sushi bar, blah blah blah, makes no sense, especially since we work with the health department on restaurants opening and have never ever heard of this dumb partition, anyway, what a total waste of space for a place this busy, they could have turned tables like crazy if they would just serve some dang food at this bar!?!?  So after about 2 drinks each and forty minutes later and no one leaving their tables, we pay our bar tab and are about to leave but the hostess man says, our table is ready! Ok what the hell, let's just stay and see what the hype is about.....waitress comes over and I say quickly he will have the black & blue burger, and I'll have Mr. Ho's, and the truffle fries. Food comes about 20 min later, and the truffle fries are ok, some brown goop on about 5 fries, no truffle flavor, and they look like McDonalds fries but not nearly as good...then we get our burgers. My burger was on a purple bun, and I thought it was blueberry so I ask the waitress, she says it's taro, ok so what's that, and she says some thing called taro, it grows out of the ground, mmm whatever. It is a good burger, interesting to say the least, cooked perfectly, hubby said his burger was great but he won't be back due to the wait. I say fix the bar issue which is valuable wasted space, and suggest people sit on the patio which we didn't even know was an option.
5	1 Word: WOW. This place was incredible. I have heard about this place a bunch of times but never had a chance to check it out. Finally went yesterday for lunch and I cannot wait to go back again. Make sure you have an appetite because these burgers are the real deal. I was starving and order the Parmesan fries an Kiki's burger- easily one of the best burgers I have ever had. Everything was perfect-so fresh. My friend ordered the spicy miso burger and that was delicious too!I will definitely be back and recommend this to friends.
1	Do not eat here! Food poisoning went to emergency room! We were so excited to eat here the food was good on the way "in" but went to emergency room for food poisoning do not eat here!
5	My favorite burger place!! Too bad, it's all the way in Vegas...I get the miyagi burger, comes with crispy onion and an egg! I love that the buns are hawaiian buns, it adds the perfect amount fi sweetness. The oxtail chili cheese fries are to die for!! It is a MUST if you're going to eat here!
5	Wow the reviews were on point! This place really hits the spot! I am not normally a burger person but I was craving one and I have only heard good things about this place so I decided to try it out and I might even go back tomorrow lol really really good!!! Fresh juicy and cooked to perfection! Make sure you get avocado on top! Yum!
4	We took a taxi out to come visit this place and it was well worth it. We had three burgersOxtail chili fries Spicy misoMiyagi San grass fed Waygu Kiki Of the 4, by far, oxtail fries was amazingly good. I love oxtail and this was a great take on it! As for the burgers, I really enjoyed the Kiki the best. The mushrooms and the sauce had a lot of flavor. The one they sell the most was the miyagi, which was good, the crunch from the onion rings were good, and the flavor of the yolk mixed well. Spicy miso for me was just another burger. The shredded lettuce overpowered the whole burger, and wasn't the most pleasant over power flavor. The burgers were really big. Between three people this was more than enough food, I think 5 people could have split all this food and had a good bite of each and still be just full. I think for flavor, I still like Unami burger for the juiciness of the meat, but I think you get more value and more uniqueness for what you pay.
5	This is a place that I love to take tourist since it is a Vegas thing.  I love to watch other people eat things that make them stop talking so they can enjoy their food.  Bachi Burger does this over and over.  The Bahn Mi is incredible, along with the pickles and the oxtail chili cheese fries and really any of the other burgers.  The shakes are ridiculous but filling.  The one thing that I can say about eating here is when I leave I am always satisfied,
4	Happy Hour, from 3-6 on weekdays is fantastic. $3 beers and wine, and apps on the cheap. I had a craving for a burger so we picked Bachi Burger because it's close to home. We ordered off the regular menu. I got the burger with kimchee and it was fantastic! The patty is HUGE, kimchee was good (although I could have used some more spice), and the bun was fluffy and filled with air pockets ready to absorb all the yummy flavors of the burger. I ordered medium rare and the patty was cooked to a perfect medium rare. This seriously hit the spot for me. The BF got a make-your-own burger with lettuce, tomato and an egg. He really enjoyed his burger as well. This is a great spot (one I often overlook because it's tucked away in the corner) and I highly recommend it!
1	Came in to see what all the hype was about. Will never come back. First off, our waitress was irritatingly fake. The food came out quickly, and considering it was a simple order (plain burger with just cheese and bacon) you would think they would get it right the first time. The burger was undercooked and when we sent it back politely the manager brought out a new plate 10 minutes later and informed us they put on new toppings but the burger was the same. I'm in the food industry and this is against health code and severely frowned upon. Not to mention the fact my girlfriend is pregnant and even though we were polite about the request, our waitress kept staring at us strangely and gave her fake "how is it now?" question several minutes after the manager brought out the new plate...made me paranoid that something was altered to the food. I will be calling in to the health dept also known as my friend "" "" and report them as well as tell everyone I know not to eat at this establishment.
4	I was with a group of about 12 so I was able to sample a few things on the menu. Onion rings- melt in your mouth. Brussel sprouts with bacon- tasty. Fried rice (yes, fried rice)- was different with great flavor. Calamari- cooked just right. For the finale, the Kiki burger which was completely different than any other burger I have ever had and it was great. The waitresses were efficient and friendly. Just make the drive off the strip, you will not be disappointed.
5	I was never into burgers until I tried this place, now I want to try every single one.   I've tried the Ronin, Kiki, and two others that I forgot the name of but they delish as well.   The OXTAIL FRIES are yum-to- ok, I think it's the sunnyside up egg that makes it special.  I'm very excited that they are opening up an L.A. location.   WOOT WOOT!The PORTUGEUSE DONUTS with COFFEE ICE CREAM are amazing!!!
5	First, as Southern California gal, I've had my share of vegas visits but I've only gone here three times and I think whenever I come to vegas, this place has to be a staple. Service is impeccable,  especially this last visit. There's nothing really more that needs to be said. Every visit comes with a wait but that just means that it's THAT good. Worth the wait and their cocktails are just good! Especially the katsu shiro! Can't wait for the next time I go, going to try another new burger.
5	This was an accidental find while looking for sushi, and I could not be happier. So good that we went back again! Service, food, and prices I thought were 5 stars. Fresh food, cooked perfect! If you are nearby, it is a must go!
5	Great service, AMAZING food, totally worth the 35min. wait for a table. Had the Parmesan truffle fries while we waiting for our burgers, they were fantastic. Perfectly and evenly good and excellently complimented by the condiments. Must try. Had the Ronin burger; it was superb. Perfect combination of sweet and savory. Full of flavor without being too rich to finish. The bun was fresh and nicely toasted, the patty was charred and delicious while still juicy and cooked to my specification, toppings were on point. Literally nothing to complain about.
5	I'm in love with this spot!Great food, great atmosphere! Although our last waiter didn't seem to thrilled about his bosses...Nevertheless I have spent many afternoons an evenings here enjoying wonderful food and will continue to do so along with recommend this joint to everyone I know.Get the black and green burger with oxtail fries. You're welcome.
4	Bachi burger is worth the wait if come to this location.  I order the Kim Chi Burger. I love this burger and stick with it! ordered with the Garlic fries. The Burger Is Meal By Itself. Nice Thick And Juicy!!!!!
5	We ALWAYS take our visiting friends here, without fail. Asian fusion burgers never tasted better. I love their taro bun burger as well as the banh mi burger. My husband's go-to order is kiki's burger. Since we've started going there about a year ago, they've added a multitude of appetizers and desserts, probably due to the hours extension and additional bar. For the exotic beers they offer, I can see the draw in that. My family and I, however, have only eaten their for lunch or dinner. We've never had bad service. Beware of wait times, though!
5	Let's just say I'm from San Francisco and I make a trip to Vegas 2-3 times a year and it's now going to be a tradition to go to Bachi as part of our itinerary. THAT, or I'm not leaving until I get my Bachi fix!It's SO WORTH the trip away from the busy strip of Vegas. I've always loved Asian fusion burgers mainly because of the execution of pairing Western ideas and concepts with Asian sauces and marinate. I love the Ronin and Banh Mi burger; both had distinctive flavors but was not overwhelming! The burgers had key ingredients that were so proportionate and was just perfect with the moist patties and soft baked buns. I also tried their oxtail fries; yay for the topped fried egg. What isnt better with a fried egg?!I wish Bachi expanded to Norcal. It would be a HUGE hit! Until then, I'll have to order two burgers each visit in order to try all their burgers. I said it Bachi -- you guys are worth the calories. I'd get fat for ya. Bachi Faithful! :P
2	Alright, I will say the food was very good. However, the problem I had was with the drinks and the price.  I ordered a 5.00-7.00 bottle of beer.  The server recommended the "special" which was a glass (about 16 oz) of Japanese draft beer.  I took it. Well, I got the bill, and it was $10.50 for that glass of draft beer. The server failed to tell me it was 10.50 and I would NEVER in a million years think that a draft beer was going to cost me more then the burger.  I think the server should have communicated that the "special" was as pricey as it was.  Its things like this that will keep me from going back, as I feel I was mislead by the word "special."  Also, my friend was eating from a second plate and they came up to the table about 3 times while she had food on the plate asking if they could take it away.  Slightly annoying being interrupted several times when food was on the plate and not pushed away.
4	Waitress could have been more knowledgeable with the beers and items they did not have that day. JUST LOOKS BAD ALL AROUND. BUT FOOD IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Great job kitchen staff! If the patio was wiped down daily I would be there more often. In windy dusty Vegas I understand, but it really should be done BEFORE opening. It gets very very busy and it's NOT a large place. Off hours I DO suggest! ENJOY, i do! I WISH THEY OPENED an hour earlier!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't be like everyone else. GRAB that extra hour!
3	Great food and service!  Amazing is all I can say.
5	We were told it was going to be a 15 minute wait but waited at least 30.  My overall rating is highly satisfied.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place and cannot wait to go back to Las Vegas just to eat at this place again.
5	My hubby and i love the kiki burger
1	Our first stop and Vegas and what a disappointment. We had 12 people total, but decided to get seated separately so we wouldn't have to wait as long. First party got seated in 40 minutes after writing our names down while the other party waited outside anxiously. I was in the 2nd party. I was walking in and out to check on my friends and I saw plenty of tables leaving and clearing up. After like 20 minutes, I asked how long the wait will be and the hostess didn't know.I see my friends got fries but no burgers yet. After another 10 minutes, we see so many EMPTY tables so we ask if we could get seated. We even pointed at the empty tables and they told us we will get seated when they were ready... 10 minutes later, we still didn't get seated and our friends that were seated earlier didn't even have burgers yet. We all left and went to the Subway next door. What a joke
4	I love how this place is open until 2AM! It's a great place to satisfy those late night cravings for foie gras! *We ordered:1. Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries ($11.50)Oxtail is so good! The braised oxtail fries come with garlic aioli sauce along with a fried egg. The fries are very savory. Some people might not like it because there is a hint of sweetness. My defense is that it's supposed to balance the overall taste and not make it uber salty. A must try! (5/5)2. Shogun Burger ($25) I only got this because of the foie gras! Get it while you can since who knows when the government wants to make it illegal as well in Nevada! The burger has delicious Wagyu beef and unagi (marinated eel), pan-seared foie gras, miso butter, and poached Asian pear. The server told us to eat the Yamamomo Peach first (it's in a little cup) because it's supposed to cleanse our palates to fully taste the foie gras and burger. Neat! Overall, I really liked the foie gras. However, the combinations of the other elements made the burger taste too sweet for me. I felt like they could do without the pear and the unagi. The foie gras was the saving factor. (4/5)The place is located way off the Strip, so be prepared to make a bit of a drive (not too bad though). The service is friendly and there's cute art decor around the restaurant. There are other yummy burgers on the menu that I would like to try again next time. =)
5	I love love love this place!  My parents also love this place!  Every time they visit Vegas, we have to go here to eat to fix their cravings!  So here's a little scoop on Bachi burger....the owners are from Hawaii so they know what flavor is all about!  Their burgers are not your ordinary burgers you find at some plain old American place....no, they add some Asian essence into each of their food items!  From the Miyagi burger topped with a fried egg and furikake to a kimchee kalbi burger that is to die for!  Not only are the burgers BOMB, but their appetizers satisfies each and every one of those taste buds on your tongue.  A few of my favorites include the oxtail fries (which is a MUST order), the arabiki and kurabuta sausages, and even the duck skin and pork belly buns!  I was born and raised in Hawaii, and us Hawaii peeps know that food in Hawaii is the best!  Living on the mainland sure makes you crave things you can only get back on the islands. Bachi burger is the perfect place to fix some of those cravings!   I cannot wait to go back and try a new burger!
2	I was disappointed by my visit to Bach Burger for the first time. We took out of town guests here telling them how great it is. We waited 45 minutes for a table. I m so confused what happened to the Spicy Miso burger. I have had it a couple of times at the Summerlin location and loved it! This time the burger was smothered in a red sauce that tasted very similar to the sauce on the Kalbi burger. My friend got the Kalbi burger and although I love spicy, kimchi, and kalbi, that burger just did not have a good flavor. The sauce was something like a Sriracha sauce but overpowered the entire burger. Also, I have tried the Truffle fries here and don't like the taste. The salt and pepper fries have a strong pepper taste and among 4 people we did not even finish 1/3 of the fries. The sweet potato fries are the best among the fries choices but the dipping sauce it comes with is gross. Way too sweet and strong of a taste, not complimenting it at all. I don't know if it was an off night or the chefs are just not as good or ingredients used were different. I really don't know why the experience was so different from the Summerlin one. We are big Bachi Burger fans and tell people we meet everywhere to try it and it's too bad this was a bad experience for the high price.
5	Our Canadian cousins LOVE this place and definitely put this place on top of their list to visit. My first time -- and I already want to come back! Excellent burgers. Truffle fries. Oxtail chili fries. Superb!
4	I have a confession to make....I ended up here because of Guy Fieri...I think that automatically makes me a douchebag and I ask your forgiveness.Finished off our quick 2 days in vegas with a trip to Bachi burger before driving back to my beloved city of angels.  45 minute wait on a Friday afternoon...could have been worse.  In terms of service...they must have been having a bad day...because it was gawdawful...I was mildly annoyed when I saw other diners getting ALL of their food even though we were seated before them..and we sat there with nothing...the wife was furious..staff was semi apologetic at least.  Anywho, on to the food.OXTAIL CHILI CHEESE FRIEShttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=O1CpKjHzM2VT5N2R7dwGtg#O1CpKjHzM2VT5N2R7dwGtgQuite simply amazing.  These are 5 star chili cheese fries...ridiculously over the top oxtail chili topped with cheese, jalapenos, cilantro and chopped scallions, garlic aioli and a fried egg.  Delicious Insanity.MR. MIYAGI BURGERhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=O1CpKjHzM2VT5N2R7dwGtg#Y6ftK1iLFQuSN5gC0VF2-wIncredible burger!  Chili Mayo Fried Egg FurikakeCaramelized Bacon Crispy Onion Rings...I made the wife uncomfortable with the moans of pleasure emanating from my food hole.CLOSEUPhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=O1CpKjHzM2VT5N2R7dwGtg#Dnd1xg9xjuwD5C2MD6xG_Ayes.I don't care how big of a douchebag Guy Fieri is....if the food is this damn good....consider me an honorary douchebag for life.
4	Ok, so I love a good burger...so the fact that his place has an EXCELLENT burger? Wow. Drooling. Every special burger is mouth watering. They don't skimp on toppings and the quality of the meat? Winning.I added a sunny side up egg and avocado to my burger and it was amazing...I am currently drooling and itching to go back at this very moment. All you need is the burger, although I do want to try to the pork belly!
5	Hurray for Bachi.  Love the shogun burger here.  What kind go wrong with Foie Gras, Eel, and asian pears topping?  Nothing.  Especially enjoyable after two huge misses at Caesars Palace (Gordon Ramsey Pub and Serendipity 3).  We stopped here for lunch before heading back to Los Angeles on Saturday.  Service was fantastic (from a super cute waitress).  The only drawback was that the unagi was a bit "chewy".  So, I am wondering if that was undercooked.  But, I was so greatful so such yumminess, that I am upgrading my rating to 5 stars.Food:  4.5 starsService:  5.0 stars
5	Being in a strip mall didn't make this place easy to find. Google has it facing the street but the entrance is on the opposite side. The lunch crowd was in full force when I get there. I was seated in a table for four. They don't allow eating at the bar! I felt guilty of taking up all this space when people were waiting to be seated. So I sat not facing them. Screw 'um. At any rate, I ordered a Japanese beer I've never heard of. I forgot the name but it came in a 17oz bottle. Very good beer, sorta hoppy between an ale and an IPA. Then I had the Spicy Miso burger. Wasn't spicy at all. Maybe they missed something. But was cooked perfectly (med) and had the miso taste just right. It comes with an egg so prepare for some messy eating. I didn't have any frys and stuff but I'm sure it'll be just as good as the burger. Next, I'm going to try the Hotdog. The guy next to me had one and he said it was great.There's a Ramen place next door. You can actually order Ramen too! The Ramen place wasn't nearly as crowded as Bachi so I wonder if I can order the burger from the Ramen place. This place beats BurgR and B&B in my opinion.
5	Everyone must try this place. My friends told me about this place, because they couldn't stop talking about how great their burgers and fries and pretty much everything on their menu were. I must admit I am one of the biggest fan. After dining here, I've been telling everyone they must come to this place.From truffles on your fries, Foie Gras, and Delicious mouth-watering Burgers and so forth. I can't say enough. Their quality of food is top notch.!!! I am in love with this place. this place has also been on the Food Network Channel Dine-Dinners and Dive In with Guy Fieri
2	I am sorry, if I am dining here for a $26 burger, then my order should be taken in less than 15 minutes after being seated. This place is going through changes again by incorporating  the Ramen  next door which is not good. It wasnt busy at 1015pm on a Wednesday night, come on at least Inn n Out burger consistently delivers. Also, bad lighting in this place now.i
2	Don't waste your time.Tons of great reviews inspired me to try this overpriced burger joint.  I should have known from all the reviews from tourists saying they came here from the strip.  I suppose if you're used to boring overpriced food in Vegas casinos, this place is a step up, but with so many great choices in Green Valley just 5 minutes away, this place doesn't even make the bottom of the list of places I like to eat.  I won't be back.The oxtail chili cheese fries, meh, I've had better.  What's all the hype?  Mediocre chili heavy on the beans and light on the meat.  Fries were run of the mill boring fries, and the jalapenos not spicy at all.My wife had just a plain burger with mayo and onions for $16.  She liked it, but it definitely was not a $16 burgerI had the Shogun burger...it was gross.  I removed the overly sweet pears and it was moderately better.  Not a $26 burger for sure.  Way too sweet...But that seems to be the recurring theme: every single thing on the menu it seems has a sweet flavor.  So if you're craving a juicy, meaty, savory burger, avoid this place.
5	AWESOME find.  One of those,  how did we get there? Im so glad we found this place, kind of experiences for my group of 4.Service was great- our waiter was funny, attentive and CRAZY fast.  We shared a few plates including the shishito peppers, ocotopus balls (not the best but not bad), onion rings ( AMAZING, we should have ordered 4 orders instead of 1) and we each got a noodle bowl or a burger for our mains.Borth was delish of my noodles and the noodles were good, but the chewier ramen from the dish with the XO sauce had better texture.  Pork belly pieces were like bits of porky heaven- honestly it was very memorable and delicious.Cannot stress enough how good the onion rings were.  As a bit of a onion ring connoisseur I have to say they rank at the top of my lifetime list, and they were incredible inexpensive.MUST GO BACK!  You need to go and try this place out, now :)
2	Tried this place for the first time and what a horrible experience. Got there at 640pm and there were 4 to 5 names in front of us. I asked if it would be alright to hang out at the bar area and they come and get me when my name is called. I ordered at the bar and the guy asked if I was eating there or waiting for a table and I said table. While waiting the bar guy who served us went over to the hostess to let her kno and we all made eye contact at that time. While waiting i noticed people we saw who came after us were seated before us. I went over to see what what the deal was amd everyone ahead of us were crossed out and seated and my name my crossed out too and re-writtten on the side. I asked why i wasnt seated and she said they were about to call me now. I wasnt seated until 725pm. There were about 13ish tables and we ordered the salt parmasean fries, the duck bao, and the spicy miso burger. Fries didnt come out until 35 min later followed by the other two 10 min after. Fries were whatever, the burger was okay (meat was bland without all the additives in the burger), and duck bao were good.
5	Damn this place is da bomb!  I wasn't really up to trying it but when I did, I was glad I went with my friends.  It's a small place but has tons of options to choose from.  Came in hungry left full and was still thinking about it a week later.  My friends and I want to get back to Vegas just to get back here.
5	I had the Oxtail Chili Cheese fries as featured on Diners, Drive-In's, and Dives. Awesome!  The burgers are super delicious as well and really great service.
3	Food was pretty good, but service wasn't. The hostess looked like she hated her job. We were not greeted or even given a smile. She barely even made eye contact. As for the food:- Kalbi Burger- 5 stars. I got it without the kimchi and it was amazing!!- Banh Mi Burger- 4 stars. It was pretty good, but the combination between hamburger and Banh Mi was a little too weird for me. - Truffle Fries- 3 stars. Nothing special.- Duck in steamed bun (forgot what it was called) 1 star. Tasted like all of the nasty parts of the duck were used. I could barely bite a piece off. It was chewy and bland.Back to the service, it was a really long wait for our food to come out. There were a bunch of empty tables, yet the the wait to be seated was about 30 minutes. It looked like there was only one waitress on our half of the restaurant. For a weekend, they should've been more prepared.
4	Love to eat here.  Friendly service and good food.  Veggie gyoza is very tasty! Of course the burgers are awesome!  Make it a destination when you want something different!
5	I've been here several times now and constantly come back every time I'm in Vegas! I always have a hard time deciding which burger to get cuz they're all good but I think my favorite is between the Kiki and Ronin. The truffle fries are DELICIOUS too!I honestly was not too fond of the oxtail fries... It was a more heavy dish. Their version of a chili cheese fries. But they have soooo many great dishes I still think they deserve a five star! ^^
4	Food is good but the service is not . I love their Bahn Mi burger . My son likes the  pork belly in a bun.
5	This is a great place, especially for the price. It rivals Holsteins and BurGR for quality, but at a better price. Our server was very friendly, patient, and answered my multiple questions about their different sauces. We shared the egg onion ring burger and the mushroom burger. They were both awesome - even my son's burger was surprisingly good for a kids' burger! My son scarfed his whole burger, and he is usually a slow eater. The truffle fries were great with the mushroom sauce and sun dried tomato aoli. The spiked milkshake was good too, a little strong, but who would complain about that?! What's not to love about grass-fed wagyu beef, funakoke seasoning, Vietnamese mint... It was a blend of happy ingredients having a party in my mouth.
5	Came in after searching Yelp for a burger place. And WOW! GLAD WE DID! We had the build your own and added an egg which was phenomenal!  From the patty to the bun everything was fresh and tasty! We also had the pork belly sliders and some truffle Parmesan fries which were also amazing. Then we had the Portuguese donuts which were.served with coffee ice cream!  Yummy little fried dough balls rolled in cinnamon sugar! Be heading back there in a couple days..it is that good!
4	Burgs! Nothing better than a good burg. Bochi produces a pretty notably good one too. I enjoyed the oxtail fries more though. Those things are nuts...it's sweet and spicy and meaty and cheesy. Everything you could ever need to make your taste buds dance! It's a huge portion too. We split it between 3 people and were stuffed before our burgs even came out. I don't recall the name of the burger I got but it was one of their popular ones with onion strings, fried egg, and ca realized bacon. Oh that bacon! So good. They cooked it medium rare perfectly, which I always appreciate. It was super juicy when I cut into it. In all honesty though, it didn't have a ton of flavor. I thought the spicy mayo would come through more. The bacon was the best part. And the bun was super good too. Really fluffy and slightly sweet. Definitely a place to try! Everything's got a bit of a Japanese twist so it's interesting.
4	Went here after seeing this place profiled on one of Guy Fieri's programs on The Food Network.  This is an out of the way place for me.  The drive wasn't particularly worth it for me.  When we got there, the wait wasn't that long, considering it was a holiday.  Service was ok.  The burgers were spot on...very tasty, but I wouldn't drive here again.  Still deserves a 4-star rating, though.
5	Arrived at Bachi Burger and waited 15 minutes for Saturday afternoon lunch.Sat down and declared that I saw their episode on DDD and was fasinated with their menu. Started with*Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries $11.5 (With Garlic Aioli ,Fried Egg) [5 of 5] - Wasn't expecting much from putting stewed oxtail over fries. I was so surprised how delicious the oxtail was. I under-estimated how different and tasty this dish was. The oxtail actually had really nice heat flavor and by far, one of the best chili fries dishes ever.Finished with*The "Banh-Mi" Burger $9 (Angus Beef ,Pork ,Shrimp ,Lemongrass,Pork Pate ,Fresh Herbs ,Curry Aioli,Pickled Vegetables ,Nuoc Mam Sauce) [5 of 5] - Wasn't expecting this to taste so good, but blown away at how well all the meat flavors blended so well. And dipping the burger into their housemade fish sauce, took it to another level.This place can brag about their burgers all they want, because it is all that. I think this is probably the best and most creative tasting burger places by far.
5	It was so bomb I had the kiki burger and truffle fries!!! Apple lychee soda was good too..our server was really nice..I wish I had gotten her name.. The AC wasn't working but I won't let that affect a review.. My main thing is good food and service.. Mechanical glitches happen...
5	My first experience at Bachi was no fluke.  I came back for another Bachi-style lunch on my most recent trip to Vegas, and every expectation was exceeded -- all thanks to a friend named Miyagi-San.Who exactly is Miyagi-San, you ask?Only the BEST DAMN BURGER IN THE UNIVERSE.A perfectly cooked, grass-fed Wagyu beef patty.  Fried egg.  Caramelized bacon.  Onion rings.  Chili mayo.  These glorious ingredients are what you can find on the Miyagi-San burger.  They come arranged in a vertical tower of architectural splendor.The Miyagi-San burger pairs perfectly with a plate of Bachi pickles.  The umami of the burger plays in perfect harmony with the sour tang of the vegetables.  Every bite is heaven.Meals like this are the stuff gastronomic dreams are made of.  If burger-induced ecstasy happens to be on your bucket list, a visit to Bachi is a must.
5	One of the best casual places I've eaten at in recent memory. When I heard "Asian-inspired burgers" I was scratching my head, but man, does this place knock it out of the park.My husband and I shared the pork belly buns - sheer perfection with an absolutely addictive dipping sauce. We also split the Kiki  burger, which is topped with a garlic chili aioli, caramelized bacon, sauteed shitake, enoki & eryngii mushrooms, a sweet onion marmalade and melted Gruyere cheese. The burger is glazed with a delicious coating and came together beautifully. The food was so good, I was still thinking about it the next day and craving more. I would love to go back next time I'm in the area!
5	Discovered this restaurant from Triple D on the Food Network. The burgers are fantastic and I woudl highly recommend the Oxtail Chili Chesse Fries...YUM YUM!!!
4	Cool twist on burgers! Most of the specialty burgers have some Asian influence in the ingredients. We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries topped with a sunny side up egg that were off the hook but a tad bit on the salty side. Can't go wrong with all the ingredients but put together YUMM!Ronin Wagyu burger: onions, Japanese cole slaw, fried egg and Katsu BBQ. Great burger with a Japanese twist and the buns seem like the bread used in a Chinese baked pork bun. Miyagi Wagyu burger: another burger with Japanese influence. Fried egg, furikake, bacon and onion rings. C'mon that sounds good right?Both burgers have some sweetness due to the sauces they add so they are a little sweet and savory. Kinda reminds me of the Fathers Office burger joint in Santa Monica, Ca. Gotta try when you come to LV.
5	BY FAR THE BEST BURGER PLACE EVER!Came here because a friend of mine told me this place was a MUST. And it sure is!!!
4	Great way to end a Vegas trip, limited selection for Vegetarians, but they have a delicious Veggie Burger, that is SO HUGE. I could barely finish half. My friends started their meal with the oxtail fries & I have never seen such a happy trio! They devoured the fries. The veggie burger flavors were fantastic! The actual patty tasted fresh and one of the best I've had.  It wasn't too dry, and the flavors were a great mix! There were bits of red bean & walnuts tucked inside the patty as well.  The patty was paired with fried eggplant, fried tofu, fresh greens and lemon aioli. The bun itself was so fluffy & light!
4	Solid lunch/dinner spot for all burger lovers. The wait can be pretty long during peak times, but that's because there aren't many seats in the restaurant. However, the hostess gave us great comfort by constantly checking on us and giving us frequent updates. I greatly appreciated that and wanted to make sure I called that out. The wait staff is also very good. They are constantly coming around and turn tables as quickly as they can. No complaints there.In terms of the burger, it's a mixed bag. I got the Wagyu Burger & it was tasty. You can tell the beef was high quality. It was tender, juicy, and filling. My brother and father had the Ronin Burger & Kim-Chee burgers. Both were interesting as "must-try once" type of entrees. The Ox-Tail Chili Cheese Fries were average. They were standard chili cheese fries, but we couldn't really taste the Ox-tail. Nevertheless, this is a great place to try if you can venture off the strip.
1	Looks great. In reality, not so great.My party of 8 didn't enjoy it. And we really wish we did given the long wait we had to endure. Overrated and overhyped -- and not to mention far!Next!
5	Possibly the best burger I've ever had and definitely the best chili cheese fries I've ever had. Got the Miso Burger and Oxtail chili cheese fries. Both are phenomenal. Beer prices are decent too. Eat here an you'll be thankful you did.
4	Have been hearing good things about this place so naturally I had to try it! However sometimes we don't get around to much eating in Vegas ha.. On a recent trip we decided to do take out so we wouldn't waste any time! My gf and I split the Spicy Miso and Miyagi-San burgers. SO BOMB omggg. I can't remember exactly what's in both so look it up! I def liked the Miyagi-San burger better but both were good! A couple gf's got the Oxtail Fries.. also to die for! Chili and fried egg ahhh *salivates*.They made our order quick too and there were 7 different phone orders! They didn't seem irritated bc man I would be lol. They have a bar inside. I wouldn't mind actually sitting down to eat there one day. Looks like they may happy hour too. Check it out! Two locations for your convenience ;)
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the food here.  Asian inspired burgers doesn't appeal to me(and I'm Asian).  When I want a burger, I want a burger with ketchup, mayo, mustard, tomatoes, onion, lettuce, and maybe an avocado.  But this place was nice. although I won't be getting any hankerings for the burgers here(personal preference) there is nothing bad about the food here. Not over salted or over seasoned the flavors are mellow and easy.  It's clean, staff is friendly, food is fresh, and they are creative.
1	My husband and I were on a date last 5/31/2014 night at the Windmill location. It took 20 minutes to get our burgers and the veggie gyoza and fries never came. When we got our burgers, I asked them to please get our appetizer (which is supposed to come before the meal) and our order of fries. Not only was it late, but it turned out neither were ever prepared. I told our server, I think her name was Ashley, to cancel the veggie gyoza appetizer, and she rushed to the kitchen I assume to communicate it to the cook. 5 minutes later, someone from the kitchen came out with them wrapped in a to-go box. I had to repeat that I already cancelled that order. (Another communication breakdown or  one that didn't happen?) At this point I was exasperated. My husband who had already finished his burger, was still waiting for his fries (dessert?). I asked him if he still wanted it after a server said: "two minutes." He looked so disgusted that I just asked them to cancel the order. The manager came out with repeated empty apologies, but didn't offer to make it right. If you're a manager and you want your patrons to come back, shouldn't you try to make it right???!!! Instead of offering to comp one of our drinks, she continued to repeat her apologies. THESE EMPTY and REPEATED APOLOGIES irritated me. I'm from Hawaii and so are the owners. There is something called customer service, but I expected more of a Kama'aina service here. People are human and mistakes are made, but make it right. Their mistake in our order irritated me, but it happens. HOWEVER, their failure to make it right is downright disgusting and offending.
4	This place is really busy yet awesome. Came here on Sunday night and was seated in 25 minutes. Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries: this thing can feed 4 people, maybe even 6. This thing was massive. However, I thought it was just an average dish. The oxtail was there, but the taste wasn't.maybe I'm wrong, but it was too salty for my liking.Pork Buns: fatty and delicious! I don't think I even need their dipping sauce. The sauce that was in the bun was perfect. The pork was juicy and savoryMiyagi-san grassfed wagyu burger: the patty itself was very succulent. The whole burger was amazeballs. Furakake is naturally salty, but it wasn't overpowering in this dish. Like I said, amazeballs.Overall, I would come back for the burgers and pork buns. Service was good. Just expect to wait around 20-30 minute wait during peak hours.
5	First impression last... Yes! Very much impressed first time we've tried this place. So glad we went before we move to Hawaii... Amazing burger selection and the different type os burger sauce are so refreshing; unique and super tasty. The truffle French fries is a winner.  Highly recommended!!!! Definitely will come back sometime again.
3	I came here because I heard so much about it being one of the best burger places in the US.  The wait was a bit long on a Sunday night (which surprised me).  Staff were very efficient seating people, and the service was great.  After a nice glass of wine, I tried the Mr. Ho burger (Hawaiian).  It was pretty good after you got over the purple (taro) bun, but the flavors did not wow. Next time I will try the Korean version. The sausages appetizer was interesting, and worthwhile if you want some extra meat.  I recommend skipping the salad (overpriced and pedestrian), and the truffle/parmesan fries.  The truffle gravy had no truffle taste, and actually made the French Fries soggy - I recommend the plain fries instead. Overall, the food was good, but not out-of this-world.  However, the bill was - $45 for a burger meal....only in LV!
3	Overrated. That's all I have to say. But I mean hey this is coming from a southern California girl who would choose to go to In N Out where I can get a burger with extra everything and grilled onions for just $1.75. Just sayin'.
5	I've come here a few times and I'm always extremely happy. The service is amazing and the whole crew, not just my server says thank you as I left. They paid close attention to details such as refills on my AMAZING plantation tea, everyone should try it. Now the food! I custom make a BBQ burger with bacon, cheddar, and onion rings. The bun is delicious and unique. The patty is big, flavorful, and cooked perfectly. And the rest is just as amazing. I would recommend Bachi Burger to anyone. They truly have the best burgers in town!
5	Food, outstanding service pretty good when they come around, but they need a bigger place to handle the traffic 20 minute wait turned into an hour I fell asleep waiting that sucked! But glad to see they are kickin  gourmet  burger ass!
4	Food is great. Service is great.Price is a little high but definitely worth it!We tried angus burger with fried egg and it was delicious!!we also tried sauted brussell sprouts for our appetizer and they were delicious also!We will return again to experiment something new.if your into an Asian. Spin on burgers this place is gor you!
5	First time here and I've heard so many good things about it... so I had to try it out for myself! I ordered the Kiki burger (without bacon) and boy let me tell you..... That burger is soooo tasty and juicy! And it had mushrooms, which is another plus because I love mushrooms! MUST TRY! We also got the Miyagi, and that too was so yummy. I love the taste of the furikake on the onion rings! We also ordered calamari and I loved that they weren't stingy with the calamari, it was a big serving to share (there were 3 of us). I'm coming back, for sure! Our server was Chris. He's very nice, helpful.. And on it! Thank you!
5	Came here over the weekend during a trip to the strip for a Vegas Bachelor party and it was as good as the homie said. I got the Ronin burger and it was a fat juicy assBURGER! that got my appetite satisfied. Angus Beef  Caramelized Onions  Japanese Cole Slaw  Miso Goma Dressing  Fried Egg Katsu BBQ  Yuzu Citrus Aioli for $12. Not your normal McD's burger that's for sure. I wish they had this in the Bay cause I would come back more often. Only weird thing is after getting the check and pitching in to pay, we came out short $50...strange...maybe the group next to us enjoyed an extra free burger on us.
4	I have been craving Bachi since the first time I've had it which was over a year ago. First time, I had the Spicy Miso burger which was yummy. This time I ordered the Miyagi-san Wagyu burger. I ordered it medium, cut it in half, and the first half I had was amazing! Perfect flavors with the meat, onion rings, egg, and furikake. The second half, however, went from medium well to over cooked pretty much. Disappointing...how did they cook a single patty two ways? Ha eh...made my taste buds feel yucky. Wish I ate that cooked side first. But it was still good. Two other friends and I shared the Oxtail chili cheese fries as an appetizer. It turns out it was a good thing the fries came out way before the burgers because I don't think we would have finished it all if it didn't. They were so tasty! I'm definitely gonna come back next time I'm in Vegas. Hopefully next time my burger will be medium all the way.
5	I love this place I don't even know where to start I all ways go in without eating breakfast so I can fill up on the good stuff and omg there is so much to choose from the Thai tea is so good then I get the oxtail fries witch might I say are to die for  I all ways bring my friends in to they get different burgers so we can all share I love the burger buns talk about melt in your mouth And if you have kids mine get the BBQ burger and all ways clean there plate what more could I ask for its  such great food
4	We came on a weeknight, and there was a substantial wait to be seated. We sat at the bar, and again waited more than 20 minutes before the waitress came and took our order for drinks.  Once we were seated, we ordered oxtail fries appetizer. It was without a doubt outstanding.  We ate every last bite!  We ordered burgers and the pork belly sliders. Everything was outstanding and flavorful and delicious! The service staff was extremely knowledgeable and friendly, and food came out quickly.
5	Another DDD stop! AND....Another repeater!WOW, top 5 burger I have ever had for sure! The truffle fries paired perfectly as well. I will definitely be back and this is a must stop.My burger came with bacon and mushrooms and they were cooked so well, I mean sooooo well. I had not eaten mushrooms cooked that way before and it was just perfection!
3	I would love to give bachi 5 stars.... However they lack a good manager. There's constantly issues that could be a simple fix yet it never happens. Over the last year there has been three different managers that I've seen and unfortunately they all lack being able run a restaurant. If I owned bachi, I'd be very disturbed with how it's ran. So, now newly remodeled, and has a bar that took up at least 30% of seating room... And doesn't serve food... There are some things with this place that may never make sense. But hey, they have a decent burger!
4	It was good. We felt rushed, but otherwise everything was tasty. The wait was nominal. The food looked exactly as pictured in the menu...that was a welcome surprise.
5	Ive been here 3 times already. This place is the best burger joint in the world.. I would eat here everyday but too bad I live in california. Everyone eat here!! It's clean, the staff is friendly, nice interior, and awesome food! Okay im going to eat my food now haha
2	Been hearing about this place a long time now so I went in to try it out, located just about couple blocks from my parents house this lil Asian burger joint is located In a lil strip mall. After seeing and hearing all the good things from people in the area and seeing it on triple d and hearing he's a local boy fro. Hawaii I had to try it. Sorry to say it was all hype. $10-14 for just a burger and it's all pretty much taste the same. Maybe if you haven't grown up around Asian food much this might appeal to you. It was just a lil all to familiar to me
5	Excellent choice, we had several burgers and ramen for 9 ppls. Also must try the bacon fried rice, was so good. Will come back here but avoid the long wait and come before 11:30 or peak hours.
3	We have been here several times in the past, food is always pretty good. However the service is closer to poor. They take a longtime to greet you and take the order. Slow to get refills on drinks and seem like there running around in a panic. Maybe the service would be better when it's slow.
5	We came here because of DDD and I'm so so glad we did! One of the best burgers ever! I ordered the Mr. Ho's burger medium well ( the waitress recommended it to us, thanks a bunch 4 that)  and it was like heaven! :0 the buns were a purple, bluish color and so soft and Delish, and it was full of yummy flavor l just cant... I also had the Tai tea with bobas, the sweet potato fries, and dumpling appetizers! All were A++ I'm definitely stopping by here to try some other items from the menu next time we are in town!
5	I had never hear of this place, but it was close to our hotel in LV, and had a good Yelp rating. Apparently it was featured on a cable food show. My wife and I stopped in on a Sunday evening around 6. When we arrived, seating was available, but shortly after being seated, the place filled up and there was a line at the door. We ordered the Bachi Pickles, and found them delightful. My wife had the BBQ Bachi Angus burger, and I ordered the Ronin Burger. We split an order of Sweet Potato fries fixed in the Parmesan Truffle style.The food was served in an appropriate amount of time, and it was hot and delicious. The portions are quite large, but the food was so good we stuffed ourselves. Our server was friendly, competent and knowledgeable. Although the restaurant was full, and there were families and kids, the noise level was not overly loud. We were able to carry on a conversation without straining to hear each other. It was a very happy and fun experience, and we do plan to return when we are in Vegas again. Highly recommended.
5	We were visiting Vegas for a girls weekend and my roommate suggested this wonderful restaurant before catching our flight back to Colorado. Everything we had was delicious! We had the fried chicken, oxtail chili fries, ramen, kalbi burger, and a few other things to share with a table of 4. The oxtail chili fries were surprisingly sweet but still had a good kick. The kalbi burger was bomb and I had to eat it the next day due to the ridiculous amount of food we ordered (still flipping delicious). The ramen was good but not out of his world. Good hearty portion that hit the spot. It was so delicious that I returned to Vegas 2 weeks later with my boyfriend and requested that we eat here. I ordered the miyagi burger this time and it was amazing and definitely a good sized burger. Highly recommend and will return the next time I'm in Vegas! We were exhausted and hungry after driving 11 hours and there was no line and we were seated promptly.
5	Never wrote a review before but this place is so good I had to! The Oxtail chili cheese fries and a Kiki burger were the best! I've never been happier eating a restaurant burger. This place is a must if you're craving a burger in Vegas.
5	I took a friend to Bachi Burger, I've only been there one other time and I just had the oxtail fries (which is highly recommended). This time I ordered their truffle fries and their Kiki's burger. Their burgers are hand crafted just for you! Let's just say it was the best burger I've ever had! Also, Nick, our food server was The BEST! Very friendly! This is the spot! Can't wait to go back!
5	I heard about this place through triple D and since I was in the area, I thought I'd give it a try! Wow, am I glad I came here! The food was absolutely amazing and the worker staff was super friendly from the moment you walk in. The pork belly buns are a must if you get the chance to visit! They blew my mind and everyone else's who had the chance to try one! If you're looking for a savory burger, try the spicy miso burger, but if you're looking for something unique, try the Banh mi burger.
5	Best burgers in Las Vegas! The Miyagi Burger and Truffle Fries are a must! The customer service is always great.  There sometimes a wait... but it's well worth it!
5	This is the most amazing burger I have ever had!!!!!! We went twice in one week. And if I could eat burgers everyday I would eat baci burgers. It's so good that it's ok that it takes a little longer than most restaurants and there is usually a wait no matter what time of the day or what day of the week. Get there early before you are super hungry. But wow is it uniquely good :)
5	The first time I visited Bachi Burger, there was a 2+ hour wait around 7PM. We needed to head back to OC sooner than that on a Sunday evening, so unfortunately we didn't get to try it out until Cinco de Mayo/Fight Night weekend 2014. We went straight there upon arrival in Vegas around 10PM-11PM. My boyfriend was certain he spotted professional boxer Mickey Bey enjoying a post-fight burger...A couple of us ordered Hitachino beers imported from Japan. At $9 each, I could have done without it since the burger was actually pretty filling. But when in Rome/Vegas, right? The Real Ginger Brew was light and refreshing, but not the most outstanding ginger beer I've ever had. I'm just glad that it was 8% ABV.My boyfriend ordered Sweet Potato Fries $4.50 done Truffle Parmesean style for an extra $1. It was seasoned with sea salt and came with yuzu citrus aioli. He definitely couldn't finish them, so if you are very hungry it is a good value for an appetizer.He also ordered the Banh-Mi Burger $11, a Vietnamese-style burger. It definitely tasted the way a Vietnamese banh mi sandwich would taste in delicious, beefy, burger form.I ordered the Kiki's Burger $11 with a fried egg for an additional $1.50. I was very satisfied with this burger because it was a spicy and sweet tastebud party, but I could have done without the egg. Our server was talking it up, I feel like maybe he was just upselling me on the beer and the egg (tips for higher tax/tips haha). There was plenty of bacon, but of course I saved it for my last bite. I would definitely order this burger again, sans fried egg.The buns at Bachi Burger are extremely fluffy, but once you start eating it will flatten out. Overall, the food is delicious and made with good quality ingredients. I am looking forward to the next time I come to Vegas for another yummy, fluffy-bunned fusion burger!
3	My husband & I went here today for lunch. Very crowded, busy day waited 20 minutes for a table and 35 minutes to get our food. My husband ordered a burger with grilled onions, cheese. Burger came with raw onions not grilled, he was told by server that he needed to order caramelized onions. Plus the staff disagreed with him about grilled vs caramelized onions. I guess they've never heard the customers always right??? I ordered mixed seasonal salad with free range chicken. The salad came and it was arugula, radicchio, sliced carrots and 4 cubes of chicken with skin on it. When I questioned the server I was told can I get you anything else. The kitchens been slammed today. I said no just charge me for the side salad. Not worth the wait!!!!!!If you have to wait then the food/kitchen service suffers......
2	This was my first time at Bachi Burger. I came around 5:50 with 3 of my friends, and the hostess said our wait was going to be around 25 minutes. We walked to the bar to wait, and less than 5 minutes later, we got seated! AwesomeWe got seated and our server introduced herself as Aubrey.I ordered the Bachi Fish and added grilled onions and roasted garlic. I also ordered the Parmesan truffle fries with added garlic and fried egg (because I can't get the oxtail fries - I don't eat meat). So I made my own version sans meat with drizzled chili garlic aioli lol. My friend Mike L ordered the Shogun Burger (with wagyu beef and unagi - $25 burger!) He really liked it and thought it was worth the amount he paid.My friend Stella K ordered the Spicy Miso Burger, which our waitress highly recommended as her favorite burger, and she added grilled onions. My friend Ritchie J ordered the Miyago, which he really liked too.When our food came out, our waitress Aubrey fucked up our order and brought two bachi fish burgers, when we only ordered one... My bachi fish burger had no garlic either, although I specifically said to add garlic. Once we were almost all done with our burgers, my friend's spicy miso burger came out... How could our waitress get her order wrong when she's the one who recommended the burger? ... Horrible service. We also ordered the pork buns, but when my friend's miso burger came out we asked where our pork buns were and she hadn't even placed the order!The food was good, but the service was shit. If I ever do go back to Bachi burger, I wouldn't go to this location.
3	One waiter was very rudeI didnt hear him ask for my plate so he hit the side of my arm to get my attention.
4	Simple short review. You can't go wrong here.  You get what you pay for. Order different burgers and fries and share with friends.  It's a popular place.  Be prepare to wait a bit.
5	The burgers were sooooo perfect. My friends and I came here and tried the ox tail fries, truffle fries, pork buns, kiki burger, miso burger, ronan burger and black and green burger. Allll so delicious!! From those burgers the miso and ronan was the best!! Also had the salt and Carmel milk shake. Service was quick and efficient Definitely coming back here again!!
3	Very unique burgers off the strip. It's very ironic but I usually only come here after late gym sessions since they're open late lol. I am very mixed with this place, there's some items I really love and some items that I really hated.I really love the different options and burger combinations but some of them I feel are seasoned weird and kind of a mish mash of flavor. For example, I really didn't enjoy the crusty crab, black & green, or kalbi burger but I seriously LOVED the kiki and ronin burger. All of them were cooked perfectly and looked beautiful but something about those first 3 burger's seasonings were a little off to me.Their truffle parmesan fries and sweet potato fries are alright, both of them are extremely overused in almost all specialty burger restaurants, and they didn't make them in any different way, so nothing special but still tastes good.Their boba was also the worst I've had, very grainy with hard tapioca pearls, however their red velvet drink is quite amazing! So as you can see, I'm very split, so three stars!
3	Whenever I go somewhere new, I look up DDD's in the area to try.  Bachi Burger came up, and even though I don't remember seeing them on the show, I wanted to try it.  It's a little confusing because there are more than one locations in the area. I went to this one, which I think(?) is the one that was on the show.  The location is in a nondescript strip mall.   I got the pork belly steamed bun appetizer and the bahn-mi burger.  The port belly buns were good.  Pro tip: be careful if you bite in to the bun, the strip of fat at the back of the pork will all come out as one chunk that you can't bite through.  Consider cutting it with a knife or eating the whole thing in one big bite.  It comes with a hoisin type sauce which is quite good. When I ordered the bahn mi burger, the waiter asked me if Medium was OK.  I asked for medium-rare at which point he warned me that the burger contains pork and shrimp, but they will make it medium rare if you want, so I did.The burger was very good.  Portions appear small here but are quite filling.  It comes with fries which are also very good.Nothing knocked my socks off, hence the 4 star rating instead of 5.  I think this place has the potential to be 5-star (perhaps I caught them on an off-day).  I would come back and try more entrees in the future if I come back to the Las Vegas area.My waiter was young but was on the ball and on top of things.  The waitstaff refilled my drinks competently.  There is a parking lot in the strip mall so no issues with parking.Pro tip: if you see Bachi from the road, you will be tempted to park on the wrong site.  The entrance is on the inner-side of the parking lot.  I parked and walked in but was on the wrong side of the restaurant and had to walk through it to get to the greeter station.
5	I have found THE hamburger place in town!! The ratings and reviews are spot on!
5	Heard about this all the way from Hawaii had to check it out. If you not used to the hear wait in your car, there is always 15 to 20 min wait. Got seated pretty quickly as I was greeted by all staff members! Had my favorite beer Hitachino! Almost ten dollars but worth every penny. Tried the oxtail chili cheese fries and roasted pork on bun. Fantastic. For the main course was miyagi burger and kalbi burger, on point like island flavor Alan wong's American fusion. A must try at least once in LV...
5	This place really is the best, I've come here twice and there's always been a line but in both cases the wait was much shorter than expected. I've never waited more than 15 minutes here even though I was given 40+ minute wait times. Service is decent, food comes out inconsistently, we noticed tables after us got served before we did, etc. The food definitely makes up for everything bad that could ever happen here. You have to get the oxtail chili cheese fries, it is sweet and savory and the fries are so good. I would definitely recommend the Ronin and Kiki burgers. I've also tried the Miyagi-san and spicy miso burger - they don't stand out as much as the Ronin does. If you're feeling adventurous, upgrade to a wagyu patty, you can taste the difference. I love the food here and I make it a must-visit spot every time I come to Vegas.
4	One of the most reviewed and highest places to eat in Vegas, OFF the strip count me in!It was pretty busy for dinner, but we got a great table just a few minutes later.Service was nice, though they were busy, they got our order right and food came out quickly,The menu is very different from any other burger place, takes a while to take it in and narrow down the selection.For starters we had the chili fried chicken LOVE, so crispy, sweet and spicy, perfect!Onion rings and salt and pepper garlic fries, also excellent, piping hot and crunchy with great flavors, win!Kids meal, a great value at $9, full sized burger, fries and a side of fruit and veggies, score!I had the Caesar with Baby Romaine, Avocado, Tomato, Parmesan Reggiano, Organic Jidori Chicken Breast and Spanish Anchovy Not a fan, basically a plate of cheese, killed the lightness and all other flavors, cold chicken and I tried my way through all of their dressings, liked none and just didn't eat the salad, no bueno.Much better was the No meat here burger with Wheat ,Red Bean, Shiitake Mushroom Patty, Japanese Eggplant , Mixed Greens, Tofu, Chili Lime VinaigretteBasically 3 veggie burgers in one.The breaded eggplant I can do without, but that Mushroom patty was AMAZING!There was so much going on, so many flavors, so many taste buds that had never been tickled like that!My husband had the The "Banh-Mi" Burger with Angus Beef, Pork, Shrimp, Lemongrass Pork Pate. Fresh Herbs, Curry Aioli Pickled Vegetables, Nuoc Mam Sauce and liked it though, all the different meats in one burger got to him after awhile. Portions are not huge, but the flavors are so intense, that everything is served in perfect proportion.Can't wait to be back, something to look forward to next time I am in Vegas!
4	Saw Bachi Burger on the Food Network so I really wanted to try it and overall very satisfied!! :)Ordered:Ronin Burger (Medium done): yummm, juicy and flavorful, the citrus aioli sauce made it very sweetOxtail Chili Cheese Fries: loved this!! Very flavorful and perfect amount of cheese, don't mix the whole thing though, gets soggy quick!Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger (Medium Done): You can really taste the batter of the onion rings in this one! Flavors are a good mixture and do not overpower .. tasty!Service is great, but then again I went at 11AM when they just opened :P, plenty of parking available.
3	First off let me say that they have a remarkable parking lot, which is where we waited for about 40 mins to get seated, the anticipation I had was that of waiting for a ride at Disneyland, I was mildly disappointed. By the way it looks like a starbu&* convention in the parking lot with the fancy cars and the few overdressed people looking to flex their culinary lack of taste or perhaps they are just herd follower's I don't know, didn't ask either way there is a slightly pretentious feeling in the air there.  Ok, on to the table and food, let it be known that their service is EXCELLENT!, their server's are great, even if the flamboyant gentleman did forget my saracha hot sauce lol. They were quick almost instantaneous with the pre dinner drinks, which came out almost as if they had somebody behind the corner who already knew what we wanted, appetizers took about 10 mins, and they would have been worth a 20 minute wait, all of our guests reported they loved the appetizers, in fact one said he would just forget the burger and order the chicken appies and the fries for pick-up and head home, they were that good. NO compaints there at all. * I cant express how great our waiter was, and their staff even tho he did forget my hot sauce request*  They give SUPERIOR customer service.   About 15 mins or so after the appies came out our main course ala burgers arrived, in all their pretentious arrogant glory lol, with their glossy buns and spike stabbed thru the middle, initially I thought "so this is what those perfectly presented and prepared commercial burgers look like in real life", they looked like Hollywood props, very shiny, looking it over I had to chuckle lol, I ordered it well and it was cooked perfectly once again, if anything they are consistent here, the burger was too sweet for my tastes, it didn't deliver the punch to the palate that I was expecting but it was very OK, nothing stood out at me or there was nothing singular ingredient wise I could say I liked about this particular burger, you know eh, it was ok, it looks way better than it tastes. I cant honestly give a superb recommendation for this place because it just wasn't worth the price, its a 6 dollar burger at best with a 15 dollar presentation. Yes it does look great, but for all that flash it needs more bite. I've had better at local pubs for way less. The truffle fries were on a 1-10 scale a solid 8, very tasty as was their chili fries.    Maybe its the hipster crowd herd following thing that makes this place appear better than it really is, or I guess people just have mediocre taste buds but Bachi burger didn't do it for me, cant say that I will return unless its for appetizers to go.... Get out there and eat Vegas , explore and report =) be well.
3	This place is always packed, we came in and asked for a table for 4.  We were told it would be a 40 minute wait.  When the time was up, they called our name and sine the other 2  people in our party were not present, we were told we could not be seated...I asked why stating we were going to order drinks and appetizers until they arrive.  We were told no, because in case the other 2 did not show up, they did not want to waste a 4 top for only 2 people, REALLY?So we had to wait another 15 minutes which I was not happy about but the wife was.  My money spends just like everyone else and to refuse me a table after waiting almost 45 minutes will definitely make me think twice before I take my money back to this place.  I know they won't care as they are busy and get the business anyway, so loosing a few customers probably is not important to them, the treatment I received as a customer though is important to me.The food here is good and it is sad they treat people the way they do, but I guess when you have good food and a consistent crowd, you forget that without customers, your business is nothing.
3	Went here last week. This place has been on our food bucket list for a while now. We had the oxtail fries, miso burger and the pork bun appetizers. I was disappointed in the fries. The sauce had a weird sweet taste. It would have been good had they omitted whatever they put to make it sweet. I split the burger with the hubby, and while it was good it wasn't anything special. The pork buns were yummy, but this seems like one of those "trend" foods that everyone is trying to do. You really can't go wrong with these and they were good. Service was good, I would probably go back and order other things to try.
1	Service is poor. Twice here. Called and left take out order and hour later still waiting? $42 for 2 burgers and 1 fries. Think I'll pass next time. Better burgers with better service out there
4	Went here for my birthday for my first time. Sooo good! Friendly service. Delicious, quality burgers. Nothing like it. The place is a little small and pricey, but it's okay. Their fries and pineapple ketchup is super yum!
2	Great food. Absolutely shit service. If you come in and order a To-Go about 8 people walk by and look at you like you're and inconvenience. The food is the only aspect of Bachi and Shoyu Ramen keeping it afloat. Only reason I didn't give 1 star is because the guy who finally helped was awesome and made up for it...
4	Kalbi burger was bangin....Anna the waitress....cool as the other side of the pillow....Check...a little high for what you get but whateverPeanut Butter/Choc shake....i dont know if its worth $6 bucks but its a damn good milkshake
4	I was in Vegas for work and picking up my boss at the airport so was looking for a good lunch spot off of the strip.  I read some great reviews of Bachi Burger on Yelp so was excited to try it out.  I sat at the bar and it was easy because the wait for a table was a little bit.  My waiter was really friendly and gave a full explanation of the menu and his recommendations.  I ended up going with his favorite which was the Miyagi-sans Grass Fed Wagyu Burger and the fries.  I loved the pineapple ketchup for the fries as I had never had that before.  The burger was delicious too.  It was massive and I didn't think I was going to finish it but I devoured it.Unassuming spot in a strip mall but great burgers!
5	In all honesty, I was not expecting to love this place so much. I love burgers, but had not heard much before trying the restaurant. On the same trip to Las Vegas, of course this was another one on the list for me to try. And I am so happy I did! I went with two other friends, both foodies as well, both love burgers too! Again, the wait for this place was long, 25 min. but worth the wait. I've found the trend that long lines, means good food :)The three of us decided to each get a burger and share. The ones we decided on were the Shogun Burger, Kiki's Burger and Spicy Miso Burger. We started out meal out with two tasty appetizers in the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns. Both were Amazing! Great start to our delicious meal.The first burger was the Shogun burger...$25. Yes, pretty pricey...But we went all out as foodies! This burger was so mouthwatering and delicious I could not believe all the flavors coming out in the first bite! The Wagyu Beef & Unagi was so soft and just melted in your mouth as the buttery miso helped smooth it out even more. There was a sweetness that hit me as well, not knowing what it was at first, I quickly recalled it being the peach and pear. Best tasting gourmet burger I have ever had!Kiki's Burger was a delight as well! I have to say all the burgers were soft and tender and mouthwatering. Just the flavors varied depending on the ingredients...which were high quality. The last on was the Spicy Miso Burger. And of course I enjoyed this one as well because of the spice, still not that spicy, but had a kick to it. And of course the fried egg and garlic making a great taste combination.Would highly recommend for burger lovers. The flavors of the burgers are Asian inspired, and work very well. Want to go again soon!
4	After watching diners, drive ins and dives, we had to check this place out while in Vegas. My family ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries, the spicy miso burger, the Ronin burger, and the pork buns. The food was really good. The spicy miso burger was the best. The friendly service and the unique combination of Asian inspired flavors with traditional fast food American, makes this a place we will be sure to visit again next time we're in town. I'm knocking off 1 star because the boba would've been way better blended, rather than poured over ice, and the oxtail fries didn't have much of a unique 'oxtail' flavor to it.
5	Had a black and green burger...yummm.  Hidden spot off the strip.  You must check it out.
3	Definitely away from the strip and traffic which is good, but they need a bigger parking lot! My first impression was good, Bachi Burger seemed like an asian infused burger place that knew how to do things right. The only problem I had with this place was service.There was a 20 minute wait in which we said bar or table was okay. After 15 minutes in, the hostess calls the table before us and asked if they wanted to do bar. They said no, and so I went up to ask if we could take the bar seating instead since we were next anyways. The lady says, "sorry, the bar isn't open seating." Umm.. what? The first hostess said that if there was available bar seating she would let us know and seat us. So we were like okay.... I guess. We waited another 10 minutes (she seats a big party of 5 in the meantime) and then calls my name and asks if we were okay with bar seating. Seriously? You rejected us 10 minutes ago.. and then you ask us if we wanted it after? What a waste of time and space. It's just been empty sitting there the whole time.. By this time I was super hangry and unhappy at her, so I just stalked to the bar and sat. Our guy server at the bar was nice, but was extremely slow. We had to flag down multiple servers and busboys to get our check, and paying for the food was a really long process. For this place being busy all the time, you would think their service should be up to par and they should be running efficiently. But it's not... I would typically minus one for service, but this was at two points (hostess and waitress) where it was lacking...Anyways on to the food- which was absolutely delicious.Salt and pepper fries- they were okay, I really wanted the oxtail fries but I don't think the two of us could stomach that and a burger. Will be back to try that next time!Miyagi-San- grass fed wgayu beef with bacon, fried egg, onion rings, and japanese spice (added cheddar). This burger was absolutely amazing! Everything was done so well, and the meat was delicious and juicy. Yum... Will definitely be back to try different burgers and the oxtail fries. Hope their service improves by the time I return...
3	It's good, but kind of bland.  I had their green and black burger, and my bf has their miso burger. Miso was actually better than the green/black burger. Their beef patty and buns were actually tender and soft, respectively, but even after adding salt that was provided, it was just a regular gourmet burger joint. Nothing special. Their oxtail fries were good for large groups, but it was ok also. This place is better than Gordon Ramsay's BurGR though.
3	Honestly all the hype about this restaurant is overrated. Oxtail chili cheese fries overly sweet & barely any oxtail. Takoyaki was yummy big chunks of octopus.Sausages was a tad salty.Kiki burger, again too sweet & you couldn't taste the bacon very thin but meat was cooked perfectly. Miyagi San was ok nothing special, sane scenario about the bacon. Service was fast & great.
4	Phenomenal burgers! Had the bahn mi and the ronin! Truffle fries but have had heaps better at other locales. But again, amazing burgers... Would go back just for that!
4	Oxtail-chili-cheese-fries was OK, not as much ox tail as I anticipated,  sweet potato fries good, Burgers good and juicy.  aribiki sausage a bit salty.
5	Hands down best burger joint I've been to. Affordable and amazing service, our waiter was super friendly. His names Dan :) I got the miyagi sun burger medium well and oxtail fries. Oh my gosh. It was absolutely on point. Very satisfying meal and definitely want to come back here. Be prepared to wait in line though! But it's DEFINITELY worth the wait!!
5	Awesome Burgers!
3	Just left. This was our second time here. The food was still very tasty. We were disappointed with a couple of things. We looked at the menu on their website before we got seated and decided what we wanted. When we saw our bill it was six dollars more expensive. Each of our burgers were two dollars more than what the website stated as well as the fries we ordered. I guess the prices have gone up but they never fixed their prices. We also did not receive good service. The hostess was the only good service we had. She was very sweet. Our waiter seemed very confused and unorganized. He seemed to be rushing us the whole time. The service does not match the quality of food. I would still go back for the great burgers but hopefully we will get a different server next time.
1	Worst service ever by Rob and the manager. Just asked for no chili mayo and I get a give minute speech about I better not have allergies or they can't serve me. The manager needed me to confirm I can eat everything in the burger and then substituted the fry dip even though my friend could eat it.
3	The food here was absolutely delicious. However the service (intelligence?) was a bit lacking.. I was in a party of 3 and they seated us at a table meant for 2 people. We asked if we could change to a table that would seat four because we saw a recently cleaned one and the hostess refused us and said that they were already seating another party, which turned out to be only two people! Therefore, our table was very cramped when the food arrived because we had ordered quite a bit. Despite that mishap, the oxtail chili cheese fries were so good and the specialty manga burger was perfectly cooked and juicy and delicious. I will be coming here another time on my next visit to Vegas. Hopefully I'll get better seating though ?
5	During my recent business trip to Vegas, Bachi Burger was BY FAR the best meal that I enjoyed!  Arriving during the prime dinner period, my friend and I immediately noticed the good amount of people waiting to be seated.  Note: they do not take reservations.  Our party of 2 put our name in and sat down, fully expecting to wait the 30 minutes that we were told by the hostess.  Shockingly, within 5 minutes we were called up and seated; sometimes being just a party of 2 helps a lot!  I ordered the Miyagi-san's Grass-Fed Wagyu Burger, which came topped with chili mayo, a fried egg, furikake, caramelized bacon, and crispy onion rings, as well as their salt & pepper garlic French fries, with a side of pineapple ketchup.  From the first delectable bite to the last, this meal was fantastic.  The burger was prepared perfectly and every bite was FULL (FULL!) of flavor.  The fries were great and the pineapple ketchup was sublime.  I enjoyed three burgers during this recent Vegas trip (Bachi, Fukuburger, and BurGR) and this meal was by far the best!  The two locations are off of the Strip, but do yourself a favor and go!
1	Yelp has pull down may bad review of the restaurant because it involved Management swearing at it's employees. I thought we had a little thing in this country called the Constitution which guarantees freedom of press. It makes me wonder if business owners are paying off your help to take off bad reviews. Shame I never want involved in this type of practice. If they don't like customers telling the truth about the restaurant they need to change their practices. I have noticed that quite a few reviews of this nature in regards to this particular restaurant. To be clear. This is a repost. I haven't returned to this place and never will but I will keep reposting if yelp removes it. I believe in free speech and people should know how bad this place is.
4	Great place for burgers off the strip.  Service was excellent. The staff was knowledgeable on the menu. Had a person with fish allergy in our party and they went above and beyond to accommodate him. The pork belly steamed buns and Bahn mi burger was great. The Oxtail Fries were ok. Nice and trendy atmosphere.
2	I have come here 2 different times and they have tried to jam both of my groups into a smaller amount of tables. 1 more table would be great. First time it was a group of 15 adults and the 2nd time it was 6 adults and 1 high chair. We tried calling ahead to give them warning both times and they dont take reservations. The wait wasnt to bad either time. Food is amazing.
4	Definitely one of my favorite burger bars in Las Vegas.  My goal is to go down the menu list and try each one of their burgers. So far, I have accomplished 4. Ronin burger: This was my very first burger at Bachi. It is made up of angus beef, caramelized onions, fried egg, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, katsu BBQ, and yuzu citrus aioli. So simple, but so good.Shogun burger: The burger consisted of waygu beef & unagi, pan seared foie gras, poached asian pear, miso butter, and yamamomo peach. There were so many flavors going on in my mouth, it's hard to describe the taste. Is it worth $25? Probably not. Is it worth a try? Definitely yes.Miyagi-san burger: Another waygu beef burger. Also comes with fried egg, furikake, caramelized bacon, onion rings, and chili mayo. Great tasting burger. I liked how it was not messy, even though it had so much going on in it.Kiki's burger: The most recent burger I tried. This is Bachi's version of a mushroom burger. It's made of angus beef, sauteed shiitake, enoki, and eryngii mushrroms. There's also caramelized bacon and gruyere cheese. Sauce: garlic chili aioli and sweet onion marmalade. I like it. If you're feeling extra fatty, get the oxtail chili cheese fries. Pretty heavy. But SO good and savory. Get it to share!They also serve ramen here at Bachi. I've tried one of their bowls before but it was not memorable. I don't even remember the name of it. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. Just stick with the burgers.p.s. Bachi is better than Umami
2	Definitely did not live up to the hype.  The burger was overcooked (asked for medium, got well done), fries were dry, soda was extremely watered down.  The Shishito Peppers appetizer was pretty awesome, though.I had the Mr. Hoe's Burger.  It was tasty enough but not something to write home about.  After hearing so many excellent reviews I was let down in a big way.  There are much better burger joints in town.
5	This had become a tradition for my group that I go to Vegas with! We drink, gamble, and when were down to our last $20-30 then we go here! When you come here you forget all the money you've lost and end the trip on a happy note! I personally love onions and egg on my burger and so I recommend getting the Miyagi Burger! It goes for about $13.50. Then add some fries and a coke and the total should come out to around 20 usually. The first time I had the oxtail chili cheese fries and found a hair in it, but they were so nice they gave us a whole new chilli cheese fries and all the drinks were free (about a group of 10-12 of us). The meat they use and bread is just different. It is like the first meal they give you once you get to Heaven. lol I might be over exaggerating, but its definitely my favorite burger (better than Umami, DogHaus, In-n-out, etc).RecommendationsDont come into the place thinking of all the hype you hear and just judge it for being such great quality. A bit pricey, but not some where you go to eat everyday either. Be ready to spend at least 20 if you want a meal.
5	Best burger joint in vegas. It's good that they combined bachi with their ramen place next door. Been here at least 10 times, the food has always been good. Service used to good but now it's very average.
5	These Asian fusion flavors will make an indelible impression on any burger fan willing to branch out and try something different. In fact, many food critics say "Bachi Burger" might just be the best gourmet burger spot in Vegas (which is a pretty bold statement considering all the burger joints on the Strip backed by famous chefs). Burger "connoisseurs" unwilling to experiment any further than some avocado or pepper jack, however, might be scared off by this menu. For instance, the Ronin Burger features Angus beef, carmelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, Miso-Goma dressing, fried egg, Katsu BBQ, and Yuzu citrus aioli. The Banh-Mi Burger includes Angus beef, pork, shrimp, lemongrass pork pate, fresh herbs, curry aioli, pickled vegetables, and Nuoc Mam sauce.Don't be intimidated, though -- there are other options for those with simpler tastes and you can always build your own burger by starting off with an Angus patty or Wagyu patty and adding ingredients from there. Fried onion rings, applewood bacon, grilled onions, cheddar cheese, etc can all be added to any patty for $1.50 each.There are also a variety of different sandwiches to choose from and I could honestly fill up on the fries alone. The oxtail chili cheese fries with garlic aioli and fried egg are extremely popular, but the more traditional fries are also a big hit -- mainly because of the savory sauces that accompany them. The garlic chili aioli, Yuzu citrus aioli, sundried tomato aioli and pineapple ketchup are all HIGHLY recommended for dipping or drowning the fries of your choice (the options are regular, garlic, sweet potato, and truffle Parmesan).If you're not much of an adventurous diner, you'll probably stay away from Bachi Burger. Your taste buds will definitely be missing out, though.
5	Best burgers in Vegas! The buns are super soft and the unique asian style flavor combinations are to die for. I've been here numerous time and have never had a bad experience.  I also try a different burger on every visit and have not been let down once.  The burgers are large and very filling but I say splurge and get yourself an order of the oxtail chili cheese fries as well because they are amazing!
5	I never write reviews... ever! This place was awesome! my absolute favorite burger! Fries are outrageous. Staff is awesome. And those soft as hell buns!!! Pair that with the awesome combinations of ingredients with wagyu beef! My only complaint is that I live in phx and not vegas! Bachi in Phx Please!!! :) Screw the places on the strip this place is where its at!!!
4	Truffle fries were excellent.  You can pass on the duck and pork belly buns.  The iced tea was terrible, boba was not good.  Miagi burger was really good.  Cooked perfectly, juicy and tangy.  It was a little oily though but still good.
5	I must admit, one of the best burgers i've had! Also a must try, pork belly steamed bun! Everything was amazing... Truffle fries & oxtail chili fries! Added plus was the great service we had from Ashley. Definitely stop by this place!
1	Worst service I've ever gotten. McDonald's has better manners than the girl serving us. It took a minute to get our food which she couldn't get right. And who fills my sprite with water? I'll never go back. This place went to garbage quick.
5	This place serves by far the best burgers I have ever had!  The service, ambiance, presentation of food is immaculate.... It is not a loungy type of restaurant where you can hang out for a long time, the turn around time is fast and it feels more like a bistro.  Even though there is an outside sitting area, but it defeats the purpose in the 100 F weather.  So I would say the restaurant is more enjoyable on the off night, when you dont have to sit too close to other people and have the time to chew your burger.  LOL Prices are very reasonalble for the amount of food you get.  Totally a must visit!
1	Worst service ever including very rude hostess. We were told we could sit at the bar & we were looking at a 25-30 minute wait. Then at the bar several people were eating but we were told we couldn't because there was 2 of us!!! Only parties of 1. Not even an appetizer for the long wait which ended up being an hour wait. Then upon finally being seated we were told there's an hour backup on food. After placing order & waiting on empty glasses of water, the server let us know he couldn't run my card because machines were down. We had to sit there an extra 25 minutes after eating for them to finally run my card. It's clear they don't care about their customers. I used to go here all the time but after the last few times of very poor & unfriendly service, I'll be going to Skinnyfats or Burger Bar at Mandalay for a much better burger & service.
3	Ehhh this place is good but I prefer the Sahara and Fort Apache location. It's such a small place.
4	We attempted Bachi Burger after watching the World Cup today. It was pretty busy and we were a tad cranky from the 116 degree heat out.  We were seated pretty quick despite the crowd near the entrance.  We shared the Spicy Miso Burger and the truffle fries.  It was a lot of food!  The burger was cooked perfectly medium rare (this is a lot to ask for at other places), the bun was delightfully light and fluffy.  It was at least a 3 napkin job due to the sauce and egg.  The truffle fries were good, but I think we would skip them for regular fries or garlic fries.  They used a truffle gravy.  I think a truffle salt or oil would be tastier.  Overall, the food transformed our moods and the staff was nice and attentive.
5	STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND GRAB A BURGER HERE.I had the Mr. Miyagi burger. WOW. just WOW. the toppings, the beef, everything was just divine. One of the best burgers of my life.
3	We decided to check out Bachi Burgers while visiting friends in Vegas.  First the good stuff.  The service was great, quick and friendly.  Our server also advised us to put our orders in ahead of a larger party which helped is get our food sooner.  The food was mix.  We ordered the sausages and Peking duck steam buns as appetizers.  Both were delicious.  The oxtail chili fries were greasy and salty.  A big let down! We also ordered 3 burgers.  They were over cooked and too sweet.  The plantation teas was way too sweet.  We may give Bachi a second try next time with are in Vegas.  For now, Bachi gets an "average" Rating.
5	Everything about this place is amazing....the food is spot on... Great service... Will  be back...great job
3	The hype is medium. Just like my burger. The 1 hour+ lines are normal, and make sure you realize it's 13 mins off the strip and there are 2 locations.The oxtail fries were 'good.' Most people live and die by these (and the truffle fries I didn't try), but I thought the oxtail was too much chili like and not tender shreds of tail like. The fried egg on top of fries is definitely amazing.The burgers are hit and miss:Ronin burger - reminded me of eating sushi rolls in a burger. Tons of great miso glaze, a fried egg, carmelized onion, multiple BBQ and other glazes. Delish. Worth $11.Kiki burger - great use of 3 types of asian mushrooms, grueye cheese and sauce. Worth $11.Miyagi-san grass fed Wagyu burger - very average. Didn't taste amazing. Tasted like a regular burger. Not worth $14.Shogun burger - wagyu beef with foie gras. Didn't taste anything special at all. Definitely not worth $26, even with asian pear, miso butter and asian peaches inside. Skip it.3.5 stars overall. The taste is very good, but it's not as amazing and not worth an hour-2 hour wait in my opinion. Definitely give it a try though.
5	As my first official yelp review, Bachi Burger definitely earns the privilege of being the "first"! We went for to Bachi Burger during the lunch rush house madness however I only waited about less than 10 minutes to get seated. I went ahead and ordered for my bf as he always gets a usual burger (ketchup and mustard only) regardless of where he is eating. I ordered a protein style medium well with avocado burger. I would hands down say this has been the best protein burger I've ever had. I was a bit skeptical about order a protein burger as I didn't not maybe reviews on me. But I was definitely not disappointed. Great Asian infused flavor. I also ordered the aioli fries and he got regular fries. bomb.com !My bf was very satisfied with his "plain" burger, and he's definitely the pickier one. He always a says that a "good burger doesn't need so many ingredients". He even filled out the survey! Overall great place. It might be a bit more pricier, but you get what you pay for! Did I mention that they automatically gave us military discount without asking. (He came in uniform) from work. Good customer service and great food! Must try :)
5	We visited Bachi Burger because it was recommended by friends.  I ordered their No meat here burger which was a Shitake mushroom Patty topped with eggplant, mixed greens and tofu.  It was very hearty, I did not miss the meat!  The sandwich was so huge that I had to use a fork and knife to eat it.  The bun was the best bun i've every had with a burger, wish I could have taken a dozen home with me.  We also ordered the truffle fries and I tasted my friends Ox tail chili cheese fries which was unreal!  My husband had a Angus burger which he will talk about in his own review.  There are many other menu items that i'd like to try.  Going back there again the next time I visit Las Vegas.
4	Oxtail chili fries ftw. The truffle fries are not very truffle-y. Had better at I Love Burger, Gordon Ramsay Burgr, and Guy Fieri's. They're covered in a mushroom sauce that's tasty, but I'd call them creamy mushroom fries, not truffle fries.
3	Not completely sold. I saw this place on the Foodnetwork and thought it looked really good. i had driven past it a few times and just never made it in until now. I came on a Thursday night and it was not too crowded and we were able to sit at the bar with really no wait time. We started with beer which was actually well priced and ordered 2 burgers and an order of sweet potato fries. We had the Kiki burger and the Mr. Ho burger. the fries were actually amazing and the sauce perfectly suited. The burgers however were not great, nor even really all that good. They were immensely salty and the mish mash of flavors did not work right together, they sounded good on paper but they lacked finesse and were really just redolent of salt not flavor. The burgers were cooked perfectly though and that is a plus.I really wanted to like this place and it really started to fill up as we left but there are certainly better options in Vegas where you can skip this place and hit the next gourmet burger shop. You won't miss anything by not coming here.
5	Amazing burgers.  The quality of the ingredients and how it comes together, makes a very good burger. Oxtail fries is very good too.
1	This place consistently lied to me about wait times and never mentioned how long ordering to serving would take until we had already committed more than an hour of waiting time. The fact that they had tables available in their side room and patio that they didn't have enough servers for was astonishing. Bad business practices. And being told it would take 40 minutes for food to be served after we had already waited an hour was very upsetting.Go to this place at your own risk, I will warn you in case they don't.
4	Saw Bachi featured on DDD one night and was so happy to find out that it was located less than a mile away from my house in Las Vegas. I've tried a few of the burgers. My favorite is the kalbi burger. I love the marinade and the kimchee and spicy mayo they use. I could smell this marinated beef patty from outside. In loooove with the oxtail chili cheese fries! Every time I bring someone here, that's a hit. Went one time and finally got to try the pork belly buns, but unfortunately the pork belly was cold when we got it, kind of congealed already. My family eats a lot of pork belly and being Chinese, I'm familiar with similar dishes. My friend and I were highly disappointed. I love their strawberry jasmine lemonade! So good ESP in the LV heat. Never seen the combo anywhere else. They also opened a ramen house next door. You can order from both menus. I'll be back to try the ramen (but probably not until the winter) and to give those pork belly buns another try.
4	Great burgers!!  Come early as the placed is packed.  Well worth the wait. Good stuff!!!!
5	Kinda hidden on far end of strip mall, but sign on side of the building helps.  Excellent burgers and truffle parm fries.  Service staff is fast and friendly.  My wife really liked the lychee boba drink.  Lots of TVs -- good to watch some sports while enjoying fantastic food.  Enjoyed the Spicy Miso and Banh-Mi burgers.  Taro bun on the Mr. Ho's burger was a little different for my taste.  Excellent restaurant.
5	BURGER LUVI've been coming here since Lorin Watada opened Bachi Burger, and I haven't discovered anyone else who can come close to replicating Bachi Burger. My brain stem is a hostage of his Kalbi tender sweet kimchee burger prepared medium-rare. My other crackseed brain craving is his creamy smooth Ox Tail Chili Cheese Fries.BTW... check out my 808 friend and YELP'er Jo Y's Bachi Burger review. She does super TMZ job about Braddah Lorin Watada's path to success.
3	Apps were great. We had cox oxtail fries and duck bun sliders. All high quality and good flavor.  Burger was darn good as well.  Not the best ive had, but enjoyable.  Service was very good too. I would have given 4 stars but the flies were ridiculous.  We sat inside and kept swatting flies. It really took away from the experience. It also makes you question the cleanliness of the operation. This is Vegas and indoors, flies should never be this bad.
4	Have been here 2 times... Both times were great. The restaurant has very long wait times. My first attempt to go here I was to hungry to wait- second time I called ahead (5-10 min wait) but by the time I got there it was 25 min wait... it was worth it. I had onion ring app, the shogun burger and truffle fries. The second time I ordered to go- the veggie burger and a salad... the burger had a really thick slice of eggplant that was too much for me, but great otherwise. Will return and recommend
5	Been to bachi and shoku a few times I like that they are one entity. The added bar is a very nice touch. Our server Dan was excellent and knew the menu very well and had some great suggestions. I was able to order from both menus which was a bonus. My oxtail chili cheese fries and octopus pancakes as apps were outstanding. My ramen was to die for. We enjoyed our food soooooo much I had to ask our server for the name of the chef. Chef Don was on point with all our dishes. Thanks Bachi and Shoku we will definitely see you soon
5	It's been almost two years and too many visits. Just kidding, you can't make too many visits here. Anyway, time for an update!Bachi Burger is a fantastic burger place that I always recommend to friends and family, locals and visitors alike. The specialty burgers are obviously what you want to get, but don't turn a blind eye to appetizers and fries.I've enjoyed the kurobuta and aribaki sausage w/ honey mustard, chili fried chicken, oxtail chili cheese fries, and the sweet potato fries before. However, my favorite side is definitely the truffle parmesan fries with parmigiano reggiano, white truffle oil (shut up, I know it's not real truffle), porcini cream, and sundried tomato aioli. I don't tend to have it while I'm in the middle of a Bachi burger, so I usually try to get them to bring it out earlier than the burgers.I will detail all the burgers that I've eaten in reverse power rankings style:7) "Banh-mi" Burger. Brownie points for the quotation marks. I always enjoy a good banh mi, but I am not a fan of this burger, and it still saddens me that this is the one that they chose to feature on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. The flavors just don't work or harmonize together for some reason, and I always steer people away from this.6) Mr. Ho's. The highlight is probably lup cheong, a sweet pinkish red pork sausage. The problem is that the overall flavor profile is too sweet and only has that one flavor. Glad I've tried it, glad I'll never have to order it again.5) Spicy miso. I had this tied with Kiki's before, but I've gotta make a choice. Nothing especially wrong here, and really love the fried egg. Heat seekers, do know that the sauce isn't that spicy, even for someone with a delicate palate like me. If I had a rotation, this would make my rotation.4) Kiki's. My old second favorite burger. Bacon, lots of mushrooms, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, garlic chili aioli. Sweet overall but not too sweet, and a good layering of flavors.3) Miyagi-san's grass-fed wagyu. Relatively simple combination here to accompany the default "wagyu" patty. Chili mayo, fried egg, furikake, caramelized bacon, and crispy onion rings. It's really weird though, since I specifically taking a bite, not enjoying it, then flipping my burger upside down and really loving it. I guess the flavors hit my mouth a lot better that way. Try it both ways and see for yourself.By the way, I couldn't really distinguish wagyu from the normal angus beef, so you're likely better off not "upgrading" any of your other specialty burgers.2) Manga. My burger from today. This was a special posted on the chalkboard outside. It is a 7 oz patty with sunny side up egg (presented without top bun not layered), sprouts, crab and scallop dynamite, and a side of pickled ginger. Apparently, enoki mushrooms also were in it, but I don't recall. Anyway, if you're a fan of dynamite, you need to eat this. The egg contributes as usual, the dynamite flavor is all there (most tender baby scallops I've ever had, by the way), the beef flavor is always there, and the pickled ginger can add extra sweetness if you so desire. I couldn't decide whether I enjoy it more with or without ginger.1) Ronin. Still my favorite, although the manga made a really, really strong case. I think the yuzu citrus aioli adds enough acidity that it pushes the Ronin above a very strong field of contenders. Caramelized onions, Japanese coleslaw, miso goma dressing, and my beloved fried egg complete the flavor combination.All burgers really should be enjoyed medium-rare. It's cooked, but you still get that nice pinkish center and keep all the juiciness. If you order it well-done, I will personally hunt you down and even haunt your dreams if I must. They have always delivered the right temperature and never gotten me sick, so don't under or over-order.Some don't believe that it's the best burger in town. I haven't eaten everywhere in Vegas yet, but this is still my favorite place, even in spite of the recent menu-wide price hike. I will also note that some guy who writes a blog solely about Vegas burgers has apparently been almost everywhere, and he's named Bachi as his favorite. You will have to see for yourself, and I hope you manage to go early or late enough to avoid the ubiquitous crowds.
5	The Hype is real! Hate the wait but when you want something unique when visiting vegas a little wait makes your trip a lot better. Recommend OX Tail Fries, onion rings, and any of their burgers
2	I wasn't impressed.  The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries was very good but the Miyagi-san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger and Ronin burger were not.  Both burgers were relatively tasteless and whatever taste was there was interesting.It is definitely not worth a taxi ride from the strip.
4	We had the Kiki burger, the sausage appetizer, and a well-paired Hitachino ale.  Friendly, upbeat service.
5	I made my pilgrimage twice in one weekend while visiting Las Vegas. Friday night, 10pm, there was still a 25 minute wait-- a testament to how good this place is! I scored a single spot at the bar right away- the advantage of traveling solo. I had the steamed bun with pork belly and truffled fries, both excellent. If I had to nit pick, I'd say the truffle gravy is a bit strange, and the pink dipping sauce along side is a distraction. Possibly consider moving the truffle gravy to the dipping sauce location and just toss those crispy thin fries with truffle oil.Sunday, on my way out of Vegas, they were not serving at the bar, so I waited 35 minutes for my one-top table. Service was fast and efficient. I had my old favorite, the banh mi burger and their onion rings- which are amazing. Thinly sliced and tempura battered- perfectly crisp. This is a don't miss spot- although you need to plan for a wait, it's well worth it!
3	This is a good casual place to eat a quick lunch or dinner with friends. Decor is nice inside and the waiters are very attentive, I never had to ask for a refill of water.As others have mentioned, the oxtail chili cheese fries are a must. Don't underestimate the portion, it's a huge plate of fries slathered with yummy oxtail sauce goodness with melted cheese and beans. I usually share it with 2 other friends and we are all basically half full before our burgers even arrive.In terms of the burgers, they have interesting options here but nothing stands out to me that much, though they also have big portions (compared to Umami). Overall a unique restaurant with good price and service
4	Service: 3Food: after having it the first time I rated it a 5. Now after the second time it's 3.5-4 We came here on a sat night knowing there will be a wait. We put our names down and was told that for a party of 5 it's going to be 30-45 min wait. Exactly 30 mins later we checked back in and it seems like they have already crossed our names out (we weren't waiting outside of the restaurant we walked around).  We were told that unfortunately they would have to rewrite our names on the bottom of their list again since we left the area. I personally have never heard of that rule or ever been to any restaurant that practices that so I tried reasoning with the hostess. Long story short turns out that they could "make something happen" and that there's another party just leaving and we will get seated right after. Our waitress was really nice and did a good job at recommending different menu items but she didn't check back in with us very often to see how things are going and if we needed anything. I remembered the burgers being amazing the first time I tried them. However this time not so much, my burger tasted a lot more saltier than I remembered and to my liking. We got the truffle fries and a side of pineapple ketchup. I mean I LOVE pineapple so I just HAD to try it. It taste just like ketchup that's a little on the sweeter side but other than that I don't taste anything different. I'm guessing it's just ketchup mixed with pineapple juice but who knows! I got the "banh mi" burger and the bf got the Ronin Burger. Banh mi burger...like I mentioned was pretty salty, but I think that might be because the pickled carrot was not made correctly. I tasted the carrot on its own and it was extreme salty and nasty so I had to take it out of my burger. Other than that little hiccup..everything was wonderful. The bf loved his burger I mean you can't go wrong with a juicy patty and fried egg! OH did I mention their flavored soda is ammmaazzingggg! I've tried the apple lychee, the peach one, as well as orange tangerine and every single one is great!  Overall experience was great. Def will be back again.
3	I finally got to try this place on Friday after spending an evening at the Auto Mall and this appeared to be the only thing open that was on the way home besides fast food. I was excited to try it but mehhh - way overhyped and not worth the steep amounts they're charging for fusion burgers and fries.Rachel and I had a kalbi burger ($11), oxtail fries ($11.50) and a side salad ($5). The food was decent and had very nice presentation but still this isn't a fancy restaurant and just because you make it look like Gordon Ramsay's BurGR, I suddenly have to pay prices upwards of 20 bucks? I got the kalbi burger because it was one of the more affordable options and sounded good. It is basically a regular beef burger with Korean BBQ style sauce drizzled on the patty and some kimchi that didn't have much taste. Nothing special. If I had some Korean BBQ sauce, I too could make this exact burger at home. The oxtail fries were good but nothing more than some chopped beef and a sunny side egg on top of some cheese fries. It was good but not worth the $11.50 price point which cost more than my burger WTF.Service was decent and we kept getting water refills without having to ask. There are certainly some characters working here and Rachel and I both had some good laughs at the staff's expense. Inside jokes so y'all needn't worry about it haha
4	Is it? Is it the best burger in Las Vegas? On the strip, you are definitely not going to find the best burger in Las Vegas. Trust me. I tried looking -- this means I spent a lot of cash paying for subpar burgers. Luckily, just before you hit Vegas on the 15, exiting East Windmill Lane, you have Bachi Burger. The Asian inspired burger joint was showcased on Diners, Drive-In, and Dives, and I immediately made plans for a Vegas trip -- I made it my first stop.We started things off with the oxtail chili cheese fries. Most times, chili cheese fries or poutine has fries that are left soggy from the sauce. I liked how the fries were still intact and crisp. The ox tail was tender and was almost chili like -- cooking for hours helped make it into a mush of things. The garlic aioli and fried egg made everything so creamy and smooth. I liked the edition of the cilantro. It gave the dish such a freshness and helped with the richness of the oxtail. With the help of the jalapenos which were quite spicy, the dish was complete.Though the oxtail fries were good, we all came here for the burger. Morse specifically, I came here for the Ronin burger. This burger had angus beef, caramelized onions, jalapenos, coleslaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu bbq, and yuzu citrus aioli. I know that seems like a lot of ingredients, but all of the flavors worked. I am a firm believer that a good burger has to have gooey melted cheese or a strong cheese presence -- cheese is always a must. I was surprised that this Asian inspired burger, with no cheese was so delicious. The beef patty was cooked perfectly medium rare with a nice crust and pink in the middle. The spicy jalapenos and the sweet bbq and citric aioli all bounced around and filled my mouth with flavor. If you were to get one burger at Bachi, this is the one to get.Not feeling like another burger, we decided on the pork belly steamed buns. Filled with an irresistable duroc pork belly, the meat was cut thick. The skin and fat on the pork melted in your mouth and created such an unctuous flavor. The boiled egg added more richness to the steam bun. The cilantro, scallions, and radish helped balance the rich fatty pork belly. Interestingly, the chinese black vinegarrete and hoisin bbq sauce gave the salty and sweet flavor of the mini sandwich.As a dessert, and to send us off in a proper manner, we ordered the malasadas. To me, the Portuguese fried donut balls were out of place. To go along with the Asian style burgers, they should have an Asian style dessert. To me, the fried donut balls were a bit stale and not "melt in your mouth" enough. With the help of the delicious coffee gelato though, the dessert was passable. I wouldn't have minded if it were just the coffee gelato by itself.Bachi Burger is a Las Vegas pit stop for sure. Next time, I will have to give the decadent Shogun Burger a try. That one has foie gras and is $25. Though not on the strip, it is a perfect spot to eat for lunch on the way in or on the way out of Las Vegas. Even if you want to kind of step away from the busy strip, it's not far of a drive to go to Bachi Burger. The inside has all tables and no booths. You just find a seat, grab a beer, maybe a nice sake to compliment your burger, and have an awesome meal.For those who are in Los Angeles, well, Bachi Burger is coming! It will be in West LA, on Sawtelle. Not quite sure when it will open, but I will keep an eye out for you.
5	AMAZING BURGERS! I love the bun the use soft and fluffy. I made sure to come just when they opened, so there was no wait time. Although when i finished and left, there was a huge crowd outside waiting to be seated.Miyagi-san Burger; Amazing burger! perfect combination of Chili Mayo, Fried Egg, Furikake, Caramelized Bacon, and Crispy Onion Rings. Has a unique Japanese taste. Reminds me of eating specialty rolls at sushi places.Kiki's Burger: Perfect combination of mushroom that gives the burger a unique taste. Hard to decide whether i like this more or the Miyagi burger. I would say if you want something less guilty... get this one! It was great, but not too heavy.Truffle Parmesan Fries - Unique taste I would get this again. Prefer this over the Oxtail Chili cheese friesOxtail Chili Cheese Fries- Pretty interesting to try once, but i would skip this and try an extra burger next time!
4	I'm only giving this place 4 stars because their burgers are expensive, but I guess that's what you pay for quality burgers.  Their oxtail chilli cheese fries are to die for!  They have a great selection of fries too.  Very unique burger joint.
3	I can definitely see why people are fans of this place. However, I'm not in that boat.Let's start with the wait. We came at a time where it should have been well after lunch time rush but there was still a 20 minute wait. If I'm driving into the middle of nowhere, the food better be damn good!We ordered the Mr. Ho's burger and the oxtail chili cheese fries. The Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries: While it was interesting and enjoyable, it's not something I personally would crave. Was it tasty? Yeah I suppose... but the fries itself isn't specially made extra good. While eating it, I couldn't help but compare them to McDonald's fries. They were 11-12 dollars. The Mr. Ho's Burger: I definitely had better burgers! The bun was taro flavored, or so its said, and therefore it's purple. Unfortunately, you're not able to taste any subtleties because the sauce was so overpowering. We split this burger and I'm raised with the voice of my parents saying there are starving children in Africa if a grain of rice is left on my plate, even till today, but I simply couldn't finish this half of my burger because of how strong and over-applied the sauce was. And this was only half a burger. This was also about 12 dollars. Perhaps the rest of the menu items are sublime, that's a possibility. But there was definitely a disconnect between the food I got and the raving reviews. It's hip and trendy and could very well be a spot in the middle of West Hollywood or Downtown LA, but I'm very sorry to say it felt like this place was more hype than substance. I know I'm definitely in the minority on this.Overall: Like the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, don't regret getting it but I wouldn't do it again.
3	Pretentious.Kinda sums up my experience there. We just happened upon Bachi burgers driving down Windmill Lane.  The staff was friendly, but gave off this arrogant vibe "your lucky to be here".  Beer, btw, is $7 per small glass. So 2 beers, for 2 people, will set you back $28 !!! They feel special and don't mind raping customer wallets. The burgers were good - but not $30 good for two burgers.  Next time, we will just hit Smash Burgers.
4	A coworker recommended this place & I had to try it. I had the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, which were interesting. It's not too salty, it had a sweetness to it which was different but not bad at all. It can get pretty packed fast, so keep that in mind. Service was friendly, I would def recommend it to people!
5	If you want delicious burgers that are a bit out of the ordinary, this is the place to visit, and expect a wait.  The oxtail fries were outstanding and my adult son raved about the shakes.  I had a Ronin burger, added bacon and jalapenos, it was very tasty.  Everyone enjoyed the meal, and the service was good (not great).  The only issue was the one stall restroom, it was disgusting.
5	If you go, you must try the oxtail chili cheese fries. The appetizer is more than enough to substitute for an entree and it is absolutely amazing.
2	Service was so slow last night.  The table next to us turned over three times while there.  Only ordered appetizers, burgers and cocktails.  The bartender had to come over to replenish mixed drinks so they could re use the glass, really you don't have enough glasses for a new one.  Plates sat on table after appetizers for awhile, had to stack them so they would get the hint!  Burgers were good, fries and appetizers were good.  Food good, Service was marginal at best.  If service was good might go back however, will wait awhile hopefully staff will turn over!
5	first time there  really good food and service    This location is smaller than the summerlin location, but service fast and friendly.   I would definetly recommend it to others.   Matter of fact, might go there for my birthday celebration this month.
5	There are not enough words to describe my love for bachi burger. Undoubtedly, the best burger(s) I have ever had! Everything is grade A; from the staff, to the atmosphere; above all, the food. It's kindof a Japanese fusion resteraunt, primarily specializing in burgers (obviously). Their menu is extensive to say the least. Anything, from a vegetarian burger (red bean patty & Japanese eggplant), to oxtail chili cheese fries can be found on the menu. And EVERYTHING is delicious & you can taste the quality. If you haven't been to bachi, drop everything and GO. You will be hooked.
5	Love In n Out? Forget about it, this place will blow your mind! I've never travelled off the strip for a meal. Boy, I was missing out on the best burgers of mah life! I saw stars and angels while I chomped away, while my taste buds screamed out, "Hallejuah! Asian! Burgers! Genius!"I got to try the miyagi and the kiki burgers and both were divine-okay the miyagi was better because I asked for wagyu beef for my kiki burger and it came out bunless. Not sure if that happens when you substitute the meat or by chance I accidently agreed to no buns?Bachi Burger, you just made Vegas a whole lot funner for me. Can't wait to come back and try each and every delectable-sounding burger.
4	I went with a friend on a Saturday night, so it was packed! We had a 25 wait time outside in the heat standing, but even so this place is amazing! The quality of the food was well worth the wait! I had the Kiki's Burger and I have got to say it was one of the best burgers of my life, if not the best!!!
3	Went here for lunch thinking maybe we try a new burger spot instead of burger bar. Arrived just after opening at 11am. Plenty of seating since we were so early. Promptly sat down and ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries and the black and green burger. The chili fries were large, flavor slightly on the sweet side. It would have been a good hangover meal.  The burger was cooked perfectly to a medium rare. My only complaint was that there was something clawingly sweet in the burger that I couldn't pick out. Overall the food seemed to have a sweetness to it that was a little too much for me, maybe not for some. I would say 3.5 stars but I can't give it that on yelp.
4	Bahn mi burger was a nice surprise. The bun was fluffy and soft with pate. Shrimp with the burger and a slice of grilled pork. I didn't care much for the dipping sauce and thought it didn't need it. I ordered the fried rice for my youngest. He liked it but thought it wAs a little spicy. I ordered the pork rice ball. He enjoyed that a lot. My husband ordered the MiYagi with fried onion rings, egg, garlic aioli served on a soft bun. He thought that it was great. My older son ordered the tonkatsu ramen and he slurped that right up. We ended our night with the chocolate cake and caramel salt milk shake. Both were ok. I thought that the cake would ooze out a bit but no luck. I los ordered the plantation ice tea and had them add boba. Got my boba fix after all. I would recommend you give this a try.
4	If you want to eat off the strip, try to stop by this place. This place is pretty good, but not somewhere I have to go when I go to Vegas. This places does get pack during the weekend, but the wait usually isn't that long. I only got the Oxtail chili cheese fries since I was not hungry at the time. I tasted some of my friends orders and it was pretty good. I can't say much about this place since I didn't get to really try the food as much as I wanted to, but I will update my review it once I head back to Vegas.
5	My friends and I just left this place and can I just say.....SO GOOD! I had the No Meat burger and the Just fries. They were very tasty. They shared the Ox tail fries and they said that they were very delicious and the meat was very tender. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family. It is a bit of a wait but for sure worth it.
5	Onolicious!  We indulged!  All the reviews mentioned are absolutely correct.  Now if they'd open up in Southern California. :-)Your mouth sinks into the Oxtail Chili Cheese fries and a Kiki Burger and as my husband described it was "mouth watering orgasmic".Great food altogether and look forward to trying other items on their menu.
4	Recently went here and was amazed at how wonderful this place is. I was seated immediately and brought water as drink order was taken. I ordered an appetizer of the Chili Garlic edamame. This was Salty, with just enough heat to give you a thirst for a nice cold beer. They have several great beers on tap. Fortunately the y had a beer on tap that I recently had at Hakassan. Hitachino Nest Beer White Ale. I then Had the Rhonin Burger. Angus Beef  Caramelized Onions  Japanese Cole Slaw  Miso Goma Dressing  Fried Egg Katsu BBQ  Yuzu Citrus Aioli. I added aged Cheddar for an added bite. Cooked a perfect medium rare as I like it. You need to cut in half to start the egg just oozes down the burger making your taste buds yearn for that perfect bite. It was a perfect bite. I will with out a doubt eat  here again.The service was excellent and attentive, and you know how I feel about that. Prices are moderate.I will say this joint is jumping at lunch time and the staff handled it well. Good place for group lunches. If you get a chance go check this out if you have not. You will not be disappointed.
5	My fave burger spot. Ronin and Fois Gras are amazing. The bao and oxtail chiili fries are good. Gotta go back for more later on. Fried egg on everything fyi.
5	[No Bachi for coming here]T-Shirt wearing tenders are all you need to understand what the scene is in here. It's burgers - and no need to explain the "Bachi" part - only that my thought is its in mixing the 2 cultures ingredients that someone may receive negative results - well by the attendance, and the amount of conversation in the air, it seems like its the reverse psychological side.As a burger lover, you wont find cheddar, definitely not American, and hardley a sign there is a simple beef and cheese combo to be had (although you have the option of constructing your own), but you didnt come here for that anyway. I ordered the Black and Green - this is about the closest youll find to anything not too fusion-i. Their take on Wagyu Kobe Beef, naturally grass fed - open range assumed, but not Wagyu American or Japanese as stated on the front, grilled to your temp, Blue cheese crumbles, spinach, and bacon. There were some other things in there but it wasnt noticeable to note.Burger is substantial, and to remind you this is Vegas casual, but still upscale, they give you a knife that will not only split your burger, but would probably cut through that ceramic dish they serve it on. I opted for the hands on approach, as I do. Burger is very well done (not the cooking temp, by the way of the flag atop my bun) smooth meat to cut, the quarter pound of weight measure, and was preformed, likely in a cylindrical press as I felt the tight packing, but the slightly flakey outter edge - not to be confused with a frozen pre form that is like eating a freshly sliced sausage.All the other ingredients really melted into the background. What you actually find is that you can smell this beef, an aromatic experience I've found is reserved for the CAB versions - this is probably a hint you maybe in Kansas of experiences, where the beef is free, and the taste is pretty awesome.
5	Good lord was the 45 min wait worth it! I ordered the Miyagi burger and our table shared the oxtail chili cheese fries. Both were out of this world yummy! Servers were nice and helpful with the menu, too. Can't wait to go back to Vegas and try the Shogun burger, which has foie gras. *drools
5	Burgers refined & redefined! Amazing selection of gourmet burgers, which makes it hard to decide, but no matter the choice is sure to please. Our group of 4 (3 adults and 1 child) ordered the Bahn Mi, Miyagi-san, Spicy Miso and a children's cheeseburger. All three gourmet burgers were standouts and the children's burger was a hit too.The Bahn Mi was our favorite. The depth and range of flavors are indescribably delectable deliciousness.Only critique, the Parmesan truffle fries are quite unappetizing to look at. Taste is, okay. The appearance of runny brown sauce on top was unexpected. If it were described as a gravy sauce on the menu it would have been less of a shock. Not what we imagined Parmesan cheese fries to look like. A positive, the dipping sauce that accompanies the fries is 100% tasty. Scrape off the brown slime and dip away.The servers are on their mark. Great knowledge of the products, good descriptions and attentive. Waiter forgot my iced coffee, but was easily forgiven since after the very satisfying meal it was time for a bit of eat and sleep.Aloha!
3	PROS:1. Burgers are big and juicy (although a bit overpriced.)2. Onion rings crispy and big3. Black Milk Tea boba ...delish!!4. Kimchi burger is the BOMB!5. Staff were niceCONS:1.  My Kiki burger tasted exactly like the Ronin burger and that means they were just ok.  Had a weird sweetness to it but both got better 1/2 way thru.2.  Ordered Oxtail Chili fries which were forgotten and then brought out long after we had finished our burgers.  And these we just - meh.3.  Bar counter and tables were wiped down with mildew-smelling rag.4.  Only 2 individual bathrooms, so line is long.  5.  Beer was overpriced.  I'd go back to try a different burger  or maybe just stick with the kimchi burger!!
5	Honestly, Bachi Burger is one of the best gourmet burger joints in Las Vegas. If you expect to have a plain burger with your average toppings for just $2, then go to McDonalds. Otherwise, if you want a next-level, out of this world burger and don't mind forking out $13 just for a single burger, then Bachi Burger is your place.The employees at Bachi Burger make sure that all of the ingredients are of the highest qualities. Like I said, do not come to Bachi Burger expecting a McDonalds burger. Their burgers are HUGE. The patty itself is thicker than the dining tables. The bun is even thicker, yet it also doesn't overpower the party at the same time. Regardless of whatever burger you get (I got the Miyagi-san burger), it's going to be rich, juicy, and full of flavors.Don't even get me STARTED on the fries. No matter what kind of fries you get, they cook the fries to absolute crispy perfection. Their oxtail chili cheese fries, especially, is the best fries I've ever had. Oxtail meat, chili, aioli sauce, and French fries all on one plate with a fried egg on top? The combination itself sounds really weird at first, but it is so delicious and fitting that you'll wonder how no one has thought of it before. Even their fry sauce is amazing and nothing like you've ever tasted. Bachi Burger may be famous for their burgers, but their fries actually won me over.Overall, I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone and everyone! I wish I could be a regular customer. However, I will definitely be back another day.
4	Went here yesterday because it was near the south point casino. Saw it on DDD and was excited to try. My group had the spicy edamame, oxtail fries, Miyagi san's Grass Fed Wagyu Burger, the Bahn Mi Burger, and the Kiki's Burger. Edamame was addicting. I call them Japanese french fries. Miyagi burger was the most familiar thing I had tasted with the fried egg and onions on the burger.The Bahn Mi burger was good with the strong taste of the pate being my only dislike.The Kikl's Burger was tasty but the sauce was a little sweet for my taste.The Oxtail fries were really good. theres something about a fried egg broken all over fries that just makes everything come together.Overall it was a good experience. Would like to go back and try the pork buns and the spicy miso burger. Will return soon.
4	BEST BURGERS EVER!!!!I am drooling just thinking about it.Ordered the ox-tail fries and kiki burger and both were really amazing!Fries portion was seriously enough for 3 people and burger was well portioned too! The sweet perfectly baked bun and Asian fusion flavors of the burger really were really spectacular and my taste buds were going crazy, YUM YUM YUM! The sauteed mushrooms and carmelized bacon marmalade were a perfect touch!Service could definitely use some work as the servers weren't that attentive or seemed happy at all. But the food was amazing enough to let me look pass that!Once the LA location in California opens up I'll definitely be visiting!
4	best gourmet burger in town.. Crews are awesome..  nice place and always clean.. food always delicious. I am totally recommended this place to anyone.. they always have good service to us everytime we go there.
5	HOLY COW. I have no idea where the bad reviews are coming from because bachi burger is the best burger I've ever had. It was Sunday afternoon and I was starting to regret waiting this long for a burger. My family and I waited for 45 minutes, but the moment I took a bite out of the miyagi-san burger, the pain my feet endured was history. The burger had several layers of textures to it. From the soft bun to the crispy onion rings, to the juicy burger, to the tart yet sweet sauce and finally down to the oozing goodness of the over easy egg--I am drooling as I describe this. Other than the burger, you must get the onion rings! In general, onion rings are tasty in almost any restaurant, but these are even tastier. The rings are battered lightly, and they're really crispy! As for customer service, Kelly the waitress was extremely helpful and kind to us. Our glasses were always full and she made sure we had everything we need. MAYBE the hostess had a little attitude, but it is totally understandable when people kept checking if their table was ready when she specifically said the wait would be 45 minutes. People need to either wait patiently or go to the Subways down the street.
4	Delicious!  The Miyagi-sans Grass-Fed Wagyu Burger was amazing!  Really loved the fresh sweet bun that all the burgers are served on and loved the huge portions of perfectly cooked fries!  I'll definitely be back!
5	Bachi Burger is, by far, the best burger joint that I've ever been to. The Kiki burger is the best burger I've ever had, hands down. Just amazing. My friends tried their other burgers, such as The Miyagi burger, or The Ronin burger, and they were equally delighted by the deliciousness of it all.We also ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries and the truffle fries, those were really good as well.No complaints on service, it was excellent, everyone was polite and helpful. Our waiter was a really cool dude.If you're in Vegas, you've got to go check this place out, it's a must. There is a little wait time, due to the popularity of the restaurant, but it is well worth the wait. BEST BURGER EVER.
5	One of the best burger restaurants ever! I couldn't finish the burger but it was soooo good! The truffle fries and oxtail fries were sooooo good! Our server Dan was the best!!! A must try!
5	Best lonely bird burger!  ... It's a lot to say if a non beef or pork eater loves this place.  Great beer selection.  Good service.
5	This place is amazing! Good service, good food and good atmosphere. I  ordered the bun mi burger and it did not disappoint. It was bursting with flavor. Every bite was delicious. Also had the chili cheese ox tail fries and they were just as delicious. I highly recommend trying this place.
5	A very special burger! !!  Maybe not for all occasions or cravings. I love it!  However the bun is too soft and too sweet to make the Burger totally awesome...
1	Rude. Unaccommodating. Mean. Horrible customer service due to the bald server wearing the blue flannel shirt. He needs to learn to refine his language to be less abrasive. Waited 40 minutes to be seated because we had six instead of five people and was told (very rudely)  that we would need to wait again. This isn't a rating on their food though. Wanted to try it but refuse to because of that guy. Horrible.
5	The coffee mint spiked shake is delicious. Had some of the usual favorites, oxtail chili fries and onion rings. Also tried the Bachi house salad for the first time and the vinaigrette dressing is so good and light.
4	Thanks mucho to Careline V. an awesome friend and amazing Yelpie for recommending I try Bachi while I'm in LV. Place was packed although my friend and I were able to be seated straight away. Nice comfortable atmosphere with one TV. Place is clean and to my eyes looks pretty new. Somewhat hidden in an unassuming strip mall. Food is anything but. The flavors in the burger I had which was the Kiki smack you right in the face. So juicy and tender. Bun is very soft and warm. Although a good size did not feel stuffed or sluggish after I was done. Ordered a side of fries. Although I wanted to try the Ox tail which Jennifer C. mentioned to me. Next time ;-) To drink I got the Burton Baton by my favorite Brewery Dogfish Head. Service was excellent! A must stop off the Vegas strip!
5	In my opinion the best place in town to have a burger, however it's very busy so if you want to go I recommend you make a reservation.
3	Mediocre at best.  Have been looking forward to come here for a long time and I'm glad I did, because I won't be back.  The oxtail fries were great (hence why they got 3 stars) but the burgers were blah.  The meat was flavorless and is only complimented by the several different ingredients added to the burger.  The pork belly was pretty good but again mediocre because I can get this at Chinatown and it's just as good.  I really wish this place was as good as everyone says, but sorry, it's just not.
3	First off, Taylor, our waiter was very kind and accommodating. The food was very savory, full of flavor and absolutely delicious. The food took a while to come (almost an hour). We ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries, tantanmen ramen, spicy miso ramen and spicy miso burger. There was a mix up in the ramen orders and the waitresses that brought them out were very rude about it. I'm all about service and I was pretty shocked to get an attitude from them, especially when the mistake was on their end. No apology or anything. The food was so delicious though that we just brushed it off. You must order the chili cheese fries. It was sweet and savory. I wish there was more oxtail on it though. I had the spicy miso ramen. The broth was very rich and flavorful. It can get quite pricey with the add ons. It comes with chasu pork. The meat literally melts in your mouth. I had my fair share of ramen around Orange County and their pork beats them all. The noodles were cooked to perfection. It had the right amount of chewiness. Overall the food was great. I would definitely come back the next time I am in town but I hope for better service.
3	The second visit to Bachi Burger was not as good as the first visit. Not bad. Just not as great as we initially thought. ...I'm not a fan of their ketchup. ...Wifey said her chicken/turkey burger was good but not great.
4	I've been here a few times.  Great Burgers. They've got a lot of good items on their menu. Whenever I'm in Vegas I always stop here. Friendly staff
4	Service was great! Food was delicious. We ad the Ronin burgers and oxtail chili cheese fries. I had the Miyagi burger its  delicious and has this dressing on it.
5	Setting of the restaurant was pretty average but their food tho #onpointOx tail chili cheese fries is a MUST try, meat is very tender and the cheese they use was a very soft tasting cheese and use thin slices of fresh jalapenos.  If you like spicy I would ask for extra jalapenos!Also got the Banh mi burger, there is a dip that comes with the burger.  USE IT!! Not sure what that sauce was but looked kind of like fish sauce.I will def be going back to try their pork belly/lamb steamed buns.This place needs to expand either in LA, OC, or SD!!!!!!
5	Stopped here while we were driving through Vegas and wow! These burgers were incredible. Easily the best burgers I have ever had. Everything we ordered was delicious. I had the Kiki burger which was fantastic. My boyfriend got the Black and Green burger (wagyu beef, spinach, blue cheese, bacon)--also delicious. We also ordered the Parmesan Truffle Fries and the brussel sprouts---once again, amazing! The fries has a delicious cremini cream sauce drizzled over them and a great aioli for dipping. If you're a burger person, you can't skip this place! Definitely a different burger experience than the norm.
5	By far the best burger ive EVER tasted. Everytime im in town in vegas, this is usually my first stop for lunch. Absolutely delicious. Every burger just has so many bursting flavors from the patty to whats with the burger to their sweet bun. I usually order the crabby patty, but its not in season. Sooo I ordered the kiki burger (angus beef, with eryngii mushrooms and caramelized bacon) with a side of truffle fries which is just as delicious. But what took me by surprise was the Mr. HO burger which I really need to order next time. Its the burger with a taro bun, I had a bite from my cousins and wow, amazing. I genuinely love this place. A family own restaurant and great service. Came here when it just opened and ive been raving about this place so im extremely late on my review. Anyways, excited to have bachi burger open in LA, just hoping its just as good as the original.
5	This is my second time coming to Bachi Burger. The Truffle french fries is a must for any newcomers. I get the Angus burger and add the blue cheese, yummy.
5	Oxtail fries. Just shut up and order them. Don't question it, just get them. Your meal and your overall quality of life will be better once you eat them.Anyway, I love this place. It's right down the street from my house and definitely holds a special place in all of our hearts. My first time going there I got the Ronin burger, which I definitely recommend. It's delicious. It's salty, sweet, crunchy, soft, juicy, tangy, refreshing, gooey, and messy. It's everything you want in a burger. Seriously, Bachi burger is great. It's got a cool vibe inside, they have a good beer selection and a great menu of delicious, un-pretentious food. Just go there.
2	The burgers here are probably the best burgers I have ever had, very flavorful with a creative presentation; but they take forever getting the food out along with terrible service. We were on the waiting list for 10 minutes being told that there are no tables or bar seats available, but a couple comes in after us and they quickly seat them at a bar. I of course complained and they really didn't do anything special which was upsetting of course. When we finally get a table and order, we waited for 20 minutes for the food to arrive. If they had better service, I'd give them 5 stars because their burgers are beyond wonderful; but I unfortunately can't because of the terrible experience I had.
1	Went last night. Keep in mind I've been here dozens of times.  Our server didn't give a hoot about our table of five. We ordered the pickles and they were slimy. Asked very nicely if we could sub them and the manager was like "hi! Um.....nooooo". You lost a customer thanks to that smirky jerky "manager".
5	Went here for the first time a few months back. I had never heard of it and had no expectations other than some of my friend saying it was a really good burger place. Went with a group of about 15 so we had to wait about 20-25 minutes which was fine considering our group took a little while to filter in. Everyone on yelp and in person raved about the oxtail chili cheese fries. So we got a couple orders to share amongst the group. All I had to say was... OMG!! The chili was flavorful. The fries were my perfectly fried in my opinion: nice and crispy on the outside with the right amount of creamy potato goodness on the inside. The oxtail moist and delicious. Per the server's suggestion, I ordered the Miyagi-San for my burger. When it came, it looked good. It was a pretty hefty burger. But, nothing will compare to that first bite. I died. It felt like the perfect fusion of a burger and Asian flavors. Perfectly cooked to my medium-rare order. Juicy. Savory. Simply amazing. A lot of people compare it to Umami Burger over here in CA. In my opinion, I liked Bachi better. But I hear it's a pretty close race and all a matter of preference (much like the in-n-out / shake shack debate). Fast forward to this past weekend...I took a group of friends who had never been here before. I told them it was definitely worth the price (~$10-$26 for a burger). We got a few appetizers because it was our only meal that day. Ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries, truffle Parmesan fries, and pork belly buns. While all delicious, the pork belly buns were definitely the hit! The pork belly was so moist and melted in your mouth. For some, these were the highlight of the whole meal!For our burgers, a lot of my friends ordered the Miyagi-San per my suggestion and they loved it! The few that ordered something different (myself included; spicy miso, kalbi, and banh mi burgers) still thought they were good, but not to the same degree as the Miyagi-San. Would definitely recommend this to everyone whenever they're in Vegas! And I hope the one in LA is completed soon so I can treat my stomach to this amazingness more often!
4	Awesome food and service. We had pork belly buns, oxtail chile fries, shogun and spicy miso burgers. All are must have!
4	First thing I ate after landing in Vegas.  Totally worth the 8 hour trip from the East Coast.  We got here around 9pm on a Wednesday and there was no wait.  I had the Ronin Burger.  Japanese cole slaw, caramelized onions, and a fried egg on a burger.  I think I destroyed the burger within a few minutes and it was a decent size.  Every burger shop should add fried eggs on their burgers.  It was sweet and refreshing.  Maybe a little too sweet for my liking, but overall a good burger.  My buddy had the Miyagi-san burger.  With the onion rings, the burger looked massive.  The furikake (seasoning) went very well with the burger.  I had a bite of the burger and the taste still lingered as we walked back to our car.  Next time I'm getting this burger.   As a pork bun enthusiast, I naturally had to order them.  I like Bachi Burger's version of the steam pork bun.  The bun was not soft and fluffy but the pork, egg, and herbs totally blew my mind.  Like I said earlier, eggs should be added be everything.I'm very glad I went here after my flight.  Totally worth the food coma while driving 3 hours to Zion National Park.
4	This place hits the spot. It is not good as Umami burger, in my opinion, but the Ronin burger was amazing. I cleared the plate within minutes. I did not like the truffle fries as much as I had hoped to. However, the service was awesome and fast. We came in during lunch time and got a table right away. But, there are always lines, so beware!
5	I have been here around 4 times in the last 3 years. The service use to be really slow but now the service timeliness is very reasonable. Apparently they completed some renovations eight months ago and that probably helped the restaurant become more efficient.My go to burger is the ronin burger, can't go wrong with that burger. I should probably try other items but why fix something that isn't broken? Also truffle fries are awesome! The staff here are very friendly and try to strike up conversations with the customers, that's always pleasant.All in all, I will come here again. Especially because tourists seem to love it. My cousin Jackie for instance, she claims its the best burger joint ever!.
5	I love the food here. The oxtail fries is a must and the $26 Shogun Burger was worth every bite!
4	The food at Bachi Burger is once again the star of the show!  The taste, temperature, and presentation were PERFECT once again!  The Myagi is my favorite burger!  Fries were perfect, loved the pineapple ketchup, and a peanut butter and chocolate milkshake!   The gentlemen at the counter, I assume the manager, GETS IT!  Our waitress, eh The wobbly table, eh.  Otherwise I would have given Bachi Burger 5 stars.  It's worth the wait!  Always!  The burgers and fries are worth every penny!  There were 6 of us!  We will be back.
5	Best burgers I've ever had!  Love the truffle fries, the pork belly bun, And the drinks are yummy, Katsushiro is my favorite drink!  We eat there about 2-3 times a month.
5	Bachi Burger is a burger place with an asian fusion theme. I've been here once and the Summerlin location once. Ive tried 2 of their burgers: Miyagi-san Burger and the Banh Mi Burger. The Miyagi-san Burger was pretty good..wagyu beef, chili mayo, caramelized bacon, fried onion rings, fried egg, and furikake seasoning if i remember correctly. The crispy onion rings, gooey egg, and saltiness of the bacon matched really well. When I finished the burger, I thought I had like a "loco moco" version of a burger with onion rings (minus the gravy). The Banh Mi burger knocked it out of the park..shrimp and pork patty with nuoc mam (i think thats how its spelled?) sauce and pickled veges. This was probably the BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD. It got better with every bite. As I was eating it, I was intrigued that i was eating a burger but the flavors REALLY DID remind me of the banh mi sandwich (which makes u think of the french bread cut lengthwise and eating it hot dog style). The resto is also know for their oxtail fries which i will try on my next visit. The resto has a nice, cozy feel with some tvs. The staff were attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. The only thing I would have to say negative is the boba drinks are a little too pricey.Overall, Bachi Burger is the best burger place I've been to since moving to Vegas.
5	I might have had a better burger, but I don't remember when.  Best burger in Las Vegas!
5	This May be my shortest review ever, but these may be some of the best burgers I have ever had. I want to go back to Vegas just to get some more burgers. drool.....
4	look at all the pics. nuff said!
4	Venue:  Bachi BurgerDecor: Cafe style....not a lot of lighting, bar areaService: Seemed well from what I sawEnvironment: Busy, Busy, Busy...very popularFood: A little of variety but mainly Asian style Burgers Prices:  You pay for what you get Debbie Downers:  Long wait if you go during busy hours but that's the downer of good food Conclusion: I had the black & blue burger.  That was absolutely delicious.  Very fresh.  Grass fed.  Flavorful.  The bun was tremendous.  Received a lot of recommendations from different people to try this place out.  Made my way there.  Called ahead of time and boy I was not disappointed.  Also the appetizer with the Chili Fried Chicken is something off the chain.  That sauce was amazing on that sucka........Next time I go there, i will have to try this oxtail chili cheese fries.  If you reside in the Vegas area and have not tried this place out, you really are doing yourself a disservice!  If it was located in my city (ATL),  it would be top 5....easily! Overall: B+ / A-
5	Like many people, I saw this place on Triple D and while I was in Vegas decided to check it out. It delivered. I had my hopes low because some of the spots of DDD that I've been to have not been great, while others have. I had the Shogun burger, which had foie gras and poached pear. For $27, that burger better have been great and it was. Vastly different flavor profile than any burger you've probably ever had. The flavor is so potent too that the flavor was still in my mouth even after I ate breakfast the next morning. Sweet potato fries and garlic fries were definitely great. I don't normally like fries but if they are dressed well and come with really good dipping sauces then I like them. That was the case here. Service was also on point. It reminded me of spots in NYC because the crowd and waiters are kind of hipster, which was cool with me. Definitely different than the strip. It looks like a place that was created and run by young people, but people who still know how to handle a business. I would recommend this place and be back when I'm in Vegas probably for the Shogun burger but I might try something else.
3	Well... this didn't start off on quite the right foot. We arrived at 10p on a Saturday night. Upon walking in, we noticed that there was plenty of seating around, so we didn't expect to wait- and we didn't. However, the host sat us at the first table, right by the door, crammed against the wall with a view of the host stand. Um...So, we asked if we could be moved. We were, to the back of the restaurant. Only slightly better. This wasn't going well... The whole seating situation there is a bit of a CF, though, all of the "booth" dining is WAY too close together, which we found out when a group of rather large individuals were crammed right next to us (and as a reminder, there were plenty of tables available).Okay... lets move past that. The service overall was fine enough, although we ended up having two servers because one took his break while we were dining. The food.... Not bad. The truffle parmesean fries were delicious! I ordered the "Kiki's" burger and was overall pleased with it, it had a lot of flavor, was juicy, and I loved the bread, but the sweet onion marmalade overwhelmed the burger. I could barely taste the mushrooms, and couldn't taste the egg or cheese at all.So, all in all, it was pretty close to a 2 star review, but I'm feeling a bit generous. I don't think it is worth a revisit, though.
5	OMG!!! When is the LA/Sawtelle location going to open!?!?!?!?! I can't just conveniently drive to Las Vegas whenever I'm craving The Miyagi every week. You guys are my top 3 for burgers. For Asian foodies or foodies that like Asian food and/or burgers, then Bachi is a must try!! The hype doesn't die down here. Everything is good, every burger is a different flavor profile, and you can even create your own burger!The Miyagi is my favorite. I love fried egg anything, furikake has amazing sweet & salty flavors, and the crunchy texture from the onion rings makes it a winner every single time! Plus the wagyu beef patty. ooooooooooomahgaaaaaaaawd!!!! drooling & FEIGNING FOR IT RIGHT NOW! Paired with truffle fries, or ox tail fries, or plain fries...perfectly crispy every time. I'm hungry.
5	Had the shogun which is the most expensive burger but it was well worth it. Actually cheaper to have this stuff in a burger than by itself. Seared foie grasUnagiWaghu beefAsian pearIt's a rich taste with every bite. See you next month and everytime we come to vegas.
1	Poor customer service... Parking at this location is atrocious.  Please be aware that this place is horrible for groups. I'm done with Bachi burger and the  poor customer service and food
4	Saw them on Food Networks Diners, Drive-ins & Dives.  There was a bit of a wait which can be considered a good sign.   The food did not disappoint!  Very good flavor on everything we ordered.    Will come back when I return to Vegas.    I would have rated 5 Stars if the hostess was friendly.  She didnt smile at all and didnt offer a menu to look at while we waited for our table.
5	Fantastic burgers made with many ingredients you don't usually find in a burger. I got the Shogun burger made with Wagyu beef, unagi, and foie gras. It was fabulous-best burger I've ever had. It was pricey at $26, but the ingredients were one of a kind.Pair this with the oxtail chili cheese fries and you are set! Foodies should give this place a try. It isn't near the strip, but definitely worth the drive. I went on the way to the airport.
5	This is my favorite burger restaurant. I live in LA but every time I go to Vegas (which is quite often) I have to grab a burger here before coming home. My favorite is the Miyagi-San but I can't say I've had an underwhelming burger here. All the flavors with each burger work well together. I can't wait for the LA location to open so I don't have to drive 300 miles to get a good burger ;)
5	So good!! Me and a group of friends ordered the truffle fries (had gravy on top), ramen bowls and burgers. I ordered the tonkatsu ramen ($10) and the broth was so tastey I didn't even want to add any seasoning. The ramen was really soft and fresh. Loved that the yolk in the egg was still oozing showed the freshness of the egg as well. Two pieces of pork in the soul and it was good but it was all fat.Also ordered a burger ($15) (forgot the name) but it had onion rings and a sunny side egg in it an it was delicious! The patty is so soft and full of flavor.The waitress forgot our oxtail fries but that's okay because we were stuffed. Giant burgers can definitely share between two people with an appetizer. They don't skimp on the ramen bowl either!Good portion, good price, tastey food!
5	First time visiting this place and I am greatly impressed. The servers were very nice and prompt, the wait wasn't too bad but it would be great if they could fit in more chairs or put benches outside.Now the food. Every single thing we tried was delicious. We started with the chili chicken appetizer and it was crispy and sweet while the chicken remained so juicy. Combined with the sauce that accompanies it, it tastes almost like eating hot wings. I ordered the Miyagi-San burger which was insanely good. The fresh buns are the softest I have ever held and my burger was cooked just how I wanted it. The fries are crispy and addictive and all the dipping sauces pack a flavor punch. Lastly, order a cocktail because they are all so delicious and make the experience.
5	One of the BEST burger joints I've been to! Shoutout to Guy Fieri and Triple D for the recommendation! Service was really good and our waiter was really helpful. I already knew what to order coming to this restaurant after seeing their episode on the Food Network, but our waiter told us his recommendations. Ordered the bahn mi burger, truffle fries, and red velvet milkshake. It didn't take that long for the food to comeout and once it did everything looked absolutely delicious. The presentation of each dish was on point and very creative. The burger was super good! It had the whole bahn mi aspect to it with the flavors/ingredients and the burger was really juicy.  The truffle fries were piping hot, crispy, and the truffle sauce took the fries to another level. Lastly, the red velvet milkshake was the BOMB and it was literally a red velvet cake in a milkshake form.I highly recommend this place whenever you're in Vegas and a heads up, they have two locations out there. They're opening one in the West Los Angeles area and I certainly can't wait for that!
5	I've gone here many times and every time I go here my experience is always great. When it comes down to being greeted, seated, and ever served. I always have a pleasant time. The environment vibe is classy and also modern. When it comes to the food they have a great presentation when served and plus it's delicious. I ordered a medium rare Ronin Burger and it was made just right.I would recommend this Restuarant if you want a well, unique and one of a kind type of burger here in Las Vegas.
5	I guess since I'm the Duke of Bachi Burger (as of 9/11/2014) I should relinquish my duties as Duke, whatever those might be, to finally write a review of this place.   It took 60+ visits for me to come on here and officially proclaim: Bachi Burger is the best burger joint in town.I read all of the 3 star and below reviews and I feel sad for those reviewers.  Not because they don't have good taste, but because they clearly haven't experienced the Bachi that I've come to know and love over the years since it opened.  I will say that even though I am blessing it with 5 stars, I've definitely had moments where I questioned that rating, be it from visits where I experienced awful service, undercooked burgers, or the terrible, terrible practice of their writing down my credit card info every time I make a take-out order.  All of those are forgiven though for me due to the 85% of the time when everything is flawless.I've had almost everything on the menu.  My absolute favorite order is the Black and Green burger.  When they nail it, they absolutely nail it.   The Wagyu beef, bacon, blue cheese, spinach and mushrooms all form together like Voltron to make one of the best burgers I've ever had.  But there are 70 other reviews where you can read about that.   I also really like the Lonely Bird when I'm not feeling like red meat, which isn't too often.   Miyagi San, Banh-Mi, Ronin, all solid as well and belong in my rotation.   One thing I rarely see mentioned or see people take advantage of is the build your own burger feature.  I've actually had several times just a straight up Bachi Burger with a Wagyu patty which comes standard with Lettuce, Tomato and Onion and anything else you want, but it doesn't even need anything else.  It's nice to know that they're not just putting lipstick on a pig, or in this case, a cow, and that the meat can stand on its own.  I hinted earlier at undercooked burgers and I will say that in my experience Bachi tends to cook on the lower end of the spectrum.   Medium-Rare which is how I would normally like it has come out too rare for me and Medium often comes out the way I'd normally expect Medium-Rare.   So I stick with medium for the most part. For fries they do a decent sweet potato fry, and oddly enough I just don't get the hype over the oxtail chili cheese fries even though I've had them 5-6 times, once done over sweet potato fries which I think is a special order type thing.   Fries, oxtail meat, and egg sounds like my death row last meal, but each time I found them underwhelming and prefer to just go the Salt and Pepper Garlic french fry route.   The fries aren't at all what keeps me coming back here and I'd like to see them experiment more with different varieties, but it seems to be the same ones from the first day I went there and I'm guessing that won't change anytime soon.Drink-wise they do a mean sake sangria which I find irresistible, although pricey and they have Rogue Hazelnut ale, so I'm normally happy either way.   Service can be inconsistent, usually due to how it's ALWAYS BUSY, but there are several very solid individuals who work there at the moment and they treat the Duke with respect, as they should.
5	I cannot believe I didn't write a review of this place! My husband and I brought our son here with us on our Spring Break trip this year. I had read that they had a foie gras burger and since we are Californians and denied the joy of foie anymore, we had to come. Our picky eater son had the fries which he loved. My husband and I started with the chili fries with the oxtail. OMG. Like OMG. We both had the Shogun Burger. It was like angels sang and wept. THE BEST! The manager came by later and we told her how much we loved the burger. She said a lot of Californians come in and are enraptured by it. It's a hipster kinda place with Japanese influence but don't let that scare you off.
4	Bachi Burger has not disappointed other then the fact that we were seated a really hot room, I guess the air conditioner was not working in their newly added room. The service was great and everything we ordered was great. My girlfriends and I split 4 burgers in 4's so that we could each try a different burger. We shared 2 orders of Ox tail chili cheese fries and onion rings and everything was so good. If you are traveling from LA to Vegas I would make it a point to stop by Bachi Burger to eat here, it gets pricey when you taxi it over from the strip so its a must stop before arriving or before departing Vegas.
3	Alright place. Had the tonkotsu ramen and the ronin burger. Both were alright. Ramen broth was good at first but kind of too sweet. Burger was too marinated.
5	I've been here a few times now and Bachi has not yet disappointed.  If you wanna come for a premium burger that tastes even more awesome on an egg bun, do come and check out Bachi and try it out.  For me, it's been the Miyagi Wagyu burger for the win each time...but the last time we were there, one of the servers told us that the burger that all the staff has and swears by is the miso wagyu burger...he said to definitely try it the next time we come out there.And as an added bonus, they joined up with the ramen joint a few months ago and now serve both on their menus.  I come here for the burgers, but you know me and my love relationship with ramen; so of course I tried it out too...just the tonkatsu though.  The broth wasn't as tasty as I had expected, but the chasu was prob one of the best I've had...nice and fatty and super tender.  If you can split it amongst your group, I'd definitely go for it.The fries: sweet potato, truffle, oxtail, and regular, are all awesome, and DEFINITELY can feed more than one person, as we learned to our doom the first time we came in and each ordered fries.  The oxtail is quite heavy so you might wanna split the burger...but then again, this is vegas, INDULGE!!!!This place can get absolutely packed, which is a sign of the good food, the popularity of the burger, and just the fact that Bachi rules!  So I would come at non-peak times, which is hard to determine for Vegas, Thursday night at around 10 the wait was 40 minutes, Saturday around 9:30 the wait was 5...so it really does follow along with the vegas theme of just gettin lucky.  PS - there's a new bigger spot also about 15 min away from the strip...but with traffic, can actually take much longer to get to, but if this place is too busy, at least you have a second option.  Staff - Great!  Esp with the recommendations and the good humor.  Thanks Bachi! :)
4	This place is delis! The wait was a tad long but worth it! I looooove their Banh Mi burger!Service was great too!The server mentioned they're opening up two locations in SoCal...I can't wait!!
4	Burger is awesome. Not the healthiest but greasy and juicy jist the way your mouth likes it. They also carry hitachino beer in tap. How awesome is that? Minus star for the wait. Waiting sucks.
5	Bachi burger never disappoint me. Ever! I love this place and I would definitely recommend it to my family and friends. I love how they collaborate with "shoku" (I believe that's the word, not sure) anyway, love their soup.
5	I'm an avid viewer of Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives and I've always wanted to go to the places that Guy goes to but most of the time they are on the other side of the states. When I saw that he went to a burger joint in Vegas that was Asian fusion? I quickly bookmarked it and was already anticipating my next Vegas trip. I've been here twice since and I'd have to say that this is one of my favorite burger joints.Not located anywhere near The Strip, but relatively close by in the neighboring city of Henderson The restaurant is tucked away in a plaza but easy to find and plenty of parking. Make sure you call in advance to see how long the wait is! I usually call and the wait time for me around dinner time is around 15 mins or so for a party of 8. The wait area is small with a few chairs. The restaurant is cute, simple, and modern. The service is quick and fast and the workers are friendly.Since I've been here twice, I've gotten the opportunity to try many different things, especially since I shared with one of my friends!--Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries: Holy Oxtail! My favorite appetizer here for sure. When you pop the yolk on the fried egg and let it drip down onto the fries, it's literally food porn. The fries are nicely fried, the oxtail is sweet yet tender, and the chili is delicious. A very savory yet sweet appetizer and I love! 5/5--Pork Belly Steamed Buns: Took a couple bites of this and I like it! Probably my second favorite appetizer. The pork belly was fatty and savory and together with the steamed bun, boiled egg, and the hoisin sauce made it extra yummy. 4/5--Hot Crab n' Creamy Cauliflower Dip: Ordered this on a whim with my friend to share and I did not like it at all. It sounded good with the artichoke and cauliflower, but the flavors were so odd. The crab was extra fishy and the lap chong did not compliment the fishiness at all. It was horrible but it wasn't delicious either. I stayed away from this. 2/5--Kikis Burger: This was the first burger I tried and the variety of mushrooms in this burger is what sold me. The burger was so juicy and delicious. The garlic chili aioli was a nice finishing touch to the burger as well. If you're having a hard time choosing a burger, I'd say this is a simple yet delicious burger to try. 4/5--Miyagi-sans Grass-Fed Wagyu Burger: I had this burger this past weekend and anything with a fried egg is already a plus in my book. After one bite, my eyes literally rolled back. It was so darn good! The fried onions, the bacon, the egg... and best of all you can really taste the quality in this burger. It was juicy and flavorful. 5/5To many, many more trips back to Bachi Burger whenever in Vegas. Although, I heard that they may be opening one in LA?
5	Very good, nice environment, and friendly staff. We had the Kiki and Spicy Bistro, both were excellent. The sweet potato fries are the best I've had. Will defiantly come back.
5	Ate here on friday 10/4, after seeing it on diners drive in and dives. We had the oxtail chili cheese fries, the ronin and the kalbi burger. It was honestly one of the best meals ive ever had in my life! Growing up in hawaii, it really had a lot of local flavors that I missed! The service was great too!
5	This is our FAVORITE Burger place ,off the strip.The Asian-Fusion style that the chef has created are so filled with flavor!But don't worry, you can have classics if you prefer.We always bring people here because it is fun, lively and delicious!A few tips.- The Pork Belly buns may not seem like an obvious choice in a burger place, but they are amazing! The The Miyagi-San burger- OMG. The garlic-truffle edamame. Yes, just do it!Love this place!
5	DELISSSHHHHHH!!!omg I've been to this place twice and both times were great. their chili fries is the bomb. it's huge, melty and tasty! I also tried their burgers both times. I forgot what I ordered the first time, but for my second visit I got their special burger with baked scallop on top of the burger patty. that burger was like a surf and turf in a bun. I like that the scallops made the burger not as heavy. ahhh I wish they open one in LA area so I can go more often!
5	My husband and I really enjoy this place.  I'm not normally a burger person but this is sooooo good that I forget they are burgers!
4	Buns were better than Umami Burger's. I can't give a better and more detailed review because I had only tasted a bite (too full from earlier) However, the truffled fries were much better at Umami. This place is open until 1am on Fridays and Saturdays. And it's merged with the Ramen place next door, so they have the Ramen menu available as well! Another reason to come back another time.
5	In a town like Las Vegas where it's very difficult to sift through all of the countless restaurants it's refreshing to find one that has quality, and value. The Miyagison burger is a "bucket list" burger. The best in the world.
5	MY FAVORITE BURGER PLACE EVER. It is far from the strip, but worth the drive.  Way bigger portions than Umami, about the same price. Loved the Miyagi burger- it has an egg and lots of great Asian-fusiony flavors. The ox-tail fries and the garlic fries are also amazing. They also have good drinks (like boba) and ramen (but get a burger). Can't wait for the one in LA to open up! Only con is that its usually busy and takes a while to get seated. Totally worth the wait though! (:
2	this place was more hype than anything, i was there last year with a friend for SEMA and we had heard about this place on where else. they made it was the best thing since sliced bread. we talk about going there to try it. first when we got there it took us forever to get seated (which i thought was a good thing) we ended up being seated in like the very back by the toilets. the service was terrible, i was served a coke and it was flat! when i asked for another one i was given attitude. so on to the food, i ordered the mr miyagi burger and my friend ordered the bahn mi burger. mr miyagi wasn't horrible but wasn't all that into it. my friend let me try the bahn mi burger and it tasted like there was way too much going on. i realized i would have been better off just going for bahn mi sandwiches for maybe 8 bucks and had better quality. we ordered the chili fries and they were  about the only thing that was good. they were not bad. but overall my experience sucked. (oh and i think the fact i could smell the stank from the bathroom didn't help) so maybe for a once in a lifetime trip would be cool if you dont eat much asian food, but if you do avoid it, way too pricey (2 burgers, 1 beer and two sodas and fries was a little more than 50 bucks) and seems to be just the hipster place to go!
4	Loved this place. Great atmosphere and friendly attentive staff. Would definitely come back. The sweet potato fries are hands down the best I've ever eaten.
5	Celebrating for Spartan Race we wanted to reward ourselves. Assuming everything in The Strip would be packed for dinner we decided to try avoiding the chaos and thought Bachi Burger wouldn't be packed...we were semi-correct. A decent wait for some delicious food.Ambiance: * Parking | It is plaza parking so it is quite busy.* Seating | A fair amount of seating, about 50-70 people bar or group seating.* Feels | Typical restaurant feel with trance/electric music and definitely always crowded.Food:Caramel Milkshake | Sweet and caramelly. The smoothie smoothly went through the straw and was enjoyable with every stripRed Velvet Milkshake | The concept of red velvet is overrate but even I gave in. No regrets delicious it was. Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries | Definitely a unique taste with the oxtail, egg, cheese and the additional appetizers. This is plentiful so do share.Truffle Parmesan Fries |  Typical yet delicious truffle parmesan fries. If you are in the mood for something lighter, go for this.Banh Mi Burger | Where to begin? The delicious mix of pork, shrimp and vinegar just to name a few made these american feel into a good asian fusion.Mr. Ho's Burger | The sausage and mushrooms were delicious, juicy, and had awesome texture.Customer Service:* We waited for about 20-30 minutes. It's strange we walked us in and escorted us to the back patio to wait where we just sat and listened to trance/electric music. Other than that the servers were attentive and fixed my order when there was a problem, no charge!Overall: * 5 stars. A very unique burger place, I can't think of any place. The wait was fairly respectable and worth it. The customer service was excellent and the food was unforgettably delicious: the creative marinations and combinations of lemongrass, fish sauce, pickled vegetable just to name a few... I would definitely come back and try their other menu items. Till next time, Bachi Burger!Advice:* Come during non-common business ours.
3	I'd heard about this place for months and, when I'd driven by at lunch time, there always seemed to be a line out front. Finally went to lunch there. It did not live up to the hype. A burger that was mediocre and pricey. Fries were ok, but not astounding. The staff wasn't attentive as I'd expect. They messed up not one, but two of my party's orders.
5	The hype is real, people!Prior to coming to Vegas, I was recommended by a friend to come check out this place. From my belief, there are 2 locations both off the strip. We went to the Windmill location which was about 20 minutes away. When we got there at 11am, there was already a small line starting to form. I got the grass-fed wagyu burger. It was good but it was a little bit on the sweeter side and I don't like my burgers sweet. I also got a chance to try the spicy miso burger. That was a little salty for me, but again, still very good. The winner of the day? The oxtail chili cheese fries. You will dieeee. Must get!!! Since our meal was so good, we decided to come back a second time the next day before leaving Vegas. This time around we tried the ramen. It's really rare that a burger joint would also serve ramen, let alone be good at it so I was extremely skeptical. BUT, much to my surprise, the ramen was so good as well! My favorite is the spicy ramen with extra meat. Their meat is sooo fatty and melts in your mouth but it's so good. I suppose being a fatty every once in a while is no biggie :)Their service is amazing. Everyone was extremely friendly and attentive. I will come back here every time I'm in town!
5	This is my new burger favorite.  And will be one of those iconic vegas eateries I HAVE to eat before heading back to LA.  I was so impressed.  Foodwise.  Their service was lackluster as they were understaffed. And our server was seldom seen.  I had the shogun burger. But eventually, tasted everyones burger at our table. everyone had something different and everyone couldn't stop raving about their burger.i think my favorite was the miyagi san. Egg, Fried Onion Rings and a zesty patty. MM MM!!!Also notable are the bao sandwiches.  They tasted amazing.Will definitely be back.
3	I have always loved Bachi... Their "Lonely Bird" has always been a favorite of mine. However, everytime my fiance and I go to the Henderson location the service continues to get worse and worse and worse. This last time I went the hostess was so rude to us, and our server I think barely knew we existed. The food was good I would just love to see the service get better to how it was before.p.s.For the love all things delicious, will someone please bring back that amazing chocolate and green tea homemade pop tart!?!?!!?!?
5	Five star burgers. Just go.  Asian fusion theme with super quality ingredients and prices are amazingly reasonable for the quality provided
5	This place would give Umami Burger in LA a run for its $$. Recommend:Shogun BurgerMiso BurgerPork Belly Bao in the Peking Duck stylePickled OnionsDid feel it for the truffle fries with gravy. Got cold fast...This place is ALSO a Ramen House.
1	This establishment greatly disappointed me. When me and my mom arrived, there would be a 10-minute wait which was perfect because we were still waiting for my friend while she was on her way. We really wanted to sit outside but they wouldn't allow it because they didn't have enough staff. How do they not know how to properly staff for a Saturday at noon? When my name was finally called for my party of 3, they wouldn't seat us because my friend wasn't present, like its some 5-star fine-dining establishment. She was literally in the parking lot and I could see her in her gold Prius pulling in to a spot when my name was called. Then, when my friend got inside they didn't have enough menus for us so they couldn't seat us again! How does a restaurant not have enough menus? We were rushed the entire time and they kept asking if we were done 3 or 4 times while we were eating and kept trying to take our plates because they wanted our table. This isn't a fine-dining restaurant! Get off your high-horse, Bachi Burger. We won't be back.
5	Great food and presentation, great service, great atmosphere always clean. my third visit there every one is positive. I love latest rammen addition to the menu and sapporo on tap. One of my favs in town. Must try.
2	Can you say over rated. I have noticed any place that's featured on a tv show like diners  dives and drive ins is avoid. The restaurant was busy and waited about 20 min during lunch rush. I didn't like the place as soon as I walked in. It felt like a night club with the music blaring. I don't mind some mood music but when I have to shout to have a conversation then there's a problem. Let's get to the food, ordered the oxtail chili with very little meat for $15 it was decent but not $15 good for some fries and chilli.There was three of us and we all ordered different burgers. The problem with the fish burger was that the fish fell apart as you ate the burger so the fish was basically falling off the buns. The mr ho burger had way too much sauce on it and my grandma couldn't eat it. The problem with these burgers were that they were way to busy, multiple sauces that conflict with the burger itself. I felt for the price the burger could have been bigger. Lunch for three over $60.I also thought their non alcohol specialty drinks were way over priced.
5	Great food as always, great service from Kelly H. - she was very patient with all of my wife's questions. I had a burger and the wife had the pot stickers. We  definitely recommend the Ox tail fries......AWESOME.
3	I went to this location on 9/26 for lunch. It was OK. I ordered the spicy miso burger protein style and it was fine. It wasn't bad, it was even pretty good. It is just hard to get excited about this place. The service is OK. Not good but not bad. Definitely slow and not attentive. Unless someone orders their fries as an appetizer, they probably want them with their meal, not 20 minutes ahead of time.  The house made pickles were good. I was excited to see that they have Boba, but I didn't try it. I would not choose to go back, but if a friend wanted to, I would go with them.
4	So I have to admit that lately Guy Fieri has been letting me down with some of his recommendations, and particularly his Vegas restaurant at The Quad. However, this was my second visit to Bachi Burger, and this place still rocks. We were three ravenous hikers fresh off a three hour drive back from Zion, still coming down from the adrenaline high of hiking Angel's Landing. So naturally we stuffed our faces with the truffle fries (fantastic), kiki burger (amazing), spicy miso burger (good), peking duck steamed buns (good but covered in cilantro which I HATE), and I topped all that off with a chocolate peanut butter milkshake (good... but definitely overkill at that point). The Asian fusion is right on point, and the burgers are clearly made with high quality ingredients with a lot of thought going into the various flavor combinations.My only complaint is that the bathrooms were not very clean and they made us wait for a table at 3 PM on a Sunday, even though the restaurant seemed pretty empty. Also the parking lot (where you have to wait for your table) smells horrendous because there is a dumpster full of rotting fish from the sushi restaurant next door.
4	Bachi Burger is a great place for a gourmet meal at an extremely reasonable price. Their oxtail chili cheese fries are out of this world. Also ordered the only kind of poultry burger on the menu which is a chicken/turkey mix and so delicious. Don't forget toOrder one of their amazing fries that comes with a palette explosion dipping sauce. I went for my birthday dinner and having a large group of 10 people they told us we can only have 3 separate checks with a maxOf 3 payments per check............ To breakIt down if there is a group of 4 and each of which would like to use a debit card to pay ....... All hell breaks loose and staff gets very defensive. Great food great atmosphere, staff is a little arrogant but I can put up with bitchy girls all day for this food.
5	Shogun burger was DELICIOUS. The seared foie was so buttery and went so well with the poached Asian pear. I asked to have my burger cooked mid-rare and it was perfectly cooked. Kiki burger and Mr. Ho's burger were also very good. Also got the oxtail chili fries. Personally, I thought the beans in the chili were just barely undercooked but it was awesome besides that and three of us killed the plate.  Service was great. Even though the place was packed, someone was always making sure our water was filled and we had everything we needed.
4	A Japanese influenced burger joint? Great freaking idea and it really works! All the burger combos on the menu sounded great and we ended up ordering the veggie and Kiki's burger to spit and try something new. The veggie burger was really yummy but super crumbly and coulda used more sauce as the patty was a bit dry. Kiki's burger was excellent and it arrived and pre-smoosh was about 8 inches tall. With a side of the garlic fries, it was heaven. With a beer and garlic fries, it was nirvana. The service was also excellent and everyone was insanely nice. Highly recommend!
4	They do take their sweet ass time making these burgers.  I would at least block out an hour if your going here even for a party of three.  Yes...they are friendly.  The menu is creative but when it gets busy....it gets real busy and their service level goes out the window.  Look forward to checking out their other location next time.
5	Awesome !  Awesome ! Awesome!Food , service and atmosphere.
4	If you love burgers and you love Asian cuisine, you'll love this place. And I bet you won't find a better burger anywhere this far off the strip. Get the Ronin for your first burger, and the oxtail chili fries, and thank me later. It gets pretty busy on weekends, which is expected for high-rated dining, however it seems they're slightly understaffed at times - the only reason this place gets 4 stars instead of 5.
5	I wasn't sure I would like this place but I LOVED it.  The Parmesan truffle fries were amazing. The plan was to order two burgers and share but neither of us wanted to give up more than a bite of our burger.  The staff was very helpful with our order and kept our drinks full and our bellies fuller.  We ordered the Kiki burger and the Miagi-sun. AMAZING.  So worth the drive off the strip.
2	My boyfriend and I entered bachi burger with the thought of exotic flavors and delicious high-quality beef. Though the beef may have been exceptional, we both were disappointed with how overpowering the flavors were of everything else other than the beef. Cooked perfectly at medium, we would have liked the burger to not be completely overshadowed by what was an addition to it. He got the Miyagi-San burger which tasted more like sushi than it did hamburger (and I took a bite of it!) I got the Ronin burger where I thought the Katsu BBQ sauce was way too sweet and made it hard to keep eating.Call me "old-fashioned" or "all-American" but I'll take a Great Burger where I taste the beef before these two options any day, For $40 + dollars, we had two burgers, two sides of fries, a beer and a green tea. I hoped to actually enjoy my meal rather than us question to one another whether the burgers were worth even worth eating. We found more enjoyment giggling over the green sunglasses with no lenses, neon orange shirt wearing hipster next to us than our food. I was so excited about this place. But it just wasn't good, in our opinion.Wait... the fries were good! Two stars.
4	My 500th review.... WOW. FIVE HUNNIDD. 5 hundred ones.On my 2nd trip back to Vegas in as many weeks, I just had to have more of Bachi Burger. I met a grade school classmate who lives in town at the original location on Windmill. It was my first time at this location. It was just a little after 11am on a Friday. I had just landed at McCarran. From the airport, I got my rental car and drove the short distance to Bachi. I was seated right away being that they just opened. I was seated towards the back by the window on the way to the restrooms but still had full view of  the entire restaurant. Waited a little while for my friend as she was in transit but stuck in traffic. The waiter we had made sure to check on me a couple of times and I started off with the oxtail cheese fries. It was served just in time as my friend sat down. Great timing!.. The oxtail chili cheese fries were as good as I remember. Perfectly crisp fries, tender strips of oxtail strewn about amongst cheese, chili (with beans), jalapeno slices & cilantro. Oh and dont forget the fried egg on top... Good stuff.For my entree, I ordered the pork belly steamed buns (3 pieces) instead of a burger. It's just so tasty and perfect in its bite sized form. The soft & delicious still warm steamed bun, cradling the slightly crisp on the edges but buttery soft pork belly with hoisin sauce, sliced hard boiled egg & cilantro (i dont even like cilantro!) combination is so damn good. Its one of my most favorite cravings these days. Thankfully the Sawtelle location opened the same exact day I was at the OG location. I'm definitely going there to get my fix and to support my friend's cousin who is a line cook there. My friend ordered the Miyagi-san burger with furikake, fried egg, chili mayonnaise, honey bacon and onion rings. It was good but the patty was overcooked to well done as my friend specifically ordered it medium-well. I also found it to be super sticky eating. Even the bun was kind of sticky. It could have been better.Service was good, attentive. I thought the place could be a little cleaner. The windows I was sitting at needed some dusting and I didnt like seeing a couple of flies buzzing by the window blinds. Parking was plentiful because its in a shared lot with several other businesses. Bachi gets full in a hurry. Within a half hour of me being seated (11:15am) the place was packed...Shoku Ramen's (formerly next door) menu is served at Bachi Burger now, so the paper signs say. Thank you Bachi Burger but I think I like the Summerlin location better. You know what they say about first loves... They  never die. And Summerlin won me over at first bite.
5	Best burger I've EVER had!!! And I know what I'm talking about, I've had a lot of burgers!! Everyplace I've ever been to, I've always searched for the perfect burger. Well, I finally found it at this quaint las Vegas establishment!!!
2	I hate to write this review b/c I really wanted to LOVE this place.  My friend recommended that I visit this place while visiting Vegas...so I went out of my way, ventured off the strip, and had the Miyagi'san.  It was just ok.  Maybe my expectations were too high.  But I've had better burgers...and I have paid less.  However, I understand that it was grass-fed beef and all, and that is why I had to pay so much for just one burger and an order of fries...but I've experienced better.  That is all.
3	Joel wanted a burger for lunch and I just wanted lunch. We finally agreed on Bachi Burger.Since it was lunch time it was pretty packed. We only waited about 5 minutes and we were seated. This was our first time here and I noticed they merged with the ramen restaurant next door. Very cool! We looked over the menu and I immediately saw they offered bao sandwiches!! They offered my favorite kind too! The peaking duck bao. Joel ordered Kiki's burger and we shared the truffle parmesan fries. The fries came out first! They were thin cut, crispy and came drizzled with truffle sauce  over them. I also ordered a side of garlic chili sauce to dip them in. Yum! Next came Joel's burger and my duck bao. Joel's burger was messy!!! It had lots of shiitake mushrooms, a slice of gruyere cheese and a thick juice burger patty. By the time he finished I felt like I needed to hose him down he was so covered in burger and sauce. My bao was tender and the meat was flavorful. It also had a thin slice of egg and radish and came with a side of hoisn sauce. That complimented the bao nicely. The service was prompt and friendly. I always love when places pay attention and refill my water glass when empty. The Bachi Burger staff fit the bill. The waiter even quickly brought napkins when Joel was messy. The decor is basic. The wooden benches and chairs are not comfy. They also have a bar you can sit at, but those high chairs didn't look any more comfy. I think it's great the Bachi has merged with the next door ramen spot. It lets them offer more options and a larger dining place. On the price it is a little expensive. ($3 for a soda. I'll stick with water.) Bachi Burger was tasty, but I can't say I'd go out of my way to go back anytime soon.
5	So good, i could die, It's a gourmet burger and you really get what you pay for. It's a great vibe, super nice decor, asian fusion style bugers. I come here everytime because all burgers on the strip disappoint. Ronin burger is a great great burger to start off with, come back and try everything. There is boba so that is a huge plus if you are having that asian craving inside you, I know everyone has it. Service is great and I always leave happy and full. My tongue and heart sing in harmony as a take every bite, and the heavens ring as the joy of my stomach reaches fullness and its enlightenment.
5	Seriously the best Burger and fries I've ever had the pleasure to try.  I ordered the Banh Mi Burger and couldn't even think of one bad thing to say.  The burger was perfectly cooked and super juicy. The herbs and daikon were very fresh and provided a nice crunch. To go with it I ordered the truffle fries, haven't had truffle fries before so I can't really give a good comparison, but these were delicious. The Vietnamese Coffee I ordered was a bit light. Too much milk, and they didn't use the normal condensed milk. That's really the only bad thing I could think of with this meal. The service was great, it was nice to see that the manager actually rolled up his sleeves and was helping out taking the trash out and wiping tables when it started getting busy. Usually never see that. The interior was nice, very clean.  Only thing I could have dealt without was the music, it was very loud for time of day I was there.. Oh yeah, and the hipsters... I could deal without them too but it didn't distract from the amazing meal.
4	Crazy good food and quite reasonable pricing!I had the shogun burger with the foie gras waygu and unagi. Awesome.Wife had the Mr Ho's...also very tasty.And the Ox tail fries...to die for.My only negatives. The hostess didn't seem like she wanted to be there, and we suspect they gave our order of fries to the fresh ups that just sat down at the bar next to us, even though we waited longer. Other than that, it seemed the manager on the floor was on his game, rectified the situation, and was genuinely happy to have us there as guests.
4	After seeing this place featured in Food Network's Triple D, it's been something I've always wanted to try in Vegas. There's never enough time when visiting Sin City but we made sure this time Bachi Burger was on our itinerary. Hopping on over here after a show off the strip, their closing time at 1am was perfectly convenient. OXTAIL CHILI FRIES ($11.50) is a must-order. Most poutine fries I've had other than in Montreal tend to get soggy from all the gravy, but not here. I also love that it's not thick-cut resulting to a most-welcomed crunch on each bite. With beans and shreds of oxtail meat in the chili sauce, topped with garlic aioli, plus cheese and jalapenos, each component delivered its purpose. Let's not forget the cilantro which is my favorite part as it added a clean and distinct finish to the flavor profile. This was the bomb.com!  RONIN WAGYU BURGER ($16) normally comes with Angus beef patty but you can request for Wagyu meat for extra $$. I suggest you go this route because I tell you, it makes a huuuuuge difference. One bite and the unmistakable taste I got instantly was from the high grade beef. It had a nice smoky char-grilled flavor that was oozing with all its juicy splendor! WOW! The caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, and katsu bbq all fused well together into this phenomenal finished product. I really love everything about this burger including the bun! Not sure if you need the yuzu citrus aioli on the side because it's already flavorful as it is. KIKIS BURGER ($12) is Angus beef patty with sauteed Japanese mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, gruyere cheese, and garlic chili aioli. After having the wagyu beef patty with my Ronin burger, it was hard not to spot the difference between the two. The former was definitely more delicious however, let's not forget this burger had bacon and everyone knows anything with bacon is good. When in doubt, stick with the Ronin. CHILI FRIED CHICKEN ($7) was good but just not the flavor I was looking for. I was hoping it was more like a Korean chili chicken with a sweet glaze, instead, this was more tangy and on the citrusy side. Packed most of it home and ate it the next day. Surprisingly, it tasted better.Our server was on top of things and was very knowledgeable about the menu. I mean who doesn't like talking to people who knows what they're talking about? The rest of the staff was friendly and in a genuine way. Can't complain! So happy Bachi Burger has now opened its doors in LA. Soon OC, I hope!
1	Wish I could review the food but can't.... Was seated with a friend at 9pm tonight, hostess was very friendly. Unfortunately after 15 mins no one even acknowledged us at the table. We left. :(
5	I stumbled into this place after first moving here, and will continue to bring my family every time they come into town. These Burgers are so juicy and the flavors are all so different and well put together. If you want a unique experience of Asian-fusion burgers this is the place to go! My favorites are the black and green burger and the one with curry (I don't remember the name)Will definitely be coming back!
5	Omg is amazing. The wait is well worth it. The oxtail fries so delicious. The burgers are big and greasy. This is a place to take your friends and enjoy a great meal.
5	The oxtail chili cheese fries is a must!!! LOVE! I came here late in the evening during the week so seating did not take long at all. I do remember coming to this place around lunch time a year ago and the wait is pretty long. Not sure if this has changed. Also ordered the spicy miso burger. Yum!
5	ahmazinggggg gourmet burgers, wow! You can smell the deliciousness even when you drive by! So many unique burger choices, or the option to create your own! Edemame- wonderful. Little sausages- delicious! Maui onion fries- out of this world. Service was awesome, as everyone was friendly and smiling. I can tell this will be a favorite of ours!
5	I really do enjoy BachI Burger. I have been here about four times now, and they do not disappoint. Now that they have combined with Shoku Ramen, I enjoy it even more. One of my favorites is the spicy miso ramen.  It's done extremely well, but it's not all that spicy, so if you are looking for something extremely spicy, this is not going to satisfy that craving. However, I do have a very high tolerance for spicy food, so it's worth noting that I might not think it's spicy, but it might be spicy for others. The serving size is on par with most other ramen joints.As for burgers, my favorite is the Kiki Burger. It is filled with hearty mushrooms and the flavor combination is amazing. No complaints here. The burger is huge and done right. The truffle garlic fries are also one of my favorites. It's a wonderful combination and I have to get it every single time...even if it's with my ramen. The service is good here and it has a hipster vibe...I'll leave value judgements about the atmosphere up to the individual, but it's a fun vibe. Overall, always extremely impressed and enjoy them very much. The only caveat to all of this is how busy they can get, and deservingly so.  The wait has stopped me from eating here a few times, but if you try to get here during down times it's not too bad. If it's a rush hour though, be prepared to wait. My latest time eating here was this past Thursday night around 6:00 pm and there was no wait at all.
5	What do I do when I first land in Vegas? I start looking at my Yelp bookmarks!My cousin and I wanted to start things off with a great meal. To the days leading to our Vegas trip, he kept talking about Bachi Burger until my ears had a constant ringing! I finally gave into his pleas and agreed to go. After picking up our rental car we headed to Bachi Burger.When we arrived, around lunch time, it was semi-busy. The hostess quoted us a seating time of ten minutes. It seemed the wait was shorter than that. We ended up getting a table within five minutes. Once we were seat, our menus were handed to us and was told our server will be right with us. Our waitress came to us within a couple minutes and took our drink orders. After being dry from the airport, I decided to get an alcoholic beverage. I went for the Sake Sanga-Ria.The Sake Sanga-Ria was a light and refreshing drink. The combination of sake and sangria had an inviting taste, but then knocks you with a light buzz. Who am I to complain about that! The bits of apple in the drink were also laced with the concoction of alcoholic goodness.For our appetizers we ordered the following, which include these ingredients:  - Pork Belly Steamed Buns: Duroc Pork Belly, Cilantro, Scallions, Radish, Boiled Egg, Chinese Black, Vinaigrette,  Hoisin, BBQ Sauce- Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries With Garlic Aioli and Fried EggThe pork belly was melt in your mouth good. The steamed bun was soft to bite. The veggies, boiled egg, and sauces made the steamed bun very enjoyable. Next, the oxtail chili cheese fries. I have never tasted anything like this! I'm only fond of the chili and cheese on fries, but the oxtail takes this appetizer to another level! The oxtail was tender, fries crispy, and the chili thick. Adding the fried egg on top of this dish my sound weird, but it just made it much better.For my main course, I ordered the Miyagi-sans Grass-Fed Wagyu Burger. This burger was composed of chili mayo, fried egg, furikake, caramelized bacon, and crispy onion rings. When I received my burger, it was piled high with the listed ingredients. I had to split the burger in two to handle this burger. Biting into the burger brought memories of another favorite burger spot of mine in San Jose, CA. Konjoe Burger. The summation of this burger was juicy, tender, and crispy.The nagging of my cousin about this place was well worth it! This was just our first stop, but I felt like we overdid ourselves. Oh boy!
1	Overrated and overpriced. The utensils were dirty, the glass smelled, the ox fries were tasteless. Waiting to be seated for 15 minutes with several empty tables available.
4	I came with friends 3 times before we were able to get in without waiting an hour. The line is out the door and taxis are shuttling tourists from the strip non-stop.Food was good, don't get me wrong. But waiting an hour for a burger? The food wasn't anything that blew my mind, but it was good. French fries were very good, I enjoyed them more than my burger.
1	so sad... oxtail fries.. was just like reg chili cheese fries.. oxtail where? had to try the foei gras even though i was really feeling the spicy miso burger.. 26$! for the showgun or shot gun burger whatever! it was a long wait and i was hungry and dissapointed .. walked out of there with the same facial expression as this other group now we know why they were not smiling
5	Best Burger in town hands down. Can never get enough of this place. I take everyone who comes in from out of town. Go hungry and get some of the apps as well.
3	I was so excited to finally try this place because I've heard so much about it from other food fanatics. I love me a good burger! I do give them an A for creativity, but that's really it. I WAS warned that this place is overhyped, and I'm sad to report that indeed, this place is overhyped. However, that is not to say don't come here at all. If you've never visited, give them a try! They have really fun burgers that deliver in taste. It just didn't satisfy my craving for a burger though.Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries: The portion received could easily feed 4 people who are also ordering a burger. I felt like my beau and I barely put a dent in it! They really skimped on the oxtail and chili cheese though. Taste wise, it's good, but nothing amazing or memorable. I was pretty disappointed that it just tasted standard and you were lucky if you caught a small string of oxtail with your fork as you dug into the fries!Banh Mi Burger: We just had to try this one. It does remind you of a banh mi! Great flavor, but it still left me wanting a burger. It just didn't do it for me.Miyago Waygu Beef Burger: It had great flavor as well and perfectly prepared as requested, but it still didn't do it for me.Service: Though friendly, it was kind of lacking. They start slacking off once they put in your order and don't check on you after the fact.If you're looking for a fun and different take on burgers, please give this place a try. It'll be worthwhile because everything is prepared well. I also didn't really have a good first experience on account of the table sitting next to me, which is no fault of the establishment's whatsoever. They just made me feel so uncomfortable and I almost didn't eat my food because the older white lady was staring at me and commenting on how only skinny people could eat food like that, etc. Seriously? If I commented on your body type and looks loud enough for you to hear while staring at you as you're about to eat, I think you'd be equally uncomfortable. Thank God they left shortly after I bit into my burger. Rude.
5	Oxtail Chili cheese fries with garlic aioli, need I say more? This dish was featured on Guy Fieri's DDD, which is probably why it's always crowded. I usually like my burgers to be classic burgers....none of that fancy fusion stuff, but Bachi burgers have grown on me over time. I think my love for the oxtail fries has helped sway my opinion on fusion burgers. Ooh, the truffle garlic Parmesan fries are wonderful, too!
4	Great burger place off the strip. I got the Banh-mi burger and ox-tail chili cheese fries.Both were delicious and will definately make the trip out here again.  You must make the trip out here if you go to vegas.
4	I love the burgers here. I've always had top notch food here every time I visit. I wish it was a little cheaper and the wait was a little shorter. Besides that, the best of the best right here.
5	This place lived up to its reputation.  Busy atmosphere and unique food. Hands down the most unique burger I've ever eaten and ranks in the top 10 best burgers I've eaten.  Will be back for sure!
4	I'm usually weary when a friend suggests a fancy burger joint, especially since I derive most of my burger pleasure from the likes of a quick and affordable visit to In-N-Out. But, I like Bachi Burger for a couple of reasons: the location is off the Strip, making parking easy and the burgers are damn good and full of flavor. Bachi is one of the few fusion restaurants where the menu works on so many levels. Drink options include several Japanese import beers, boba milk teas, iced teas, and house sodas. I tried the cherry yuzu soda, which was quite refreshing. We started the meal with oxtail chili cheese fries. The portion was huge and meant to be shared. I loved the flavors of meat, cheese, garlic aioli, topped off with a perfectly runny fried egg. There were several options of specialty burgers to choose from. I went with the Ronin burger while my friend got the Kiki's burger. These burgers were all about flavor and texture. The angus beef was perfectly cooked, but everything worked so well together from the cole slaw to the miso goma dressing with the perfectly toasted buns. The yuzu citrus aioli was also a nice complement. Although I liked my burger better, the Kiki's burger is a great alternative, especially if you love mushrooms. Three different types of mushrooms, caramelized bacon, and a sweet onion marmalade takes this burger's flavor in a completely different direction. Bachi Burger is one of the few places in Vegas where I will endorse a $12-15 burger.
4	Bachi burger is a place I hit up when in Vegas, but I do like their other location much better than this location.  This one is much smaller.  I am not a red meat eater, so I opted for the 3 steamed pork belly bun.  I thought it was good, but living in the Bay Area, we have a food truck that serves the same thing.  I wish they served chicken or  turkey burger with any of substitute of the red meat burgers.  I never asked, but maybe they do..next time.  Always a fan here, just the other location.
5	Excellent burgers, liked the sweet potato fries; OK ramen.On a short visit to LV, my sister's family and I went for lunch on a Monday, about 1:30 there was a 15-minute wait. We had edamame, which was good but not everyone's going to like it; regular and sweet potato fries, the latter being noticeably better than the former but both were good; Miyagi burger is five-star; kimchee burger (forgot the menu name) is nearly as good, the plain burger (for the 4-yr old) was good too.  Nice selection of beer; the Rogue River Hazelnut Ale is very good.The next day, my sister and I went back for a ramen fix.  We split an order of the duck bao, I must not have had duck for a long time because I've probably tried it many years ago and vaguely remember not been impressed, and I wasn't here, either.  The rest of the bao was done just right, I'll try the pork belly bao next time for comparison.  We both had the tonkatsu ramen, she thought it was good.  I agree for the most part, but to me the broth was a bit on the sour side, and the pork belly didn't strike the right note for some reason.  The noodles and egg were OK.  I've had better ramen recently in NYC.I'll go back, the miyagi burger alone is worth the trip.
4	Amazingly on a Friday night, not much of a wait (no longer than 20 minutes) due to the Foodie Festival happening over at the Linq. Great to be off the strip. Eat like the locals do! I chose the Ronin burger, which was Angus beef, caramelized onions, coleslaw, Miso Goma dressing, fried egg, Katsu BBQ Yuzu Citrus Aioli. She got the Kalbi burger and we shared an order of the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries (garlic aioli and fried egg). Next time I will definitely try another burger or the duck buns. I actually finished the whole burger, it was so good. Such a treat.
4	I am always hesitant to drive somewhere to eat off of the beaten path when vacationing in Las Vegas because there are so many great places on the strip.  I was brought to Bachi Burger as a place we had to try, and the food did not disappoint.  My first impression was that of skepticism since it is in a strip mall with not too much else around.  The looks of the place are pretty underwhelming when leaving the glamour and all the lights to the dusty roads of the dessert, but the food was definitely worthy of the visit.  I ordered the Kalbi burger, with no mayo, and fries. The burger had an excellent flavor that was on the sweet side. It actually tasted like what I thought it would judging by the picture and the ingredients.  It definitely satisfied my burger craving.  The fries were regular, but they came with pineapple ketchup.  That also tasted like what I hoped for.  It had a mild pineapple flavor that was not too overpowering.  It was a very tasty meal overall.I am never too keen on leaving the strip when visiting Las Vegas, but Bachi Burger was worth the drive.  There are a couple of burger places in Vegas that I prefer, but they have unique burgers and ingredients here that make it worth a visit.
3	The 3 stars was for the food. Other than that service was rather aweful. We did not feel welcome at all! Server Nancy was a real defensive one too. She spoke too fast as if she was rushing us out and getting annoyed when we ask her questions. She had no sense of humor what so ever!  I will come back.... maybe.
5	I had the Miyagi-san's Grass-Fed Wagyu Burger.  The , the decor is as expected modern, and the restaurant is clean.  The staff are helpful and very attentive.  The food has so many flavors, man it taste great.
4	Thanks Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives for putting these guys on the map.  My husband is a burger connoisseur, and he was very excited to check this place out.My advice to anyone coming here for the first time is to save your appetite because their portions are HUGE. They definitely have a lot to offer, and you need multiple visits to try all the stuff that looks good on the menu.
3	This restaurant has been on my To Do list since it opened some 4 years ago.  We decided to share 2 different Asian influenced burgers.  The Ronin burger included caramelized onions, Japanese coleslaw, miso goma dressing, fried egg, katsu bbq and yuzi citrus aioli plus Kiki's - sauteed shitake, enoki & eryngii mushrooms, caramelized bacon, sweet onion marmalade, Gruyere cheese, and garlic chili aiole.  We also shared an order of sweet potato fries with yuzi citrus aioli.  At first glance I could not imagine how I would get my mouth around the burgers, but most of the height came from the soft roll as the actual angus patty likely weighed in at a 1/3 of a pound.  We both felt Kiki beat out Ronin and, though the overall experience was good, I did not feel wowed by the experience and consider the burgers to be overpriced.
5	It exceeded our expectations! Finally made our way here and it didn't disappoint. We started with the strawberry lemonade and apple lychee soda, the fresh strawberry in the lemonade definitely made it a winner. We wanted to start with the cauliflower and crab dip, which they had run out of (ugh), but we had the pork belly buns and they were yummy! We got the Kiki and Mr. Ho's burgers with the Parmesan truffle fries... Everything was TO DIE FOR! I would highly recommend this spot. We did come in kind of late, so the service was so-so, but with food this good, it completely made up for it. Can't wait to come back and try new things on the menu!
5	First time I have ever eaten here I was mesmerized how amazing and flavorful there burgers are! One day when I get married I want to order mini bachi burgers to pass around to my guests to they can taste how amazing the burgers are!
4	Was recommended this place by a woman at the nail salon adjacent to the restaurant. We ordered a salad which was nothing special, some garlic fries which were DELICIOUS and a protein style burger. The highlight of the meal was the fries so if you go there definitely order some garlic fries (the sauce is comes with is also fantastic). The burger was good, it had a hint of a korean flavor to it (like a kalbi marinade) and I enjoyed it. The salad was really nothing special so I would pass on that. Service was excellent and the crowd was young and hip. Really enjoyed and will be back soon. Thank you Bachi Burger!
5	One of the best burgers I have had!  Try the Ox Tail Fries, yup, you heard right!!  Just give them a try!!Japanese twist to the American classic burger. Relaxed and casual ... making it a great antidote to the typical Las Vegas eatery. Oh, and its close to the airport for those that need to dine and skip town.
5	This is my favorite burger anywhere. I frankly don't understand how you can not like their burgers. Compared to the competition of gourmet burgers out there this place is very very reasonably priced. Everything is always cooked perfectly with a nice crust on the patties and perfectly medium on the inside. I highly recommend the miyagi San, it is out of this world. I come here at least 2 times a month and never get sick of it, every one of my out of town friends have said its the best burger they've ever had. Can't recommend or enough
5	A million stars. Hands down the best burger on the planet. Opulence in burger creativity. Shogun. Sho nuf! If you haven't done it do it. If you've done it do it again.
4	Best veggie burger I've ever tried.  I was not expecting all that flavor!! Layers upon layers of pure goodness. It was so big that I had to deconstruct it so I can fit it in my mouth.  Made the process even more fun! I like to get individual flavors, as well as the combination.  The patty itself was fantastic!I really wanted fries, so I decided to order just the plain ones so I can really get the awesomenss of a good fry...and they did not disappoint. Crunchy, not too salty, and it comes with great homemade ketchup.Love the vibe...great service...great food.  I will be a regular here.
5	Had a great pre dinner with great aps and main course. A bottle of wine and life was good. Not too long of a line but be prepared to wait most of the time. Worth it!
5	I am always coming back here! I crave it and it's by far my favorite place to eat! Fried egg on your burger is a MUST! Doesn't taste the same without it! Great atmosphere and it feels good to be back in Vegas!
5	Everytime I go here, it's awesome. We have nothing like it in Jacksonville and the dishes are so unique and flavored so well that you ask yourself "why didn't I think of that?!?" This go around, me and my buddy had the oxtail chili cheese fries, pork buns, Kiki burger, ronin burger and the Parmesan truffle fries. The oxtail chili cheese fries were really good. The oxtail was so tender like pulled beef and made the chili so much better than just regular ground beef chili. The pork buns were great! The pork belly was braised really well and the pickle and eggs together in the bun made the perfect combo. The side sauce (homemade hoisin?) was the kicker that sent it over the top. The burgers are sooooo good here and so original. It's hard to describe the intense Asian flavors and the combinations that each burger has. All I can say is that you must try for yourself. Every burger I've had here has that perfect balance to create a tsunami of umami. Sweet, salty and savory mixed with sour pickled... And that potato bun... two perfect pillows holding everything together. The Parmesan truffle fries are everything you expect. Shoestring fries topped with Parmesan cheese with a hint of truffle and topped with a porcini sauce. Really good side dish for the burgers. Service was impeccable and the cleanliness was comforting. Always a great experience and will always come back!
5	It must have been mile 5 or so of the Spartan Super Race when I started to really curse myself for what I got into. Hungry, tired, hot and cold (yes, it's possible), and with a leg that kept cramping. That's when a large group came up behind me encouraging each other. "Do it for Bachi Burger!" "ohhh.. yeaa.. Bachi Burger".. "mmm" and all kind of positive responses ensued. Curious, I asked, what is this Bachi Burger and where can I get it. The reviews there and on yelp ended up being great, so we decided to make sure we checked it out before we left Vegas. It did not disappoint. First, we ordered the oxtail fries. Yes, I know it sounds strange and not necessarily appealing. But wow! It was really good! The fries were not soggy, the oxtail super tender and they added a fried egg on top. And I really really love a fried egg. Got to try the garlic truffle fries and those were good too. For the burger, I tried the Ronin burger. I enjoyed the quality of the beef and the mix of different and unique flavors. Friends also tried their shakes and really enjoyed them. Definitely a good find! I am excited to see they have opened locations in LA and Pasadena!
5	All I have to say about this place is I had the best hamburger in my entire life when wagyu beef with foie gras totally awesome.Service was good and they had a great beer selection I definitely will be going. back sorry forgot to take pictures also try their truffle fries
5	Ordered a buncha food and didn't regret it one bit!! I saw this place on triple D and I couldn't wait to trek out to Vegas to check it out. Ordered the oxtail fries, truffle fries, truffle edamame, Kiki burger and ronin burger. It was all great tasting. If you're in Vegas you gotta go here ASAP!
4	This is the second time we've been here.Must have had a change in management, but the changes was for the better.  The staff expedited orders much more rapidly.   Communication was more clear this time with their team and was apparent in servicing guests.Had the Kiki Burger was was awesome.  If you don't like mushrooms, then this is not for you.  Flavoring of the garlic aioli, mushrooms, and bacon were perfect.  My husband had the Spicy Miso burger (topped with egg) which is more of his preference.  We had regular fries, which we could share.  On previous occasions we tried the sweet potato fries and parmesan fries.  All are great accompaniments.A group could fit; however, this location is fairly small in size, so if it was busy expect a long wait.Total before tax came to $27 for two burgers a one fries. Hopefully that will help you gauge what to expect for prices.
5	Tried this place on the recommendations of several food blogs. It was certainly worth the stop!Started off with the grilled shishito peppers which weren't too hot but quite flavorful. I ended up trying the Miyagi-san Wagyu Burger, which simply put was impeccable. The beef was buttery, the addons were fantastic and every bite was a myriad of taste. I imagine every burger has this taste so I'm looking forward to subsequent visits. Also tried the truffle parmesan fries which were the perfect accompaniment. Service was a bit slower than what i expect from a casual place but it wasn't an inconvenience.Finally, this location is off the regular path which was great as there was no line on a Saturday night. Overall, a great experience. Thanks Bachi!
4	Went here because of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Burgers are exotic and non-traditional. If your a traditional burger kind of person, don't bother. Burgers are juicy and very meaty. Noodles are delicious as well, next time I personally would prefer noodles over the burger. Service was so-so, hence no 5 star rating. Will go back and try something different.
4	Overall it was great!I've had ramen here before which I love. First time trying their burgers and I was impressed. Don't come when you're really hungry cause there's always a wait. Anywhere between 10-30 minutes. Don't get any of their boba drinks, Thai tea boba was pretty gross. Burgers are amazing and great size for the price though! I got the miyagi-san and it was so good! I also took a bite of the kimchi kalbi and that was good too. A little spicy but good.I do recommend it for a different burger joint!
5	Always a must stop for me when coming to vegas. The burgers have so much flavor and so juicy. The fries can hold their own as well. Cant go wrong with the truffle or the sweet potato. Love this place!
5	The steamed pork buns are so tender and the spicy miso ramen was good! I love the matcha green tea, however. I didn't try a burger. That's on my to do list next time.
5	This was a great burger hang out joint!  The beer selection was awesome and the fries were amazing. The burgers that we tried were super yummy!  Great prices and Melissa was adorable and efficient!
4	It's not a place to sit around for a long conversation just eat and get out. On Sunday's it's long line be considerate there's other people waiting to grub.
5	Great place, their strawberry soda was amazing so was the steamed pork belly buns.   We got the Bunh mi and miso burger both were amazing!
1	Save you're money and go to Wendy's (at least the chili is better there). The wait was ridiculous for starters. Packed in a crowed waiting area in full view of open tables isn't a great way to start your dining experience. When we were finally sat, a hurried bus boy drops two waters and disappears, he would be the only acknowledgement from any of the staff for over 20 min. When the waitress eventually showed up to take our order she informed us they were either out of items or did not stock such crazy hamburger toppings like dill pickles. The food arrives its sub par at best. You'll enjoy you burger better at any fast food establishment. The ox tail chili was reminiscent of the area it originated on the ox (Hormel had a better recipe), and I don't know what the "plantation sweet tea" is supposed to be but it damn sure isn't tea. Year another "hipster db my menu is hip and cool cause we put crazy things on things that never should go together" place. Again don't waste your time.
3	the wait was horrendous. packed full of people inside so we were waiting on the side walk in the vegas heat. 120 deg just waiting for people to give up and leave.once we got in there were plenty of seats not even being touched. so im not sure what the hell was going on where we had to wait over a hour outside when there were tables upon tables of empty seats. food wise, it was ok- i wasnt blown away but it was good.the burger is a little intimidating,  you read all these funny things like what the hell is this- with no explanation and no waitstaff to help you because they are close to non existent other then to bring the food out. but you muster up some courage and pick something.we got chili fried chicken- which was good, very crispy even though it was smothered in sauce. and we both got the ronin burger. a messy disaster but tasty.with sweet potato fries.the food was decent. everything else was kinda lacking.
5	I've been to this exact location a couple times.  The service was great, our waitress nailed it and was always around making sure we had what we need.  Overall it felt like the staff were well organized and worked well together.  I ordered a cider but it was bottled and seemed like just a selection from the supermarket and not really chosen to pair with a food and for specific qualities of the cider itself.  I got the kalbi burger and it was perfect top to bottom, the flavors worked perfectly and was just an awesome burger.  I order some fried but wasn't too jazzed about this visit's selection (truffle fries), but I'll chalk that one up to my choice.  My last visit had a better fry selection.  Overall I'm a fan and glad they have a couple in LA.  It's a great burger spot off the strip and not a far drive away.
4	A friend of a friend recommended this place and what a treat to find it to be as good as they exclaimed.  Our waitress was attentive and friendly.  The place was busy but there wasn't an overly long wait.  We had the Kiki burger with Wagyu and the Miyagi-sans Grass-Fed Wagyu Burger with a shared order of truffle fries.  The burgers were cooked (per chef's recommendation) perfectly and the homemade buns melted in your mouth.  This is not a fast food style restaurant and is a bit pricy, but well worth every penny.
3	Burgers were def on point! Had the Miyagi-san & it was delicious! Service sucked though, unfortunately. The bus boy was hella cool but the waiter was AWOL most the night. The Thai was bomb! All in all, good place to eat but bad service! FYI, if you don't like your buns toasted, let them know, cuz they'll toast the hell out your buns! Lol
5	This place is the most amazing place on earth. This is for sure apart of every trip I take to Vegas. It's refreshing to go into a restaurant and see a variety of folx. Often places that are super good have a particular clientele but this place has all genres. The plantation sweet tea w/pineapple and mint is the most flavorful beverage and I've tried to duplicate it at home and it's not the same. The best thing here is the oxtail fries. It's Spicey and sweet and yummy in my tummy fries w/egg and oxtail so who doesn't want that. In terms of a meal I get the non ground beef items bcus I feel some sort of way abt it but the first time I came I got the pork belly buns and they were a nice surprise. The pork is crispy and I actually like the mixture of varieties of crunch and softness. However this time I got  the Lonely Bird which was perfect. This thing seriously has a nice bun and all the flavors jus taste nice in my mouth. Anyways my friends had the Banh Mi and Mr Ho's which of course are delissshhhh. My advice go of the strip and eat and explore but clearly you are if your reading this review.
5	I heard about this place when I was watching Diner, Drive-In, and Dives... It looked so good on TV, so as soon as I arrived to Las Vegas on Saturday afternoon I went straight here. I arrived around 2:00-2:30 and the host told me it was about a 30 minutes wait.  What I wish she would have told me was the bar is open seating, so people that walked in after me sat down first.  When I was finally sat, they place me in a secondary room by the kitchen which was empty, so I did not understand the long wait time.   The staff was all very nice and polite.The food was amazing!!!  My wife had The Lonely Bird which she loved.  I had the The "Banh-Mi" Burger which was also amazing.  We both shared the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and Pork Belly Steamed Buns.I am from Orange County and the closes to me is in L.A. which is a little too far, but next time I am near another location I am defiantly returning.
5	Awesome burgers spicy miso my favorite.   Always busy which says everything about the place if you have to wait it is well worth it
4	There were 4 of us in our party and now that they combined the Shoke Ramen restaurant  had good variety. I had a ramen bowl, don't ask what was in it since I couldn't read the ingredients.  The waiter was a great resource. The others in the group had burgers which were very excellent and the Truffle. Fries were tasty. Price was higher than Yelp let on but well worth it.
5	Great burgers. Since Holstein's went down hill in quality, it's easier for me to give Bachi a solid 5 star rating.Before I gave Holstein's a 5 star rating, and compared it to Bachi. But now Bachi is probably the only good burger joint in Vegas (that i know of).
3	Good food great old school hip hop high ass prices....definitely different items ..like ox tail fries,  different.
4	Love this place! Really great food, a little different from your normal burger. The loaded fries were amazing!!!!  Big portions for a decent price. The server was knowledgeable and helpful. They seem to dig their job. Overall great impression, will go back whenever we are in Vegas..
4	I heard about this restaurant from a friend that lives in Vegas and I've now been here a couple of times. The food is great and they have friendly service. One thing they are famous for is their Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries and it is delicious! The meat is well cooked and it serves as a great appetizer. The next thing to get is their burgers. I've tried their Ronin Burger and the Miyagi-San Burger and they are also cooked to your liking and tastes very good. I recommend to come here when you're leaving your Vegas vacation and you just have to try it!
4	The burgers are good, but there's a lot going on there. Whatever you decide since they have a pretty extensive menu, remember to order the oxtail fries!!!Order:- Oxtail Fries - we should have gotten 2!- Salt & Pepper Garlic French Fries - good, but can't be oxtail!- Spicy Miso Burger- Shogun Burger - flavor explosions were insane, but you can't really tell it's a burger!- Bachi Caesar Salad - not sure why this was ordered, but I think he was still drunk- Sweet Tea - Soooo GOOD!!!!TIP: If you can't come all the way out to Vegas, they just opened one up in LA!
5	Hands down the best burger I've ever eaten! The Miyagi burger and truffle fries are a MUST! Everything about this burger is absolute perfection. When I go to Bachi Burger I know it will taste amazing, but somehow that first bite still blows me away every time. The wait for a table is usually long and it usually takes a pretty long time to actually get your food, but it's worth it, I promise.
4	I had the Ronin burger and was happy with it.  The highlight of the night were the Oxtail Fries....Yummmm
5	Delicious food! Best burger I ever  tasted!
5	There are 2 of these in Southern California. With that being said, don't order something you can get in California. HELLO FOIE GRAS.Shogun burger it is. A massive burger with a patty made of wagyu beef, a slab of unagi, and a beautifully seared slab of fatty rich foie gras - OH HOW I HAVE MISSED THEE. I ordered mine the only way a burger should be done (medium rare, DUH) and it came out perfect. The beef was juicy, unagi was sweet, while the foie gras was decadent. It got messy and all over the place, probably why there's always a line for the bathroom. My friend even warned me that I should sit closer to the table when our food came. Sound advice. The parmesan truffle sweet potato fries were good, but not amazing. I am just a sucker for sweet potato fries. There was no wait for us when we arrived. It was a Sunday during lunch, but then again it was just 2 of us and we had no problems with sitting at the bar. Service was top notch, (although there was a slight sexist incident.. I was dining with a pescetarian so obviously he had a fish burger. When our food came, the runner gave ME the fish burger and the shogun to my friend. I said "other way around" and he said "oh I just assumed the shogun was his because it's meaty and manly. EXCUSE ME!? *rolleyes I digress)  and I would definitely wander off the strip for a Shogun burger again.
4	The oxtail fries are a must! The burgers were full of flavor and the buns were delicious too. My boyfriend and I tried the Bahn-mi Burger and the Kalbi Burger. The only reason why I'm leaving out that last star is because our waitress forgot my drink order and it took an extremely long time to get our bill. Other than that, this place is definitely a place to try. Will be going back for sure.
5	The ultimate gourmet burger. This spot is cute, and the menu is well thought out. I always want to try something new, but I'm so addicted to the Crusty Crab, it's what I've ordered each of the five times I've been there; and it's been incredible every single time. Their fries and aoli sauces are equally incredible. My friends usually order something from the turf- and everyone who has ever been with me has raved about their selection. This place is a local gem.
5	Best burger I have ever had. I don't generally even like burgers. We got Spicy Miso burger and Kalbi burger. Garlic fries were amazing too!
5	Great food!! Had the Ronin Burger and it was delicious!!! The oxtail chili cheese fries were amazing! It was my 1st time too! Great place and good food!! Just go!!
5	We need one of these in New York. And there should be one closer to the strip. I didn't mind going out of our way to come here though, it was totally worth it. I wished that more people came with us so that we could have ordered a wider variety of food to try but there's always next year! We started with the duck baos, which were tender, juicy, and flavorful. We also got an order of truffle fries with spicy dipping sauce to share. For burgers I got the Kalbi burger, fiance got the Kiki, future-bro-in-law got the Shogun. I think the Kalbi was the best of the three. The Kiki was good but a little too sweet for a burger. Overall, we'll be back for sure, especially for the oxtail friese! See you again next year!
5	Amazing!!! We came here based off other yelp reviews and we are so glad we did! Tried a ronin burger, a spicy miso burger, and a regular angus burger and they were all fantastic! Best burgers we have ever had. They had such nice combinations of flavors with the burgers. For example the spicy miso burger came with Apple vinaigrette, and normally I cannot stand vinaigrette so I got it on the side in case I didn't like it- it complimented the burger so nicely I can see why they had it in on there!Staff was also extremely friendly and helpful as to what to pick and what influenced the different burgers.  Absolutely wonderful and we would definitely come back. We fully agree with the assessment that these are the best burgers in Vegas!!!
2	This place is overhyped.  Yes the food is more than just your regular burgers but for the price I expected better flavors and not just overwhelmed with grease.
2	Overhyped....or people are easily impressed.Let's start off with the service.  The hostess was unorganized and kept fluttering about. There were plenty of open tables but my party of 2 was kept waiting for almost an hour. And then she sat a group of 4 that came in after us.  We were finally sat at a table that had been open for about 20 minutes right next to the people they sat before us. The waitress then came and said she would bring us water, we didn't ask for water but she made the gesture that was never fulfilled until we finally reminded her.  Once we ordered we really didn't see her again until it was time to boot us off the table.  She did make speedy walk bys murming something but she would be gone before we could respond.The food...many tables were ordering the ox tail chili on top of fries with an egg.  Woooooo (sarcasm). From the looks and smell, there is a fry truck that makes a brisket poutine (which this basically was) far better.I ordered a double Angus burger with fried onion rings (tempura style), bacon (because the waitress made excuses as to why they could not add pork belly from their bahns whoch lead to the conclusion that the bahns were premade) and swiss.They also offer waygu (which I suspect is not true or if it is its for those who would ruin a perfectly fine piece of meat and doing the ungodly things they did to their burgers).  Basically they grill their meat, whichever one you ordered and basted the hell out of it with hoison sauce.  Which brings me back to why order a waygu burger and then cover the flavor with a hoison bbq sauce? And my friend got the waygu, it was tough and when I asked how it was he said he liked it. How was the meat? I just taste the sauce.The fries are run of the mill, but you can get the truffle ones for those eaters who succumb to those parlor tricks.In the end Bachi Burger isn't the worst burger joint I have been to, but far from the better ones.  Most people will probably like it (like the group next to us whose buzz words were "waygu" and "truffle oil"), but they also like Ed Hardy shirts, think Mercedes-Benz are awesome cars, and have rocked out to "What Does The Fox Say".
4	Our party ranged in age from 11 to 57 and we were all satisfied.  We stuck to the burgers.  My cocktail was weak tho.
1	I came in with high expectations for this place, especially with all the positive reviews already listed.  I had the shogun burger, which I picked mainly for the foie gras.  It was good, but not $30 dollar good.  The burger itself was on the sweeter side (good or bad depending on your preference), a bit sloppy due to the sheer size of it and its layers, but I did not enjoy the soggy buns.  Unfortunately, the poor service I received here overshadowed the food experience.  I understand restaurants get busy, but there really isn't an excuse for excessive waits and horribly bad service.1)excessive wait to order drinks after we're sat(who is our server?)2)wait an absurd amount of time for drinks 3)wait more to order food because drinks were brought by someone else (where is our server?)4)appetizers finally come out after a long wait, but more annoyingly, having some appetizers come after the main dish because it was forgotten(really?)To top it off, receiving the wrong bill after the poor service was completely aggravating.  Of course we had to wait for our lost server to come back and tell us :)
4	The place is a bit over-hyped but its definitely a great innovative burger joint! The food choices is definitely asian-inspired where it brings multiple cultures mixed together very well. It had a burger with Foie Gras which was pricey but very very well made. They had some burgers with eggs in it which was a huge plus for me as I'm an eggs guy!Their pork belly steam buns was point on and just fantastic! The nacho fries was just over the top!Red Velvet smoothie really tasted like it! I only wished they were generous of the portion especially when it was $5!!The service could have been more attentive, but they were definitely sweethearts making sure we were taken care of when they notice you.
4	Amazing burgers! Enjoyed kalbi burger, miso buger, and Portuguese donuts!! The pork belly buns are yummy too, but I think I've had better at momo fuku! I recommend this place
5	If you want a perfect burger go to BACHI BURGER! The meat, the bun, the fries, the sauces OH EM GEE! Make sure to order the oxtail fries! They are a party on a plate! Service is great and food is phenomenal! My favorite is the spicy miso burger add avocado! So bomb!
4	This place seems crowded at all times, so make sure to schedule extra wait time! We were there around 11:20  for party of 6 and waited about 20 minutes to be seated.The burgers were unique and interesting. I had wagyu burger, and I did not think the beef was better than Angus burger ( but it costs more).  My husband had spicy miso burger (angus) and that was tasty! I will go back there when we have out of town guests because this place is unique. I do not think we will be regulars there though. It is pricey for burgers.
4	Tried this place in June when I came to visit Vegas for a weekend of fun. I was embarking into an awesome food traveling that time around, since all the times I went to Vegas, all I did was party. I found out about this place through Diners, Drive-ins &Dives. Yes, I can watch that all day long. Dont judge. Im a fatty :) Anyway, enough with the intro...Wait was about an hour. It was PACKED. I was guessing it was THAT good, that every Las Vegas partier came here for hangover cure. It was a pain in the butt having to wait outside knowing that it was 1000 degrees outside. Waiting area of the restaurant was tiny, but I managed to squeezed in.Food: Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries- My yelper people were absolutely right about this one. YUM YUM YUM YUM! I would order it again in a heart beat. It was meaty, fries were crispy &flavorful.Pork Buns: It was like the asian tacos. Sweet pork flavor, in a soft fluffy white asian buns. Delicious! Shogun Burger- Had foie gras, unagi &wagyu beef. This burger was okay, but definitely NOT worth $26. Maybe it was because I am not a big fan of foie gras(duck liver), because of the gamey taste, &the burger is a little on the sweeter side. Unagi made the burger a little fishy, but the wagyu beef was good. Banh Mi Burger- Awesome rendition of the Bahn Mi Sandwich. I definitely recommend.Service: It was okay. Waitress couldve been a lil more friendly, but she was preggers from what I remember so I understand that her job could probably be a lil stressful. I cannot wait to travel back to Vegas &try other dishes at this place.
1	Love this place and now combined with great ramen.   So why so low.... 1pm Monday post Xmas week and 35 min wait. BUT. 10 tables of 2+ free and was told they were seating slow to deal with demand.  WTF. If I owned the place I would die.....only 12 people waiting and a wait with open tables????? Thought them to be foodie restaurant .. Leading edge....they gave us a coupon to go to their other restaurant 10 miles away.....Really?Went to Zenshin close by.... Vote with your feet!
4	After learning that Wagyu is the American version of the Japanese Kobe Beef, we ordered the Oxtail Fries and the Miyagi-san Grass Fed Wagyu Burger.  This Asian Fusion burger was great!  I am a sucker for fried eggs on burgers.  Tastes like a fru fru version of Smashburger.  Pretty pricey for a burger but a must try!  Oxtail fries had a tangy bbq taste and very filling.  I only ate 1/2 of the order since it is a large portion.
5	The Ronin is absolutely delicious! All of their fries are amazing. My friends and I are from Reno and tried this place out in June this year. We're still talking about how amazing their burgers are. The wait was long, about an hour. We decided to wait and it was well worth it. We are planning a trip to Vegas next month and the fist place we will visit is Bachi Burger!
4	It's not a place to sit around for a long conversation just eat and get out. On Sunday's it's a long wait, and they don't take reservations , be considerate of others theres people waiting to grub as well. Don't just lounge like you have no place to be. Melissa our server she's friendly and quick with suggestions seeing that we were struggling to find something appropriate for my 4 year old and two year old. The meat patty flavorful and juicy but we didn't care for the burger bun it too soft like a texture of sweet Hawaiian rolls. All my 5 kids removed the buns and just ate the meat patties. We love the sweet potatoes fries with garlic and oxtail the flavor reminded me of chili fries
3	Everyone was raving about the oxtail chili cheese fries but it just tasted like a regular chili cheese fries with an egg on top. Nothing extravagant. But the fries itself was pretty good. I originally ordered the Kiki's burger and my husband ordered the Miyagi Wagyu burger but then I totally changed my mind so we switched burgers. I personally like the Miyagi burger better. It reminded me of the Manly burger at Umami burger. And my husband says he liked the Kiki's burger better so I guess it all worked out. I'm giving it a 3 stars because their food is really yummy but it's also expensive. Also this is the first place in Vegas that has decent boba. I've searched long and hard for boba places that can give me almost the same thing I had in California and this place came pretty close. The only problem is, like I said, it's expensive. And such small portions. But I mean overall I'd still eat here again.
3	Sometimes the employees of an establishment set the tone for the entire experience. The hostess with a tattoo of lips on one side of her neck and a diamond on the other side was so rude! I couldn't believe how disrespectful she was towards us customers. Maybe she should be working in the kitchen doing dishes instead of welcoming customers. It's a good thing the food was good. Otherwise, I'd definitely not recommend this place. The food was good; a bit overly rated in my opinion. The oxtail chili cheese fries was weird. The chili was sweet. The calamari was bomb. I had the spicy miso burger which was really good. My friends had the miyagi sans and said it was ok. My other friend had the Kiki burger and she said it tasted like any other burger, nothing special. Overall, glad we tried it out. Don't think we'll be returning.
2	We had the Shogun burger, salt and pepper garlic fries, and chili fried chicken. Shogun burger was just okay. It was very plain, and came with a little plum of some sort which did little to enhance the dish. The flavors were not at all complimentary. There was nothing that stood out about the meal AND you have to order your fries separately.I ordered the salt and pepper garlic fries because I love garlic and expected the salt and pepper to add a little kick. Ok...there was no garlic but there was a generous amount of ginger, which I really didn't expect. It was also under seasoned with salt and pepper. My chili fried chicken was extremely salty. On the salty scale of one to 10, it was at an 8. They were also not as crispy as much as they were soggy and oily. Overall I was disappointed. I heard about this place on Diners, Drive-In, and Dives. That being said, I wasn't expecting to be blown away but I certainly expected a decent meal.
2	Went here on 1/3/15 at 7:15 pm. The burgers were good, but the service was awful as usual. The hostess is always frazzled, and tries her best to discourage customers by telling them "it will be over an hour wait, and then it will take over an hour to get your food. We have another location in Summerlin, you should go there instead." She went through this song and dance with me and several other customers who had to interrupt her narrative and ask her to simply place our names on the waitlist. She was irritated by this and it showed.We go to Bachi for the unique burger combinations, but the customer service needs an overhaul...perhaps a new hostess with customer service skills would help. I don't know if we'll return. Too many other burger places to try out that actually WANT customers in their restaurant. If you go here, try the oxtail fries, Burgers (shogun, miso, calbee), bachi fish.
1	What a sad state of affairs to experience at a place I held at such high regard for so many years. I think the concentration of combining two restaurants into one, along with hiring trendy people with fully tattooed arms,  men that have ponytails and handlebar mustaches has definitely gone to this pathetic crews head of what service really is. With a total of four tables being served I waited 10 minutes to see by a girl who "was heading outside anyway". To sitting at a table where I have to get my own napkins this was about as pathetic as one could get. Now on to the food... wanting something light I have always been a fan of brussel sprouts and fried rice. If you cannot execute the food do not serve the damn food! Burnt to a crisp this brussel sprouts were absolutely atrocious. The fried rice was so laden in fat as well as lacking of  fundamental seasoning.I know this restaurant pulled its claim to fame with unique flavor combinations and being on the Food Network. If it keeps on the path it's going it will be back on the Food Network only with Robert Irvine and Restaurant Impossible tried to save this disaster!
4	Burgers were top-notch.  The fries with truffle oil were awesome too.  Also tried their ramen, however, wasn't too impressed.  Stick to the burgers!Oh and there is ALWAYS a wait...
4	Burgers are excellent. I've tried almost all of the burgers. My go to items are the Ronin, Kiki, duck or pork belly steamed bao sandwiches, salt and pepper fries and oxtail chili cheese fries. If you're ordering the Shogun burger, I'd recommend sharing it, if you can. It's a great burger but it can feel heavy and rich. I can only have half before I get sick of eating it. Service is great. Everyone is friendly, even though they sometimes look like they're overwhelmed. I always look forward to coming back here when I'm in Vegas.
5	Creative Asian twist on the burger.  Amazing flavors.  I've been here several times as I live close to the location on Windmill Ave.  Warning: this place is always packed full of people.  I suggest going right when it opens or at 3pm on a weekday.
