5	The original location, and truly a magical sandwich.   Italian bread, fresh. Topped with vinegar and black pepper cole slaw Topped with whatever meat you desire, grilled up hot.   Topped with a handfull of fresh cut french fries.   Topped off with provolone cheese.   TO DIE FOR!!!  This is the Pittsburgh Institution and quite possibly what the city should be known for.  Back in the college days, we used to show up at 3am to get one of these sandwiches so drunk we were seeing quadruple yet when we woke up we felt fine.  Remarkable.
5	Stuck in Pittsburgh overnight at some crappy business hotel?  Live a little!  Flip off the tube, put on some non-descript clothes, get a cab, and tell the cabbie to take you to Primanti's in the Strip downtown.  The original Primanti's is open 24 hours and serving up their signature sandwiches with the fries and vinegar-pepper coleslaw IN the sandwich.  These are among the best sandwiches I've ever had, anywhere, period, and I say that as a Clevelander who would normally die before praising anything about this town.  Fries in the sandwich make it special but everything about these sandwiches are scrumptious.  I love the classic corned beef verions but I also like it with  ham, fried egg, cheese, the fries, and of course the cole slaw.  I love this part of Pittsburgh and try to get a Primanti every time I come to the Steel City.
5	It's a pittsburgh MUST - excellent for a midnight run. And it has a ton of good beers on tap. Fresh italian bread with whatever meat you want + coleslaw+fries. When I say "+" it means they smack it all into your tiny little sandwich. They are extremely generous with the fries so you may want to tell them to put less in.
5	I'm always a fan of food that can't be found anywhere else.  This restaurant has such food with their killer sandwiches.  A must like getting deep dish pizza in Chicago.
5	This bar IS Pittsburgh.Notice the mural on the wall as you walk in, the smell of grease from the mounds of fry cut fries and listen to the sizzle of the grill as hundreds of meat laden sanwiches are being carefully combined with coleslaw and fries.Oh, the pure pittsburgh goodness of a Primanti Brothers sandwich.
5	Picture the food pyramid in your head. The original one size fits all version that they used to teach kids. Now imagine someone with the culinary audacity combine all of those elements into one meal and you would get one of the Primanti Brother's famous sandwiches.Heaping mounds of meat layered with fresh cut french fries, tomatoes, and topped off with cole slaw all on delicious freshly baked bread.  A definite must when you are in Pittsburgh
5	I'd driven up to Pittsburgh with some friends for a punk/rock show. That night we lived it up to some raw quality music . Afterwards, since it was around St. Patrick's day we  cruised the frat parties - stumbling along the Pitt campus, looking for the most obnoxious partying scene to join - cat fights, flashing, and belligerent green painted guys  -all major pluses. After finding "the one" my friends spent the night attempting to play beer pong with brawny guys. One green beer after another....one high five after another...one spill after another....one "hey, watch those hands" after another.....it all came to a finale  - as my friend turned to me - his face matching the color of his beer and nodded. I understood. I grabbed my other friend, and we tripped over cups and half naked girls to the still snow covered ground outside - and painted it with our St. Patrick's day Guinnesses. YUCK. I was done......The next morning - I was miserable. My friends were already all packed to go, both obviously lacking livers . I was in no such shape. I needed something before I could move, not to mention that all my clothes were ruined from the night before. The guy, who had put us up for the night, also out of laundry - provided some tiny running shorts, and someone  lent me some shoes (even my shoes were in horrible shape).   "take these....just go to Primanti's - you'll be fine in a few...." I didn't care what Primanti's was - I just wanted to die. But my friends nodded. "Yeah jess - get dressed - we're going to go to Primanti's."And so...reluctantly....I put on an absurd outfit in the middle of freezing winter - white legs and all, and climbed into the car to Primanti's.I kept on complaining, in between nauseousness that everyone would stare at my outfit in the middle of the winter weather. "no Permanti's is cool - they've seen everything."  They weren't messing around - within 20 minutes of a slowly eaten - to die for sandwich topped with french fries, fresh coleslaw, hot sauce, provolone cheese, and amazing thinly sliced turkey and Italian Bread....my stomach had settled and I was able to produce a slight smile."no lie - this is the best sandwich I've had in awhile...I can't even taste the beer anymore."And better yet, no one even flinched as I trudged out in my short shorts and clown shoes. Everyone was too engrossed in their sandwiches and discussing their crazy nights to care. Permanti's really is one of the best cure-alls for headache and nausea hell.
4	You can't go to the 'burgh without getting one of these, legendary for clogging arteries and late night tv appearances. Veggies don't fear, they can satisfy you as well. Very fun spot.
3	Oh man...how do a reviw a place that does something very unique, yet is somewhat gross, yet, tasty, but original.I ventured over to the burgh fo a few days and everyone mentioned this place to me, but when hanging out with them, they wanted to go somewhere else to eat...so, the last day, i ventured over here solo and got a dose of one mega sandwich.The rustic, diner like environment gave me a taste of what to expect, but man was i wrong.Upon ordering the waiters quickly sid, whadaya want!I went with the pastromi and she quicly threw a few slabs on the grill, topped with cheese. As she prepped that one, I saw the finishing touches of some other orders.OH MY GOSH ThoSE ARE HUGE.2 thick slices of bread, greasy meat with cheese though tasty...then samshed on top were thick layers of french fried and a nice does of cole slaw!!this monster was probably 6-7 inches tall.....Many newbies remarked, how are we suppose to eat this, and they just said "smash it down and enjoy"I'd love to give this place a 5 for uniqueness, but it is not something I'd go to everyday, nor even weekely. It's more of a "damn, you have to give it a try" place.Throw some hot sauce of an egg to give it a good mix of flavor.I give it a 3 mainly cause my style of food is the type I can eat a few times a week. This place is great, but after the first time, your like, uhggg, i feel ill, but love it.
5	If I were on death row and asked what I wanted for my last meal, it would definitely be a Primanti Bros sandwich. I've been going to Primanti Bros for years and whenever I come back to Da Burgh, I always stop here.You don't go here for the decor or atmosphere. You go for the most unique sandwich this side of the Mississippi. When deciding on a sandwich go for the Kolbassi -- you won't be disappointed. Yes, its greasy. Yes, its a gut bomb. and Yes, it will be the best sandwich you've had in LONG time.  No person can truly say they've been to Pittsburgh until they've been to Primanti Bros and washed it all down with an Iron City.
4	you've never been to Pittsburgh if yunz havent ate here! it's a  Pittsburgh landmark....the fries the best, a sandwich with coleslaw, phenomenal!!!! p.s vinegar and fries!!! try it!!!
4	I was born & raised in Pittsburgh & when I finally was able to move away 23 years later I never once looked back or felt the tiniest twinge of regret.BUT......there is one thing I very much truly miss, and that is a hot sausage sandwich from Primanti's.  My boyfriend happily left Pittsburgh to join me in Philadelphia as well, but Primanti's is the one Pittsburgh topic that is continually brought up between us when is comes to fond memories of the Steel City.A huge freakin' sandwich with french fries and cole slaw.  I know, I know...I thought it was disgusting at first too, but it is truly some amazing sandwich. Oh, what I would give for a Primanti's to pop up in Philadelphia.  C'mon, anyone from Primanti's reading this?  I think you guys would be a huge success on South Street or in Old City!  *wink wink*  Give us a try!  ;)I would have given 5 stars, but while I was in visiting over Thanksgiving I treated myself to my hot sausage fave, and it was sadly not as good as I remembered it (but still pretty damn fantastic!)
5	I got a triple-cheese Primanto Bros sandwichYum, the fries are really good. The coleslaw is sweet. And they are both in your sandwich!They sell something like a "cheese boat" with fries around melty cheese that looks scary. Also, sixpacks of beer.
2	Oh man. maybe i had a bit too much to drink the night before i went here, but it's totally an interesting idea: a nice melty ham and cheese sandwich with fries IN THE SANDWICH. this would be excellent. but they go a bit too far... they slather a big mound of coleslaw in there too. slaw gives me a bad case of the mouth sweats. fries were soggy, probably because of the slaw. perhaps i am not made for these eats.
5	A legendary Pittsburgh hot spot. Picture this.  A sandwich with tomatoes, fries, coleslaw and your favorite choice of meat. Choose from ham, turkey, roast beef, chicken or from one of the countless sandwich choices on the menu. My favorite is the steak and cheese. This is definitely a spot to hit up when you're in the 'burgh, you won't be disappointed.
4	French fries INSIDE my sandwich...what's not to love about that?  Ate here while visiting the Burgh and it was so obnoxiously yummy.  These huge amazing sandwiches are messy and hard to pick up, but they are worth the 1000 napkins you'll go through.  Have one with the meat of your choice and a bottle of Yuengling and you are in business.
4	I used to go here in my university days. The food is pretty good and it's open 24 hours. A good place for a late night snack. The Pittsburgher and pastrami were my favorites. I went to one in Ft. Lauderdale recently and it was a total blast from the past. You can read my dish reviews at http://www.dishadish.com/restaurant/26845-Primanti+Brothers.
3	It's a big sandwich with the fries and slaw thrown in. It's big on volume, but not as big on flavor. It was interesting to eat though. If you're in the area you gotta try it at least once. Otherwise I'd head out for something with a little more flavor.BTW, seat yourself and then the waiter will come to you, not the other way around.
2	In theory, I thought Primanti's would be amazing. French fries on your sandwich? How could anyone say no to that? And then I went. Soggy grease laden fries on white bread with coleslaw and your choice of meat served up with a bad attitude. The one thing I will say for Primanti's is that I got fooled into eating it, and now I carry on the tradition of fooling Pgh newcomers into trying it. So, at the very least, it affords you a good 10 minutes of entertainment watching your friends work to get through a whole sandwich.And the bread it comes on is actually quite nice before it falls to pieces.And apparently this is the best hangover cure ever. You should go once for a popular local experience. And maybe you'll love it. But you may not ever want to go again. Until a good friend comes into town.
2	I'm convinced everyone who gave this place a 4 star or higher was completely DRUNK OFF their ASS when eating at this place...  i mean it just one of those places where you have to check out because you are visiting Pittsburgh... so only come here if your are tot tally F Up and need some of the night food.
5	The exact reason why some people don't like this place is precisely why I love it.  1) They put fries and coleslaw on your sandwich.  Awesome.  2) They serve everything with cheese. 3) They have really good beer choices, including their house dark which isn't bad for $2 a pint, which is ridiculous.  Pittsburgh is not a healthy town.  The salad craze hasn't made it's way here.  And therefore I love it.  Give me a big ass tasty sandwich, with good, cheap beer and you have made me a happy man.  I loved this place.  I'd totally come back when I'm in town next.
3	My initial introduction to Primanti's began about a year ago with everyone insisting, "You have to go to primanti's! They make these amazing sandwiches piled with french fries and cole slaw. It's a Pittsburgh institution!!"  Well, to be honest, they said the one thing that will keep me miles away from any peice of food - cole slaw or more particularly a cabbage product. Trust me, if I don't want to be around myself when cabbage is in my stomach, no one else does.My actual first visit to Primanti's was just last week. After spending a night out with the guys, we decided we needed some grub. We were at Smallville's, only a few doors down from the strip district Primanti's which I believe is the original. The bars had just closed. The streets were littered with the scantily clad and utterly drunk. I was neither drunk nor scantily clad!The place was packed with a ring side view of a man sweating over a hot grill and smushing fries and coleslaw with his hands onto said sandwich. And then another guy smushing and cutting the pile of intestine turning "staples" and handing them across the bar to the awaiting group. This is not the place for the timid. While not typically timid, my mindset viewed Primanti's (at 2:00 am when swamped with drunken masses) as a sort of "soup-nazi" mentality on ordering. While my friends insisted I could order a sandwich sans-cole slaw - something about the whole grilling, smushing, and well...smushing really. . .just did not intice me. And beyond that, I fears a random riot or glare of disgruntlement from the cook who was indeed "on a roll" with his quickly produced orders. When we ordered there were over 10 orders on the grill that were completed (WITH COLE SLAW) while we waited in line. The numbers were not letting up, people were coming in behind us...On the other hand, they did have chili fries on the menu. Never one to turn down chili fries, I gave my friend some money and stood back while he went to order.  He was told he can only order french fries on the other side of the store (the bar side which was packed with drinkers and diners). He goes over there, to the bartender he knows no less, and was summarily told that there were three people ahead of us for chili fry orders. . .in the "don't bother" mentality. They wouldn't take his order or his money essentially. Honestly, I was sober, I could have waited but at the same time - if the state of the front grill was telling - I didn't want to know why making an order of chili fries in the back may be too time consuming for me to bother. Bucket of chili, fries, smush smush...how hard can THAT be.So while I can see Primanti's for its historical/regional value (and I am sure if sampled drunk. . .no wait. . .my stomach just isn't that strong. . .), it's definitely not for the weak of heart or stomach. On par with the cheese steak legions in Philadelphia, its definitely worth experiencing.  And everyone who could stomach it (primarily men, I believe I was outnumbered almost 1 to 7 there) live and die by this food. So for that reason, I give a rather nuetral 3 stars...I would definitely take someone there, but I am not sure I will ever eat anything myself.
2	Wanted to see why the reviews are so high for this place.  I have to say it was an experience to try at least once while visiting Pittsburgh.  We sat at the counter and that was a fun to eat there.  We shared a Pastrami sandwich and I thought the meat portions were small, mostly cold slaw and fries in your sandwich.  The pastrami was average and I would have liked more of that then the other items.  It was a big sandwich and enough for us.  We didn't have to order any fries, but we forgot it was in the sandwich.  The fries could be crisper and I thought they were tasty, but too soft for me.Overall, I say go there once to experience it.  There's not a lot of attention from the staff, bc the place is so busy.  I don't need to go back.   If you miss getting a chance to eat there.....then catch it the next time you visit, not a must to visit.
2	I don't get what all the fuss is about.People rave about this place, it has been on the Food Network, and it's just all around famous.  I'm not sure why.I went there twice while I lived in Pittsburgh and was completely disappointed both times.  It looks and feels like exactly the kind of place I normally like, but the food just isn't good.  The sandwiches are totally greasy and bland.  The fries are soggy and the bread tastes like nothing and is cut way too thick.I dunno.  Maybe you just have to be really drunk to enjoy it.
5	Primanti's is a Pittsburgh institution.  The Primanti's Sandwich is an absolutely disgustingly huge sandwich with french fries inside.  But boy is it great!  Take a day off your healthy ways and go there, open your mind and enjoy!!  (and if hungover or looking for food after the bars ... this is your place)
4	First trip to Pittsburgh last weekend, and first trip to Primanti Brothers. This place is a legend so it's worth the trip just for that. The sandwiches aren't bad either. Huge! I had the capicolla with cheese, and the requisite fries and cole slaw on the sandwich. The fries were pretty soggy and I ended up taking most of them off just so I could manage to eat the sandwich without it falling apart. Our friend the PA hometown boy had fun showing us the ropes. You stand in line at a chaotic counter, pick your sandwich, and you're on your way pretty quickly if you're carrying out (which we were.) There's table seating too but the servers were dealing with a post-last-call crowd and we didn't feel like waiting. We ended up in the place after a night out and it's fun to see so many people hanging out and eating freakishly large sandwiches at 3 a.m. I'd do it again in a minute. I don't know if I'd be convinced to try the egg on it, but I'd go for a corned beef...Capicolla was yummy, though, and so was the bread.
3	Ive got to think I shed at least a few years off my life with this sandwich!I was told when in Pittsburgh, you have to have a Primanti Brothers sammy...so I did. It was good. I'm not sure it was great, but I don't require eggs and french fries on my sandwich. I think the fact that since it's the thing to eat it  slightly better.
4	First time to Primanti Brothers.I ordered Pitts-Burgher Cheese Steak Sandwich at lunch time.It was huge sandwich and difference between the other sandwich shop was fries are inside of your sandwich.Also taste of salad inside of your sandwich was little sour to me.If you want to experience different taste for sandwich, I strongly recommend Primanti Brothers.I will stop by Primanti Brothers for next trip again.
3	I do not eat cole slaw but it is really the element that makes these sandwiches.  They aren't full of a lot of flavor but the combined ingredients are tasty.
3	Stacked tall and wide with your choice meat/fish/poutry along with their signature coleslaw, tomatoes, fries (yes, fries in the sandwich), & cheese, & cheese, & cheese (when you see the menu you'll get the joke) they are not particularly attractive, definitely not healthy, and no easy feat for a dainty gal to wrap her lips around. ;)  But, they are to da 'Burgh what Cheese Steaks are to Philly so if you find yourself in Pittsburgh you ought to stop by Primanti Brothers for one of their 'almost famous' sandwiches, if only to say you had one.  (Especially if you have post East Carson Street pub crawl munchies.  Their South Side location is open till 2am).You'll want to handle one of these quickly - they tend to go a little limp as the bread and fries get soggy from the slaw.  Generally speaking, they are a bit much for me between the bread and fries.  Not to mention, I prefer my sides on the side, but to do so at Primanti Brothers - it just ain't right.
2	I don't get it. Why is this place famous? Because they put gross, soggy fries on their bland tasting subs? The food here just doesn't even come close to matching the hype.Even when I was drunk as hell, I found that a hot, fresh sausage sandwich right off the grill from one of the street vendors was much more satisfying than one of Primanti Bros' greasy, flavorless subs.If you want to eat at a famous Pittsburgh institution, go get a hot dog and fries at The Original. Granted, you might get shot, but, hey, it's worth the risk.
5	You wouldn't think that fries on a sandwich would be good, would it be greasy, no way--- the best damn sandwich you'll find, I get Capicola, which is far from greasy. Great bar, totally Pittsburgh.
1	So what if this place has been around for a while.  The food is terrible.  The only "logical" reason for coming here is if you are ridiculously wasted.  And I don't mean drunk, I mean you forgot your name and you are feeling pretty hungry, so you stumble in.  Other than that, there is no excuse for eating here.  You are simply wasting your money.
2	I came here after seeing it on the Food channel. The pastrami sandwich was bland and it was difficult to eat with the soggy fries and unseasoned cole slaw. Overall, I would definitely not return.
4	I love Primanti's, I take all visitors to this restaurant, it's the original!You can't go wrong with the ham & cheese.  Sometimes I mix it up and go with the double egg.  I don't recommend the steak, my dad said it was like eating a hockey puck.  But the Italian bread is fresh, the slaw is crunchy, the fries are perfect, and the Iron City is cold!If you go on a Saturday, be prepared to wait.  To me it's worth it.  Also, don't expect good service, to me, that's just part of the experience.
4	When I think of Pittsburgh I think of two amazing things. Andy Warhol and Primanti Brothers. Even a vegetarian eating here can feel his arteries clogging from these ridiculously tasty concoctions. Cole slaw and fries on a sandwich! Amazing! I don't believe you will have lived until you have had one of these sandwiches.
3	Cole slaw on my sandwich? Fries on my sandwich too? They serve beer here?All these questions and more went through my head my first time taking a trip to Primanti's Brothers during my freshman year of college. The famous sandwich there, the steak and cheese with fries and cole slaw is just OK, but the capicola with cheese is AMAZING. I get one every time I go to a Pirates game and anytime we make a trip to the Strip District. Service is cocky and arrogant, but hell, its supposed to be. Its all part of the experience. Each shop, especially this one (the original), looks like a dive, and again part of the experience.Basically, you have not truly visited Pittsburgh until you get one.
1	I just don't get it.........but I respect those who do. French fries and cole slaw don't belong two thick pieces of bread with 8 pounds of meat. Count me out.
5	Every great American city, has places you must go to that are practically institutions. Primanti's is one of those places. I first learned about Primanti's while watching a show on the Food Network that highlighted famous food joints around the country. While I was visiting a friend in Pittsburgh a few years back, we made the trip to Primanti's. Due to their huge popularity in Pittsburgh, they now have multiple locations, they're even in PNC Park. We made sure to go to the original Primanti's. Nothing really complicated here. They serve basically sandwiches, but with a twist. Rather than have your fries, coleslaw and sandwich separate, they bring it all together within the sandwich. Naturally, you don't need to order of wings or onion rings with your sandwich. One sandwich will fill you up. Despite the fact tourists frequent the place, Primanti's has the feel of a neighborhood hangout. The waiter service was great. The wait for our sandwiches wasn't too long. They have beer on tap, mostly domestic. The pastrami sandwich I ordered did not disappoint. Not too fatty. The bread was just right. If I visit Pittsburgh again, I am going to make another stop at Primanti's.
4	A lot of times, superior experiences will immediately hit you over the head with how awesome they are. You knew after the first time that you beat Super Mario Brothers or touched a boob that something pretty spectacular had just happened. Primanti Bros wasn't quite like that. I saw the sandwich on TV and built expectations up insanely high. Upon arrival, we noted that the restaurant itself had a pretty cool set-up with the long diner-style counter... they served beer... they had plenty of hot sauce... all great news. But the cheesesteak was... different. The meat was more like a run-of-the-mill hamburger puck, though on great bread with a variety of glorious non-traditional toppings. The fries were a spectaular sandwich addition, and the slaw was not at all like the usual gag-inducing mayo-heavy concoction. There was a whirlwind of emotions and analysis as the sandwich and my expectations came to terms, then it all sunk in-- it was damn good!!-- and by that point it was gone. I had another each night for three nights, and by the end of the third, I was furious that I had to leave Pittsburgh. I had only tried the cheesesteak and there were so many other sandwiches to try! The cheesesteak was great, however-- a real trendsetter. Sure, the Southside Slopes at Fat Heads is a phenomenal sandwich, but you couldn't enjoy one every day like you could a Primanti Bros sandwich, and that's part of the charm. The other part is that you can't get these sandwiches anywhere else (outside of Ft. Lauderdale, but who's keeping track?). That makes for one damn charming sandwich experience. Bon apetit.
4	It seems that a sandwich here is something you either get or don't get.  I feel fortunate that I get it, and will now be craving a Primanti Bro's sandwich at least once a week for the rest of my life.  Unfortunately I live 4 hours away so those cravings will go unsatisfied.  A pastrami sandwich with a fried egg on top yielded an amazing 5 minutes of my life that I will forever look back on and cherish.  The fries could have been crispier and the server was kind of a weenie, but that wasn't enough to take away from pure sandwich euphoria.
5	The concept of a gigantic sandwich piled high with coleslaw and fries sounded absolutely disgusting to me and i really wasn't sold on the concept.  And i really didn't get it until i took that amazing first bite of my "cheese steak" (I use this word loosely.  It really is more like a burger).  Who could have thought it'd be so tasty!  I was scared that i wouldn't be able to get it in my mouth, but the nice soft bread made it possible.  Each part of the sandwich was good by itself.  The coleslaw was very tangy but also sweet and the fries were very tasty.   Overall it ended up being a fantastic experience and something i will crave frequently.
4	This is the original Primanti Brothers though not my favorite. It is the best one to see a wide variety of Pittsburghers eating lunch. Last time I was there, I sat at the bar surrounded by general contractors and guys in suits. It's a nice bar and a surprisingly large area for eating inside. The sandwiches come quick and cheap as is to be expected. The wonder of a Primanti Brothers sandwich hinges on the great white bread, vinegary coleslaw, and hand-cut fries stacked high. I recommend the sweet sausage sandwich - though it's definitely one of the messiest.
5	Dudez.I went to school in Pittsburgh and how did I never go here?  After admitting that, I can say that this place is crazy good.  I now live in San Francisco and a couple of schmo's from Pitt came out here and opened up a clone store.  NOWHERE near as good, prices are hella high, but it's SF so what can you expect...everything is stupidly priced.  I don't mind the price but at least get the sandwich down.Fries and slaw on a sandwich? What? Oh hell yeah it's good.  I love the keilbasa sandwich.  Best of the best in my opinion.  Why else would they have been featured in Esquire?http://www.esquire.com/features/food-drink/sandwichesBring it!
3	The idea of a sandwich with fries on it is great, and the prices are good, but I was a little disappointed by the actual quality of the sandwich.  They're definitely cutting costs by putting minimal meat on the sandwiches, and they're not using good meat, either.  (I had the corned beef; some of the other meats might be good.  Personally, I want to try the sardine sandwich just to say that I ate it.)On the plus side, the slaw is really good - nice and tangy.  It's better than most of what I had in the South where they take great pride in their slaws.Again, this is another Pittsburgh place that doesn't take credit cards.  You're directed to an ATM in the foyer; can anyone else tell that the not-taking-cards thing here is really starting to annoy me?
4	Apparently the quintessential Pittsburgh eatery... a reputation it deserves. I rented a car just to drive here from the airport on my 3 hour layover, and it was worth it! It will be unusual for non-locals, but grab a seat at the counter and watch them pile on handfuls of coleslaw and fries onto each sandwich. I had a capicola/cheese sandwich that was out of this world. I had to try the chili fries too, and it can feed a 2 people easily.... above-average.One warning: finding street parking will be difficult.
4	I ate at the Strip location in the 80's while in college.Have waited 20 years or so to be able to go back.I've also visited the Cranberry location several times over the last few years while visiting the in-laws.  Good - but not the same as the Strip.This time we visited over the Veteran's Day holiday.  Peak lunch time on a Friday afternoon.A bit hard to find (since we hadn't been there in 20yrs) and parking was a bit of a nightmare.  But it worked out.The place is larger than I remembered.  We sat in the dining room to the left of the entrance.  I don't remember that being there in the 80's.Food was excellent.  Love the fries!  Love the sandwich with fries & slaw.Highly recommend checking out this location.
5	Known for their sandwiches with meat,french fries, and cole slaw stuffed between two slices of Italian bread, Primanti Brothers is a Pittsburgh institution.  I ordered the cheesesteak sandwich, the #2 seller according to the menu.  I'll let you figure out on your own what's #1.At the first bite, it was a multitude of emotions at the same time.  The warm crispiness of the french fries, the crunch and cool sweetness of the cole slaw and the meatiness of the cheesesteak (which more like a beef patty).  And what amazed me was that the sandwich stayed intact after taking the bite, no debris has fallen off.  It's definitely a combo meal in one hand!It's an amazing sandwich, one of the best I've ever have.  You should definitely stop by there whenever you're in Pittsburgh.
4	A Pittsburgh staple!  Nothing beats a sandwhich topped with French Fries and Coleslaw.  Great for late night too
3	I'm sucker any time chili cheese fries are listed on the menu at a mom n' pop type joint.  Just thinking about it now is making me drool.... I keep searching for that perfect place, the one exactly like Red Hot Lovers in Ann Arbor but preferable would be mobile enough to follow me wherever I go so that when I get a craving I can just pop in.The fries were good.  The chili was good but they were a bit stingy.  The thing that ruined it for me was that they used the fake velveeta cheese, the kind that never solidifies.  Oh Red Hot Lovers!  I miss you!As for their sandwiches, I liked the fries and coleslaw combination.  Hot salty fries with cool vinegary coleslaw.  Yum.  However, given the ratio of fries (huge) compared to coleslaw and sandwich filling (pastrami & cheese w/ egg), sometimes it just tasted like a bland french fry sandwich.  When the combination in my bite was just right, it was fabulous, but they could work a little more on the ratios so it's not quite so potatoey.  Prob wouldn't be such a big deal if the potatoes weren't a little bland (yes, there are tasty potatoes but not in the 20 lb costco bags).  Def the hot sauce at the table helped a lot with the potatoes.It's also a very messy sandwich.  Prob due to the cheap white bread.But on the other hand it's also very large and you can share a sandwich and get a humongous dill pickle.
4	Primanti's is to Pittsburgh as Pat's King of Steaks is to Philly - an icon, a novelty, a must try, and a quintessentiially hometown institution.  Ah, but how's the food?  My view: good food and great value.I've been to this location (their flagship and the original) as well as the Steubenville Pike one.  I don't know if it's true for their other locations, but these two are very comparable.  So this review constitutes my take on both.  This is bar food - greasy, flavorful, unpretentious, messy, and great with beer (though not Iron City Light - Yuck!).  The decor is pure Steeltown sports tribute,  heavy on Steelers and Pens, but nary a Pirate (I wonder why. It's not the Bucs' fault that MLB's economics make it impossible for small markets to compete, and the Pirates were GREAT before the Yanks and Sox started ruining baseball by outspending every other team).  Putting the fries and slaw right on the sandwich is fine with me, because the sandwich basically disintegrates after your first savory bite.  I suppose those who complain about the fries on the sandwich probably wanted to drown them in ketchup anyway.  The Italian bread is thick and soft; I've never been here and had it stale (despite some of the other reviewers' comments).  I do miss the knockwurst, but there's still a good array of choices.Again, I think the prices are good and the food is a high quality bargain.  Well, maybe not the wings at the Steubenville location - I think $4 for 5 wings is a bit too much, but maybe that's the Western New Yorker in me talking.  Oh, and the chili was good (with onions and cheddar added), but not of the 5 alarm variety.  All joking about IC Light aside, their draft selection is solid - lots of variety.  This is a great place to watch a game, strap on the feedbag after a night on the town, or sample an authentic Pittsburgh institution.
2	Visiting relatives in Pittsburgh, I was told this was a must try.  For me, not so much.  I guess if you like greasy food that's all clumped together, ok.  Basically, it's meat, french fries, tomatoes and cole slaw piled btw two slices of italian bread.  While many have said it's huge, and yes it is, at first glance, it's mainly bc there are so many french fries in it, my corned beef was a bit skimpy on the actual meat.  The others I was with enjoyed it, but yeah, grease really wasn't what I was looking for.I didn't expect to have a warm reception but our server was definitely on the rude side, I know you've probably had a long day, but hello, this is your job, try a little.Cash only.  Most sandwiches were priced btw $6-7.
4	A tourist vegetarian's view on primanti's: Grubbing! I had the egg & cheese sandwich with an iron city beer and enjoyed my entire experience (including the styrofoam cups, wax paper plates, and garbage behind my chair to throw it all away in).  The sandwich is big, messy to eat, full of different flavors, and even better with some red hot sauce.  Primanti's is open 24 hours, they have a TV with whatever game is on (yes I have noticed people in pittsburgh love their teams), and the food is fast, unpretentious, and satisfying (loads better than any other long hours-fast food-chain-type place).  I have to agree with what I was told...no trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a visit to Primanti's & some Iron City beer.
4	Dude! These are huge. I was skeptical at first these would taste any good, but they did. I still tell people about this sandwich.The drinks are strong and super cheap. I'm in love...
5	My favorite restaurant in the country -- a little bit because of nostalgia, mostly because the sandwiches are Frick Park'n good.I make sure we fit it in everytime we have a trip back to Pittsburgh.  I don't remember being a huge fan when I first went as a kid, asking them to hold on the coleslaw but it grows on you for sure.I always get the roast beef.
5	Ugh! I LOVE this place. These sandwiches are the best, the place is always packed, and it really is one of the best places to eat in Pittsburgh. Truly an experience that shouldn't be missed!
4	finally had the opportunity to visit the legend.Sandwich= Pastrami and Cheese. Very Large and delicious...Service= Left quite a bit to be desired. A friend ordered a drink from the bar and the barmaid was totally clueless. Amazed that they would hire someone like this.overall a great experience.GO STEELERS!
5	This is the Pittsburgh native's Mecca.  We all at one point in our lives must make the trip to the Strip district, wait in a really long line, and have an amazing sandwich which is part of our heritage.  When it is something you have had all of your life, you can't disparage it by giving the restaurant less than 5 stars.  So why are some of the reviews 1 star and 2 stars?  I guess some foodies expect a Tom Colicchio quality sandwich for the whopping $4.95 they are forking over.  I think you can only expect so much in way of presentation at this price point and need to reflect on the heritage of this fine institution and the part it plays in Pittsburgh culture.
3	Not as good as I expected, but they do give you pretty large portions.
4	Primanti's is Pittsburgh in sandwich form. it embodies all that would help one get what it means to be in pittsburgh, through a bite of the sandwich. I'm not kidding. as most things you do in pittsburgh, it goes well with iron city beer or any beer at that. the sandwiches have fries, tomatoes and slaw on it. and its yummy. the chili cheese fries are just greasy yummy. straight off, i'm a bit of a food snob. but i respect food that has somehow been able to help you understand the city's history and the people. i would suggest having a primantis at the end of the night of going out, or right before you go and do some sight seeing of the city. this city has an amazing character and great history in the hard working men and women. and primantis is what these people eat. go steelers.
3	So I found myself in Pittsburgh last weekend visiting an ex who was in town working at the Pittsburgh Auto Show. I recalled seeing a famous Pitt sandwich shop on Food TV and did a little research. I found that the original Primanti Bros. was down on 18th and decided to take a walk down from the Westin for lunch. I took the approx 15 min walk down Penn Ave and finally found the restaurant around a corner in what turned out to be the "Strip district". The Strip was crowded, grungy, ugly, and full of cheap ($3 & $5) Steelers shirts and "Terrible Towels". Something about terrible towels irritates me to no end (and Steelers fans in general, maybe because I had a roommate for a bit who was a total jackass and loved them...and I'm a Pats fan!). Street Vendors lined the sidewalks hawking mostly junk ($1 finger puppets!) as locals and tourists bustled around making Valentines day purchases. There were plenty of gritty locals selling flowers out of buckets and trash pals on the sidewalks in-between the cheap t-shirt tables. There were some cool shops and eateries bunched in, overall a scene I am not opposed to at all!So I got to Primantis, opened the door to see a line right in front of me about 15 or so deep, I found the end and began to wait. A family coming in behind me were obviously Primanti virgins as well and asked me 20 questions about what to do now that they were there. After about 20 mins I was at the front and was shown a seat at the bar. I was delighted to see Yeunling Lager available as it brought me back a few years. It is brewed in PA and FL, I worked on a trail crew in FL for a bit and would buy plenty of it with my $40/week stipend, actually beer was all I bought on that money The beer is not available in CT or MA to my knowledge. I started on my bottle of Yeunling and got an order in 15 mins or so later. I chose the regular sized 'fish and cheese'. I do not eat 'meat' otherwise I would have gone for the steak or pastrami that seem to be the favs. I soon discovered the couples on either side of me at the bar were also new to the place and had also seen it on Food TV and had made it a destination. Have you had one??? they asked with a tinge of excitement and curiosity in their voices! About 20-30 mins later we all found out what the fuss was about. Well the sandwich didn't look as magical as I would have been led to believe with all the out of towners ooohing and ahhing but it looked good and I was hungry. I squeezed down to prevent filling leakage and bit in....mmm. Now I'm not a cole slaw fan but it was obvious upon first bite the slaw made the sandwich. I can't lie, being that the only animal I eat is fishes and almost all of my friends and coworkers eat meat I am ordering a fish sandwich pretty often at places I don't necessarily choose but go to frequently. So french fries and fried fish has to be pretty special to surprise me, these did not surprise but throw them together with the slaw on the white Italian bread and you have a very tasty sandwich. The fries were slightly soggy, not salty, not hot, limp and bland would describe them well with a pleasant taste. The taste of the fish did not stand out much over the slaw, The slaw was exclusively cabbage to the best of my memory. It was tangy and acidic and packed a flavor punch compared to the bland fries, bread and fish. The sandwich was messy and losing components on each bite, which fell onto the deli paper it was served on. Luckily the napkins were right in front of me and became a hot item with the neighbors as well. Normally I don't like a loose, avalanche prone sandwich but it did not bother me here as the 'sloppiness' was part of the charm. The waitresses carried piles of sandwiches around separated only by the deli paper. The room had a warm character and felt like people had been enjoying warm messy sandwiches and beer there for a long time. It was slightly dark and extremely crowded, but not a bad crowded as everyone was happy to be there eating a famous sandwich. When you are done you walk to the end of the bar, tell whoever happens to be standing there what you had (honor system!) and pay under $10 for a sandwich and a beer! On my way out I ordered a sandwich to go as I was meeting my ex on her short lunch break. I grabbed her the 'Rajun Cajun Chicken"  which she enjoyed but commented on the soggy nature, which I am sure was compounded by being wrapped 45mins previous to being eaten. When I walked out the door there was line wrapped all the way to the side of the building approx. 50 people deep. I believe it was snowing at this point and in the 30's, so I was impressed by the will of the people to obtain sandwich royalty. In the end I thought it was a fun experience and a tasty sandwich. If I am back in Pitt I will certainly consider going back for a bite. If I am eating meat again at that point I would anticipate being more delighted by the Primanti Bros. Check it out, embrace it.
5	The definition of Pittsburgh. There is nothing quite like a Primanti's sandwich......served on wax paper (awesome) these monsters are piled high with toppings including coleslaw and fries. My favorite is the Capicola & Egg. Slap some Red Devil sauce on there and order up an Iron City and you are set for a fantastic meal. Probably not the most healthy but it will fill you up and make you happy. Born and raised in Pittsburgh but living in Southern California, I make a trip to Primanti's every time I am back in the Steel City!
5	The original, and a destination in and of itself.  One of my favorite photos is of me taking a bite out of one of these bad boys - looks like it is going to swallow my head.  Don't forget to get that egg on top!  If you were sober enough to remember your first visit I guarantee you've had a second visit.
1	I know this place is famous, but I can't think of why.  I ate there for the first and last time last night.  Fried pickles - greasey and spicy.  Fried artichokes - greasy and flavorless.  And the steak sandwich.  Literally swimming in grease, boring Wonderbread, fries that tasted like they had dirt on them, and I couldn't taste the meat at all.  I cannot for the life of me understand why anyone would eat here.  And I'm not that hard to please.
4	If you're in Pittsburgh you have to try a Primanti Brothers sandwich. For the longest time I stuck with the safe bet... steak and cheese but now my favorite is the Cajun chicken breast. There are many locations all around Pittsburgh so no matter where you are there should be one close by.
3	I came up for a Ravens/Squeelers game and my friend took me here because it was a Pittsburgh landmark. I am not one that normally complains about how clean a restaurant is, but this place was a little grimy. It was literally as if nobody cleaned the restaurant all day. Not one wipe down of a table, push of a broom... nothing. I had a sandwhich with a bunch of random stuff on it, it was ok but nothing special. I give this place a pity three stars since i guess it is the only "special" food spot that Pittsburgh has. Yes, sad... i know.**Edited to say that i dont think that i went to this location... i went to the one by Pitt.
3	I found Primanti Brothers to be average, despite its popularity in Pittsburgh. I was in town for a last minute day trip and thought that Primanti Bros. would be a good place to eat, especially since I heard about it years ago on the Food Network. After the fun of navigating the downtown area, we found Primanti Bros. and went inside. The place was fairly crowded, but not too bad considering the Pittsburgh Marathon had just ended. Seating is quick and our waitress came quickly. She was very nice and she had that gruff, old-Pittsburgh way about her. The food came pretty quickly. I had the sirloin strip sandwich (I think that's the name; if not it's something similar). The sandwich was decent. The Italian bread was crispy and the cole slaw and fries on the sandwich (something I've never had before) were good too. However, the small piece of meat was mediocre and unsatisfying. Overall, Primanti Bros. is a decent place to eat, but I'm sure there are better options in Pittsburgh (I'm not that familiar with the area though).
3	Delicious and affordable.
3	The girlfriend, J, was in a Pittsburgh wedding. I agreed to go along for the sole purpose of going to Primanti Brothers for one of their sandwiches. I always thought that people made fun of major cities like Pittsburgh because their favorite sports team was beaten by the Steelers, Penguins or Pirates. By my fourth say in Pittsburgh I realized sports had nothing to do with the mockery. Pittsburgh will always hold the record for the highest concentration of people asking me, "Holy sh*t! You're from LA? Ever see any movie stars?" So yeah, by the 4th day Primanti Brothers had a huge burden on its proverbial shoulders in order to change my opinion of Iron City. We arrived at the original location about noon on a spring Sunday. When we walked in there were a lot of empty tables with food on them. J and I weren't sure where to go or what to do so we just stood there by the door with that newbie stare. A waitress finally talked to us realizing we needed some guidance. I believe her gravely smokers voice told us to "sit anywhere." As we walked to the least offensive looking table I noticed that J and I were the only people not wearing a Troy Polamalu Steelers jersey. Being a lifelong Trojan fan I had to laugh because even though I was from out of town I had been a Polamalu fan at least four years longer than even the most die hard fan in this place. BTW, the second most popular question I was asked that weekend was, "You're a USC fan? Did you know Troy Polamalu went to USC?" The sandwiches were good but I definitely had my expectations set way too high. If I had been out drinking and just wanted to bury my face in a messy sandwich that allowed me to taste everything in one bite, including what most people consider sides, then Primanti Brothers would be the answer. If you have ever heard Patton Oswalt's routine on the KFC Famous Bowl you can relates to the Primanti Brothers sandwich experience. But here's the proof in the pudding; would I come back? Abso-freakin-lutely! This place is good as long as you know what you are getting yourself into. It's fun to be messy sometimes and for a guy like me, all I have to do is mention Polamalu or Lynn Swann and I know I'll be welcome.
4	Came here right after a long night of drinking... I guess that's not the best idea to rate food by since drinking then eating makes things taste a tad better. With everything they had in this sandwich, I would be too scared to eat it sober =P We ordered their corned beef & cheese- topped with french fries, coleslaw and tomatoes. Onion on request.Their corned beef was tender, but I can't say it was the best tasting, but good. The fries were fresh and surprisingly not salty and the coleslaw was good. The combination all in a sandwich--perfect. Now after a long day or long night, this should be the way to finish off the night. Very filling and satisfying.24 hours makes it even better =)
4	went here while vacationing in pittsburgh. saw them on man vs food, so i went to this location where he went. i had to try the famous pittsburgh sandwich. the sandwich is  big. of course it's stuffed with coleslaw and fries. i got the #1 burger sandwich. the burger itself was fairly small. the sandwich was all around good though. the only thing that got to me was all the vinegar in the coleslaw. i had to take off half of the coleslaw because that's all i could taste. after doing that, i enjoyed it. no matter what you get here, it's cheap, under $6.50 .  there's also beer here. this location looks large on the outside, but is tiny on the inside. there is a small counter to sit at and a few tables. that's it. it's open 24 hours. it's just across the bridge from pnc park. (pirates). you can also take out.
4	No frills place. You want a sandwich, you get a sandwich. You want a pop? You get a pop. DONE. Eat your sandwich and move on.And the sandwich is DELICIOUS! Never had anything like it before. With the fries and cole slaw mix made it amazing. I'll definitely be coming back next time I'm in Pittsburgh!
4	having heard stories about the amazing "primanny bruddas sammiches"  for weeks leading up to my visit, i was pretty stoked.  and the corned beef with coleslaw and fries did meet expectations.  but here's where i screwed up: i ordered the small beer. nobody told me they would have 2 sizes of beer! so, when i returned to the table with a measly 12-oz beer, i couldn't understand the looks of disgust on my friends' faces.  until i looked at their supersize beers and realized i was, indeed, every inch the wussy new yorker they always suspected i was.  so, hear it from me folks.  save face.  get the big beer.  that's all.
4	Actually giving it 4 1/2 - the sandwich was delicious.  Ordered a capicola and cheese (with everything of course).  The combination of fries w/ their cole slaw, inside the sandwich was a bit difficult for me to eat, but definitely the way you have to eat it.  Not giving it a 5 only because I think they could' ve put more meat in the sandwich.
4	Normally, I'm a super picky eater. Everything has to be separate, and not touching each other. (I know, maybe a little OCD, but hey, we all have our issues!) My friend picked me up from the airport, and took me STRAIGHT here. Wow! He warned me of the concoction that I would be receiving, and that everything would be mashed together. I started to panic, but hey, I kept an open mind! Fast forward to deliciousness.....WOW! Super great! I had the black angus sandwich, and mmmmmmmmmmmmm I'm still thinking about it! The bread was amazing, fries super good, and the black angus, pretty tasty! This really is a must stop for any visitor to this fine city!! PS--CASH ONLY here!
4	These are the most amazing sandwiches I've ever had. The sandwiches are pretty tall and stuffed with coleslaw and fries instead of having the coleslaw and fries on the side. Also, prices are reasonable and food preparation is fast. One downside, if you're physically challenged, is the restrooms are located downstairs.
4	Yinnz gotta go n' git one a' dem hootinanny sanchiz. This place is great for one of those drunken excursions. The locals are some of the friendliest folks you'll ever meet, and if you wind up tagging along with them for a night, chances are pretty good you'll wind up here at the end of the night.These guys don't skimp on the layers of ingredients and they serve beer, which is great if you wanna prime the sandwich with an introduction to what it's gonna be soaking up in your stomach.
4	Sandwiches are all right, kind of expected more and not quite worth the detour off of the highway. Semi-long wait, and just all right service. Original idea. Probably will come again if ever in Pittsburgh.
3	I guess you do have to head here if you're making a trip to Pittsburgh-I felt obligated after everything I'd read, at least. They offer reasonably priced, fairly overstuffed sandwiches, but I can't say that putting fries and cole slaw in a sandwich amounts to a culinary breakthrough. I had the Pastrami and I was probably happiest at my table (my dining companions ordered the fried fish and roast beef).
5	The crown jewel of any trip to Pittsburgh.  It had been four long years since my last Primanti sandwich...worse than forty years in the desert.  My friends visited here three times in 24 hours.  Arriving a few hours after them, I only made it two times.  But thanks to a local Yelp thread, I was able to move our last two trips to the Strip location--open 24 hours!  (And trust me, it's a much different crowd on Sunday at 2pm than Sunday at 2am.)  Plus it's the original, so there is history here.  But in the end, it's all about the food.  Thanks to that thread, we put egg on some of the sandwiches from trip #3 and tried some of the recommended meats--capicola and corned beef.  All was great advice.  Before I got there, they were ordering turkey and cheesesteak (both got thumbs-down from the thread posters).Yes, this location is a little grungy (the restrooms are dreadful).  Yes, it is cash-only.  Yes, it is usually full or overflowing.  And yes, the waitress was surly.  So what?  It's one of the best sandwiches that you will ever eat in your life.  And six bucks is a steal.  I would pay double.
4	On my road trip across the US, my sisters and I took a detour to Pittsburgh because we had to try a sandwich at Primanti Brothers. We had heard about this place and seen things about on TV and we felt we couldn't pass up the opportunity since we didn't know if we'd ever be back in PA. It was one of the best detours I have ever taken! We'd been on the road for hours so we ended up stopping in at about 11pm on a Wednesday. Thankfully they're open 24hrs. We ordered a corn beef sandwich and a cheese-steak. The sandwiches are beautiful-if you're into overflowing goodness of fries and slaw. Unfortunately the guy got our order mixed up with someone else's and we ended up with a ham sandwich, not the cheese-steak. We were really looking forward to having a real cheese-steak since we were in the area. Alas, not to be. But our sandwiches were awesome and I just wish I could have try another...
4	Admitted: I was a tourist. In town visiting friends who are locals. This place was a great taste (punny) of Pittsburgh. Sure you should go in for a bypass immediately after eating here, but it's worth it. Sit at the counter. Order more food than you can probably eat and don't feel bad about it. Get cheese on your fries. Don't wear clothes that you care too terribly much about because there will be grease everywhere.
5	REAL TASTE OF THE BURG - A WORKING MANS SAMMY!This is classically Pittsburgh! I delicious load of corned beef with fresh lettuce, tomatoes, a savory slaw and fries all in one! Only wimps and ladies need this sammy cut in two! Formerly an all in one sammy for blue collar workers in a rush looking for a one handed lunch! Now this delicious treat is a great late night eat after spending time at the bar!
2	Several people said I had to go here during my first-ever visit to Pittsburgh so I obliged. Whoa, I've never been this confused about why a place gets such high recommendations. Upon entry, expect a chaotic atmosphere. We were first told to find a seat ourselves, but then were told to be seated. Once seated, we waited for several minutes before anyone came by to ask us anything. However, after the first staff member showed up, another two came by within two minutes to ask us for our order as well. The food was okay, nothing spectacular. The one interesting part was that the fries came stuffed in the sandwich. As for the taste, really nothing out of the ordinary.Why this place is so popular will remain a mystery to me. Was it worth going just to say I had gone?  Not really.
3	What can be said about Primanti Brothers? It's open 24 hours for one thing! Finding late night food in isn't easy. I ordered the Pittsburgh cheesesteak - their best seller and enjoyed it thoroughly. I normally despise coleslaw, but the Primanti employees were insistent it was different than any slaw I've tasted before and when in Rome, do as the Romans. I admit, I actually liked the slaw on cheesesteak, on fries, on fresh italian bread combo. Not as good as a Johnny's cheesesteak in Philly, but unique in its own way and worth a go.The downside? Somewhat sketchy neighborhood at night. Armed guard at the door, some dude getting pepper-sprayed in handcuffs just a few doors down. And if you don't drive yourself there, good luck getting a cab. There were cabs in the area, but if you aren't going out to the burbs, they won't even pick you up. Pitt has a cab shortage and they are picky as hell about who they pick up and where they'll go. It isn't a reflection on Primanti Bros, but a general warning for those looking to venture down there late night.......make sure you have a lift home.
4	This place is very different and the sandwiches might sound gross, but they are delicious! We ordered the turkey breast and cheese and the pastrami and cheese. The sandwiches come out piled with meat and cheese and they are topped with tomato, french fries, and coleslaw. You feel like a pig when you are eating this sandwich, but they are so good! The place was so busy that it was hard to find somewhere to sit.Another plus is it's open 24 hours. If you go to Primanti Brothers you have to go to this one. This is the original one. Also, take cash because they do not accept credit cards. Primanti Brothers is unlike any other sandwich shop in America and it is so good!
4	Let me tell you something...if you are in Pittsburgh and want to hit some of the local flavor then this is the SPOT. A native recommended this place to me and I'm glad he did.  I had the number 1 and the number 2 seller (as indicated by the menu) and, believe me, neither were disappointing. I'll start by describing the number 2 selling item and meanwhile I'll let you guess what the number 1 seller is (it's pretty obvious and I'm surprised I had to ask).  Anyway, the number 2 selling item is their cheese steak sandwich...but this is no ordinary cheese steak. It is PILED HIGH with meat, cheese, french fries (on the sandwich), a large slice of tomato, and coleslaw. Sound strange? ITS NOT...it is delicious and please keep in mind that I don't typically allow myself to eat  things that are as big as my face BUT this is absolutely WORTH IT!!!  TIP: I should have read the fine print and ordered my sandwich with onions (available by request).So...have you guessed what their number one selling item is? BEER...Iron City Beer to be exact. Good stuff and it compliments the massive sandwich very well.  Get it.
1	I went to the Strip District location with a few friends and we were fortunate enough to get seats at the bar. This, from what I am told, is pretty uncommon. All the tables (all 4 or 5 of them) were full and the line was starting to form.Anyway, we all ordered the "famous" cheese steak...fries in it and all. And, well, it was absolutely nothing special. The fries were soggy and the meat was tasteless. Basically, it was like eating cheese fries with boring bread. Between the lack of food quality, the crowded space, and the ugly decor, this place is possibly the most overrated restaurant in Pittsburgh. Save yourself the effort.
4	Really huge sandwiches with slaw and fried smooshed on. I had the pastrami and the hubby had the cheese steak, which is a patty not anything like a Philly cheese steak. I didn't care for his but the pastrami was really good. The fries needed some seasoning but the slaw and the bread were on the money. The place itself is pretty dirty but it was cool to sit at the bar and watch them cook the sandwiches. A classic...
4	Primanti Bros probably doesnt need yet another person to tell you how great their famous sandwiches are, or how their coleslaw is so unique and delicious, or how they are a pittsburgh institution, so instead i'll just add  how much i loved the bonus of the very cool industrial and beautiful buildings in the surrounding neighborhood.If you're in or near pittsburgh, go to primanti;'s and get their Cheesesteak, then go drive over to Hines FIeld and have your picture taken with a statue of Art Rooney.  Oh yea, and spend the last 7 minutes before 5:00 racing through the Andy Warhol museums seven floors at top speed, and you will have the perfect pittsburgh day.
2	landed in Pittsburgh and the first food we sought out was Primanti Bros.  maybe I was over hyped but I really didn't think this sandwich was all that.  yes, it's freakin' huge.  yes, it has fries and coleslaw in it...all things I give props to.  I went with pastrami and also threw in a fried egg for the full experience ($7).  I really wanted this sandwich to blow me away and it just didn't.  maybe it was because the bread was just sliced bread.  it wasn't grilled w/butter w/little bit of seasoning.  maybe it was that the coleslaw was a bit bland and not wet enough.  one thing that really killed the experience for me was that the fried egg was totally over cooked.  I was so ready for that drippy egg yolk experience and they denied me of it! service was great...we were in there @ 4pm and it seemed like we missed the lunch crowd.  the prices are great.  bottom line:  this is late night after the bars food and maybe we needed a sweet buzz on to really appreciate the sandwich.  I'll make sure I down a 12er before my next visit.
4	I was in Pittsburgh for work, and after a solid week at the convention center a coworker and I ventured out for a true taste of city. The two of us ordered the roast beef and the pastrami and swapped half - good move. We pretty much let the waitress order for us, and that's the direction she steered us -- we we not led astray. When our server brought our food (about 90 seconds after we ordered it) she said we were lucky the bread was extra fresh, and she wasn't kidding. We dominated those ginormous tasty heaps of sandwich in record time. Was is the best sandwich I've ever had? Nay. Was it worth the calories? Absolutely. I will go back if ever in the area again.
2	Overrated! We were in Pittsburgh for the football game on Sunday. We got off the plane, checked into the hotel, and headed straight to Primanti Bros. We had heard it was a "must do" when visiting Pittsburgh. Although I think everyone should try it once - I don't think there is a second try in the cards for me. We all were putting ketchup and hot sause on our cheese steak sandwhiches just to give them flavor. Although it is a novel idea to put the fries, coleslaw, and cheesesteak all together, I couldn't enjoy the flavor of the cheesesteak with all the other stuff on the sandwich.  The chicken nachos at Heinz Stadium were much better :-)
2	Let's be honest - those 'famous' sandwiches aren't very good at all. 50 years ago, they were probably cutting edge; nowadays they are throw back, dull and boring. I'm sorry I just can't get excited about French fries and Cole slaw on a sandwich. However it is Pittsburgh history and it definitely a large tourist trap, I can also why people go to the other locations to catch a game and have a beer. But with that being said if you are going here to try their sandwiches because some TV show told you they are the best - you will find that you have been lied to.Go for the history, go to say you have done it, but don't go expecting an amazing gourmet sandwich experience.
5	If you visit pgh, going to Pirmanti's is a must. A sandwich just isn't a sandwich without fries and 'slaw heaped on it.  I personally recommend the  roast beef. It would rock if we had one in Atlanta
1	Guess I got there on a bad day or it was the cook's day off. Server recommended the classic Primanti. The food was undercooked, cold and greasy. This is the first time I ever remember leaving a restaurant with gut-ache.
5	Been to Primanti's in FL before and was excited to see where it all began when I was in town to catch some hockey and football.  Made the mistake of ordering the cheese steak not knowing it was a patty of some kind.  Still love the place but would recommend the Pastrami overall and don't forget CHEESE on your fries ... good cocktails too and at decent prices.
5	Wasn't sure at first about the whole cole slaw and fries bit but once I tried it I wanted another one. I had the capp and egg last time and It was excellent. The cole slaw is not the typical type, it has a bit more zip from the vinegar which paired well with the cappicola. I enjoy the sandwiches so much that it is a "must have" every time I stop in Pitts. Other sandwiches to make note of is the pitts-burgher cheese steak, and the pastrami. The Iron City beer is not too heavy and is perfectly balanced. Word from the wise, if your looking to get in and out, game days are not the days you want to go. There is usually a line out the door. It's not too bad because the line does go relatively quickly but go on a Sunday afternoon if you want a real quick bite. Always two thumbs up!!
4	Long wait for a seat, but it was worth it to give an institution a try. Is it the best sandwich ever? No, but it was a fun time and interesting! Topped it off with an Iron City beer to complete the Pittsburgh experience. :)
5	Best sandwiches on the planet! I'm a fan of pastrami and cheese. You can't go wrong with anything. If you haven't eaten here before watch them make the sandwiches so you know what you are ordering. Some people don't like the slaw and fries on the sandwich (I couldn't imagine why) but you can order that stuff on the side (I don't encourage this but you can).  The Primanti's in the Strip is the orginal so if you really want the experience you've got to go here but the food is the same at just about all the spots around town. It is a unique place with great food and is 100% Pittsburgh!
3	drove 4 hrs from dc to check it out.a bit overrated if you ask me. went here on a saturday afternoon. the line was almost out the door. we waited in line but didnt know if the line would get us a table. a friend of mine spotted some seats at the counter. she asked the surly woman working there if we could sit there and she said ok. we sit. (the surly woman later yelled at people in line saying "DO NOT SEAT YOURSELF. THE LINE IS THERE FOR A REASON" or something like that. she also yelled at patrons to keep the door closed.) the guy behind the counter gives us a look-at-these-f-ing-tourists look and asks us if we know what we want. we order. he doesnt write anything down, and surprise surprise, our order comes out wrong. i wanted slaw and my friend didnt. so that got mixed up. he also handed us the wrong sandwiches and said "sometimes i mix things up". yeah, no kidding, and i could tell he didnt give a crap either. i had no desire to even mention the mix up to the server. i just wanted to eat and get the hell out of there. my favorite part was when we asked for the bill and the guy stood and stared while i was trying to figure out the tip. oh and by the way, the sandwich sucked. i got the "#2 best seller" which was the cheesesteak sandwich. i wonder if this was a joke. the "steak" was like a crappy sausage patty. i added an egg on there, but for what? i dont even know. the sandwich was bland. the fries were meh. i left very bitter.then, we went back late night. i am a glutton for punishment, and after all, we did drive 4 hrs to check this place out. the nighttime experience was much better. way less people. probably less tourists. we went to the other side of the restaurant and the guys behind the bar were very nice. ordered a kolbassi sandwich. it came out correctly this time. it was very good. much better experience at night. no complaints this time. but really though, this is the 1st time ive been to the same restaurant twice in one day. we got abused at 4pm and treated like humans at midnight. this place obviously has a "we dont need your business to survive, so we'll treat you however we want" attitude, and i dont appreciate that.
5	Run don't walk for their famous huge sandwiches with fries and slaw on soft Italian bread. Order the cap, cap and egg, or sausage.
4	This place was a really fun stop while I was in Pittsburgh.  I had the corned beef and cheese sandwich with an Iron City beer.  It was truly an unique experience.  I can't say I have ever had a sandwich like that.  The service was really great.  The giller was very friendly and made an excellent recommendation for the sandwich and the other staff asked several times if I needed anything else.  One warning: they only take cash.  There is an ATM in the entrance way if you need to take some out.  The next time I'm visiting Pittsburgh or driving through I'll be sure to hit up a Primanti Brothers location.
5	A Pittsburgh Classic!Doesn't get better than this! Turkey, Steak, Fish are my Favorites!
4	A good friend, "Homeslice," told me I had to visit this chain as it was something he had to do before he "kicked the bucket."  Pressure much?  While making a turn looking for a fudge place, I ran into Primanti Brother's.  Looking at the Yelp reviews, I happened to find the original.  It was meant to be = )  I parked, stepped outside in 37F weather, and a breeze of fried sweetness surrounded me.  Feels/looks like a pub, 24-hr, cash only spot, and known for their coleslaw and french fry stuffed sandwiches.  You can order as sides but why not try it the way they make it, right?I ordered the corned beef and cheese - $6.29 (includes tax).  After a bite, I softly said, "Oh...my...God"  Yumminess!!-Corned beef: maybe 5 thin slices with a small layer of swiss cheese.  Juicy but not too much.  Just enough salt.  Covers the entire span of the bread.  You can order double meat for $1.99.  I didn't need.-Fries: majorly fried, still soft, and sweetly seasoned.  About a handful is added to the meat and cheese.  Loved the sweet and salty combo.  -Coleslaw:  prepared peppery and vinegary (my faves).  Adds tang to my sandwich...me likes much!  I don't like my coleslaw mayoey (sp?) or creamy ; P.  It also adds bite to the sandwich especially since the 1 inch bread is un-toasted, therefore soft.  The place is lively with locals.  Staff is friendly and checks in on you while on the go, all the time.  I respect.  Eat there.  I wouldn't recommend ordering To-Go because the weight and moistness of the goodies flattens/softens the bottom piece of bread quickly.  Even then, the sandwich sits well over 3 inches.  Grub grub grub and enjoy with a sweet tea or a beer.  I'm saving my beer tasting for another place I visited last year.  Review to come soon.Must go...people are standing at the door waiting for customers to leave.  I can understand their pain; hunger pain that is.
4	This restaurant is a must do while in Pittsburgh.  On a recent trip from Phoenix I wanted to check out a place that showcased history of the "Burgh" and this was at the top of my list.  The food and quality of the items aren't the reason why you come here.  You also don't come to be impressed by the serivice.  The reason is to enjoy a long time staple of this wonderful city.  Where else have you ever heard of a sandwich with cole slaw and fries on it?  If so, I'm sure Primanti's started the idea.Walking in you feel like you are walking back in time to when the place was first opened.  The decor is quite inviting for the worker/ or family type.  Not really for anyone fancy, but then again this place isn't anywhere near fancy!  Located in the "Srip District," just a short jaunt from downtown I would tell anyone to pop their head into this place.  To experience history as well as enjoying all of the stores/markets in this area.
3	Went here on 02.20.2010.Cool local atmosphere.  All staff was friendly, and provided good service.  Nice to see they are open 24 hours.The wife and I both got the cheese steak.  I was kinda disappointed to find out that the cheese steak is actually a cheese-burger.  I guess I was thinking the meat would be like a *Philly* style cheese steak.  The coleslaw and fries on the sandwich were both good, but the burger was no more than "OK."  Maybe I should have gotten some other sandwich, or maybe all of the sandwiches are *just OK.*  But the cheese steak was/is supposed to be their best seller.Two other cons - (1) they only accept cash.  (2) parking here is atrocious.  Primanti's has their own lot, but it's very small and fills up quick.  We drove around the block no less than 6 times until we found a spot to park.I'd go here again, just to try another sandwich other than the cheese steak.Letter grade:  C +
5	I can't give the home of the garbage can sammich anything less than a five star and expect to be able to sleep at night!I am going to build my list for Pittsburgh, as I grew up here and visit Mom often. So what better place to start than Primanti Bros!I loved this place as a kid and still do! It almost makes the *bright and sunny * Burgh weather not sting that much!Cheesesteak. Awesome! Hot sausage Awesome! Line.. Not Awesome.But it's usually only bad at late night after the clubs close. This place  is to late night dining in Pittsburgh as Carne Asada chips and burritos are to late nught San Diego dining!As you can tell from other reviews these sandwiches are unique to say the least, and I am pretty sure they come one way, the way they serve them!But I love them that way. (If only they would open a shop in San Diego)But I fear this will never happen... So I get my fill will I can while I visit Mom (Otherwise know as going to Steeler games!)Large, tasty, flavorful sandwiched served on a thick *Texas Toast* style bread topped with cole slaw lettuce, tomatos and such.Taste Great Late!! But are equally good other times as well.Great addition opening a shop done at the stadium! Bravo guys!CheersDaniel
1	Ok, I have friends that have raved about this joint for years.  So, it was time to put it to the test.  For starters, there was a Pens game starting up, so the place was packed. We stood for about 15 minutes, then got seated. Not too shabby.  The place is small and cramped but not too bad.A friend recommended I order the Steak & Cheese w/ an egg, so I did.  My wife ordered the fish, and my daughter got the ham and cheese.The server brought out a side of fries, which were lacking salt... Okay, no biggy, throw some ketchup in the mix and you're good to go.and for the sammys...Now, I get the whole, "I'm from Pittsburgh, I grew up on this stuff and it's best thing since indoor plumbing."  But seriously folks... THIS is what everyone raves about?  I mean, let's break the sandwich down.Two slices of bread and in between, coleslaw, french fries, steak and cheese, and a fried egg.  Grant it, the combination is exquisite, however.  THERE IS NO SEASONING ON ANYTHING.  The strongest flavor in every bite was cabbage.  I wish I was kidding, but it was so bland that I had to drown it in hot sauce to at least get some kind of flavor to it.My wife's fish sammy was just the same. We probably could have swapped and couldn't have told the difference.We were both thoroughly disappointed and couldn't even finish it.  Actually, my daughter's ham and cheese was the most flavorful of the 3 items ordered. In all, it was something that had to be tried. But to say this is a great sandwich, is a lie I can't pass along.
3	Adam Richman on Man Vs. Food can make anything look good. That's why we went to Primanti's, so we could try a sandwich piled with meat, slaw, fries on hand sliced bread. My brother-in-law lives in the Iron City and we went back for a visit from Austin this past weekend so we had the golden opportunity to try the sandwich. We met at the main location in the Strip District and let him order. That was probably a mistake, because his meat of choice was not what Richman ordered. Rather, we got the steak sandwich, which is funny because it is not really steak, maybe Salisbury steak, but no rib-eye or anything like that. The sandwich was good, but not great. I had them add the fried egg as well, because my arteries needed the additional clogging. I think I would have enjoyed the sandwhich more had I ordered the pastrami instead. Oh well, maybe next time. This is the kind of food you should eat only about once or twice a decade anyway.
1	We went here while in Pittsburgh for a wedding, and knew about the place from friends who grew up there.  In preparation we watched the Pittsburgh Man vs Food ep, and were pretty psyched to go.  This is no Grease Trucks in New Jersey.  My sandwich had barely one piece of a sausage on it.  Barely.  It did have an enormous pile of not-crispy fries and cole slaw (the vinegar kind). Terrible, what a complete let down after hearing about it (seeing it on tv).  Perhaps it's just hit or miss?  Some of our fellow wedding go-ers had different experience, those from Pittsburgh managed to have meat filled sandwiches, those of us not from Pittsburgh had fry sandwiches. Do I need to wear a Pen's cap or something? Also to note- we went to the market square location, not the original. Maybe this influences it?
3	if i could only choose between eating crispy fries or soggy fries for the rest of my life, i would choose soggy fries in a heartbeat. yes, i am one of those.however, my plan would fail if i ever found myself on a deserted island with all the fixings to build a primanti sammich. the fries that come in the sandwiches are soggy, and that was actually my bigger problem more than anything. it tasted like a potato paste..and i just wasn't into it.i went for the jumbo baloney (that's how it was spelled on the board) and cheese. the only "jumbo" part about it was the fact that it was piled high..but not with meat. for the record, the baloney was delicious, but it was SERIOUSLY lacking in quantity. the sandwich, already at $5.59, would require an extra $1.99 for more meat. are you kidding?? having said that, they actually *do* pile the pastrami high on their pastrami sandwich, and BOY is it divine. it deserved every zoom shot and song of praise in all the foodie television shows it has received.the cole slaw (vinegar-based, not cream-based..which is probably a smart idea for these sandwiches) was tangy and plentiful. let's put it this way: even though it made up about 70% of sandwich content, i actually picked up the little shreds that fell out because it was that good.cash only is a little annoying, but there's an atm at the entrance. the service isn't spectacular but it wasn't awful, either. i'd definitely go back for a second try.
4	Based on a recommendation from our hotel staff, I took a group of high schoolers here to experience a Pittsburgh tradition. Great bar food-my sandwich was excellent and the kids loved it.
5	Great food. Great service. Good prices. What else is there to say? Primanti Brothers is a Pittsburgh institution and my experience certainly lived up to the hype.
4	Being born and raised in Pittsburgh makes you a fan of two things until you die, (1) the Steelers, and (2) Primanti Brothers. Now this is not the best sandwich place in the world (and for that, I cannot give it 5 stars, in spite of my bias), but for a one of a kind sandwich that embodies the city from whence it came - you have got to go here. To visit Pittsburgh and miss this place could only be described as a travesty. It's like going to Brooklyn and not getting a pizza from Grimaldi's or a Cheesecake from Junior's.The bread is soft and fresh, the coleslaw is solid, the fries are an original, and the experience itself makes it worth the trip. I've been to several of the sites, but I'd recommend going to the original in the Strip District (this one) because it's got the most charm and I believe they still make the best sandwiches. Don't get me wrong, I'd go to any of them, but if you can only get to one, go to this one. There is almost always a line, but it's worth the wait!
3	This place is over rated.  I was driving from LA to Philly and decided to go a half hour out of my way to try this sandwich with french fries I have come to hear about over the years.  The sandwich was good but nothing I will tell friends about or ever attempt to go out of my way to get again.  Cash only, about $7 a sandwich.  The service reminds me of cheesesteak places in philly where the people are too bad ass inner city to smile.
5	Great place! Even though it was packed, we were served right away. Quick service. Only possible downsize is that it is cash only....
2	After reading this the people outside of Pittsburgh will hail me as their queen, and the people of Pittsburgh will want to wish I had never existed on Yelp, but I have to say Primanti Bros. is not living up to the hype generated by numerous segments on the travel channel and food network. I can't spend all my time on this review as I have many others on my cross--country adventure to tend to, but here are the high- and low-lights of my Primanti Bros experience:1. The bread needs to be much thicker and substantial to hold the massive toppings inside. I need something better than wonderbread here.2. The amount and quality of meat and cheese were not bad - no real complaints here.3. I really liked the coleslaw because it was vinegar based.4. Um, yeah I'm aware that it would not be a Primanti Bros. sandwich without the french fries, but first, can the french fries taste good (they were stale, mushy and lacked salt) and second, can you not make the entire sandwich taste like potato and cabbage? not pleasant.Well that's the 411 folks. I'll never feel the need to come back but glad I did try one.Also, cash only and the poor service (we waited forever even though there was no one in the restaurant) are not helping.
4	This is one of those places you really have to visit if you're in from out of town. It just captures the flavor of the local culture beautifully.I had the cheesesteak which is uniquely adorned with fried and coleslaw to become a "Pittsburger". The sandwich itself isn't all that exciting, but it is good, and it's grilled up right in front of you. My buddy had the ragin' cajun chicken sandwich which was not as spicy as advertised, but he did report that it was good.Wash it down with a Yuengling, and life is good. It's ain't fancy, the service could hardly be called friendly, but it's one of those local joints you really have to see and taste for yourself.
2	I guess I'm a non-local hater who doesn't get it?  It had so much hype that I was let down when my mind was not blown at all and instead I longed for the cheesesteaks I used to order from a greasy spoon down the street when I was in high school instead of what I was actually eating.  I am a lifelong hater of coleslaw too, that probably didn't help.
3	We were visiting Pittsburgh for the first time and I read this was one of the places we had to go. We hit them up for lunch on a Sunday afternoon, and it was packed. We were able to find a table quickly and were served our drinks quickly as well as our sandwiches. We both ordered the Cheesesteak, which was good. They serve it with fries and coleslaw on it which was very interesting, but made for a tasty sandwich. Enjoyed that it was a real coleslaw and not covered in mayo. It was an experience, and we may go back on one of our next visits to try something else.
1	Best thing about my meal here was they had bottled Augustiner, everything else was so far downhill i couldn't even keep my footing. There is one spot in chicago that does similar sandwiches with fries and cole slaw with the bread between the meat so I had a little experience before this visit.  I got two sandwiches the cheese steak and the corned beef.  both we very bad.  Bread was fresh, fries were hot but that is about it.  every bite all i tasted was fries with an after taste of sweet slaw.  the steak in the cheese steak  tasted like it was made in a microwave.  the meat had to have been bought at a local grocery store because it was as bland as bland gets.   I guess it's my fault for getting the corned beef.  why would a place in the middle of freaking PA have a good corned beef sandwich.  they didn't, took one bite and threw it out.  beef was very dry and the overwhelming taste of the fries and slaw once again dominated the tasteless flavor. before both sandwiches found the garbage i pulled the meat out to taste separately in case i missed something, i didn't.  complete waste of time, money and what could have been a more flavorful experience at a nearby Jimmy Johns
4	It's a Pittburgh institution.  Nothing about the sandwich is particularly great, but the whole is greater than the sum of its parts.  I can't imaging going anywhere else in Pitt for a greasy gut bomb at 2 in the morning after a night of drinking.  It's got fries, coleslaw and grilled meat all between two slices of italian bread.  It's not trying to be anything more than that.
3	The legend of Primanti Bros. and their original cart in the Strip District in the 1930's has been well documented - featured on no less than 5 Food Network programs the history of Joe Primanti and his hefty sandwiches loaded with fresh cut fries, sweet slaw, and plenty of toppings is perhaps the most legendary in the Pittsburgh dining scene.  Driving up from Columbus early on a Monday morning we decided to kick off our trip with the legendary (albeit revised) original location - a small bar on 18th Street, at the heart of the Strip District.  Arriving at 9am we arrived between breakfast and lunch and found easy free parking before making our way into the heavily wooded and entirely homey feeling bar.Finding the location surprisingly empty (we were the only patrons) I was a bit put off as the two older ladies behind the register eyed us without saying a word.  Making our way further into the restaurant and chuckling at the legendary Pittsburgh caricatures lining the walls I rather guessed that the 24-hour nature of Primanti Brothers had left us with employees at the beginning or end of a shift as it actually required a concerted effort to place an order.  Not wanting to get filled up as we had a whole day of eating and museum hopping ahead of us we opted for a single sandwich and two "pops" to which our cashier stated "is that it?" almost incredulously.Undeterred we sat down and waited while our sandwich was prepped, dressed, and brought to the table on white paper.  By the time our sandwich had arrived another couple groups had entered the restaurant and our server's mood began to soften - a little.  Presented with a smile our Bacon, Egg, and Cheese sandwich was quite good.  Thick yet yielding the white bread provided a great transport medium that stood up well to the sweet and savory slaw, crispy golden fries, salty bacon, creamy egg, and (honestly) somewhat underwhelming cheese.  Divided amongst the three of us the sandwich was enough to get a taste of what the restaurant was all about and enough for me to say the food largely makes  up for the service.  Much like many "legendary" restaurants (Tony Packo's, Central Grocery, etc) the food at Primanti's isn't going to blow your mind - but the setting, style, and experience are definitely something to witness when you're visiting from out of town.
4	It was worth the long walk over from where I was staying, I'd have to say that much! I figured this was a cash only place but also did not realize how small they are. They did have a few seatings for small groups and bar stool sitting for those (which was many were) come alone for a meal before heading to their destination. The guys were super friendly and everything was quick. I loved the pastrami sandwich that was filled with pastrami, cheese, cole slaw (even tho I'm not normally a fan) and fries. There is no right way of eating it OR a clean way of eating it for that matter. It WILL fall apart on you. I was ambitious and got the hot chilli also which I was glad I did ... but my stomach yelled at me for stuffing so much in there in one sitting. If you're a light eater.... you may want to pack the other half. The best part is,  you can kick back and have a beer for like $3 (coors) with your meal.
1	After seeing Primanti Brothers featured on a Travel Channel show, I was excited to try it.  We visited the South side location.  So not worth the 45-minute wait and the absolutely crappy service.  Their signs indicated you could get a grilled or cajun chicken sandwich.  I chose grillled but when my husband ordered, the cashier said they hadn't served that in years and only the cajun was available.  Um, okay...so take the darn false-advertising sign down. There was a long line from the time we arrived to the time we left and only four people working; all four were taking orders AND doing the cooking.  the cashier would take a few orders and then ignore the other customers in line for no less than 10 minutes while she helped with the grill.  Ridiculous.  There were some people who eventually left...I don't blame them.  My order was brought out about 20 minutes before my husband's so of course, I ate since I was starving.  Nothing to brag home about; I threw half of the sandwich away. We had to wait at least another 10 minutes, back in line, for a drink refill.  There was a group who ordered before us who was just getting their food when we left.  He had to go to the other side of the restaurant to a refill on his beer.I was just really confused about the whole place...it wasn't a sit-down restaurant because there were no official servers, but it most definitely was not "fast" food.  .  It may be a Pittsburgh instituttion, but I would've rather gone to McDonald's for as long as we waited.  Never plan to go back.
3	Unique place that has passed the test of time.  Good food and fries.  One question, would it be too much to ask the high school kid preparing my food to wear gloves if he is going to squeeze everything I eat between his fingernails?
4	It was Sunday morning and we wanted to grab some food and coffee before we hit the road.  We tried a few coffee shops, but they weren't opening for another hour or so.  Then, we found Primanti Brothers!  Hooray for 24 hour establishments!I'm sure my doctor wouldn't be impressed to find out how much grease I ingested first thing in the morning.  There are some breakfast items on their menu (i.e. eggs and bacon), but it's not really a breakfast joint.  I opted for the bacon and cheese sandwich.  Huge portion and completely different from any other sandwich I've ever had.  Special ingredients include coleslaw and fries (in the sandwich).  I also tried their coffee and it wasn't bad.
4	Massive Sandwhich of great proportions!  Service was super friendly and the atmosphere of this place  was mad chill.  You can't leave this place hungry.
4	The orders don't really allow for a a lot of variety. Its pretty much a meat, cheese, potatoes, tomatoes and slaw. The guys are nice but tell em EXACTLY what you want.
4	What can I say, it's Primanti's, no pretension or aspiration to be anything more or less. Granted it's been 20+/- years since I was in college and last ate at Primanti's it was almost surreal how almost pedestrian the flavors were in my unaltered state of consciousness as opposed to my hyper-vigilant recollect. Oh well, still good and a great time! Thanks guys and keep it up!  Cash only boys and girls, don't spend all your cash
4	Went here with some friends while in the area. Heard it was a famous place in Pittsburgh so we walked down the street from the Altar Bar to check it out. Can't say the service was friendly, but come on! That's what I expected from a couple dudes making sandwiches, grilling, and getting orders shouted at them.  This felt like a true blue collar joint where you go just to enjoy some good American food. I can't say I didn't love the decor: some tables thrown in with some cheap chairs and paintings/characitures of  famous Pittsburgh athletes. It just added to its grittiness. I was only half surprised that the place wasn't painted black, white, and gold. I ordered the "Soon to be Famous" Colossal Fish sandwich and it did not disappoint. There is something to love about food that is simple, fried, messy, and to the point. I piled on the ketchup and cayenne pepper sauce. My favorite part had to be the marinated coleslaw. I am not a fan of the traditional mayonnaise-slaw you normally get, so this opened my eyes to what true coleslaw should taste like. My only complaint is that I wish the cayenne pepper sauce had some heat to it as it was really watery and I always feel food like this needs a little kick to it. But next time I'm in Pittsburgh, I'll be stopping at Primanti Brothers for another Colossal Fish.
4	So I found this place on the Food Network.  My God thank you!  I live in NY and was on holiday in Pitt.  I looked up the places to go and Man vs Food told me I had to go here.The place has a divey awesome feel to it.  The sandwiches which are basically every meat under the sun on bread, with slaw and fries on the sandwich served on wax paper are super delicious.I had the kielbasa and a beer.  Even though the sandwiches are huge, I wanted another.  They taste so good.  Anyone from out of town has to come here.  The only thing I didn't like was that now back in NY, I can't have one.
5	Thank you Adam Richman!! We had seen it on Man vs. Food and our mouths watered after seeing the sandwhiches.This was our second restaurant stop while visiting PGH with my fiance during the summer. We split the steak sandwhich (added a fried egg) and chilli cheese fries. Both were absolutely delectable! We were even served by the spunky older lady seen helping Adam on MVF. It was a great treat. Since we live in AZ and can't get this awesome sandwhich whenever our hearts desire we make our own "Primanti Brothers" style sandwhich at home...we still can't get that special cole slaw recipe down though! We'll definitely be coming back on our next PGH trip!
2	I was in town for a convention and we needed a quick lunch spot while we were walking around. My friend, who lives around Pittsburgh, suggested we check out Primantis. I see that it's gotten rave reviews but it honestly just wasn't my thing. The service kinda sucked and given that it was fairly empty I'm not entirely sure why. The sandwiches were okay, and the vinegar based coleslaw were quite interesting. However I found the fries to be rather tasteless which contributed to my lack of enjoyment in the food. Maybe I'll try it again and see if they were having an off day or I just picked the wrong type of sandwich for me.
4	A Pittsburgh Staple is an understatement! This place is like a haven for Pitt natives and visitors alike! The uber laid back feel you  gett eating off of brown paper and foil just wears even the snobbiest person bown to a easy going person similar to the pittsburgh way! I would travel 45 minutes from Morgantown, WV to get one of these Primanti sandwiches! And even after relocating to NYC everytime I fly into Pitt airport I'm sure to make sure I make my Primanti stop and my choice is only the original the 18th Street location!
4	Terrific sandwiches! I had a mix of corned beef and pastrami after consulting with the woman behind the counter. Note: there's also a cool neighborhood surrounding PB. Worth working into a future Pittsburgh trip!
3	Service is friendly enough but this place is WAY overpriced and crowded. The food is ok, but there isn't anything terribly special, it is frankly quite a bit overrated as well as being overpriced.
3	Before we started the second leg of our road trip to Pittsburgh, I asked my wife to punch in the address for Primanti's Bros. After watching the gross antics of 'man eats world', I wanted to inaugurate the weekend by joining others in this pilgrimage. If you miss the craziness on Penn Ave, don't worry. The line during lunch time will bring you back to the hustle of "the strip." The place has two main sitting areas, one with a bar and one with a counter to witness the birth of a sandwich. Its reminiscent of your childhood when you stuffed potato chips into a sandwich that your mom made but instead with slaw and fries...genius! Who needs plates? Just parchment paper and your hands is all that's required. Good food, fast service, and only cash people. Overall I'd give it a 3 1/2 stars.What we ordered:- corned beef and cheese- pastrami and cheeseWhen did we go:- Saturday @ noonWill we come back?Definitely! My wife wants me to bring some back in a cooler. :D
3	We stopped in here for an early lunch on a weekday after walking around the Strip. I quickly checked Yelp to see where to eat and thought this looked worth trying. Also had heard (or read, I can't remember now) several positive comments elsewhere that suggested this is THE place in Pittsburgh for lunch. We wandered in and took seats at the counter. There were families, businessmen, couples, and singles filling the place. After looking around a few minutes we were greeted by a waitress who took our order. They don't have menus, just big signs on the wall. My husband and I split a cheesesteak which came with fries on it (a great selling point!) and coleslaw ON the sandwich. I guess there is a reason they call it a "Philly" cheesesteak other places, and we should have realized that a cheesesteak in Pitt. isn't the same. The fries on the sandwich were really good. The meat was okay, it was more like a meatloaf sandwich to me, and the coleslaw was more on the vinegary side than sweet. Again, I probably should have know this going in, but I'm not from Pitts. so I didn't. If you're into those kinds of things, this is your place. If not, it's not. It was pretty tasty for what it was, but wouldn't be my first choice again.
3	OK, it's an institution so we ventured to the original Primanti's at a friend's insistence. At 3:30 on a Saturday, we waited for 20 minutes. As for the food: the pastrami was middling, same with the corned beef. The vinegary cole slaw helped add some flavor, but I still doused mine with hot sauce. It's definitely UNIQUE but I doubt I'll ever go again. On the up side, service was quick once we were seated, the beer was cold, food was cheap, the scene was worthwhile. Later, we went to the baseball game, and every other sandwich coming down the aisles was from the PNC Primanti's. Obviously this local eatery has a loyal following. Go ahead and try it. Once.
5	I went here with three friends after a Pirates game on a Saturday night in July of 2004. It was the last stop on a weekend baseball roadtrip from Baltimore to Philly to Pittsburgh and back to Baltimore. My three friends at at one time or another lived in PIttsburgh. Two of them had been here before (Dave and Robert) and the other one (Jerry) who lived there at the time had never been there (like me). We sat at the counter and ordered Iron City beers (what else do you order when in Pittsburgh?) while we looked at the menu. The waitress/barkeeper came over to take our orderI decided on the roast beef and cheese...Dave had the pastrami and cheeseRobert had the capicola and cheeseJerry ordered the fish and cheese..."Fish....no one orders the fish!" she said.We all kind of smiled...except Jerry"It's on the menu", he said."That doesn't mean you have to order it!"She took the orders and went back to the kitchen.Jerry, "Geee...she was kind of gruff..." We all laughed and told him that he shouldn't have ordered the fish! :-)She came back in a little while with our sandwiches, we probably all ordered another beer...except for Jerry. He wanted to go...;-)So we finished our sandwiches, except for Jerry..."Can I have a doggie bag?""A doggie bag?", she says."I want to take the rest home for my wife.""He orders the fish, then he wants a doggie bag to take the rest home to his wife! You need to eat that sandwich, you're so skinny that  if you stood up too fast you might hang yourself as you fell through your underwear!"At this point Dave, Robert and I were dying from laughter...Jerry wasn't. :-)Jerry got his doggie bag, we left and he put it in the car as we went bar hopping....Story aside...the sandwiches are very good and very filling. I am thinking that our sandwiches and two beers came to around $15 or so. Well, Jerry's bill was less...:-))We all tipped the server well for such an enjoyable meal and Primanti's expereince...except Jerry. ;-)I posted some photos as well...:-)))))))))))
5	This is my kind of place, a bit rustic, greasy heaps of food with it's own unique tastes. Had a delicious cheesesteak. Fries and coleslaw on the sandwich, love it!!
3	The food is good and the price is fair.  My only complain is that the place was a bit dirty (our table smelled funny and there was a bit of trash on the floor).
4	The original!  Primanti's offers such a great cheesesteak/fries/slaw combo. What I enjoy so much about this location is that it probably hasn't changed a bit in years. It is a necessary stop on a visit to the Burgh. There's nothing typical about a primantis cheesestrak.  The bread is thin and airy but is always savory and delish. The steak itself would not be much to yelp over except that it is accentuated by heavy fries and a mound of slaw.  It is so stacked that you could almost use a fork to devour it.
5	After arriving in Pittsburgh late on a Sunday night, there aren't too many places that are open, let alone a local restaurant.  Although it's located near the warehouses with a lot of trucks running by, it's still a safe place to park your car nearby and grab a bit to eat.I'm not a big fan of mixing foods all in one, but the sandwiches "work" real well.  The cole slaw adds good texture and the vinegar gives it some needed spice.  The french fries add some heat (temperature) and some starchiness.  I ordered the pastrami and cheese so the cheese was melted and the pastrami was good quality.  The bread was soft so I could grab it and stuff a good bite of everything in my mouth.  It's a pretty good value for that time of night and a great way to finish off the night.  Staff was friendly, too.
4	We were divided on this place.  I thought it was ok, Christina thought it was great.  Quick and friendly service, resonably priced.   Would give it a second try.
4	The sandwiches are great, and the price is hard to beat. Just remember to bring cash.
5	This place gets 5 stars for pulling off a sandwich that tasted as good as I thought it would be, even though I had serious reservations that it could be pulled off... I mean, the bread was thick and the steak was smashed, but the fries and Cole slaw just clicked! I enjoyed it enough to have another one at PNC Park later that night.The only unfortunates were that it's really touristy now ( hence the reason I even knew of the place ) and we had to wait outside in extreme heat before getting a table, and there was no AC and I was having some serious heat sickness going on due to the fact that we weren't beneath a ceiling fan.But I'll be back for the sandwich. I have no doubts.
5	Everyone told me that once I moved to Pittsburgh I HAD to try these sandwiches.  And all I can say is that they were rated best sandwich by travel channel for a reason!They were life changing good.  The bread with corned beef and melted cheese, topped with the coolness of the vinegar and oil cole slaw and the warm crunch of the french fries, was mind blowing! It hit every sense in a light and flavorful way.  Since moving here I'm happy to say I haven't had them again, I'm also so happy that they are far away from my new apartment or I would be the size of a house!
5	Really glad I don't live close to this place or I would be a major fatty.... Loved the coleslaw/tomatos/french fries on every sandwich, what a great combo! I will def make it a priority to come back when I am in the area!
3	I went because I heard it was a staple in Pittsburgh...We waited about 30 minutes to get in yesterday. After getting in, the atmosphere was good and fast...but the food, well, it was very unseasoned and plain. Nothing said "wow". I was told afterwords that it is a place to say you went, but not a lot of people knew them for their food...just a name...I agree...Next time I visit Pittsburgh, I won't be going back.
3	The sandwiches are phenomenal.  Came in on a Saturday afternoon and there was a bit of a line to be seated.  The menu on the wall has all the prices listed - sandwiches average $6 - $7.  I went with the salami sandwich and was not disappointed.  All the sandwiches are served on italian bread with french fries and cole slaw on the sandwich.I did have to deduct two stars because 1) I felt the quality of salami should have been better given that this is a place that serves almost entirely sandwiches and 2) the lil eco-friendly person inside me tinged with guilt drinking from a styrofoam cup.  I mean, even McDonalds stopped using that material in the mid-90s.  I was also seated next to the back door and it seemed as though a large bag of trash was thrown out once a minute.  It just felt a bit wrong.
3	This was my first trip to Pittsburgh and this place came highly recommended by friends that live in Pittsburgh. While the service (people could not have been more hospitable), the food was disappointing. The idea of the fries on a sandwich sounds like a great idea in theory, but in actuality it is not. I ordered the Salami with a fried egg on top. The sandwich despite all of these things on it was extremely bland. You need about a pound of salt to get any flavor out of it......
2	The bf and I decided we had to try Primanti Bros just to see what the hype was all about. I mean, it was even featured on the Food Network.But seriously? WAAAY overhyped. I'm so glad we decided to split a sandwich (we ordered the Cheese Steak). Basically, they stuck a hamburger bun in-between two pieces of white bread. Add to that, some very mayo'd up coleslaw and soggy fries. Overall, I was just very disappointed.Conclusion: FATHEADS is where it's really at!
4	A Pittsburgh staple that you have to try at least once while you're there.  The sandwiches are massive and piled with coleslaw and fries-I had pastrami with egg and bacon and it was delish.  The cheese, bacon, chili, etc fries were lackluster-the bacon is really just bacos.  Not exactly the best sandwich I've ever had, but an experience nonetheless.
3	The sandwich looked OK when served.. I think the allure of their sandwich is that you eat a whole meal on a sandwich.  Bread, meat, cheese, cole slaw, and fries in one bite! Place seemed pretty chaotic, service not so great, especially for people visiting from out of town and not understanding how the place operates... My sandwich was just ok.. I got the roast beef, and my beef was really tough, and the fries a tad bit on the mushy side. The beef was seasoned nicely however, and I personally enjoyed the cole slaw. I was also hoping for a bigger beer selection, which they did not have.. We opted for the local Iron City lager..Which was just OK...In the end, I'd probably only come back to Primanti Bros. on a late night after drinking and needed greasy hangover food.
4	this place lives up to its reputation. cole slaw and french fries on a sandwich? delicious! and for only around $6 for a giant sandwich, this is a really cheap meal. and it's a pittsburgh classic.
1	Okay, a friend came back to the burgh for a long weekend and after much pleading, begging, and finally, paying me off to take her to this popular Pittsburgh heart clogging, frat boy hangout. If you've had one, you've had every sandwich they sell. They all taste the same, maybe if they salted the fries? Anyway I guess I outgrew the taste of these grease balls. A cold Sam Adams was sitting in front of me and suddenly I thought of it, I can eat healthy by getting turkey, no cheese, fries, or mayo. The waiter looked perplexed after asking him if I could just have turkey with onion, slaw, and tomato. Didn't matter, my sandwich came with fries anyway, guess you can't teach an old dog new tricks. I picked the fries off and gave them to my friend, who by the way does not take Zocor. As I stated before in a quick note, this original Primanti's is basically a tourist trap, Oakland college getaway, and food network geek paradise. I'll go to the primanti full service restaurant on the other side of Crafton where they cook a bit healthier and offer lighter fare.
5	Saw Primanti Brother's on Man Vs. Foods..... Amazed by the burger loaded with fries and coleslaw, we had to make it a must stop on our trip to Pittsburgh......Place was packed, luckily there were only 2 of us and we found a seat pretty quickly.What's not to love!? A burger with fries, coleslaw on yummy Italian bread and a cold beer. Delicious! My husband, who hates coleslaw even loved!This place seems to be a Pittsburgh staple and we make sure everyone we know who is visiting Pittsburgh goes. If they are confused after our burger description, we have them watch Man Vs. Food, after that they can't wait to try it!Will definitely be going back ! Unfortunately it will be during football season, hopefully we will get in! Not sure about the Jet fans we will be bringing with us =)
5	How can you not like Primanti Brothers. I need to hit up this place whenever I'm in town. The combination of the cole slaw, fries, tomato, italian bread, cap and cheese are to die for. I've tried to make this sandwich when I lived in St. Louis after I graduated and I can never get it the same because the italian bread is near impossible to find there and the cole slaw is just so much better home made. Let's just get this straight, this sandwich is enormous. The cap and cheese is their number 1 best seller. They have the philly cheesesteak written down as their number 2 best but don't have anything mentioning the number 1. Well. It's the cap and cheese. Oh man. Have one of these with a nice bottle of Yuengling and you can't go wrong.
4	Ya gotta do it, just to say you've experienced it.If you're in a hurry make sure you sit at the bar, as you can get in and out in ~15 minutes if the line is short. Also most of the people in the line are waiting for a table, so if you're sick of waiting have someone check out the bar space.The cheesesteak wasn't exactly what I was expecting, but still delicious regardless. Never been a big cole slaw kinda guy as I don't like large quantities of mayo or cabbage, especially together but the cole slaw here IS good.Don't forget like many other wonderful establishments this place is CASH only!
2	Don't see what all the fuss is about...can't really say much about Primanti's except that when it comes to sloppy drunk food, I've had better.
4	Don't miss out on this opportunity if you are in Pittsburg
5	I'm new to the city and this is one place that everyone keeps recommending.  It is well-known even outside of Pittsburgh ... thanks to word of mouth and Man vs. Food.  So when we walked in just before noon on a Wednesday I expected to find the place packed, but there was plenty of seating available.We sat down and discussed our options, eventually deciding to split the Pastrami & Cheese and a Yeungling.  The lady that took our order was a little surly, which was fun to a newbie as she seemed to add to the atmosphere of the place.Our sandwich?  Let's just say I was a little pissed off at myself for agreeing to share one.  The bread was so soft and wonderful, but my favorite part was the pairing of the pastrami with the fries.  What a perfect combination!  The cole slaw added freshness and crunch without overpowering the other flavors and there was nothing greasy about this sandwich.  Pure health food, hehe ;pSo yes, it would appear that I love Primanti Brothers.  I'm already agonizing over which sandwich to try next!
2	So, I will say this...The restaurant is quite overhyped, however, for what the sandwich is, it was pretty good. We ordered three sandwiches, beef and cheese, corned beef and cheese, and ham and cheese. All three came with tomatoes, cole slaw, and french fries, on the sandwich. The bread was very fresh and cut at a good thickness. The fries were a little undercooked, the corned beef wasn't the best quality, the cheese was okay, the coleslaw was very heavily black peppered and a little under dressed. BUT, when you put it all together it was pretty successful.
2	Primanti Brothers was better as a myth than as reality.  Dont get me wrong the atmosphere was great for a pre-Steeler game warm up but the food did not deliver.  The wait was about 20 minutes and we were starving by the time were greeted with "drinks!?" by our sweaty and surly waitress.  I ordered what is claimed on their menu to be the #2 best seller, the cheese steak sandwich.  We settled in and enjoyed a couple cold Yeunglings and watched sandwiches get thrown together by some guy who didnt even look like he worked there.Our waitress never came back to get us another beer but when she dropped off our sandwiches I was appaled to see my cheese steak was a compressed pattie of tough flavorless meat.  I had to grab the waitress as she ran by and get her to examine it.  She assured me it was their #2 bestseller.  It was horrible and the Chili was watery.  I can say that the Pastrami was okay so there.  All in all it was definitely one of those places you have to go at least once and probably just once.
4	updated
4	It gets the job done. Consistently good sandwiches, low price, fast service. This is the original Primanti's, and the one featured on food network. Love the pastrami sandwich.It's also located right on the strip, so you can check out some other places if you go during the day. Has it's own parking lot.Gotta say the people working there are a bit curt, not the friendliest. Menu doesn't have much variety, but it is a sandwich shop after all.will be eating here again.
4	Really about 3.5 but it was definitely worth going to. Wife and I split the pastrami (could've gotten extra meat for $2). The pastrami is very good, the ordinary sandwich bread works and the coleslaw is spot on. I'm a crunch french fry guy so the soft french fries were disappointing but all in all a solid sandwich. Lots of history in this place and the surrounding streets are cool to walk around too. Will definitely be back next time we are in the 'burgh, I'm just wondering if they would be offended if I asked for crispy fries.
2	Pretty much a Pittsburgh tradition as best I can tell. Everyone seems to have heard of this place. I can understand why. It isn't all that often that you get a sandwich with french fries (and coleslaw if you like that sort of thing) on it.Food was all good enough, I suppose. Had the hot sausage sandwich without the slaw. They have all sorts of sandwich choices. Cheap prices! There were 6 of us and our bill was about $45! I just thought it was a little flat. I think crispier fries would have helped. And it could just use more flavor.The building is smallish but has lots of character. And you can watch them make the food right there so there is no mystery involved. How do you keep fries and slaw on a sandwich when they are piled on? Smash it all together of course! Everything is done simply. No plates or silverware needed. That makes it sound like it would be messy but it somehow isn't.We had to wait 15-20 minutes on a Friday afternoon. Sounds like they take reservations so you might consider that. Though if you have fewer people, you would get a seat faster.If you are visiting Pitt, I'm pretty sure a trip to Primanti Bros. is basically a requirement, but don't expect anything out of this world good.  Tradition seems to be it's biggest draw.
3	There's not much I can say here about the food that hasn't already been said. As a vegetarian, you can get a cheese combo sandwich as long as you aren't concerned about cross-contamination with meat.Rather, I am here to write about the atmospheric experience. I would consider this particular Primanti's to be for the tourists and out of towners who think that bad service is part of getting the Primanti's experience. I have gone to this location many times and for many years, as it was minutes from where I used to live. I marveled at the rude service time and time again, but gave some excuse to how busy the restaurant was at the time (particularly if it is only open on the bar side). There was one day, however, that aside from myself and my husband there were only two other customers in the shop. My husband asked for his cheese combo to be made only with one type of cheese--as he had done countless times--and the waiter refused, saying it was impossible and touting he had worked there for 15 years and he knew what they could make. He told us that we had never been served that sandwich in that way. He tried to retract and communicate as humans do, but he couldn't pull it off for long. The waiter continued to be gruff and sharp until we were mercifully given our food that was ordered as carry out. In my opinion, there's no reason for their staff to behave in such a way. It makes for an unpleasant experience and the story I relayed to you above makes me think that their behavior is a result of the lack of service skills since it even appears when the shop isn't busy.Unless you are coming in for a special visit (as many do because of food related shows), I suggest the Oakland location where the staff is consistently friendly.
4	I've been busy with classes, but that's all done for a few weeks. I've been doing some traveling, and I want to get some pictures up about some of the food I had outside of Philadelphia. When I get back to Pittsburgh, I always make an attempt to eat at Primanti Brothers. These sandwhichs are delicious, and impossible to imitate. They stack griddle cooked meats, prefectly seasoned cole-slaw, and fries on squishy white bread in a heavenly combination. The sandwhiches are whipped out on pieces of wax paper and the whole atmoshpere of the place is quick and gruff; get in, eat, and out.I was out with my good friend Callen and we split two different sandwiches, the pastrami and the capicola. Both were excellent, but I prefer the pastrami, which in my mind, is the best and most classic sandwich they serve. There's actually a lot of options on the menu, but stick to the sandwhiches.I love this place, its a Pittsburgh institution, and I recommend everyone to hit it up when your in Pittsburgh, and regularly if you live there.
4	Do NOT order the CHEESESTEAK!  Do NOT order the CHEESESTEAK.   It basically hamburger patty sitting in hot water all day.   Get either the pastrami, cornbeef or roast beef.  The cornbeed is my fav especially with an eggAs a footnote DO NOT ORDER THE CHEESESTEAK!!!!!   Don't be fooled by the #2 seller label!
5	This place is a straight up mom n pop style hole in the wall with murals of sports characters on their walls. The sandwiches here are simply out of this world. When we make our 400 mile drive to Pittsburgh we often contemplate going directly to Primanti Bros first and then to our hotel. Service is not overly friendly but not rude either. Their sandwiches are so uniquely good that it is definitely worth...no it is an obligation to come here upon making a trip to Pittsburgh. Their chili is also very good.In my several years of making our annual 'burgh trip I have never had a bad experience here and have always thoroughly enjoyed the fare. They can expect me back.
1	Awful awful awful awful. It's a damn shame that the steel city's most famous landmark eatery is staffed by people who are too lazy to do their damn job. Was seated at a table and waited for twenty minutes without speaking to anyone from the wait staff. Tried to order from the to go line and was rebuked since we had a table. Moved to the bar to order, waited for the jackass behind the bar to get back to his job when a commercial came on (sorry to pull you away from the chiefs game). The sandwich was mediocre at best, just a gimmick of putting soggy fries on a run of the mill deli sandwich. If anyone is looking to open a legitimately remarkable sandwich joint, Pittsburgh is prime realty.
4	you sorta have to go here if you're in pittburgh.  i got the pastrami with cheese.  it's quite good.
5	There is NO SANDWICH other than a Primanti's sandwich. This is perhaps one of the greatest restaurants in America. It is incredible, incredible fare for what it is. It's a working-class Pittsburgh joint at heart, so if you want your rump kissed and a quick seating at a plush table, skip it... but if you like FOOD, this place is for you. Cash only! An outstanding selection of delectable meats, cole slaw that's a uniquely savory vinegary glory of goodness, and fries right on the bread. Eat it together, and relish in the complexity of the taste. It's a phenomenal selection. I'm a pastrami man as a rule when I go here, but I've had terrific experiences with the angus, roast beef, corned beef (outstanding) capicola (particularly excellent), and kolbassi (very, very good) as well. The pastrami is exceptional in my opinion. And yeah, I've been here that many times. It's a MUST-GO in the 'burgh. Notes: Treat your server like gold. Watch how hard she's working! NEVER say no to the baklava; it's the best I've ever had. ($1 on a tray from grandma. Perfect!) When it's cold out, keep the door closed or prepare to be yelled at. No, you can't seat yourself, so stop asking. And for the love of god, YES it's worth the wait! Get in line!
4	Primanti's is a Pittsburgh original and it is awesome!  From the atmosphere to the food, you've GOT to try it!
2	What a let down.My corned beef was great, but the taste was drowned out by the crappy French fries that were soggy and had zero flavor.  The slaw was good, but I left the bread and fries untouched on the sheet of wax paper because it was all so unnecessary.  Good for people watching, but that's about it.
4	I had a grilled cheese with the typical fries served on it-- yummy!
2	Their sandwich was just something that we would only try once.  I love corned beef and I like cold slaw.  I can even see them together but to add french fries on inside of  this sandwich just made it a soggy mess.  It was just greasy and oily.  The French fries were not hot and crunchy like McDs it was just a soggy oily mess.  It was something I would only try once because of the novelty but I would not try again.  Too oily for my taste.
5	The best sandwich place in the world. I wish there was one in Austin, but that would be kind of wrong, I guess. The sandwiches all come (if you want) with fries and cole slaw ON THEM. This is the way steel mill and dock workers got them 100 years ago (or whatever) so they could finish during their short lunch breaks. And it is PERFECT! The corned beef is my favorite, but they're all good. The bread is Italian style, super light and flaky with crunchy crusts. Awesome. The cole slaw is vinegary, not the sweet mayonaise kind. Get a Coke or a beer and you are in heaven. I know I am--I was there a couple of weeks ago and it was as good as ever.This is the best location, close to the original, if not in the same spot (the original was just a window). It's loud, crowded, and moves fast. The cranky woman who seats you is part of the deal. The counter guys are fast and really make sure you get what you want. The bathrooms are in the basement and kind of scary--don't go alone, ladies. This place is a national treasure. Best sammich ever and the pride of Pittsburgh!
3	In case you haven't heard of this place, this is one of those restaurants you must visit before you die.  They stack all their sandwiches with coleslaw and fries, and are known far outside of Pittsburgh, mainly because of all the publicity they have gotten on TV *cough* Man v. Food *cough*.I had a cheese steak sandwich, I believe, and the flavors of the fries and coleslaw just didn't go well with the cheese steak.  However, they have Yuengling, which is my favorite beer not available in Ohio (my home state).  Yuengling goes well with anything.The individual ingredients were okay.  The cheese steak tasted nothing like what a cheese steak SHOULD taste like; it was more like a hamburger than a steak.  The fries were moist but not too moist, although I ended up liking the coleslaw the best.  It can get a little messy, though, so you might need a napkin.  Or twelve.I had somebody tell me that I should have gotten a capicola sandwich after I told them about my trip there.  Considering how the slaw and fries were, that would have probably been a better choice.The place is always packed, so make sure you are patient with finding a spot to sit and to park.Overall, this was okay, but not perfect.
3	It's one of those "if you're visiting (fill in the blank city), you have to eat at xyz. Primanti Brothers is where you go for the local fare lunch if you're in Pittsburgh.  Good, unique, memorable but not great.
3	I went here about three years ago and had the "original" which is some sort of cheese steak, mystery meat sandwich. It was awful--I have no idea what the meat actually was. I swore I would never come back to this place, but I decided to give it another try. This location was way nicer inside than the one on Carson street, which I thought was weird since this is the original, and what I thought was the oldest Primanti Bros. The service is typical Pittsburgh service. A slight chip on the shoulder, somehow laid back and uptight at the same time. We got there around 11:30 am, which was right before the Sunday rush started. This time I tried the Corned beef with cheese. One of these days I'm going to try the sardine sandwich, but after a night of binge drinking on Carson... The corned beef was to die for. The best corned beef I have ever had, actually. As with the last time, the bread is also really delicious. It's soft, flavorful and yeasty. What throws me is the coleslaw/ fries on the sandwich. I know that's what actually makes it Primanti's, but I'm not a huge coleslaw fan to begin with, and I really don't think their fries are that good. The fries are too soft and have almost a sweet, off putting flavor. I understand the thought process/ history behind putting everything ON the sandwich, but it really is not my ideal way to eat. Stay away from the cheese steak, stick with the other meat choices!
5	Years ago, while watching PBS, I stumbled across the greatest show I had ever seen. I can't remember the name but it was essentially one mans travel guide of American cities seen through their signature sandwich. This, before the food and travel network onset if foodie travel shows. Needless to say, the chresesteak was prominently featured as well as NYC hot dogs and the Maine Loster Roll, to name a few. I immediately made it my goal to seek some of these gems out.One that caught my eye was the Primanti Brothers sandwich in Pittsburgh. So much so that when a Pittsburgh road trip was mentioned by a friend, even though I couldn't think of any reason other than sports to visit Pittsburgh, I jumped at the chance and reasoned that at least I can cross that pile of deliciousness off my list.I'll interrupt this review to say that there are many cool things to do in Steel City that I was unaware of, so put it on your "To Do" list of places to visit. I visited the Strip location, which is also the original.Here, you have the option of a sit down restaurant experience or just grabbing takeout and or sitting in the cafe section. We chose to order at the counter and sit nearby to eat. Based on my own preferences, as well as the suggestions of others ( both on Yelp and by other patrons there) we both chose the corned beef. It took a matter of minutes and I LOVED that it was delivered to us on a simple square of wax paper. A nice touch, that allowed us to be messy and able to be cleaned up easy afterwards. For the uninitiated, the gimmick of primanti bros is a hot coldcut sandwich on Italian bread slices with L&T and coleslaw and fries pressed in.The Corned Beef Primanti didn't disappoint.  In my opinion, it had the perfect meat/bread/cheese/ topping ratio. It really hit the spot. I'd go as far to say that if we did nothing else in PBurgh, it was worth the trip.My friend was a little nonplussed that their bathroom stalls didn't have doors but I didn't go there to poop, I went there to do the opposite! You should too! Put it on your bucket list and get your hands on one.
4	I live in Atlanta and, as far as I know, we don't have anything comparable to a Primanti Bros. sandwich nearby.  There is just nothing like it.  That being said, I have to go to Primanti Bros. every time I am in Pitt on a business trip.My favorite has to be the Pastrami, but I have tried a different sandwich each time and I have never... ever... been disappointed.  The fries are good and the cole slaw is out of control.  Throw all that on some Italian bread and... I'm speechless.  I can't wait to taste you again, Primanti Bros.
4	Pirmanti Bros is always on my list of places to visit when I visit Pittsburgh. As one of the staple restaurants when you are in the area and it home of their famous sandwiches. The combination of delicious sandwiches covered with their homemade fries and slaw, make this a great place for lunch or dinner.If you aren't heading downtown, don't worry, there are many Pirmanti locations around Pittsburgh. Although I definitely would suggest going to this location, definitely has the best inner city vibe around.Whenever friends or family visit Pittsburgh, they always want to visit Pirmantis and I agree. Check it out.
3	Apparently this place is famous? That's really the only reason we went to this place. I didn't really get a good vibe from this place. It's definitely an extremely casual place to eat at. The place was separated into two sections. Since the main floor and bar was taken, we sat at the back on the next room where they had the full drink bar. That was a mistake, the place reeked! There was trash all over the place. It seemed like we just came in right after they had a big rush of people, which is still not an excuse to have such a filthy environment. This is definitely not the place for germaphobes! Especially since they just serve your food on plain wrappers. Okay, okay, aside from nit picking about the cleanliness, the food was pretty amazing! I had their jumbo fish sandwich and trust me, they do not kid around when they say jumbo. It was huge! Not to mention, everything on their board menu was affordable.I wish I could say I had the same amazing review about their staff. The lady was just rude and slapped everything so quickly and spoke too quickly too. She seemed like she did not want to serve us at all. She didn't even give us our ticket so we could pay for our meals. We had to tell the cashier to ring us up. The cashier/bar person was pretty nice though. She had a heavy accent but tried to tell us about when the merchandiser guy would be coming by to sell t-shirts and stuff, since we had asked her about purchasing some as souvenirs. Just hope that the next visit here would be better. Oh but I would say that you have to definitely try out a Primanti Brother restaurant at least once! It's a whole different world!
1	My little experience here has been bothering me so I have decided to put in my two cents. First of all, the place was filthy. I understand that they may have been busy, but I almost expected a rat to scurry across the floor at any given moment. I don't think I saw anyone run a washcloth over the counters or tables the entire time I was in this hole. Second, the service was God awful! There were 2 people serving/cooking. The guy came up to my companion and I, asked what we wanted to order, then before I had half a second to open my mouth and utter a sound the "server" walled away and served someone else. He did this no less than twice. I would have walked right out if this hadn't been the only place open to get a bit to eat within a reasonable walking distance from a concert venue I was attempting to visit. There was a woman making the food, and she didn't change her latex gloves between handling raw meat and cooked meat or rinse her hands when she handled meat to grabbing the coleslaw by hand. She seemed to know which orders were which, but the guy was having trouble keeping them straight. Maybe he could have TRIED to write them down. And lastly, the food. I had ordered the roast beef and an extra side of loaded fries. The bread was hard, not toasted hard, stale hard. The beef was just OK, but not bad. But the fries, the staple of a Primanti sandwich, were disgusting! The oil that they had been fried in tasted like it hadn't been changed in over a year, which I am sure is not the case...I hope...
2	So I was super excited to eat here. I had seen Primanti's on so many "Best of" shows finally, being in Pittsburgh last Christmas I got my chance. Now. I love old dive places. Places that clearly have history. Places where you can just feel how many families and friends have had truly special times there. All of the pictures on the wall. The raucous Steeler fans. I was in nostalgia heaven. With all of that said. I really wanted to love Primanti's, maybe I'm a snobby New Yorker. But.Yeah.I'm sorry Pittsburgh. Really i am. Don't hate me. I don't even want to say it. But....I didn't like my sandwich. The table of Pittsburgh kids I ate with were all in shock. But idk it really just didn't do it for me. Clearly it does it for thousands of Steel City residents everyday so decide for yourself.
1	Went here after seeing Primanti Brothers featured on Man v. Food.  Er, yeah...is this the best diner food Pittsburgh has to offer?   The sandwiches were totally bland, and although tall, not very big. They weren't particularly appetizing. I opted to not finish mine even though I definitely could have if I had wanted to. The bread was sort of cheap. Flavorless fries, and I'm pretty sure the only condiment I found was ketchup, or possibly hot sauce. I don't remember which overstuffed sandwich I ordered. I only remember the bitter taste of disappointment. I don't think it was all that cheap for what you get, either.   Primanti Brothers may have invented the overstuffed sandwich, but it seems like they have been resting on their laurels ever since...I don't know...the Industrial Revolution? (or whenever they first came up with the idea). The Panini's franchise in Cleveland, Ohio does overstuffed sandwiches better, and I'm not saying this because of some dumb, imaginary football rivalry, either.   What was really poor was the atmosphere of Primanti Brothers. The place is located by the river. Outside of Primanti Bros, there was this overpowering rotting fish smell. It was either rotting fish or loading dock garbage, but it smelled rather bad. The ladies room was terrifying. It was down a steep flight of stairs into this dank, dark concrete basement. I saw a cockroach in the ladies room, which was what I imagined a prison bathroom would look like. I'm not even sure if they have wheelchair accessible restrooms here (you might want to check before you make the trek).   My overall experience with Primanti Brothers was that its reputation as a good sandwich place is mostly hype.
4	So I understand this is the original location for Primanti Bros - is that right?  My sister-in-law and her husband were trying to talk me out of eating here... "nasty sandwich" is the phrase she used to describe it and I shrugged my shoulders.  Last Monday, she took us to breakfast @ Pamela's but I made a big deal about how I wasn't going to spoil my appetite and would hold out for one of your sandwiches - my sister-in-law was all like "you won't like it" but I pretended I couldn't hear her - she insisted on waiting in the car with the kids... whatever.  I ordered the hot sausage sandwich and it was a heart-stopper.  The lady at the grill was super nice and asked me where I was from and explained the Primanti to me... "all ingredients are fresh, etc etc" - at one point, what I believe was their tomato vendor came in to order a sandwich and she sent him back to get some more tomatoes... she spoke freely in the expletive vernacular - it was honestly refreshing.  Oh yeah - my sister-in-law, she's from St. Louis and is a college professor (in theology), so I hope that explains where she's coming from and why I cannot take her food critique seriously.  Some people eat sandwiches holding their pinkies out (she and her husband are that kind of sandwich eaters) but looking to my left and right @ the lunch counter, I don't think I saw any pinkies sticking out... just saying.Your sandwiches are delicious and I look forward to having another one if/when I'm back in the area.
5	I went on a Friday during Lent and I got the cheesesteak. Oh and I gave up fries for Lent, I think Jesus will forgive me because c'mon, it's Primanti's!!!Just as good as my last visit eight years ago!
4	After learning of how famous Primanti is (it was named best sandwich by the Food Network), I decided to indulge in one of the most unhealthy yet amazing sandwiches I have yet to try. Every local I met in Pittsburgh said I needed to try it and so that is how I ended up at this location, which to my belief is the original. I had the pastrami & cheese. But it is not just pastrami and cheese. It's pastrami and cheese between two pieces of sourdough bread, coleslaw, and fat french fries. At first, I had no idea how I was going to eat it since it was larger than my mouth could fit, but I worked something out. It tasted pretty much like heaven. I would definitely come back anytime I'm in Pittsburgh.The location has a nice older diner kind of feel. And the strip district outside is a nice place to walk around if you're looking for places to shop or explore.
4	Primanti Brothers: What hasn't been said? Nothing really, so I'll just jump in with my two cents. It's a great place to take people from out of town because 1. They always want to go here and 2. The food is decent and the atmosphere is entertaining. Those of us that live here, myself included, are understandably desensitized to the fact that all their sandwiches are topped with coleslaw and fries, but think about it: that's exactly the kind of bizarre and inventive combination that makes something as boring as a sandwich exciting.And I love watching my friends wrestle with the behemoths ("Is it shameful if I use a fork?!") when they first get plopped down all bundled up in butcher paper with no instructions, explanations or apologies. I've tried the slaw and fries by themselves, and can safely say that you should stick to the sandwiches; the chili is a waste of time too.The staff's attitude--brisk without being mean--is another big selling point. The row of old ladies behind the counter cooking up these monstrous creations laugh in a way that says, "We're laughing at you, not with you," as you tear into those first giant bites. It's both a little embarrassing and charming. When I stopped in at 10 a.m. once the first thing the waiter asked me after I was seated was, "Ready for a beer?" It's the Pittsburgh experience-revel.I've heard people complain that they're not as good as they used to be. I honestly don't know how they used to be, but here and now they're a pretty good sandwich, and yes they're famous, and yes the Strip location always has a million tourists under foot, but people from out of town don't mind fighting crowds-they're expecting it. If you hate the wait (or you're just a hungry drunk) you can always take advantage of the fact that they're open 24 hours and show up at 2 am., or 3 a.m., or...you get the idea.
2	Had to try a classic cheesesteak sandwich since it got such great reviews on Yelp. It was tasteless without ketchup and hot sauce and even after adding those, it didn't taste very good. Also, the fries were cold-- bleh! I don't get what the hype is about. Yes it's cheap and filling, but it's also bland.
1	Honestly its nothing special at all.  Put fries on a sandwich?  Cool idea.  Not at all actually especially when the fries aren't cooked.  The quality of the meats is nothing special and yes the bread is fresh and soft but who cares when your sandwich tastes like chalk and is so soggy that you start to hate the city even more.  People talk about this place like it is so amazing but seriously there is so much more to Pittsburgh than this dinky sandwich place.
3	Went for lunch today. Was very excited to finally visit the place after seeing it on tv. I was hungry and ready for a big sandwich. We ordered a couple different sandwiches to try. I am not a big Cole slaw fan but decided when in Rome...  The sandwiches were good, not great. The bread was awesome, nice and fresh. The meats were good, and the Cole slaw was ok. The two biggest disappointments to me were the fries (they were awful - soggy and bland) and the sandwiches were not that big. I was hungry when I left. I would go back again but not get the Cole slaw and fries on the sandwich. The bread is sooooo good I am craving another sandwich. My faves were the double egg & cheese and the corned beef sandwich. The fountain coke was really good by the way.
3	This is a sandwich like no other.I'm not saying this was the most delicious thing I have ever eaten, but it is like a piece of Pittsburgh history, you just have to try it once. Walking in, you feel the local flavor. There was a firetruck parked outside. This place is simple. You walk in and can order at the counter or sit down. The menu is listed on the wall, huge. Basics- Sandwich, Meat, Cheese, Coleslaw and Fries all between two pieces of bread.I tried the Pastrami and my husband tried the Philly Steak. I think mine was better. He did too.They bring you your meal on wax paper. No plates. Watch out, its a little greasy. There are no "healthy" options here just FYI. Great place to people watch too.
3	You know, I showed up because it was recommended on the food network.  The food was good, the fod was different, but I am not overwhelmingly compelled to try it again.  If you are considering going, go.  It is a truely, different dining experience.
3	Pretty good sandwich. Old school area love it. Would give it 3 1/2 stars. Have to give it a try world famous.
4	The sandwich is special, so go at least once for the experience. The past reviews said it all- fries + coleslaw + your choice of meat between two slices of white bread. Do it. We also got the chili cheese fries, which were pretty bomb.com. If I ever went again, I would probably just get the chili which had large chunks of tomato. So good. Cash only unless you want to end up doing their dishes.
3	Drove from Detroit to see a Tigers/Pirates baseball game, and decided to stop at the Man v. Food locations while there - Primanti Bros. was my least favorite. I wound up getting the pastrami sandwich, and I didn't care for it much at all. For about $7, you get a DECENT size sandwich - not nearly as big as what's shown on MvF - with DECENT flavor. Not a great value, and not the best sandwich in the world, but if you've seen Man v. Food, I'd recommend going just to say you went there. Really though, don't expect anything mind-blowing - Adam definitely overdoes his reaction on the show. Absolutely average.
5	My trip to New York was delayed by a powerful blizzard that rocked the East Coast in December. I landed in Pittsburgh by accident, only hope was to take the flight to Pittsburgh and drive back to New York. We met up with my GF sister, she was vacationing in Pittsburgh at the time, decided to take us to Primanti Bros. Let me tell you the hype on Food Network is TRUE! I tried the Cappicola with eggs and it was seriously the best sandwich i ate in my life! The Italian bread was moist, had the perfect texture, the provolone cheese was fresh and mouthwatering, coleslaw had this addicting cider vinegary tangy taste to it, and the seasoned fries complimented the meat, coleslaw, and bread perfectly. I chased it all down with the local Iron City beer. I recently was told by a friend that San Francisco has a joint that is similar called Giordano Bros. I will have to give that a try soon!
2	What a shame- this place has been heading a downhill track for 20 years.  I grew up on the sandwich- so I have been eating ham egg and cheese at Pramanti's  in the strip for over 40 years.  When I was a kid we would stay up late and go a midnight when they opened and they only had one location.  When they expanded to Oakland and other remote spots the place changed- but they still were good eats- then they sold and it has been a downhill trip.  The sandwichs are no longer unique but copied all over even at Eat n Park- the bread - the size - the love and care the quality of the slaw and the meats are all gone- now it is stadium food and it should be no surprise that you can buy them at PNC Park.  What really makes me mad is that is the official food of Pittsburgh and it is not very good.  Boo Hoo.  It also shocks me how loyal the city is to a long gone past.  Try something new or hope someone at Pramanti's will fix the failed sandwichs.
4	Pirmanti's is excellent if you acknowledge what it is going in. Cheap, plentiful food and cheap beer. If you expect anything more from it--good service or creative menu, you might find yourself being disappointed. There is something about eating a huge sandwich that can suffice for an entire meal (or two) that is kind of fun. Plus, no one looks elegant while eating one of these sandwiches. Consider them your own personal equalizer. Plus, their beer is pretty cheap and the salt and grease in the sandwiches can make you pretty thirsty. However, the service, at all of the locations I have visited, leaves a little something to be desired. Ranging from slightly bad to willfully rude. Downton location only takes cash, so beware! The Market Square location is great for people watching, but truly horrendous service. The more suburban locations pretty much feel like your average sports bar, so you're really only going for the sandwich at this point, not the experience. If you do go to Pittsburgh, it's totally a must. Just don't expect it to be anything it isn't.
3	I wasn't going to come all the way to Pittsburgh and *not* eat a Primanti's sandwich at the original location.  It's quintessentially "Pittsburgh" and apparently one of those things you love or you hate, you revere or revile.Husband and I made three attempts to eat here.  The first two times, the line was out the door and down the block.  There's not a whole lot of food I'll stand on a long line for, and I definitely wasn't interested in squandering precious vacation time waiting to order a sandwich.  So we came back at 11 on a Sunday -- since this location is open 24 hours -- walked right in to an empty dining room, sat at the bar behind the flat top, and were eating within 10 minutes.So?I fall right in the middle of love/hate, revere/revile.  Most places give you fries and slaw on the side of your sandwich.  Primanti's puts them both *between* the bread, along with tomato and cheese.  This makes for a messy -- albeit convenient -- meal.  Husband and I split a tuna salad and the "Colossal Fish," with a huge, deep-fried fish filet.  The sandwiches are incredibly filling, and they were good, but my mind wasn't blown.  It's deli meats and cheeses on bread they don't bake in-house.  Frankly, I think husband and I liked the mayo-less, sweet and sour slaw the best out of everything, even ordering an extra side of it to smother our sammies with.I'm glad to have had the Primanti's experience.  But I couldn't eat one of those bad boys very often without a cardiologist on speed dial.[15 Minutes of Fame: "FoodNation with Bobby Flay", "Man v. Food" (Capicola and Egg Sandwich), "101 Tastiest Places to Chow Down", "Food Paradise: Sandwich Paradise"]
3	I'm not really much of a sandwich guy but being in Pittsburgh this is "the" thing to do.Being a Philadelphian, its easy for most Philadelphians to eschew any cheese-steak attempt by outsiders.  However, I'm not going to do that here since anything served on slices of white bread cannot be considered a cheese-steak.  This review is of a sandwich and not a cheese-steak attempt.I had the angus cheese-steak.  I'd say taste wise, this is more of a two star place but they deserve an extra star for originality with the fries in the sandwich.  The fries (although slightly undercooked and very soggy) add an interesting dynamic to a sandwich.  The meat was very much on the small scale but was cooked just fine.Overall, I'd definitely say its a place to be visited if you haven't had it before but I can totally see why my Pittsburgh native friend hadn't had a sandwich there in over 5 years.
1	As one who is not a Pittsburgh native it has taken me a while to develop my Primanti Brothers palette. I enjoy going to our local location in Cranberry and very much appreciate the unique food. The cheese steak is a real treat. This visit was a disappointment at best. I stopped in for lunch while I was in the area. The staff had a generally disinterested attitude and I practically had to wait on myself. I can deal with the Pittsburgh attitude, but the biggest issue here I witnessed as I was finishing my meal. Not only were the staff making the sandwiches with their bare hands (think of them sticking their paws directly in the slaw), they were also handling cash transactions in between. I'm don't consider myself a food-prep prude, but this is ridiculous and nothing short of a health issue. This is one of the few eateries in Pittsburgh that I will not return to voluntarily.
3	I enjoyed the sandwich.  Sandwich and slaw shoved into there.  I'll have to agree with the others here.  It is an acquired taste.  Not blown away.  But I'm glad I got a chance to try it myself.
5	Awesome food, great atmosphere.  I cannot wait to go there in July we travel to Pittsburgh twice a year and always stop here for a lunch.
1	My wife and I visited after seeing people rave about it on TV.  I've been to dirty places before and I am a fan of dives.  But when it comes to unsanitary conditions, this place takes the grand prize.  Slaw and fries were ok, but the meat on my cheesesteak was an artificial "beef patty," about five steps below a McDonald's burger.  It was more like a low-quality meatloaf.  If you want fries on a sandwich done well, visit the famous grease trucks at Rutgers University.
2	The first time I was in Pittsburgh, I just had to go to Primanti Brothers to see what all the hype was about. A sandwich about the size of my head appeared, and the reputation I've heard of this place all along had me expecting the greatest thing since sliced bread. Well, it was ok. Putting more stuff between bread shouldn't really qualify a "famous sandwich". The meat was questionable and the slaw just didn't make it past one bite. ***********I thought, maybe my expectations got the better of me. So, I gave it another shot a year later. I ordered the fish sandwich. The fish was lost in the fried batter. :( Again, with the slaw. Geez. The fries in the sandwich was a creative touch, I can agree. But somehow the whole thing just didn't come together. Sorry to say, I will not be returning to Primanti Brothers for said "great sandwich".
5	Primanti Brothers is a top take in Pittsburgh every time my wife and I visit.  We have been a few times and plan on going back every time we visit Pittsburgh.  I plan on trying a different main ingredient on my sandwich every time.  Despite being real busy all the time they are very friendly and the service is always great.  I cant wait to try the Capicola and egg next visit.
4	Really, really wanted to give this place a 5, but the wait was just to long. Now granted I can't fault a place for being busy, but the whole time we were there, there was always a line of about 5 people or more out the door, and they literally had a packed house with 3 people working, total, including the cook.Now granted, the food was OUTSTANDING as we predicted. My girlfriend saw this place on the Food Network, and I grew up in and around "The Burgh", so this wasn't my first time here, but I hadn't been in about 5 years after moving to California.We were not disappointed taste wise, as everyone knows about this place. But again, I really wanted to put a 5, but with the wait, which for us was literally 20 minutes, an extremely solid 4 is the best I can do.
3	This place oozes Pittsburgh. Unhealthy food and lots of beer. All in all, a decent experience. I loved the sports pub atmosphere. I thought the food was just ok. I think I was looking to be blown away by the flavors of the french fries in the sandwich, but I was unimpressed. If I am going to eat something THAT unhealthy, I want it to blow me away. Sounded amazing in theory.
4	Saw Primanti Brothers on Man vs. Food and had heard about it from some friends in Pittsburgh and others that had visited.Very good sandwich, lots of history, unique menu. So why did I rate Primanti's as 4 stars and not 5?Reason #1- Although I thought it was a very good sandwich, it wasn't great. For Mike to give your sandwich 5 stars, it has to be great. Every sandwich is topped with fries and Cole slaw. I've never been a big fan of the slaw, so this was a negative for me and probably just made it a really good sandwich, instead of great.Reason #2- Unfair expectations. Based on all of the hype, I went in to Primanti's expecting to eat the best sandwich I've ever had. That's a high bar for any sandwich to achieve.I do love the vast variety of sandwich options on the menu and would love to go back and try some others. I ordered the Black Angus Steak sandwich the first time and then went back later that night and ordered the Double Egg and cheese. Definitely an above average sandwich, just not the best sandwich I've ever had.
5	The quintessential Pittsburgh sandwich, many try to replicate it (looking at you Cleveland), but there's nothing like the real thing. Brought guys here from Columbus, Cincinnati and Chicago and everyone agreed it was the perfect late night* sandwich._____________________* Wasn't just a drunk thing - At this point we had sobered up a bit from losing all of our money at the casino.
5	Awwww yeaaah! Awesome service, awesome sammiches, cheap!And we met some Cubs players there.
4	So I was a tourist in Pittsburgh. Even though I had heard that overrated rumors swirling about Primanti Bros, I would be remiss if I didn't at least give it a shot.I have to say, I actually enjoyed it very much.We got there a little after noon. I expected it to be wall to wall people with us waiting for forever. Instead, we walked right in and sat down at the counter. Perfect.I got the capicola and cheese with an egg added on. The first bite was actually surprising because the coleslaw was unlike anything I've had on a sandwich before, but by bite two I couldn't get enough of it. Delicious. The fries and bread are a bit soggy, but it all seems to work.If and when I go back to Pittsburgh, I'll probably eat here again. Pretty good sandwich. I gave it the extra star because it's a cool experience, even if it is a little touristy.One thing to be aware of that is incorrect on Yelp as of right now - this place does NOT accept credit cards. Cash only. Be prepared.
3	Visited Pittsburgh last month, I was told this was the place to try. I ordered the Pastrami, it was really good and fresh. I didn't care for the fries on the sandwich, they were pretty soggy. My daughters ordered the Steak and Cheese, they didn't finish the sandwich. They were expecting the traditional sliced steak, instead it was a patty, reminded me of a Steak Um. We got the loaded fries, the cheese was kind of like cheese whiz, the bacon tasted like bacon bits not fresh bacon.  They accept Cash Only. Stick to the deli meats, pastrami, turkey, corned beef. I'd stay away from the Steak and Cheese and Fries. My sandwich was great, sorry my daughters didn't have the same experience. If you are a tourist it is definely a great spot to check out and get the experience. I found the staff very friendly. Enjoyed our stay in Pittsburgh and all the nice people.
5	Love the slaw and fries on their sandwiches. Its different and I can see why it is a local favorite. Highly recommended. Only negative is it is cash only
3	The main reason you go is for the experience, to experience the place and the fun sandwich.  Went before the Pirate game a couple of days ago.  Place was not crowded and had quick and Ok service, which can be a change depending on the mood of the staff.  Having been to Primati's many times have learned to get some of the meats that have a little bit of zip/taste so ordered the capicolla, and the sandwich came out hot and the capicolla was very good.  The slaw had a tart taste and went well with the sandwich, my only grip is the fries, why are they so eh and so soft and mushy.  Yes the Italian bread was good and yes the sandwich got a little soggy and the bread started to get little hard to handle and break apart. But that is all part of a Fun Experience of Primanti's.
4	Yep- this is the place that stuffs your sandwich full of fries. Enough said.
5	Impress your parentsWith your sandwich smarts*! AvoidGoing on game day.*Double cheese, double roast beef(b)
3	If you are in Pittsburgh, you must visit Primanti Brothers.  We trekked to the original location in the Strip district to grab one of their famous sandwiches.The original location looks like a bar but when you walk-in it looks like a takeout counter.  I ordered the Angus steak sandwich to share with my parents.  When our sandwich came out, it was gigantic.  Not sure, how one person could eat of it, but I guess American stomaches are bigger than Canadians.  Overall, the sandwich was ok, the hand-cut fries are a nice touch and I liked the coleslaw in the sandwich.  It was messy.  The steak was hidden with all the other toppings in the sandwich.This place is worth checking out if you are in the Pittsburgh area.
2	While this place gets high reviews for the unusual, decadent, over-the-top sandwiches, I was sorely disappointed by the meager amount of corned beef in my sandwich. I ended up taking the meat out of one side and adding it to the other and not eating the other half. Not sure I would return -- too many other interesting cuisines to investigate.
5	Yep, I volunteered for a Pittsburgh work assignment strictly because of this restaurant.   Being a woman by myself in a town I'm not familiar with, this place was quite a challenge to find.   But I had to go to the original or why bother?I had seen Primanti Bros featured on TV and it seemed like a really intimidating place to order and eat.   However, when I walked in there it was very casual and inviting.I sat at the counter and ordered a roast beef and cheese with a Yuengling, and I watched as the cooks created my monster of a sandwich.  I'm not a big fan of "stuff" in my sandwich but I was hooked by the first bite.   The roast beef was extremely juicy and soft, the coleslaw had the perfect tang, and the french fries were simply a fried bonus of goodness.I would probably be about 500lbs if I lived in Pittsburgh because I would be eating there all of the time.  So good!
5	I've loved Primanti's since pretty much my first bite years ago. There are so many options to choose from, but once one becomes a regular you seem to stick to what you like most. For me it is the "No. 2 bestseller" cheese steak. Since all the other reviews tell you the sandwich ingredients I won't bore you with the details except to say that even if you don't like traditional coleslaw give Primanti's a try anyway. It really is special. Primanti's has been feeding the working people of Pittsburgh for years and for years the sandwich has remained the same. It's great to know that know matter what happens some things in this world remain the same, and this stacked sandwich will always be one of them. Some people have complained about the blandness of the sandwich itself. Though I agree that by itself it can be a bit bland, but there is an assortment of condiments you can add to spice it up. I prefer to shake on a little salt and some hot sauce before each bite. I've seen others use pepper and ketchup, and still others just salt and pepper. That's what makes Primanti's so great, everyone's sandwich is personalized to their own tastes and each bite is a little different.
5	Primanti's is a local food.  For anyone like me who grew up in the Pittsburgh area, your brain is already hardwired for borderline obsession with this product.  However, if you're a first-timer, you might love it, you might hate it.  Or maybe it will take you a few tries and it will grow on you.  That seem to be the case for any regional fare.  If it were a food that everyone instantly loved, Primanti's would be a national chain.  But thank goodness it's not, because the nostalgia of this Pittsburgh, blue-collared staple would be lost anywhere outside the city.  (But who am I kidding, I'd probably visit the Florida locations, too, if I were in the area.)  You may not love it, but you owe it to yourself to at least try it.
4	I'd been to Primanti Brothers a few years ago while in Pittsburgh for work, and I was disappointed. I will say though, that the first time, I had takeout. This time, the hubby and I went for lunch on a Sunday afternoon before driving back to Chicago. I had the corned beef and the hubby had the pastrami. This is one seriously delicious sandwich. I LOVE the slaw and fries packed right in, and the two meats we chose were perfect. I could only finish half of my sandwich, so be warned - it's huge!
3	It's obligatory if you've never been to Pittsburgh before as it's a staple. The place won't wow you with it's ambiance by any stretch of the imagination but it has a feel. Sandwiches are classic just make sure you have an alka seltzer handy.
4	What's to say about Primanti Brothers that hasn't already been said?I got the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak. I was unimpressed by the taste, but totally blown away by the food itself. As someone who can't eat a lot of bread, I found it still delicious when sharing with my friend. If i were to go again (which I probably will) I'll order the Reuben with an egg. That just sounds fun.I also had the fries covered in cheese, chili, and sour cream. After reading other reviews about the bacobits I opted to not get those - I do have watch my figure after all! :)The food comes quick. We go in, ordered, sat down, ate, and cleaned up within 30 minutes. Granted this was like a Thursday evening and I was going simply because EVERYONE said I had to go when I visited Pittsburgh, so I can't say it's like that every night. But when they're not busy, it's quick. When they are busy be prepared to order your food...properly. Apparently late night if you order incorrectly they'll kick you out of line and make you go to the back. Fair enough, drunk people gotta have their meat on bread ASAP. Now, don't ask me what "ordering correctly" means cause I don't understand. But I have a feeling it's like being rushed to order your hash browns at the Waffle House - smothered, covered, and diced please.
3	I've been to the original location in the Strip since writing my Oakland review. It definitely is better overall than the Oakland shop (fries were better, and just tasted fresher), but still nothing too amazing. I think the concept of the sandwich just doesn't do it for me (See Oakland Primanti's review).
5	Great family feeling inside, amazing pittsburgh classic with all the sides piled on a sandwich.  Must stop when in the burgh.
5	Sure those 5 stars have a little to do with the special place in my heart Primanti's resides in, but hear me now...the food is awesome!! You've just got to know what you're getting yourself into. This isn't for the dainty. The sandwiches have french fries on them. That is really all I should have to type here. But I'll elaborate to whip your tastebuds into a frenzy. This Pittsburgh tradition is a must visit and the food is made fresh and depending on where you sit, right in front of your face. The no-nonsense staff is nice but direct, so no fancy substitutions or off the wall requests. Besides the food is perfect the way it is. My #1 is the cheesesteak. Massive and every bite as tasty as the last, it comes complete with tomato, coleslaw, fries and meat. I kick mine up a notch with ketchup but they always have hot sauce around too. One addition people seem to like is an egg on top, whatever floats your boat! Every location has its own personality but this one is the original and best if you ask me. Grab a Yuengling  lager to wash it all down, especially if you're from the west cause sadly you won't see it out there.
5	Best stuffed sandwich I have ever had. We need a Primanti's in California.
5	Since moved to Pittsburgh this is my second home. Italian bread roasted beef coleslaw and fries what a genius Idea !!!
2	Once upon a time...before profiteering became more important than product, there were a lot of good food items to be had.   Anyone remember when Twinkies or Ho Ho's actually tasted like food, and not like chemical compounds?Well, the same applies to Primanti Brothers.Once upon a time, there was a little sandwich shop in Pittsburgh that was trying very hard to be like the famous steak sandwich shops in Philly.  After all, Pittsburgh really wasn't (and still isn't) 'known' for anything other than dirty steel mills, followed closely by closed steel mills, and the mill workers who sat around waiting for them to reopen, even after they'd been torn down and the property turned into malls.Primanti Brother at one time was a decent sandwich shop with a quirky gimmick.  They put your sides ON the sandwich.  Yes, you could get a steak sandwich piled high with your favorites...french fries and cole slaw...in addition to the usual lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and cheese.As time rolled by, the restaurants sprang up in several locations around the city, primarily anywhere that there might be a mall nearby, or a bunch of drunks who really didn't care WHAT they were eating, and there even sprang up one of the shops in Ft. Lauderdale.As the business grew, the Primanti Brothers started cutting corners to maximize profits.  The meat became nothing more than Steak-Ums, and they started adding everything under the sun that could be served on a bun to their menu to try to draw in more people.  A nice healthy chicken breast...grilled in the same grease as everything else and topped with fries and cole slaw. Now, anyone not from Pittsburgh should know...native Pittsburghers are not exactly known for having distinguished tastes...in anything.  In fact, people in Pittsburgh will stand and give a raving standing ovation and scream 'faaaaabulous'...for what most folks around the country in more metropolitan cities would say 'eh'.Last year, I had jury duty.  The Pittsburgh Courthouse is located near one of the many Primanti grease pits.  I thought I'd try a fish sandwich since I was on a limited budget for the day, and time was too short to sit down in any other restaurant.Greasy, didn't taste much like fish, the batter was soggy from the grease, the cheese clearly came in little squares from a plastic package, and even the tartar sauce couldn't make it more palatable.  My stomach felt rock laden the rest of the day.More recently, a couple from San Francisco came into the store where I work, which is near one of the Primanti restaurants.  They'd heard all the hype, and had lunch.The woman said to me: "WHAT is up with Primanti?  Everyone kept telling us we had to have a Primanti while we were in Pittsburgh!"She looked at me, rolled her eyes, stuck out her tongue and said:  "Bleeech!"I shrugged my shoulders and told her I agreed.I guess we could say that Primanti is kind of the White Castle of Pittsburgh, only with more "GOOOO Steelers" - ambience.It is best eaten after a drunken bender, when you aren't really hungry, but are the type to eat like you're at a trough after guzzling half a keg of beer.Or...you think McD's is fine dining.Don't buy the hype.  The gimmick of the fries and slaw on the sandwich doesn't make it a decent meal.  Just means you're gullible to local yokel advertising.  And sadly, there really isn't another thing in Pittsburgh that stands out.
5	So amazing.
4	The very best cole slaw I've had anywhere!
3	Great place for a quick bite. Not a place to linger after finishing your meal with another beer. Service was not overly friendly but attentive. Sandwiches were perfect size for me. Did have the cheesesteak which was more like faux-meat pressed into a burger patty which would've been fine except it tasted about as good as it looked- meh.  Will have to check out again next trip into town and make sure I get something besides the cheesesteak.
4	I still can't get into Primanti's. Perhaps it's because they're only a few letters away from being called Primadonnas. But then I do like prissy, so I don't know.Their food is just... it is good, it's just not amazing... I dunno. i don't get it. I do like it but there is something missing. It's a Pitt legend though. Don't ask them what the best seller is. The Cheesesteak is the #2 seller. That is all you will ever need to know. 4/5An update on this to tell you that, while this isn't the friendliest place in the world, there is a kind of charm to their abrasiveness that makes you feel like you're at home. They don't seem to like you using the bathroom (it's in a nightspot, go figure). The great thing is that they are genuinely 24 hours and will make you anything at any time of day.I have to admit the food is a bit more bland than other local Pittsburghese specialties along similar lines (like Peppi's). Having said that, I would recommend that everyone and their mother try eating there at least once, for three reasons. (1) It's the most famous eatery in Pitt. (2) A lot of people swear by it, so you might love it even though I don't. And (3) there is absolutely nothing in the world I have ever tried, that is similar to Primanti's sandwiches. They are, for lack of a better phrase, an entity unto themselves.Another sticking point I have is the price. It's just too high for what it is and how busy they are. But then again, you do get a whole ton of food.The only thing weirder than Primanti Bros, is that there is a Primanti Bros outside Pittsburgh. There are actually several, and they're all... yes, you guessed it. In Fort Lauderdale, Florida. I know, I know, that sounds weird. But look at it this way. If you had to pick ten large cities in America that did not have their own "local" flavour of food, Ft. Laud might be one of them, right? And if you had to guess where all the hot Italians in Pittsburgh go when they want to lay on a beach and get warm, you might guess Ft. Laud right? Well, perhaps that explains it then. Except that Primanti Bros is now not only the famous late night eatery in Pittsburgh.... it is also the most famous in Ft. Laud!Plus the Ft Laud version has better scenery in all sorts of ways. To be honest Pittsburgh girls are probably as gorgeous as South Florida girls (probably the same girls on vacation?), but the difference is they're wearing different outfits because the weather is different... you might say. And the Ft Laud location is literally across from the beach. The very same beach that, on my first ever visit to Ft. Laud, I had an intimate encounter on, with a lovely girl. I got a ticket from the police during that encounter, but not for making love... for leaving the car parked illegally at 3am while going down onto the beach to do aforementioned activity. Sorry, was that too much information?However, whereas in Pittsburgh I'd say, give it a try (the sandwich, not the sex, although that could be fun too)... if you're in Ft. Laud, do yourself a favour... drive to Miami, and try what is undeniably the best Cuban food in the United States... See my top lists for more on that.PSOh yes! Get an egg on it! It's the Pittsburghese way. Trust me.
4	What can one say? Great sandwich (corned beef) and a cold beer for lunch...tough to leave this place. Although not great....it's one of those places that you have to go to when you visit Pittsburgh...you won't be disappointed...but you won't be blown away either.
5	What is there to say that hasn't been said before. Just go and enjoy, everything they make is just delicious!!Quick tip: Flip your sandwich upside down as you don't want the cole slaw to tough your pallet first. You want the warm delicious pastrami or whatever meat you want to be what you first taste. That makes a huge difference, trust me!!
5	can anyone say, "the best damn sandwich I've ever had"? Because that's what this is. Primanti's uses fresh bread, crisp coleslaw, tasty french fries and heaps of meat to make their sandwiches.  Their quick service (although a little on the rough side at this location) makes sure you have your sandwich in your hands within 10 minutes of ordering.  Try the pastrami, pretty good if I say so myself, almost as good as the stuff you get in NY!  This place rocks. A staple of any Pittsburgh visit.
3	I came in and asked the guy behind the counter to serve up two sandwiches of whatever he thought best represented this place.  He picked pastrami and corned beef (both obviously served with french fries and coleslaw on top).The pastrami was pretty tasty.  The cool coleslaw, warm pastrami, and salty fries all worked together.  It didn't blow my mind, but it was a decent sandwich.  However, the corned beef sandwich didn't seem to have much flavor at all--at least compared to the pastrami.It was nice that they at least have a private lot for parking.
3	Just like New York pizza, Boston chowder, Philly hoagies, and Chicago dogs, you have not truly experienced Pittsburgh until you've had a Primanti's Bros. sandwich. The only difference is... the "must-eats" of named cities are actually top-notch, and Primanti's Bros. is just... okay.The whole experience was underwhelming. I came to the original Strip District location expecting the best, and ordered a Corned Beef & Cheese. This place is over-hyped because:1) The sandwiches are not as big as you've imagined. They are high because of the volume of the bread and fries. In reality, there isn't much meat. We ordered 1 sandwich to share between the two of us expecting a lot of food... but I could have easily finished it by myself.2) The meat and fries are bland. All you taste when you bite into it is the acidity of the vinegar-based slaw. I'll admit that the slaw is delicious, but that should not be the highlight!3) Service is friendly. I expected rough around the edges, blue-collared, no-nonsense attitudes, but I forgot this isn't New York.Overall, happy to check it off my list, but probably don't need to come back to Primanti Bros, or Pittsburgh in general, ever again.
4	A Pittsburgh Staple.  And apparently not just for tourists.I have been to Pittsburgh a few dozen times. and almost every time, a stop at the original Primanti's on 18th St in the Strip District is a must.Seeing how the reviews and pics have piled up here I feel I might be a bit redundant to say how awesome it is.  A one of a kind experience and sandwich goes without saying.  So let me talk about the personalities there for a quick minute.The sandwiches as you see in the pics come on a piece of waxpaper.  That's it.  No utensils, no plates, just a squeeze bottle of ketchup and a piece of waxpaper.  So needless to say with the massiveness of these beasts, a mess is inevitable  A quick look at the napkin holder to grab as many as you can before anyone else at your table does, only to realize it's empty.  "Miss, our napkin thing is empty, can we get some more?" .... In a monotone voice, & an obviously not so thrilled manner, she replies "They get filled once a day, before we open.  If they are empty, they are empty."  And then walks away as if we weren't even there.  All we had to do was steal some from another table, but still, pretty funny.Another time a small, clearly Italian man tosses our sandwiches at us, toothpick hanging out of his mouth, he says "there yas go."  Now I know "yas" is a NY thing, and "yinz" is the Pittsburgh thing, but this was definitely a "yas".  "Excuse me sir, can we get a couple of forks?"In his best Chico Marx impression, he replies, "What-cha gonna do witha fork?"  And walks away.Classic.Wrap up;A must!  Only gets 4/5 however, because as good as the food is, you can't help but leave there feelin pretty awful!
1	Monday night.  Called our order in ...picked up 15 mins later.  Walked in to pick up and place wasnt packed.  I ordered a fish sandwich.  NOT good at all!  The fish barely covers the bread!!!  They piled on the fries and slaw.  But hardly any fish!  Next was my SMALL STREET FRIES.  For over $4.00 I EXPECT REAL BACON..NOT IMMATATION BACON BITS!!! OMG!  I had to feed these fries to my dog!  FRICKEN GROSS!!!!!  Along with the great big pieces of pinto beans.  :(  This is horrible.  I was so looking forward to this food!  Thanks for letting me down!
2	Well, I must say that if you are from the local area, then you probably like this place (these places - there are now several).  I've tried the multi-stack sandwiches and simply cannot get into it at all.  There are just so many other places that truly appeal over this local chain that I am struggling to shell out two starts, let alone cash for some of these meals. Hey, if you like the place, that's great! Enjoy it.  I will not join in, so count me out.
5	I have grown up in Pittsburgh, and no matter where I travel in the world, this is my favorite place. I have been an avid, loyal, and devoted customer to my fav place. Cheesesteak rules.  I have brought friends here and anyone from out of town can find something on their menu to eat.  Every city has their niche - and this one is truly, uniquely Pittsburgh. Long live Primantis.
2	The concept is great: french fries, cheese, coleslaw and meat. It's similar to a California burrito which is a burrito with french fries in it. How can you go wrong with french fries? Well, a vinegary coleslaw, flavorless bread and soggy french fries will do it. The vinegar overpowers the rest of the sandwich and it is all you can taste. I just don't understand what all of the fuss is about. I heard so much about the legendary sandwiches, only to be greatly disappointed. I refuse to give up on french fries in a sandwich, but I do give up on Primanti's. I'm sorry Pittsburgh, please don't hate me.
5	My wife is a native Pittsburgher and we go up couple times a year.  Have never been to any of the chain stores, only the original.  I honestly can't imagine they can match the originality of the store on the Strip.  We always seem to get the same waitress from Lithuania, I think, and she always remembers us even though we are not regulars.Nothing like a Primanti Bros. sangwich and an IC.  Dang, wish I was there now!!!
5	Always my first and last stop out of the Burgh. I love this place fav sando is the kielbasa with an egg, DELISH!!! Simple, fast, must go to the strip nothing else is the same...
4	Went back, and got the corned beef this time instead of the cheesesteak.  MUCH better!  Also, have them add a fried egg to your sandwich for extra-awesomeness.New Letter Grade:  B+
3	Came here due to Yelp reviews and the Travel Network.  Very cramped and not too friendly, but the food makes up for it.  Huge portions of yummy meats, topped with coleslaw and fries on great italian bread.     Very basic menu, but all your typical subs are her.
2	Seriously?!?!?!  I was expecting the most amazing sandwich in the world after seeing this place numerous times on the food network.  Let's just say there are tons of better sandwich places out there.I came here on a saturday around lunch time with a bunch of friends and had to stand outside in a line for about 15 minutes.  If it weren't for all the hype, I would have never waited in line for such a mediocre meal.I don't understand why this place is so popular.  The bread is nothing special, just your ordinary white bread, which was soggy by the time the food comes out.  The fires were nothing special, just added carbs.  The sandwich was over-powered by the coleslaw, which i normally like.I tried the pastrami, hot sausage, and steak sandwich, and all were definitely not worth the hype.  They all came out soggy and tasted like coleslaw.My recommendation is to come to this place if you are truly interested in all the hype you see on the food network, but don't come in expecting much.
4	This was my first official Pittsburgh foodie experience.I just moved here and met a friend who was visiting and it was good. I would definitely give it another try. The turkey sandwich I ate was great and I really dug the fries inside the sandwich (although I would have also enjoyed another huge mound on the side to shove into my mouthballs). Now, I normally wouldn't object to slaw in my sandwich either, but something tasted fishy about their slaw ... literally. It tasted like fish. I don't really know how else to describe it.All aside though, not a bad sandwich and definitely not a bad price either. I feel a little closer to being a burgher, but it still can't beat Rubicon Deli in San Diego. That will always be #1 in my Cali heart.
4	I've heard about the place, through a few past classmates from grad school who are from or have visited Pittsburgh, but never had the chance to visit. That changed when two little events came together: I was taking the Megabus from Cincinnati to NYC and in between routes, needed something to eat during a 2-hour layover. And a friend who I met during grad school had just moved to Pittsburgh, so I proposed we meet up, and try Primanti Bros. Because Chris and his new wife could pick me up, I suggested we drive a little bit and head to the original Strip District location.I was a little daunted as to what to order, especially since the menu was on the walls, rather than printed handheld, but decided on the roast beef sandwich. Very tasty, especially with the fries in it! I also appreciated the decor in the restaurant (I am a Penguins fan). The place wasn't too busy, so the atmosphere was relaxing.If I'm in Pittsburgh again, Primanti's is a must for me (and you!)
4	Yinzers around the burgh unite! Primanti's is a permanent staple in any real Pittsburghers' diet. Heaps of delicious deli meat, stacked on fresh locally baked bread, blanketed with zesty cole slaw and crispy fries...mmmmmm! Brush up on your "pittsburgh-ese" and go have a sandwich and a brew!
5	Pittsburgh's finest.  Very old-fashioned atmosphere, not very big, but it's famous for a good reason:  it's bangin.
4	After what turned into an all day struggle with Megabus getting to Pittsburgh, we finally arrived around 9:00PM on a Friday night. Hungry, and gross, we took our turns cleaning up in the hotel and got ready to go find some grub. Of course, Primanti Brothers was the first thing that was on my mind.Upon arriving at the restaurant, which is hidden down an alley way that looks less than inviting late at night to those unfamiliar with the area, we chose our sandwich and began checking out the menu which was located on a giant board on the wall. Now, I have had a sandwich very similar to this in Chicago at Lucky's Sandwich Shop, so the idea of a sammy filled with french fries and coleslaw was nothing new to me.  However, I was anything but disappointed. After ordering, our food arrived promptly, hot, and was absolutely delicious. With plenty of sandwich choices, and an overall cheap menu, there is really very little to complain about when it comes to Primanti Brothers. If you find yourself in Pittsburgh, with some extra time and a hungry stomach, I would highly recommend checking this place out.
5	primantis is not for everyone. ill admit that its not this fantastical godsend some people make it out to be. its a big greasy sandwich with a unique combination of ingredients that can be hit or miss depending on your personal tastes and how you order it.why do i love primantis so much, then? because it is the hearts and soul of pittsburgh manifested in the form of a loaded sandwich. if you are from pittsburgh, even if you dont particularly like the sandwiches, primantis probably means something to you. its another point of pride for the city (or its sons and daughters) to rally around. just like the steelers, or the pens, or the goofy accents. its part of what makes pittsburgh unique and wonderful.whenever i go home to visit, it has become a sort of ritual for me to get one. i do this because i cant get it anywhere else, its a distinct piece of home. i think i actually go to primantis more now than i did when i lived in pittsburgh. as far as my personal preferences, i like to go with either the corned beef or the pastrami with hot sauce and ketchup and if im feeling sassy ill get a fried egg on it.the local favorite is the cheese steak, however i dont really find it that great. last time i got it i had the worst farts ever, i cant verify whether or not they were the sandwichs fault. if you would like to try the cheese steak anyway, i would like to warn you that its not what you typically think of when you hear "cheese steak." its more comparable to a hamburger patty that a regular cheese steak. lastly, i want to make note of the fact that primantis is open 24 hours. this is great because primantis is the perfect drunk food. after all the bars close at 2 and you are wandering around the strip or southside, all boozed up with the munchies you can always rely on primantis to be there for you. and when this moment happens and you eat that sandwich, in your hungry inebriated state, it will be the most delicious food you have ever tasted.i recommend primantis to anyone visiting pittsburgh, youre not going to get anything like it anywhere else and it will help you feel the full effect of the town. if you live there you should probably be eating one right now.
3	Yes, we made the rookie mistake of visiting on game day. Some of the staff seemed happy to be there and helpful. The food was good and unique, and the Black Angus Sirloin Strip Sandwich was quite large. Unfortunately, we had a really bad experience with service that was pushy, impatient and unhelpful. The server seemed completely uninterested in helping us. We could have walked out without even being noticed, but instead, we had to grab the server's attention just to pay our bill. Don't let this dissuade you from trying it out and drawing your own conclusion.
3	From what I understand, the kitsch of this place it to be rude and have a bad attitude towards customers.  If I would have understood that before I went, maybe I would have been a little easier on the place.  I'm from northwestern PA, and over Christmas, my boyfriend and I flew back to my parents for Christmas from Denver.  Having never been to Pittsburgh, and being the foodie that he is, he knew he wanted to go to the original Primanti Bros. I personally like the sandwich- give this Irishwoman corned beef any day.  Add some coleslaw and cram some fries between two slices of Italian bread, and I'm satisfied (and a few pounds heavier).  I like the history behind the sandwich- truck drivers who needed something quick to pick up and didn't have time to eat, got all ingredients wrapped in a paper and could be on their way.   It was really the atmosphere that threw me off.  Call me overly-sensitive, but when I go out to eat, I'd rather not feel like I'm a nuisance to your establishment and a bother for you to serve.  Maybe living out west has softened me, but you can expect that any server out here, whether they be working at a sub shop or upscale restaurant, will ask you about your day and joke around with you 99% of the time. So I was unprepared for the next hour that unfolded.    When we arrived, the two of us were directed to a large booth in the corner that could have sat at least 6 people.  Everyone, and I mean everyone- from the manager to the servers- were rolling their eyes and giving us dirty looks for sitting in such a large booth, but that is where we were told to sit.  Finally they made us move to a smaller table, and after we asked if we were causing a problem, the waitress stated, "Just forget it, whaddya wanna order?" Seriously, we overheard several waitresses barking to their tables and rolling their eyes to patrons while making snarky remarks.  One girl at the table next to us was just making a statement that she loved when the fries first came out because they're so fresh....and the waitress rolled her eyes and huffed, "Oh, well then I'll make sure to get right on that, huh?!" nastily.  Yikes. You better know what you want immediately, because this is a "hurry-up-and-order, so you can gobble-down-your-food and get-the-hell-out" kind of place.  They really make you feel like you're wasting their precious time there.  I get it!! You have a lot of people to serve during your lunch rush- So do about 1,000,000 other restaurants, yet those places can do it graciously and make it appear effortless.  So we ordered quickly, the food came quickly, and we were eh. satisfied. That's when the daunting "CASH ONLY" sign reared its ugly face.  Both of us rely on our debit cards and rarely carry cash.  Our eyes widened at the thought of what might happen.....Would they: A) Make us wash dishes?,Or, the more obvious option, B) Murder us right then and there? The ol' luck of the Irish saved my tail and there turned out to be an ATM inside.  We were saved.  After withdrawing a $20, we got our tab- which was only about $14.  We slunk up to the counter to pay.  The rudest waitress of all grabbed our check and $20 from us.  She gave us about $6 and some change.  I believe in leaving at least some amount of tip, no matter how bad the service is; because the waitress could have been a bad day, the poor service could have been someone else's fault, etc.  So as we go to hand back a few of the dollars, the waitress ripped and i mean RIPPED the remaining $6 out of our hands for the tip and sarcastically said, "Thanks!"  I certainly didn't want the tip money to go to her, as our main waitress was "friendlier," if that's what you can call it.  Go here because you can't get the original sandwich anywhere else.  Go here because when checking out a new city, it would be atrocious to go to a boring chain restaurant, and it's always great to see what local places a city has to offer.    All-in-All, know what to expect when you go here: 1) Don't waste space at the table you sit at 2) Order quickly and act like a pro 3) Know that there are better sandwich places out there 4) Know you're going for the experience, for the inventive sandwich and the establishment's less-than-pleasant attitude and charm5) BRING CASH!
2	I'm an old Pittsburgh guy who is back for a visit after many years. I still can't understand what everyone who raves about Primanti's likes about this place. The food is greasy, tasteless and sloppy. I had a hot sausage sandwich; the sausage had no taste, let alone spice, the coleslaw was mediocre, and the bread was stale. The only reason I give the place more than one star is the great fries; otherwise, it would be the bottom of the barrel. There are so many better sandwich places in the 'burgh.
2	It's a deli that puts coleslaw and fries in a sandwich.  The sandwich was OK...nothing fantastic but not horrible either.  However, I fail to see why this place was featured on a number of food shows as one of the best sandwich places in America.  Basically, as with many of the places on TV shows, the hype and reputation are actually better than the actual food.
5	I've only ever been here after a bar crawl, but the service is superb.  Sit at the bar area if you want to see your food prepared, it's quite an amazing feat at this time at night.  Food is always cooked excellently, cannot find anything wrong...EVER.
3	Definitely did not live up to the hype.  Sure, I ate my sandwich.  It was fine.  I was full afterwards.  But it just wasn't that good -- the white bread, the bland-tasting meat, the uninspired coleslaw and fries.  I should have listened to the Pittsburgh natives I consulted prior to my visit who all told me to go somewhere else.
4	I have to say, I am always satisfied here. The service can be spotty, but it doesn't make itself out to be some fancy place. They are not known for the service, it's about the food.One thing: even when it was super busy and we were waiting for a while, the servers really hustle to get you what you need. One night the whole place was packed with one guy working the grill and the other guy in charge of the bar, tables, and register. He wasn't perfect but he was damn good.The pastrami is my favorite and I highly recommend. You just can't go wrong with salty meat and fresh cole slaw in a sandwich loaded with fries. The downside is the Italian bread can get a bit soggy, especially on the side the sandwich is laying on. Very filling, even for a big eater. Sometimes I can only eat half. I like to get the whole pickle too, but it is large. 4-6 spears and I have to believe it's more than one pickle.The biggest issue I have with this location is the bathroom. It's down a steep set of stairs and it's a big ol' effort to go. Also, they are not great about refills. Not sure if these things are related...All in all, good food, good price. Highly recommend.
5	Best damn Sandwiches, This place is PRIME! I could eat here everyday. Anyone who says these arent that great or anything special, doesnt know food. I get the kajun Chicken with Egg plus i add some hot sauce then with all the droppings that are left over I soak it in their malt vinegar and top it with salt. I love everything about Primantis. Dont cheat yourself, treat yourself
4	It's a Pittsburgh staple..  There is no better slaw in the world.  One of my favorites!!
1	I've been to 3 of these places now.Thick plain bread, cole slaw and fries on a sandwich?Most places would boast of the MEAT on a sandwich - not the vegetables.I cannot understand why people like this place...until I see that most of the 5-star ratings are from Pittsburghers.Of all the local foods of all the cities I've visited - this is right down there with Cincinnati's "chili" as the worst.
5	How to have the best Primanti's experience:(1) Bring cash.(2) Go hungry.(3) Be prepared to wait.(4) Add an egg to your sandwich.(5) Don't bother ordering anything other than your sandwich.My favorite has always been a bacon, egg and cheese, but pastrami and corned beef are also must haves. The bread is fluffy and fresh; the fries are thick; the slaw compliments any combo; and, the overall effect is a whole tasty meal in your hands.At off times, services is incredibly fast. During the weekend and late at night, wait times for seating and food service can be slow, but the wait is worth it. (Side Note: If there's an old lady there selling baklava, try some.)Whether it's 2am or after a long day walking through the Strip, Primanti's should be a planned stop for anyone.
2	While visiting a friend in the area, he wanted me to take to the local Pittsburg institution of hangout places... it seems this place is very popular with the locals, especially the college students.  This location is their original store, thus it has lot of history... don't expect anything fancy, the place looks old and you definitely get that feeling when you walk in.  Also, CASH ONLY, so you better bring them, otherwise use the ATM machine by the main entrance to get cash... don't leave home without CASH!!!When I visited, it wasn't busy, since it was spring break for the students.  We seated ourselves... then looked at the menu to decide what I wanted to get.  The waitress came and took our drink orders.... after our drink arrived, I asked what was the most popular and she informed me that it was cheesesteak, but I wasn't into it, so I decided to go with cornbeef and cheese with no onions.  The server wasn't happy nor sad, she just seemed preoccupied, as she wasn't that friendly... maybe because she was the only one working the floor? I don't know, but she didn't make me feel welcomed while I was there... but again, serve all depends on who you get, thus the person we got today... well, let's just say she wasn't having a good day.So we get our food... the sandwich is piled high, since they put the french fries and cole slaw on top of the meat.... (you can ask them on the side if you want)... but a true sandwich lover will never do that!  Prepare to open your mouth wide open.... if you can unlock your jaw, do it!I ate the 1/2 of the sandwich, then the 2nd half, I deconstructed to try each item separately to how they held up on their own....Cornbeef - the meat was good, not salty... French Fries - tasted like they cut them on site, but little soggy in my opionCole Slaw - the look and feel of the slaw reminds me of the Carolina's style... but it's very very BLEND.... need more salt and other seasoning.Of all the sandwich shops I've been in Midwest, East & West coast... Primanti Brothers  doesn't fall on my top 10.... one thing that keeps bringing people - the cost... the sandwiches are cheap!!If you are in Pittsburg, swing by and try it for yourself... see if Primanti Brothers stack up to other deli shops you've visited.
5	Quite the Pittsburgh experience.  I had been years ago when I went to college in the area; this past weekend, I was in town with my parents and wife, so we went back.  We had to wait in a bit of a line for the original location (since 1933!) but the manager (owner?) was fair and kept things moving.  He had a good sense of humor and smaller parties (2-3 people) were able to be sat more quickly.  Once inside, service was good (no complaints).  Portions are good; food was tasty.  They serve the sandwiches on wax paper; so minimalist; quick to clean up, no dishes, not much waste.  I love the soft, white Italian bread used to make the sandwich.  My only complaint, if you will, is that my sandwich could have used a little more meat on it (they give you an option to double the meat; oh, and I did get an egg on mine as well).  The fries were good (hand-cut, and pretty thick).  Remember, cash only.  Also, parking in the area is tough, but we totally lucked out and got a spot right by Primanti Brothers that is reserved for customers and was free!  We walked around the strip a little after lunch... is a very fun area (we were there on a Saturday around lunch time).  With two beers, four sandwiches, and an order of cheese-fries, our total (with tip) came to $43... not too shabby for lunch out for four adults.
4	I head to Primanti Brothers whenever I'm in town.  I also use it as an opportunity to feed friends and introduce them to a place that is uniquely the Burgh.  I'm originally from Erie, but have many wonderful memories involving PB, mostly from my early college years.Most recently was here with two Pittsburgh natives and my boyfriend in November 2011.  No wait to be seated, but the dining area was extremely busy.  It was a Friday afternoon and a mixed, lively crowd.  The food was just as expected - a filling, overflowing sandwich pile that paired perfectly with a Yuengling.  I had the corned beef and cheese, btw.The bread is cheap.  It gets soggy and if you are not a quick eater, the sandwich will fall apart.  Native Pennsylvanians eat like cavemen anyway, so it's generally not a problem.  Factor in a VERY low-key atmosphere, a very Eastern-European waitress, and a whole crowd just happy to be around one another and you should have a great time.  I almost prefer to visit during busy periods because this has always been my experience.Boyfriend was genuinely charmed by the place.  He eats too quickly to form any worthwhile opinion on the quality of his dish, but he did enjoy dismissing all the rules of his traditional, well-mannered Southern upbringing.  He got to play with his food.  He could stare at the funny, bumbling half-drunks traipsing throughout the place.  And now, he wants to put french fries on every sandwich he makes.  Thank you, Primanti Brothers.
5	A `Burgh staple. Open 24-hours and cash-only, it's a place to prepare for before entering. French fries on a sandwich is a great idea, and actually comes across tasting great. It's a caloric nightmare, but a heavenly feast. Head there after a game or late night with friends, be prepared for excellent (albeit surly) service, and prepare to have your taste buds overwhelmed.
4	Starving because I hadn't eaten lunch and being in downtown Pittsburgh, Primanti Brothers was suggested.  I had tried a Pittsburgh salad before (a tasty combination of steak, french fries and riveria dressing) but had only heard about the bizarre sandwich that combined coleslaw, fries and whatever meat you chose.  We went to the original location in the Strip District. Since it was after 5:00, most of the shops and vendors in that area were closed, but I made note of the fact that I would need to return to this eclectic community filled with food vendors (including many ethnic varieties), Pittsburgh sports memorabilia, arts and culture venues and speciality boutiques to name just a few.  The menu at Primanti Brothers was simple but I still had a hard time deciding which sandwich to try.  I was assured by our friendly server that regardless of what I chose I would not be disappointed so I quickly surveyed the menu and chose turkey breast and cheese.  The server told the story about how the original sandwich was constructed so workers could combine their favorite ingredients into one easy to handle lunch package.  It was enjoyable to know a little more about the history of the sandwich I was about to try.  When our sandwiches arrived, I was amazed at the size.  Even though I was hungry, I doubted I could finish.  I took my first bite and knew I'd be back to this restaurant.  Not only was the sandwich tasty, but somehow the fries maintained some crispness and the bread didn't get soggy!  I ate the whole sandwich (probably quicker than I should have) and had plenty of praise to pass on to our server.  I can't wait to go back and try other varieties!
4	As soon as I booked my trip to Pittsburgh, I knew I had to get to Primanti Brothers for their legendary loaded sandwiches. We waited on a Saturday for only 5 minutes and our orders were immediately taken. I ordered the pastrami sandwich and about 5 minutes later it arrived at our table. It was salty and delicious with the fries and slaw on this large sandwich. The slaw was my favorite part. I could have eaten a large bowl of just the slaw. The only critique I have of Primanti Brothers is that their fries could stand to be a bit saltier. Other than that this is a great establishment with quick service. Just remember its cash only!
5	I suggest the hot sausage!! One place that you should get a bite to eat if your in Pittsburgh! I suggest a Steeler football victory and a sandwich at Primanti Brothers!! All on a Sunday or Monday night!! That would be after a Steeler game! But! lucky for you, Primati's is open 24hours a day!! 7 days a week!!!
2	Not sure what the fuss is.  Lame sandwiches.  Much better options on the strip.
5	A Pittsburgh institution. delicious sandwiches piled with french fries and coleslaw.  every part of the sandwich is delicious and it would be great separately but when you pile them all together it makes one of the most delicious things you'll ever eat. Wash it down with an Iron City and experience Pittsburgh at its best.
4	A long wait at 5:30 pm on a Saturday and lots of hype raises one's expectations. This considered, the fish sandwich was still pretty damn good!  I am not one to go for a sandwich that consists of buttered toast, fried fish, cheese, cole slaw, and french fries. My husband recommended it and I figured I'd give it a go.  Delish!  You look at this thing and think "should I? I shouldn't. But I will."  And then you are happy that you did.  On a practical note, there are plenty of tables in the square, so if they're busy I recommend taking your food to go and sitting there.
5	There is something to be said for simplicity, and this is it.  I've been looking forward to eating at Primanti's for a very long time, and I'm happy to have it crossed off my bucket list.We waited outside for about 15 minutes before we made our way to the front of the line and got a table.  I have a high level of respect for the "No BS" hostess who was just trying to get everyone inside.  Of course, the idiots in front of us showed up with 12 people.  (Aside:  Look.  Don't freaking do that, alright?  You don't go to a place with a line out the door and ask to get 12 people seated.  Split up into smaller groups or something.  You're making life terrible for everyone else.)And we're back...the sandwich was incredible.  Since every sandwich is identical except for the meat, the service is lightning quick.  From the moment we sat down, we had our food in less than 2 minutes, no exaggeration.  Of course it was delicious and something I've never had before.  As I said, there is something to be said for doing one thing and doing it well.  I had another at the Pirates game that night!
3	Heard so much about these sandwiches, and decided one Saturday to take an overnight drive to Pittsburgh.  I don't think the sandwich was that great, but it was worth the drive and made my husbands day! He loved it.  Now, the french fries, those were really good!  Would definitely make the trip back and give the sandwiches another try.
1	Horrible! I was so excited eat at this Pittsburgh institution and I was disappointed. I tried to the steak and cheese and it was uneatable and I took one bite and had to throw the whole sandwich away. The fries were old and gross. I will NEVER come back here and NEVER recommend this to anyone.
5	I drove over 4 hours to experience this place....n it was beyond worth it! I'm not a fan of cole slaw cuz of the mayo but the vinegar based slaw on the sandwich was mighty tasty.
4	Amaze-balls!! I got the Pitts-Burger Cheesesteak which is #2 best-seller (and per them there isn't a #1 lol go figure right)...honestly I have NO CLUE where cheasesteak part comes from in the title unless Pittsburgh's definition of cheesesteak is WAY OFF from the rest of the country but its more patty melt than anything.  It was cooked perfectly - no cow left yet wasn't jerky! Here's the groundbreaking thing in my Foodie world...I consumed cold slaw! If its one thing I will always list as something I will never be a fan of its SLAW (gag) but this packed a surprise I was delighted to receive, the slaw has vinegar kick, there was no mayo in this and for that I say THANK YOU! Seeing how whe you first trying the sandwich you don't want to be rude and ask them to remove toppings lol.Usually any kind of white bread is not my thing but it fits this, plus more of an italian bread that was very soft which makes unhinging your jaw to down this massive sandwich that much easier since your not biting into a bread-brick!The fries were amazing like fresh cut that day or somethingI give it 4 stars for simple fact its so unique in flavor...can't wait go back to try some different ones
3	I only went here because its a big name in Pittsburgh and anyone from here or who visited would say 'GO TO PRIMANTI!!!!' The inside is indescribable to me but reminds me if applebees met a subway. The service here is rude service intentionally, very short and in a hurry. I wasn't blown away with the sandwiches and I don't get what the big deal is. I wasn't really amazed by them. I suppose its just the pittsburgh thing to do, one thing off my bucket list. Cash only. I'd come back here.
4	Before Food Network started showing a bajillion shows about sandwiches with french fries, fried eggs, cheese sticks, the kitchen sink  and other stuff piled on top of them, there weren't that many restaurants doing it. Now you can't swing a dead cat without hitting a restaurant that is piling anything on top of a sandwich to try to stand out.Primanti's, however, isn't some new fad. They have been putting fries and cole slaw on their sandwiches for roughly 745 years (Note: that may be slightly innacurate, but the point is, they've been around a while). This started as a way for the blue collar workers of Pittsburgh to be able to carry their whole lunch in one hand, to eat on th go... and a great idea was born. Adding a fried egg to any sandwich is an option, and it is also almost always a good idea - and should be mandatory if you order the cappicola and cheese. Primanti's has a lot of locations now, pretty much all around the Pittsburgh area, but unlike most chains, they seem to have suffered no growing pains from expansion, and every restaurant seems to be top notch and consistent in food quality. The regular sandwiches are big, but if you want to grow your waistline a couple inches in one sandwich, get the colossal fish. It is ridiculously large, and the fish is great. If you're feeling a little adventurous and have never had a real sardine before, try the sardine sandwich. These aren't those slimy little jarred bait fish you get in grocery stores. They are nice sized real sardines - a little oily, just enough briny sea flavor, and being Primanti's, you get plenty of them.If you've never been to Primanti's before, its definitely worth a stop... and with locations all over the Pittsburgh area, they're easy to find.
2	Yeah I really don't get it. I've tried it twice so far but each time I am unmoved and longing to be eating something else. I'll still take friends here because it is a Pittsburgh fav, but other than that..no thanks.
3	This is more of a 2.5 stars but I'm usually a nice guy.  Maybe I had high expectations or maybe I'm a big sandwich snob, but I just wasn't impressed. So I got to try the Black Angus Top Sirloin and the Pitts-Burger Cheese Steak and my first thought was, they kind of taste the same.   I'm a HUGE sandwich fan and I believe the core of the sandwich should be the meat and 2nd should be the bread.  So with that said, my favorite part of this sandwich was the coleslaw.  Between the starchy fries, the large slices of the bread and fatty meat, the coleslaw was absolutely essential and I enjoyed it.  I just felt like the sandwich was bland and it was just one heap of food and bite after bite I was wanting the meat to stand out a bit more but I feel like the addition of fries kind of killed the sandiwch for me.  Not only did it add more grease to the mix but it also kind of made it seem like there was more bread (due to the starchiness) than there really was. I'm not opposed to visiting again, but, unfortunately, I can't say I'm a fan.
4	Decent food! Creative sandwiches!
1	My husband and I went here because of all the rave reviews. This was such a disapointment. The fries were cold. The cheese steak meat was disgusting. Our waitress was completely cracked out of her mind. I feel like I drank a pint of oil. Just oily nasty greasy disgusting.
3	This spot totally lives up to the hype! The most amazing MASSIVE sandwiches ever. The kids had the fish, the wife had the rAgin Cajun and I had the pastrami! Everything was outstanding. And to top it off we were fortunate to get a picture with the lady who appeared in the episode on DDD. Worth traveling for and very reasonable prices for such large portions.Im home now and i cant stop thinking about that sandwich lol
5	It's the original. The other locations would get four stars. #2 best seller (cheesesteak) + #1 best seller (beer) = awesome. Open 24 hours and cash only. Bring your broomstick because the sandwiches are awesome.
4	I've noticed that many, if not all, of the negative reviews here are from foreigners (would you really trust their opinions on what a great American sandwich is?), tourists whining about bad service/ambience, and the refined palates out there lol. Listen, it's a sandwich shop. A greasy one. If you wanted some gourmet experience, you could've gone down to the Capital Grill. This is a gritty little eatery in a gritty city, so appreciate it for what it is and its historical significance. And for Christ's sake, give the people that work here a break. It's hot in there and they're hustlin for you. They don't care about your beaming smiling touristy faces and your cameras and how you can't wait to try what you saw on some TV show.Back to the food...so far I've had the capicola and the pastrami. Capicola is sliced on the thick side (I'm more of a fan of the thin sliced Italian style that I'm used to in NJ/NY) so I'm partial to the pastrami. Double meat this bitch up. It's top notch. The cole slaw is fantastic, vinegar not mayo, adds the perfect crunchy bite. Fries are not crispy, but they're great on the sandwich itself. The bread is just ok, it's holding all the good stuff together. Somehow when you put everything together, something magical happens. It's def worth a try. Avoid the lunch crowds. Open 24/7. Bring cash and leave your "I'm the customer and I demand stellar service" attitude at home.
3	Decent food, interesting atmosphere, if your by one stop in but don't go out of your way to seek one out!!!!
4	This was my second time going to Primanti Bros, and my first time going to the one in the strip district.  I freaking loved the sandwich I ate, which was the cheese combo with 2 eggs.  Absolutely mouth watering and filling.  The price is right, the wait was non-existent on a weekday and the service at the bar was prompt.  You have to try this location, as I can tell it's just overall much nicer than the other location I went to previously (southside---argh that Primanti was like a dump compared to this one).  The overall environment is actually inviting.  Just a nice place to hang.This place drops a star because they don't have Tabasco sauce.  Only Red Devil.  Nothing wrong with Red Devil, but seriously, they need to step their game up in the hot sauce department.
3	I was in town on business and decided to take a side trip here for lunch between meetings.  The service is not bad.  Food was served quickly.  Had the corned beef which was really good.  Stacked with fries, it's a unique experience!  Get ready to roll up your sleeves to eat this beast.  The only downside is the location if you have to take a cab back to downtown, there was not one in sight so had to walk back to in the sweltering summer hear in a business suit.  I would check out this place again, probably a better experience if I didn't have to go back to work afterwards.
4	Primanti Brothers serves as a sort of museum for Pittsburgh's Strip District.  The streets are sealed in tar much the same way Primanti cakes their sandwiches with fries and coleslaw.  It just works.  Everything about this place fits in well with this righteous and proud community.If it's good enough for Bruno Sammartino, then it's good enough for me!
2	Not my type of place.  I was told to check this place out as a visitor to Pittsburgh.  Guess its a Pittsburgh thing.  Didn't care for my sandwich at all.  I got the number one seller Sirloin sandwich.  All sandwiches come with fries and cole slaw built into the sandwich.  After reading the reviews I couldn't wait to taste the slaw.  Mine was tasteless.  There was hardly any meat, felt like I was eating a slaw and fry sandwich.  My husband got the corned beef, he felt the same.  Our boys got the chili, which they liked.  Again I don't know if it's a Pittsburgh thing, but the employees never really acknowledge you, we sat at the counter and saw many workers passing by.  Not one smile or look in our direction.  We were there at a slow time around 2:30 pm.
5	I hate Shitsburgh, but this place does it right! Hands-down the best sandwich on the planet
4	I get it: the fries in the sandwich is a worthy gimmick (heck the Yinzers put it under a green salad!) but the slaw in the sandwich should be copied everywhere.  Clever to use a wrap so there's no dishes, the sandwiches taste great, the bread is pretty good as well.  If it could look like a Carnegie Deli (NY) sandwich with the slaw it would take Pgh by storm.  Funny that the Yinzers are lukewarm about these but the tourists are gaga over them.
3	After years of seeing this place on every Sandwich Show the Travel Channel aired I decided to make the 50 mile detour on my way to Columbus, OH. Three friends and myself walked into the place at 330am, weary from the road and hungry as ever. We picked our own seat and within a few minutes our drink order was taken and delivered. Our Sandwich order was taken just then and within another 10 mins we were scarfing down these oh so good sandwiches. The bread: soft, thick and held the whole thing together nicely. The slaw: crunch, fresh, flavorful. The fries: not oily at all, very tasty and plentiful. The black angus: cooked to perfection, not rubbery. The hot sausage: sausage was good, but not better than my NYC italian sauage sandwiches. All said, it was a good experience, I'm glad I made the trip, the sandwiches satisfied our hunger and I got to visit Pittsburgh where Heinz ketchup was born. I won't be making a 6 hour drive just for these anytime in the future, but if I am near there I will definitely stop in again.
3	The fries go inside, not on the side, of these deliciously messy sandwiches. Primanti Bros. is a historical and must-visit destination if you are doing a food tour of Pittsburgh. They are known for their innovation of putting the french fries inside of your sandwich (truckers not only need to keep their eyes on the road, but they also need their potatoes). I got a pastrami with a pickle on the side and thoroughly enjoyed it. It was piled high with fries and coleslaw. It was surprisingly well assembled so things never got too out of control. Our waitress seemed hostile, yet in the end was very attentive and responsive. It added to the atmosphere and fit the vibe of the place, so it was all good. Definitely check it out!
2	Sorry not a fan..Turkey Sandwich was boring tasting..fries were soggy and greasy, even my daughter who love fries didn't really care for them. My husbands pastrami was very good though, without the fries! Staff was very unfriendly.
5	Wow..that is all that really needs to be said.  I was able to visit this location on my return to Indianapolis from the east coast when I had a four hour layover in Pittsburgh.  I walked down on the wednesday evening I was in town to find the place about 45% full when I got there around 8:30pm.  I sat at the bar area and after reviewing the menu went with the roast beef sandwhich.  And what a meal it was, not just a sandwhich but a meal.As I sat there trying to finish the sandwich the placed cleared out to just me and the three guys working and wow again what great guys.  We talked sports and such and slowly the place filled back up to almost full.  They let me sit and watch the Pirates game and talked baseball.  The sandwhich was great, the service was super and the chance to check out a Pittsburgh legend was worth the 4 hour layover I had...
4	+ unique sandwichesIf you ever want to experience a sandwich that already includes the fries in the bun you shouldn't miss Primanti. Though now a large local chain it originated from the shop in historic Strip District. They have a large variety of different ingredients and the portions enormous, so think of sharing a sandwich.Moreover Primanti is a nice choice for travelers on a budget.+ unique and super yummy sandwiches+ inexpensiveAverage price for a sandwich: $8
5	Amazing sandwich for a great price. This place is a must stop for anyone new to PA or Steelers fans.
5	Always friendly, the best sandwich meal I ever had.  Service Was quick friendly and the food was just outstanding. Made the trip twice and haven't been disappointed.  If you're in Pittsburgh go, see and enjoy the sandwich meal of primanti brother.
1	Sorry Pittsburgh, I don't get it. After a long wait we finally got our "famous" sandwich. It's was, hands down, one of the worst sandwiches I have ever had. It was basically a coleslaw sandwich on trailer trash while bread. The meat (pastrami) was paper thin and the fries were soggy, cold, and basically uncooked. Word of advice - skip it!!! I'd recommend Fat Heads. At least you get something tasty there and great beers to boot
4	I spent my entire college career living with folks who were born and raised in Pittsburgh, and as such I've heard about Primanti's many times over.I finally made my way to Pittsburgh and the Strip District to try it first-hand.  We saddled up to the bar right behind where the food is made.  Had the Pastrami w/ fried egg and...it tastes exactly like I thought it would (which is a good thing).  I was surprised at how high-quality the pastrami was.  This is probably not somewhere I would eat regularly, but I appreciated the experience.One note:  I was AMAZED to watch the sandwiches being made.  I was there during the lunch rush and all of the sandwiches are made by only one person.  She cuts the bread (once every 5-6 sandwiches or so), works the griddle filled with meat and eggs, makes all of the fries, etc.  It is impressive.  She deserves every dollar she makes!
2	Here for the weekend and was told i had to try this place out.  The Pittsburger cheese steak was pretty bland.  Unseasoned beef, dry fries, mediocre slaw, and white bread.Hopefully Pittsburgh has some better "must eat" places.
3	Well I had high expectations being from out of town, but it fell short of the mark (way short).  The bread was really fresh, but the ingredients were not great.  Just very average. I'd pass on trying it again.I tried the cheese steak sandwich and also the Pastrami
4	I had a chance to visit this fantastic place when I was on my job on the Great American Queen and I will say this place has some great food. Now the only reason I wanted to go there is because Man vs Food has gone there and the food looked delicious. I will say if you have a chance to go there make sure you get there early because that place will get packed very quickly....hope I'm able to go there in the future...
1	I was very disappointed in this place after seeing it on tv many times...I finally made it to the strip talked some friends into going and we were totally disappointed. We all got the # 2 special...and all you could taste was vinegar....the guy who took my order was very rude...explained this is our first time and from out of state....I would have got up and walked out however didn't want to make a scene since I was with friends. I only ate a little asked for a togo bag...ended up throwing it in their dumpster in lot......I do not reccomend for any one to waste their time or money....
2	Apparently this place is a big deal in Pittsburgh so I figured I'd check it out. Eh. It was alright. The idea of fries and cole slaw on a sandwich ended up not being as exciting as I had hoped. I don't know if I'm just used to good ol' Southern hospitality but the waitress was not friendly. She seemed put out when my friend and I asked for menus (how dare people in a super touristy spot not know exactly what they want?!) and she never bothered to ask if we needed refills on drinks and we had to hunt her down to get our bill. This seems like something to experience once but I see no need to return next time I'm in town.
3	My wife and I actually made the two-plus hour drive from Cleveland with the sole purpose of giving the famous Primanti Brothers a try. We've heard about it from friends, we've seen it on the Food Network and we simply had to give it a go for ourselves. Our visit was on a Saturday just before lunchtime. We knew there were plenty of locations for this place but we figured we'd better go to the original. It's located downtown in an older industrial area. For out-of-towners it can be a challenge to find. We managed OK with the help of our GPS.We entered the space which isn't much bigger than most small bars and were seated at the back bar. It's small, there's exposed brick and there are two bars. Other than that, it's not much to talk about. Just about every table was full and the bars were nearly stuffed as well. Our server/bartender was friendly and prompt and not prone to the diarrhea of the mouth that seems to inflict most bartenders. We ordered a side of fries and two sandwiches - tuna and turkey.First, let me start by saying that I get the whole "landmark" thing. They've been operating in the same location since 1933. They're a Pittsburgh institution. There's something to be said for a local business with staying power. It just becomes part of the city, nearly inseparable from the location itself. That being said, I've got to comment on the food.If you go to Primanti Brothers you had better be in the mood for a sandwich cause that's about all you're gonna get. Oh, and there are sides, but they consist of everything you already get on the sandwiches. There are a number of variations on the theme, but for the most part you get:-Soft, white Italian bread-Vinegar-based slaw-Fries-Tomato-Some sort of base meatFor my money, it's just OK. It's tasty and it's filling, but it's nothing to really write home about. I'd prefer a mayo-based slaw and crispy fries, but it is what it is. Maybe it's because I'm not genetically predisposed to have to love it or maybe it's because I can get exactly the same sandwich here in Cleveland at Panini's (sure, it's a blatant rip-off, but I don't really care).  Either way, I wasn't impressed. I had much more fun visiting the street market that was going on during our visit than I had during my dining experience at Primanti Brothers. If you live in Cleveland, don't bother. Just head over to Panini's and save yourself alot of time and gas money.
4	Loved it!  The place is small, friendly, and unique.  Being from the south, this was a different kind of eatery than we normally frequent .  Very neat to be in such a wonderful city, with the taste of the city so evident.   Must try if in Pittsburgh.
4	How can I say this without betraying my commitment to my local deli... Well-- let's say this: if Primanti Brothers existed anywhere near San Francisco, I'd live next door. These sandwiches are sloppy, robust and full of goodness that is just essential to the signature Pittsburgh experience. I love this location because it's the original, and I have good memories drinking and devouring kielbasa like a Yinzer at their counter over the years when I'm in town. May Primanti Brothers reign supreme in sandwich world domination. Amen.
2	Holy overrated sandwich batman. I had the #2 best seller, and I almost asked for a refund. Fries were no where near crisp, slaw was bland, and the steak was just a poor cut of meat. The bread was definitely fresh, but it was the most flavorful component, and that was not what it was supposed to be. I likely will not return, because I have checked this one off my list... all I can think is that it got all the press on the Food channel by buying its way on.
1	After all the hype, as usual, we were hoping for better. Their Pitts-Burgher cheese steak wasn't made of steak; it's a hamburger patty that has a funny taste. The bread was plain ol' thick cut white bread. The fries were greasy & under cooked. Coleslaw was ok, but I'm not usually a fan anyway. The meat on my sister's sandwich (I think she ordered the pastrami) was so paper thin, we couldn't really detect the taste of it when we took a bite. Am I glad I can cross it off my bucket list? Sure. Would I recommend or eat there again? Nope.
5	Best pastrami I've ever had
5	There are very few restaurants that I get that 'craving' for, after a hard day's work. and this is one of them. Don't listen to these 'out-of-townies' saying it's just OK, they have a different palate; being from a different area. Western Pennsylvania cuisine is heavily influenced by Polish, German, and Pennsylvania Dutch; I can understand where it might not be the best for some. But for people like me who were raised on pierogies, haluski, and golumpki -- this place is amazing. Pair the #2 best seller with a Yuengling, and you won't be disappointed.
4	Bulky Sandwiches, piled high with toppings - solid!!!
3	Was good the bread fresh corn beef was good. Would rather have sauerkraut  than the coleslaw. Be prepared you have to get the fries and coleslaw on your sandwich even if you don't like it. Would go back if ablock away but wouldn't  go cross city for it.
1	We figured we'd go to PB because of the great reputation, but we weren't impressed. Super overrated and the service was subpar at best. The sandwiches lived up to being stuffed full of toppings, but the meat was lacking and everything tasted bland. We're glad we went, but wouldn't go again.
3	This restaurant and the surrounding area (The Strip District) are both Pittsburgh staples. You can't be a Pittsburgh resident without trying this restaurant at least once! Personally, my favorite sandwich is the Corned Beef and Cheese, especially with the Egg added on top.I only give this restaurant 3 stars for several reasons - the wait time, the seating confusion, and the customer service. Sometimes, particularly during the summer, the wait for a table can be an hour or longer. Another frustration is the seating. There is very poor seating direction, which I feel can slow down the already long line. Finally, the customer service is lacking. I get that it's not fancy, but I've had a couple waitresses at this location who were pretty brusque. When asking for a soda refill, the reaction of the waitress is as if I requested a free meal.
4	My boyfriend and I live in Hawaii, so when we were on vacation in PA we knew we HAD to stop in!The time we went was during pregaming for the Steelers game so it was a crowded sea of black and yellow!Service was fast, we sat against the window facing the street and drank giant yuenglings. I ordered their philly sandwich and my man ordered pastrami. I wasnt very fond of mine, it was sorta like a funny tasting long rectangular hamburger looking patty with the slaw and fries. My boyfriends was AMAZING though! No way I could finish more than one half.It was a great experience!!
5	A staple in Pittsburgh it was my second time eating here and like the first it was a great experience. Never would I think fries and coleslaw in a deli sandwich would be so great but Oh yeah!!!  First time I got the corned beef and the coleslaw's tangy flavor meshed so well with the fries. This time I got the knockwurst and again just an amazing flavor. I recommend getting there right at 11 am. there was a non-stop line from 11:30 til 6 pm when we left the strip. Nice cold beer, staff is very helpful but don't  be a flake when ordering they will speed you up with their Northeast attitude but for me it adds to the experience.
5	Pittsburgh's most famous sandwich!!Primanti Bros is a place that almost any foodie has heard of. Though I know many who say there are better places elsewhere, you can't go to Pittsburgh and not have a sandwich from Primantis. This location is the original location in the Strip District and is open 24 hours of the day! Service is good but a bit slow for us. The menu is pasted on the wall and includes all your deli favorites....topped with coleslaw, fries, and tomatoes! I wanted to try all the sandwiches but had to only choose one. I've heard the Cap and Cheese is the way to go, but I opted with the classic Bacon and Egg. I skipped breakfast so why not. The sandwich was...damn. It was good. It's simple and the idea is easy to imitate, but the taste couldn't possibly be replicated. The combination of coleslaw, fries, bacon, and egg is just the most incredible thing ever. The coleslaw was tangy and sweet while the fries stayed crisp despite how wet the slaw was. The fries on their own weren't the best but mended so well with the sandwich. The bacon was overly plentiful! There was bacon coming out of every crevice of the sandwich. The egg was good but I was hoping it was runny which I'm sure you could ask for. I wish this place expanded outside of Pittsburgh (and Florida) because this place needs to be available everywhere. Love the history, the fame, and the sandwich. Definitely a must visit if you're ever in Pittsburgh.
4	Deliciously messy. Awesome coleslaw. I got the true Pittsburgh eatery experience!
1	um, are people joking?  this was one of the worst sandwiches i've ever had in my life - plain white bread (looked store-bought, like wonder bread), soggy fries, and completely bland meat.  the whole thing was bland and tasteless.  ugh - this place is completely overrated and overhyped, and appears to be surviving off of its reputation.  it's certainly not because of the food.  never again!
4	After seeing this  on Food Network, I always wanted to go there, (the original location) well, I finally did and it was well worth it. You pick the meat, they make the sandwich. I chose pastrami which came between two thick cut slices of fresh Italian bread. Under the bread, in addition to the meat was a nice slice of tomato, a generous helping of a vinegar based cole slaw, provolone cheese and a mound of home cut perfectly cooked and seasoned french fries. Severed fast and friendly, but be careful.. CASH ONLY.
3	We had been warned about cranky customer service, but we encountered none of that. All friendly faces. On a Wednesday morning at 11 there was a lunch crowd streaming in, but no wait at all, and our waitress was nice as can be. She yelled at the TV a couple of times, which made me feel instantly akin. So, as I have lived in three cities with famous foodstuffs, I am naturally prone to raising a skeptical eyebrow, to beware of claims of the second-coming in sandwich form. And besides that, to put it plain, I didn't like the looks of the bread. Appeared  to be a thick width-cut of soft Italian bread. While fresh, the bread slices were just as I had figured. Those slices had all the power of Wonder Bread when it came to holding that sandwich together. Come on bread, where's ya integrity? Where's ya pride?! The sandwich fries, though hand-cut-looking, were unseasoned and mostly flabby. I'm tellin you, if the fries were fried to crispy salty perfection, I'd be singin a lot different tune here... a tune that might go something like, "Ooooh you're bread's too soft, but everything else is awright..." or something like that. I'm not really a song-writer. The coleslaw didn't offend me! The pastrami was the best part of the whole t'do. My travelin' pal had the sandwich with "kolbassi," and he agreed that the meatsy was the highlight of the sandwich too. So, I just wanted to taste for myself. Good to know that Primanti Brothers is open 24 hours. While I don't ever see me on a line stretched round the back, I can see the appeal at 3:07 AM or some such situation.
4	SO GOOD.I went to visit a friend (and the Steelers!) a couple times and was introduced to this place. I put french fries whenever I have burgers in SoCal (like In-N-Out)... but, the sandwiches here ALREADY HAVE FRIES IN THEM! Best freakin' idea EVER. The cole slaw in it is good, too. The bread - I don't mind it, but it's just soft, white bread... it gets soggy quickly... might be better toasted. But regardless, it's good stuff! The service is alright. It gets packed often, so you can't really expect A+ service. Your food may take a while, it may take a while to even order, but it's definitely worth the wait.I love the jumbo fish sandwich! Definitely must try to pastrami. Must go again soon to try everything on their menu!Has been and always will be on my list whenever I'm in Pittsburgh. =)Go Steelers!!!
3	Made a visit to Pitt for an interview and everyone said that Primanti Bros. was the best in town. Although I had a great sandwich of Cappi and Egg it was somewhat drowned out by the fries and coleslaw on the sandwich. I was forced to douse the sandwich in hot sauce to regain some flavor. The atmosphere of a true blue collar bar offering a true blue collar sandwich paired with a tasty beer did make up for it though. Overall a decent sandwich with a great Pitt atmosphere but the sandwiches are nothing to write home about.
5	yes.Duuuuuuuude. This place. I don't have words. We went there on recommendation from friends in Chicago, where we live, and don't regret it. I only regret not getting some of that crazy-good bread and coleslaw to go.For those unfamiliar, the coleslaw they put on every sandwich is NOT made with mayo. It's the Italian way with oil/vinegar/sugar and it's freaking delicious. Like, I ate every little, tiny stringy piece of it. And french fries on my sandwich? Like really? UHmazing.It's really not as grease-pit as some might think. Yeah, triple grilled cheese. Yeah, french fries on my sandwich. But they put fewer fries on your sandwich than you'd normally eat if you ordered them on the side. So don't get all "fattening, blah blah blah" on me and turn up your nose to this joint.It's amazing and I love it and I want them to expand to Chicago. Tomorrow.
2	2 hours from Cleveland to Pittsburgh with tolls and no gas stations to be found...I came there hungry and with low expectations because hyped up places usually disappoint, which this place did.  I love sandwiches..but this place was all novelty to me.Bread-tasted like thicker wonder breadColeslaw-was blandCorn beef-I had betterPastrami-same thingFrench fries-unseasonedAll together was filled with carbs and had so much potential, but was so boring. I think everyone should go once just to say they've been to this joint but that's about it. Also, some girl said she could finish a whole sandwich. I am 7 months pregnant and I couldn't finish the whole thing. PS. the bathrooms are creepy!
4	Just try it. You won't regret it. We got the cajun chicken sandwich most of the times. And fries.
3	After the initial novelty of fries and coleslaw on a sandwich, Primanti Bros is quite ordinary. However, there is no denying the sandwich is tasty and enjoyable.There are few foods that encapsulates a city and are easily identifiable as a Primanti Bros sandwiches. Its as synonymous with Pittsburgh as the Steelers, the steel industry, and the Three Rivers. When ever I am in town I always swing by to grab one. I love it!This sandwich's main attraction is its amalgamation of meat, cheese, coleslaw and fries. It was Epic Meal Time before EMT got big on the internets. That being said, its quite plain and, in all honesty, boring. The meats and cheeses are your standard deli meats. The slaw is pretty dull with no acid, color, or salt. The fries are, well, fries. The bread is super soft and thick, but that softness yields to the juices that can create a sloppy mess toward the end of the sandwich. Now, just when you think I'm hating on this beast, I do have to say that it tastes better than the individual components in an act of culinary synergy. This is definitely one of the places that I seek out after a late night when ever I'm in the 'Burgh.The other things I don't like is that this place is cash only. I get it, but its very inconvenient. I wish I owned a restaurant that had the gravitas to be cash only, so I'm a bit jealous! The other thing is that the service is inconsistent. Some of the servers are very energetic and entertaining and very welcoming. In fact, on a recent trip, he forgot our beer when we ordered it. After reminding him we ordered beers, he gave it to us on the house. Now THAT is service! The most recent time, I walked in after my train got in to the Amtrak station at 5:30 am. It seemed that the people working there were confused that someone was in so early. It took a long time to order and an inordinate amount of time to get my food despite being one of three people in the place. Oh well, life goes on.Anyway, this place is an institution. A trip to Pittsburgh isn't complete without stepping into the hallowed ground of Primanti's and scarfing down a piece of Americana!
5	It has been toooooo long since I have been to Primanti's Love this unique sandwich in almost every variety! 2 thumbs up!
4	Kind if a charming dive. Great service and the sandwich was great.
4	4.5 stars. Old school feel atmosphere. Ordered a Pastrami sandwich and also tried the cheesesteak. The Pastrami was awesome and the way to go, but cheesesteak was average. They stuff Cole slaw and fries in the freshly made bread with the meat. A manly, filling, delicious meal. Got to get an IRON CITY light too drink.
2	On my last trip to Pittsburgh, I saw Primanti and thought this is a must try. It's a local institution with awesome sandwiches and pop, right?  On this trip, I was able to fit it in - it was an experience that I don't need to experience again.   I hadn't looked at the reviews so I didn't realize that it was so limiting - essentially a meat and cheese on gigantic white bread with vinegar based coleslaw and fries.I asked the server for a recommmendation and went with the pastrami and cheese - it was fine - a huge sandwhich and I was super hungry and was able to eat most of it but it's just not my thing.Kudos to Primanti for knowing how to provide a big sandwich with just the right balance of toppings.  Only the coleslaw overflowed.They go light on the cheese but it's a good thing.  You will be full after eating here and probably will not want to eat anything or look at food for a long while.Vegetarians and people on gluten free diets should stay away in my opinion - the options would be very very limiting.
5	If you want to go to a clean place: don't come here.If you mind seeing fingerprints in your bread: don't come here.If you wan't an amazing sandwich filled with pittsburgh history and tastiness: come here.If you want a pittsburgh experience: come here.If you are watching your weight: don't come here.I love this place. Not healthy in the least, but you get awesome food with friendly people. If you are a tourist, you have to come here.
5	Worth the trip from CA! Walked the awesome city from Hinez field had a cold beer, grill lady was awesome had best seat in the house. Lucky me! Great service
4	Don't let the imitators fool you, this is THE overstuffed sandwich.
4	This place gets stars because it is open 24 HOURS!! Yes. All the time. I wish it served a variety of foods, but sadly they just do sandwiches. Still, The fish sandwich was great and so was the coleslaw, which is not mayo-based but more kraut-like or middle eastern style. The fries in the sandwich were actually a nice touch too.
5	What what!!!!! You can't go wrong but my fav is the Kielbasi with an egg. It's my first stop in the Burgh, my last before hitting the road, and as many times as I can in between. Plus ask for one packed up togo and enjoy when you get back home. I think they call it "neat" when they wrap everything separate. NOM NOM NOM!!!!
4	Late night snack, steak egg and cheese please...
4	Made my first visit yesterday. The hostess/register lady was awesome!  Very spunky yet effective at crowd control!  We had a party of 10 and only waited 10 minutes. I got the corned beef and it was great. The fries took away some of the corned beef flavor but overall I enjoyed the sandwich. Will look forward to another visit and tasting another of their creations!
4	Been to Primanti Brothers before, but never this one, the original location! On my most recent trip I decided that a visit was long overdue. I do love the exterior of this location, and it looked especially cool with the icicles hanging from the roof (see picture!). I love that you know what you're getting when you walk in. Real, down to earth place with no pretensions. Waitress was super friendly and ... real. What you see is what you get with this place. It does differ from the Market Square location a bit - no credit cards & no tap beer. Both things are only slightly annoying though, not enough to make me stop coming! Tried a new sandwich this time - the "Ragin' Cajun' Chicken" with everything. Pretty darn good, but it wasn't too-too spicy.When in the 'Burgh, it's a must visit!
4	Let's be honest, if you eat this type of food everyday you are surely headed to an early grave.But it is a great place to indulge yourself once every few months.I personally love the fries and slaw on my sandwich. It is unique and delicious.
4	I have only been here once and that was on my last visit to Pittsburgh.I was really excited to eat there considering its reputation.The atmosphere was really nice and relaxing. There was a nice mix of people, from the young to the elderly.I honestly think the sandwiches would be better if they put a little less coleslaw but that's obviously personal taste.I'd go back again when I'm back in Pittsburgh!
3	Still great sandwiches but service has gone down hill in past 3 years. I would recommend going during the week and with a small crowd . The staff seems to become disorganized when there are more than 5 tables to serve.
5	If you're going to go to Primanti's,the first time at least has to be the original!! :)  Gorgeous exterior and a cool vibe inside (though, girls, the bathroom is a little suspect...pee before you go!! :)).
3	Primanti's is a Pittsburgh tradition since 1975.  You can't completely understand Pittsburgh unless you visit Primanti's.    I wouldn't here all the time, but every so often I get the craving.  It's a unique dining experience, and they don't try to be exactly like everyone else, that's what makes eating here so charming.  The food is fresh and it's sandwiches you can't always get other places.
5	Simply awesome. Cold slaw and hot fries in the heart of the sandwich. Add a beer and achieve complete satisfaction. Don't miss this truly Pittsburg experience.
4	I know it's overrated but the sandwich is delicious. I've had the corned beef and pittsburgher cheesesteak versions and either is a good option. I think because the cheesesteak gives the sandwich more meat, I would go with that option.The fries are crispy, the cole slaw is the best anywhere, and the bread is just soft and perfect. Primanti's is a must stop if you're in Pittsburgh.
1	Totally overrated.  I had heard about this place for years but had never eaten there until last weekend.Under-seasoned? Try NO seasoning.The corned beef was the most tasteless sandwich I've ever eaten.  Real skimpy on the meat as well. The cheese was barely there. The vaunted fries on the sandwich just made it more bland and soggy. Even the chili cheese fries were bland. I did like their bread and the beer was cold.Overall, a ho-hum experience. Next time, we'll go to Peppi's.
2	I think the hype here is focused on local tradition, not necessarily the food or service. The sandwich wasn't bad, but I wasn't overly-impressed by any part of the meal. I think I would have enjoyed it more with the fries and slaw on the side. It's also pretty annoying that the bill they place on the table doesn't have any sort of item pricing or total. Makes it difficult to split, too!
1	I've visited a number of Primanti Brothers locations and am a fan of their food. The service at this location, however, was awful. When we walked in the manager attempted to seat us even though there was a perfectly capable hostess standing right there. He took us into the dining area, asked us to wait in an awkward location and then disappeared. He never wrote our name or party number down at the hostess station or even bothered to tell her that we would need seated. We waited there for about 20 minutes, and a few other parties who seemed to have just walked in were seated ahead of us. At one point the manager even walked up to us again and asked if we needed a table. I honestly believe that in his mind this was the first time he had ever interacted with us.After grabbing the hostess and explaining the situation, we were seated pretty quickly. Sadly that was not the end of our troubles. Our waiter was very obnoxious and more interested in hearing himself talk than actually listening to anyone. I got the impression that he was trying to imitate a tough-guy New York deli owner you might see on TV. A number of people asked for their coleslaw on the side because, frankly, it's gross. Each time he challenged the person, claiming that they must not have eaten here before and that we didn't know what we were doing and that "that's just how we do it here in Pittsburgh" (Just for the record we were all born and raised in Pittsburgh and have eaten at Primanti Brothers countless times). I think he thought he was being charming like those beloved caricatures he was clearly imitating from TV, but it was really just annoying.I like Primantis a lot, and it was nice to visit the original location, but I think that status of "first" may have gone to their head. I would definitely recumbent that you visit a different location. Additionally, the other locations I've visited have wider beer and mixed drinks selection and more items on the menu, so that's a plus.
2	Wow. I may never be allowed in Pittsburgh again. I just straight up wasn't impressed by this sandwich. I went halfsies on a pastrami and cheese and their Pitts'burger' which is like a long cheeseburger between slices of bread. All sandwiches are suggested to come with the works: slaw, tomatoes and fries. (Fries are inside the sammy).First of all, quality just wasn't there for me. The fries were super soggy, the bread is like a soft white bread, the kind where your fingers make imprints upon touching and the thing was all slaw. The pastrami was ok (my man liked it much more than I did) and the Pitts'burger' was definitely a let down, all I tasted was that slaw and bread. It was cheap for 3 sandwiches the meal rang up to to $21 and some change but, I, who never leaves a plate empty left half of a sammy behind. Looking back I bet the colossal fried fish sandwich would be banging with the combo of slaw and that white bread but for the other sandwiches, they were just nothing special. I wouldn't recommend as a place to try when visiting Pittsburgh and friends in Pittsburgh, no offense but, come to NJ and I'll show you a sammy.* Cash Only.** Open 24 hours - which is pretty awesome, I'll give it up.
3	I may get into a lot of trouble with the locals but we were not super impressed with Primanti Brothers. We decide to eat lunch there while exploring the Strip District instead of eating at the stadium location. When we first walked by, the line was wrapped around the building. We decided to explore some more and the second time we swung by, it looked a little less busy so we decided to give it a shot. We maybe waited 5 minutes for a table which wasn't a big deal at all. We ended up sitting at the bar and were immediately offered drinks and menus. As for lunch, we ordered some fries to split which we were served right away and they were really good. I had to quit eating them because I was afraid I wouldn't want my sandwich.  I ordered the turkey breast and cheese and my boyfriend ordered the Pittsburger cheese steak. If you've never been, each sandwich is topped with fries, coleslaw, and tomatoes. We both ate our first half of our sandwiches and then decided to try each others. We both liked each others sandwich better than our own. Doesn't it always happen that way! Everything that is on the sandwich sounds delicious and you have to wonder why we weren't jumping for joy but we both felt like the fries on top dried it out some and I know I could have used some more sauce or mayo or something on it.I'm sure I would eat there again if given the chance and perhaps try a different sandwich. The service and the atmosphere were both great so I can see us returning for a second shot.
5	Good food, good beer, a Pittsburgh original. Went with my wife & two kids on a Saturday afternoon. Was a first time for my kids 5 & 1, both loved it!! All was very good! We will be back
5	Homemade bread + homemade coleslaw + piles of meat + french fries + tomatoes + my mouf = heaven.I mean, who doesn't like all that stuff--a meal to go?? Do yourself a favor, just go there already. It's the Best Sandwich I've Ever Had. Period.
5	Nothing like a great sandwich, and they have great sandwiches!
2	Ferguson joined me on a business trip here and wanted to try the famed food network acclaimed Primanti Bros. So we did.  It is now crossed off his  bucket list with heavy, angry lines that ripped through the paper in spots.  To those of you with it on your bucket list cross it off now.  It may have been a great place when you were rolling through town with a load of pig iron and had 15 minutes to fill your gullet but it currently has no redeemable value other than the kitschy idea of putting everything on your sandwich.  Bread - big,thick fluffy pieces that consumes the sandwich,Meat - under proportioned for the size and quantity of bread. Slaw - yes.  There's also slaw in sandwich.Fries - precooked.  Soggy.So many other things in Pittsburgh to try. Heck, potato filled pasta pockets (pierogis) have more character.So no more. Food network hype.
4	Awesome.  Got the pastrami.  Fresh bread.  Well seasoned pastrami.  Loved the slaw and fries on the sandwich.
5	The sandwich was great!  I was visiting Pittsburgh from San Diego. The locals were raving about this place, so my friends and I had to go try it. We were very satisfied here. The staff was a little rude, but rude in a funny way.  My buddy ask for no coleslaw on his sandwich and the waiter stopped writing his order and yelled at him, "What the F@#$  do you mean you want no cole slaw!"  It was hilarious. I highly recommend this place for out-of-towners!!!!
3	Does it live up to the hype? Not quite.Is it worth going at least once? Absolutely.The problem is it's just a big ol' soggy pile of average quality food. Sorry for the crazy long sentence. For historic reasons, you need to try Primanti Brothers. For a great meal, try about 200 better restaurants in The Burgh.
5	This place is a must every time I am in the Burgh!  I mean everything all sandwiched into one. . what's not to love???
3	So, we were on  a road trip through Pittsburgh and made a detour especially for this place. I had eaten here before and knew how much of a Pittsburgh instistution this place is. The service staff were friendly but the service itself was satisfactory at best. I was not impressed with my Sandwich (Capicola and cheese); it was OK. My wife enjoyed her turkey sandwich - I tasted it too and found it better than mine. The atmosphere inside is fun with all the pictures and memorabilia but given the expectations and the detour we had to take for it, we were underwhelmed. We wonder why such an established institution that has existed for so long still has a "cash only" policy sending it customers scrambling for ATMs...ah well
3	First off, as everyone may know, there's a lot of hype surrounding the sandwiches from Primanti Bros so it's always been on my list of places to eat at in Pittsburgh.  I came looking for a late night meal on a whim with my boyfriend so I got to avoid all the lunch traffic.  There was one guy at the counter, who was neither friendly nor rude. Just asked us what we wanted, served it, and that was that.  Quick and simple. I ordered the pastrami and cheese with an egg, because that was recommended by so many yelpers. I could have done without the egg, I could barely taste it since it was completely cooked under all that pastrami.  I thoroughly enjoyed my sandwich though.  The portion was huge and it was definitely flavorful.  Between my boyfriend and I, we devoured the pastrami.  His Pittsburgher cheese-steak was definitely a disappointment, on the other hand.  It was just an underwhelming, sad cheeseburger with fries and coleslaw on top.  He ended up eating just one half and I shared the other half of my sandwich with him.  I would definitely go again if I were in the area late at night with munchies or something, but I don't think I'd ever go out of my way to eat there during the day, considering how busy it gets. It is definitely not my favorite restaurant, but I'm glad I went to try it.
1	My husband was quite excited to eat here.  We saw a Man vs Food episode about this restaurant ages ago, and he has been excited ever since.  Having never been here before, we didn't' know what to expect.  We walked in, weren't greeted by anyone, although seen by several employees... once we saw, what we thought to be regulars, push passed us and seat themselves, we sat ourselves.  It was about 5 minutes before we had a waiter come to our table.  He was quite standoffish, and most unhelpful.  We ordered our meals, and waited with great expectation...  my husband really like his sandwich.  I, however, thought mine was the worst thing I had ever tasted.  It was supposed to be sirloin - it wasn't anything I had every tasted before; the fries were soggy, and I didn't enjoy the coleslaw either.I would not dine here ever again.
3	It is totally worth going here to get the tradition out of the way. Bread is really good, as are the pickles. The quality of meat is just so-so and it is a little hard to follow the service model when you are a newbie. They will sit you down- the menu is on the wall. The sandwiches all come with meat, fries, tomatoes and coleslaw on the sandwich. You have to order pickles on the side for extra. Order, eat, leave. You will be stupid and eat the whole sandwich. Accept it. You pay at the big signs that say "PAY HERE." Cash only.
2	Primanti Brothers is pronounced like this - Prih - MAN - Tee. It is not Prih - Mahn - Tee. People from Pittsburgh will take this error very seriously.So, onto the food. The famous Primanti Brothers roast beef sandwich is a very regular sandwich with some soft fries and OK coleslaw in it. The size of the sandwich is "above average" but it is not the gargantuan monster that I was hoping to see. The roast beef is fine but it really isn't anything to write home about. Primanti Brothers suffers from "Philly Cheesesteak Syndrome" - It is a food item that has come to represent a city's food scene and really just for tourists. It is fine food at a reasonable price but there are a hundred other, superior options.
4	I like this place very much and I really like th people who work here.  Very friendly and fast service.  I love their sandwiches because they are HUGE!!!  Bring your family!
2	As the chant goes "Overrated,Overrated!!"
4	Primanti Brothers is the sort of local haunt they show during football telecasts before and after commercials, where people are shoving down enormous sandwiches, contents dripping out all over the place. A few weeks ago, after a lot of anticipation, I got the chance to eat just like that and man it was good.  A big part of the appeal is the ability to know what people are talking about when they mention Primanti's and Pittsburgh in the same breath.  The sandwich was really satisfying, not legendary, but it definitely left me a happy customer.  The real draw is the feel of the neighborhood, the weathered dining room and the short-winded wait staff.  The sandwich is just something to do while your taking it all in.I thought the coleslaw-fry-pastrami-sandwich-beast was going to put me to sleep, but it wasn't even that filling.  The fluffy white bread really gave intimidating size impression, but you'll be able to finish it off no problem.
2	My brother talked this place up and wanted to take us there. After eating there, I'm not really sure why. There was a bunch of us so we ordered several appetizers including the zucchini, mozzarella, and mushrooms. All of it was ok, but nothing worth talking about. He also insisted we try the Pitts-Burger, which we shared and was honestly not just underwhelming, it wasn't very good at all. I ordered myself a gyro, which shouldn't even be called a gyro since it's not actually gyro meat. And they shove fries in and on everything. I won't say it was horrible, because it wasn't, but it also wasn't good. I'd give it 1 star except the server was helpful and attentive and the restaurant wasn't dirty.
4	First, their fries that are a part of the famous sandwiches deserve to be enjoyed by themselves as we'll.   these are some of the bet darn fries I have ever had.   The sandwiches are wonderful.  We had the roast beef, ham and cheese steak.  All were great.   The combination of the fries, tangy coleslaw and fresh soft bread make a perfect sandwich.   I would have had a side of the coleslaw as ell, could I fit another bite in my stomach.   These sandwiches are massive by the way (although I don't think that is much of a secret)
4	When I learned that I was going to Pittsburgh on business, before I booked my room or flight, I looked at the schedule and figured out when I could get to Primanti's in the Strip district.After seeing this sandwich temple on DDD, Man Vs.Food, Bourdain, and too many other shows, I knew it was a "can't miss". I'm a sandwich junkie, you see.The Hyatt hotel shuttle dropped me off and I was a little shocked at how tiny the room was. I learned later there was another larger room that was closed.I found a good place at the bar, and the place was blissfully not so crowded. There were two guys behind said bar who moved like machines, taking care of the entire place, and One of them was the cook. They were not chummy-friendly-talkative, but pro and attentive. They were too busy to bullshit. The gal at the front desk of the Hyatt advised to get the "Double Egg and Cheese" I asked the guy who was nominally the Primanti's  Waiter what he recommended, and he said that it was all good, but his favorite was the Capicolla. I had taken a call from the gent I was in Pitts to see, and he also said "Capicolla", but with a fried egg. I'm not a big fried egg lover, but  as I am a fan of the "Gabbagool" I ordered it..The guy behind the grill worked like lightning, slicing bread and throwing meat and cheese on the grill. Assembling sandwiches at all speed, I soon got my Primantis special.They serve on Waxed Paper-I watched the Waiter Guy carry 5 of the giant sandwiches at a time to a table. No dishes. Smart.Everyone knows (or should know) the scoop on Primanti's is the Fries and Coleslaw are all piled on top of the meat and cheese, between the bread. As I am a longtime devotee of Henry's Hot Dogs in Cicero, Illinois, where they, too, pile the Fries right on top of the Dog, I had no disconnect with the usual starchy side dish's  elevation to the main course. Any Chicagoan Gourmet worth his salt will also not blanch at the heaping of vegetables on top of a sandwich, as  "dragging through the garden" is the hallmark of any great Chicago Dog. Bring it on, Mr. Primanti.The first thing is flashed on was the bread. It looked like a normal Italian loaf, like the kind we get from Turano here in Chicago, cut on the bias to make a larger slice. This bread had a different flavor-It was rich and I even detected a hint of sweetness. It wouldn't surprise me if there wasn't a Semolina component to the bread. The crust and crumb were tender. Fabulous fabulous bread.The coleslaw was simple-vinegar, pepper and a little sweet-finely shredded and tasty as hell.I've gotta say that I'm not the biggest lover of French Fries. I seldom order them, but as they are an integral part of the Primanti's joint, I embraced the spud. The Primanti's edition are fresh cut, fried fresh, and were actually very very tasty. The Provolone Cheese and Gabbagool were fine but nothing special. There is a gestalt thing going on here. The sum was greater than the parts. All together, the Primantis Sandwich was unlike anything I've ever had, and was totally enjoyable. The atmosphere was easy going-then again I was there on a Sunday evening. I'll bet it gets manic in there. There are other Primantis in Pitts. and I was told the branches trump the Flagship, but I kinda dug the "Strip" District. And btw, the "strip" district has nothing to do with folks doffing their clothes. It's an entertainment/dining district. adjacent to Downtown Pitsburgh.I almost ordered a second sandwich, having layed low on intake all day knowing the Primanti's trip was nigh, but a second number would have been uncomfortable. I was still a bit peckish, so I ordered a few things that would not provoke guilt if I didn't finish. An order of the fine bread and butter, and more of the divine coleslaw. It was just the right capper.If I was going to carp about anything, it would be the small drink glasses-had to get a bunch of refills on my Diet Coke (which had a good throw, incidentally)Is it the greatest Sarnie I ever had? No. But was it a fine experience and a good feed? Absolutely! Solid 4 stars. Go there!!
3	Came here twice on my visit to Pittsburgh. Once During the day, once after a few drinks. Both times I was extremely hungry, and both times Primanti Bros. satisfied. Sandwiches run between 5-8 dollars, which is extremely cheap for the size of these bad boys. What makes their sandwiches unique is that they top each sandwich with slaw and french fries. The first sandwich I got was the pastrami, which was loaded with it and pretty good. The second sandwich I had was the Pittsburgh Cheesesteak, which was just okay. The problem I had with the sandwiches was that the fries kind of overpowered the rest of the sandwich, and they weren't very good. Overall, it's a decent place, and extremely cheap, but if you're looking for a great sandwich, look elsewhere.
5	I love cap!
5	The best sandwich in the business...hands down.
5	Straight up, this is the way to make a sandwich. Big hunks of fresh bread, all the toppings on the inside, and a really great price. I love this location in particular because it's the original, the dive, where everything is made right there amidst the delicious grease and darkness instead of in some sterile chain-restaurant kitchen. Somehow everything comes out better and tastes better here. I got a free double-meat coupon for joining their mailing list, and I put it to good use last time I visited here. I can see why single meat might seem kinda skimpy, because with the fries and slaw right there on the bread, they can overwhelm the main feature, but with double meat you get to taste everything in every bite. I also opted for chili fries as an appetizer this time, and was rewarded with a huge basket of fries (this is a two-person appetizer MIN.) covered with chili that puts anything in Cincinnati to shame. (Texas will still massacre anyone else's chili, but I'm talking about Cinci-style runny chili here, not the meaty thick good stuff, and now I want to go back to Texas just writing this parenthetical statement.)Tl;dr? Go here. Detour here. Visit Pittsburgh again, get downtown, and get yourself a huge sandwich with no apologies. Throw back a local brew if you like, watch the game if it's on, and eat up!
4	Pittsburgh Original!For any of you other interlopers: Expect a MASSIVE sandwich filled with fries and slaw.  The slaw isn't southern style- more of an oil and vinegar type that's not very runny.  Went with a friend who said he hated coleslaw and liked it!This location is CASH ONLY and parking can get a little rough during busier hours.We went at 9am and had sandwiches, beer, and zero issues.Something anyone not from Pittsburgh should definitely take the time to check out.  And seriously: listen to your local friends.  This paricular location DOES taste different than the others!
4	DUDE. These guys are not messing around. I was in Pittsburgh for literally 16 hours, but my friend from the area said we had to go to Primanti's, and she didn't lead us astray. It wasn't busy on a Monday night at 7, mainly because the city totally shuts down after 5 so we got great service from the gal at the bar. Despite the fact that we knew what we were getting into, everyone besides my hubby and I decided not to share. Bad move, buddy. These sandwiches are ridiculous. Our capicola & cheese came loaded with fries, coleslaw, and tomatoes. It was sort of an adventure figuring out how to eat that bad boy, but super good! I tried a piece of the hot sausage and it was just as tasty as ours.If you're only in town for a short while (which I hope for your sake you are) Primanti Bros. is a must taste while in town!
4	This is the real deal. Many try to copy it, but it just can't be done. Okay, I admit you have to have a taste for it. I have found many non locals who don't enjoy it. Me, I'm from Wheeling, so I consider myself part Pittsburgh and yes, Primanti Brothers is awesome. This is the original one, my personal favorite. They have fancier ones with bigger menus in other locations, but this is real deal and they don't mess around with their menu. It's sandwiches, fries, chili, and a few other things. I love the Cajun chicken, and the cheesesteak. My husband loves the fish. This is cash only and parking can be rough sometimes, but it is totally worth it.
4	Everyone in here has a story.  Hard not to love this place.  We sat at the counter right in front of the grill where the real action and stories are.  I had the pastrami sandwich and  I would have given this place (5) stars but they do not season anything.  I know that because I watched.  I think these days, with so much emphasis on 'no this' and 'no that', they leave it up to the customers to season for themselves.  Dude!  Look at the sandwich--it's not the salt or pepper that will kill you.  I am not a salt freak.  I hardly ever add it to anything, but  I do understand seasoning and why the best tasting food is cooked with butter and salt. I do have one observation, as delicious as these sandwiches are (after seasoning for myself) there is not as much substance (meat) as a NYC deli sandwich.  That is because the thickness of the bread (superb) and fries (delicious) and slaw( spectacular) leaves not much room for anything else.I loved this place, and would go back in a heartbeat.  The people in it were terrific, fun, colorful and the sandwich was delicious--but you need to season it with salt to bring out the true taste of how good these sandwiches are.  By the way. My blood pressure is 112/78 if you are wondering
4	A heaping sandwich with meats, cole slaw, and fries packed between 2 slices of bread. Send your hunger running, or stop your blood from running.....
3	It's an experience. But from the words of my husband, "I wouldn't go here very often if I lived here." We stopped in after spending the night on a trip out east. We ordered the Philly cheese steak and turkey. I appreciated the fact that the waitress said they were big and we didn't need to order fries. They were more than enough to feed my husband, daughter and I! I did not like the slaw--I like sweeter slaw. I ended up scraping it off my two halves. The quality was so-so. I would recommend it for people just visiting the city but I personally would try something else next time I pass through town.
4	The space is kind of tight and the presentation could be better but the sandwiches are delicious and fulling. Definately worth the wait for a table.
4	Yum. The Primanti Cheesesteak.Hamburger+Fries+Lettuce+Toms all on some white bread.Delicious. Instant heartburn, instant gratification.Don't come here for the decor. Don't bother putting your bra on.Just order and eat up. Thank me later.Don't bring your vegan friend.
3	Eh, not exactly what I expected but it was good the less. Not taking credit cards is always odd to me. I guess since I'm from NYC I expect credit cards to be accepted every where but for place that I as crowded as this place I just can't figure it out.The primanti cheesesteak was nothing that I thought it would be. I was thinking of a dripping oozy Philly wrap but not in this part of town. Not in this part of PA. Although I enjoyed it, I doubt I'll ever take an hr trip from Ohio to it again.I actually like the decor unlike other Yelpers. I had no idea about all the people who represented Pittsburgh but I left way more aware.The bathrooms location is crazy, but its all part of the this place is weird type of thing.Carol and my family seemed to enjoy it, because they were passed out on the drive back to Ohio and you know when something gives you the itus it's a good sign.It's an experience and an experience is worth three stars.
3	Horribly overrated. A goup of five of us driving through Pitt decided to visit this sandwich institution. All five of us had the farts or stomach discomfort. One in the group barfed a few hours later.The guy cutting the bread was also taking $$$ without using gloves with the food.Despite the intestinal after party being an epic fail, all of us thought our sandwiches were tasty. I personally reccomend having the egg added to your sandwich. The cole slaw here appears to have no mayo and despite my hatred for cole slaw, i actually enjoyed it.The fries were slightly a little soggy but were very delicious. The chili ordered on the side was underwhealming and i encourage you not to waste your cash on it.Overall, I do think I will come back next time im in Pitt
3	Not personally impressed with this sandwich but I respect it.The sandwich has "potatoes" (aka fries) on it, and a heaping mound of 'slaw - these fixins alone makes the trip and wait to get in worth it to some. I respect this sandwich because it wasn't too salty, heavy, or greasy - considering.The meat/cheese ratio is actually on the lighter side, the slaw is vinegar based (not mayo), and the fries are less than a side order portion. The "white bread" is cut from an Italian loaf. I am just used to better sandwiches - this one was just subpar.
5	I've been coming here my whole life. It has it's amazing and it's bad moments. Every time I come back from a trip and drive through the fort Pitt tunnels all I can think about is primanti bros
4	Primanti Brothers is one of those things you just have to do when you are in Pittsburgh.The place is almost always packed, the food is terrible for you but...you just got to do it.It does not get any more Pittsburgh then this!Cash only, no plastic.
1	WHAT ARE YOU PEOPLE EATING??!!! I was SO excited to eat here, we walked at least 2 miles to get here and for what?! Terrible service, TERRIBLE food.- and i was starving so it must have been REALLY bad. There were so many other restaurants that visually looked better but we sat here because of all the reviews we read about the Origional Primanti Bro. Without being dramatic- I ready to go to Mc Donalds afterwards but I ate too much of the nasty food because I kept thinking "its got to get better soon."  :( so sad
1	In town for a wedding and decided to make our way to Primanti Brothers after hearing about it so much. I am from Chicago and I have been to Philly so I was expecting the Italian beef and Philly cheesesteak equivalent of Pittsburgh instead I got the MOST bland sandwich I have ever had. We tried the sirloin and cheese and the so called #2 rated pittsburger sandwich and we were disappointed. There was barely any meat and all I tasted was fries. The coleslaw was bland. I don't know how a sandwich with meat cheese and fries have no flavor?! The pittsburger was even worse! It tasted like a Salisbury steak you get at the super market put in a piece of bread.Over all very disappointed in this place. I ate my sandwich coz it was late and I was starving but I feel disgusted. The service was nothing exceptional either. There were no lids for the drinks which was weird.Would not go here again or recommend this to anyone.
5	I am glad to have experienced an iconic sandwich, while getting my HRC shot glass in the city of Steel.  Starting with the bread, it is soft and really complements the meat, the slaw and fries packed inside.  The place was like the "Cheers" bar and many local patrons were watching the Pirates losing on TV (lol).   There are multiple locations but I went to this one.  Overall, I would not hesitate to recommend the restaurant if anyone is visiting Pittsburgh and wants a quick bite.
4	Great place, a must go if you're in Pittsburgh. The service was lacking, but the sandwich was amazing. Fries and slaw on everything!
2	I guess it's a local thing.  Since I was not sure what I was walking into, I kind of went with it.  The corned beef was tender, but a few slices less and it would have been MIA, the  slaw was tasty, the french fries on the sandwich with the bread kind of threw me.  But heck what do I know.  Once I figured out how to navigate the sandwich... it was just okay.  But once is enough!
1	Owney's bottomline: DON'T DO IT!!!! It's TERRIBLE FOOD!!! People will try to convince you that you "just have to do it while in Pittsburgh"....BUT DONT!!! Waste of money, time and calories. Far overrated. I dont understand why this place get's so much attention. The take away is that these are BLAND, messy and boring creations. I tried the cheese steak, which was recommended to us as their best seller. The meat was tired and dull, the coleslaw was sub par (ive had better at the grocery store), and the french fries were boring and soggy. If this place is going to be famous for stuffing french fries in to their sandwiches then it should make sure those fries are phenomenal. These are not - not even close. I also tried the chili cheese fries. I literally had about 5 bites and couldnt take it anymore. A soggy, sloppy and disgusting mess. Dont get me wrong, I love sloppy food when it's done well, but this was just a disaster. Maybe adding bacon bits adds character to food, but it doesnt add taste and it was a bad idea on this concoction. Seriously - they make their money by out of towners like me who hear how great it is on TV and who convince themselves its going to be great and tell others. It's a vicious cycle that breathes life in to bad food. DONT DO IT! PS - nice people though.Oh yeah....by the way...if you are going to be a "Pittsburgh Institution" and franchise your crappy food then you can at least get a card swipper for your IPhone and accept credit cards. It's this kind of mind boggling stupidity that makes me wonder why this HORRIBLE place is still in business.
3	It's a decent sandwich that for the money is a very good deal. I had the cappicola. It was a perfect ratio of meat, cheese, fries, tomato and coleslaw. Very filling and decently tasty. This is not fancy food, just hearty sandwiches. Nothing more.
1	Lots of hype... No substance....Hey,  where' the beef...??  No Kidding.... Where's the beef..??Had their Pastrami sandwhich....  Extra thick cut of Bread... Ok.... Lots of cole slow... Ok... Tons of French fries between buns... Ok...  Pastrami..??... About 2 oz of meat at the best....... No kidding.... That's all folks....You get tons of. " FLUFF "  but very little of what the sandwhich is named after...!!!What a disappointment.... Folks, you get twice more meat in a Subway sandwhich....  All you are getting is Tons of fluff for $7. Do yourself a favor... Read some reviews about the some better choices in the same vicinity...
1	My review is going to sound like the several I read on here.  Spent two days in Pittsburgh and I told my hubby, "I don't care what we do but we HAVE to go to Primanti Brothers before we go home!"  Primanti Brothers is what i've associated with Pittsburgh and now that I've been there, for the life of me, I don't understand why.       First of all, no credit cards??  Your sales might sore if you accepted cards but then again, your food would have to match up to offering that feature.        We ordered Cheese steak.  Very little cheese.  It's a CHEESE steak.  Very little meat.  I couldn't even finish my half and not because it was too  big.  Hubby agrees with the comments on the food being bland.  I felt like I ordered a french fry sammy and everything else on the sandwhich were just condiments for the fries.   Probably the worst chili cheese fries I've ever had.   Ok, so I had my Pittsburgh experience and I walked out of the place thinking I'm was just being a food snob because nothing because Cincinnati food.   But now that I've read the reviews, i know its not just me.
3	While on a road trip we decided to stop and stay over in Pittsburgh, PA.  Looking on Google for "things to do in Pittsburgh"/"what to not miss in Pittsburgh" we saw that Primanti Brothers was on the list, so we decided that we should experience the wonder of the Primanti sandwiches.Primanti Brothers is open 24 hours a day and has a small parking lot attached for customer parking.  If you get there after 6pm street parking is open, so you should have several options.  The restaurant is a lot of fun to look at.  You can tell it has been around for a long time (80 years).  The walls are covered in framed newspaper articles reviewing the restaurant, pictures of celebrities at the restaurant, and t-shirts that say "Bite Me...Primanti Brothers."  They are a cash only facility, but there is an ATM in the front in case you don't have any cash on you.  The kitchen is open and you can sit in that room or the attached room where the bar is located.  The restaurant can be compared to an old diner or sandwich shop where you can find the menu on a placard on the wall.All but three of the sandwiches are meat heavy.  If you are not a meat eater then you may choose one of two fish sandwiches, an egg sandwich, or a cheese sandwich.  All sandwiches come with a heaping helping of fries, cole slaw, and tomato piled on top of your sandwich filling choice, and stuffed in between two thick pieces of white bread.I split a cheese deluxe sandwich with my girlfriend.  She really enjoyed her half of the sandwich, complimenting the cook for getting the greasiness of the fries just perfect.  I was not as pleased with my half.  I enjoyed the cole slaw, it added a bit of tang and tart crispness to a rather dull sandwich.  They were not at all generous with the amount of cheese in the sandwich, the bread was quite tasteless, and the fries were soggy and flavorless.  I added some salt to the fries and that made a world of difference, but I still wasn't a fan.  I'm glad I went to the restaurant and experienced this Pittsburgh staple but I  could  have skipped it and that would have been fine too.  The sandwich was reasonable priced, so I didn't lose out too much.
4	This is one if those places where you either love it or hate it; we loved it. We visited on a Sunday morning & were seated and served pretty quickly. There were five of us and we all had sandwiches. Recommend you get corned beef & not pastrami, as wife thought it was too bland. No real kids menu, So my son, who's give had soup and some pickles. There is small parking lot behind the restaurant & it's free.
3	Primanti brothers is a "gotta go" type place. They don't give great food, they put fries in the sandwich and don't really balance it with the meat or cheese. But it is iconic and has a unique charm to it. Nice servers, fast service, and reasonable prices give it a lot of positive reviews as well. If you're expecting a culinary masterpiece go elsewhere. It's more of a novelty with a pretty good taste and incredibly fresh bread.
1	It must really be you either love this place or hate it.  Unfortunately, we were the latter.  I cannot for the life of me figure out why people love this place.  I knew there were mixed reviews out there, and I should have listened to my gut and skipped this.  We had the cheese steak - their #2 best seller (beer is their #1) and the BLT.  The sandwiches are a little large b/c of the pile on of cole slaw and fries.  Let me start with the bread - it's plain white bread.  Nothing special...at all.  The slaw was decent but there wasn't enough of it.  The fries were the worst part of the sandwich!  I love fries but these things were completely tasteless.  They were just soggy and bland.I'm sure there are better places out there for lunch in Pittsburgh - I recommend you try to find those before coming to Primanti's.
2	Yeah, I know, it's the famous "Primanti Brothers." An institution in Pittsburgh. A rite of passage for locals and travelers alike. To be revered and spoken of in only the most reverent tones. I have several Pittsburgh born co-workers who know my love for food and recommend this as the "best sandwich in the 'Burgh. Started as a 3 a.m to 3 p.m. food cart for nearby late night truckers in the 1930's, Primanti's has grown tremendously, and everyone, foodie or not, has to go there. Or so it seems. Adam from Man vs. Food; Rachel Ray; National Geographic - they've all been to the "Shrine of the Primanti's". Well now I have, too.Although they have expanded to 20 stores in PA, and three in Florida, If I am making the trek, I might as well trek to Mecca - The original Primanti's in the Strip District, just a mile or so northeast of downtown. Brightly illuminated and highly visible with enough exterior neon to make a strip club jealous, the Strip's Primanti's sits in what deceptively looks like a "rough neighborhood". Nearby are a number of nice little restaurants and bars, and if you stay reasonably close, there is nothing to fear, appearances aside. Walking in you will find nothing special. Brightly lit with a food prep area and a couple of employees behind a counter with bar height backless stools on the left. A moderate amount of evenly spaced tables and chairs along the wall to the right and down the center aisle. The menu, as well as some minimally artful local sports depictions, are painted on the wall. There is a moderate selection of sandwiches, with soup, chili and fries available here. None of the Nachos, salads, wings and deep fried items that are available in the suburban stores. No, not here. No Potato Boats, Hoagies or Pizzas. No kids menu. Exotic here is chili and cheese on the side order of fries.After sitting for several minutes in a relatively empty restaurant, I finally walked up and got myself a beer at the counter. I picked Iron City Beer, a premium lager from a local brewery, the Pittsburgh Brewing Company. The beer was pretty good for what it was. A working man's beer in the Pabst Blue Ribbon or Old Milwaukee style. Nothing wrong with that. It goes perfectly with the Primanti Bros. Experience. A Young's Double Chocolate Stout or something similar would be entirely out of place here, as would the person ordering it. I placed my order when the beer showed up. I stuck with a classic: Pastrami and Swiss. I was told - "Sorry, no Swiss - only provolone." The menu mentions Swiss, but tonight, for some reason, it was only Provolone. Missing the sharp bite that Swiss provides, I pass on the cheese. Bread is thick cut Italian, no other option. Cole slaw and the fries (a Primanti "Secret to their success"), comes on there too, unless you ask otherwise. Onions on request - so of course - I request. Served on a piece of paper, the sandwich doesn't look like anything special. I tear open a few packets of Grey Poupon, spread those around, and dig in. And the pronouncement on the Legendary Primanti Pastrami is ----Meh. Bread is OK, a little dry. The fries add nothing, they are better eaten off the sandwich. The slaw is fine, it's actually quite nicely seasoned, and there is a single tomato. The sandwich is cut in half. The pastrami itself? Pretty good, but not as much Pastrami on there as you would think upon first look. While the sandwich seems thick, the meat is more of a "ball" in the center giving the sandwich it's height, than it is a "crust to crust" adventure. It's maybe a 5 on a scale of 1 to 10. I would be disappointed if this is what I made at home and served to friends. And they would get it for free. Almost $7.00, and completely overpriced compared to an equivalent elsewhere. Apparently a life changing event for some, I found myself deeply disappointed after all of the hype. Even based on the "Diner or Dive" scale, I was still less than impressed.I leave, pushing past the semi-drunk crowd of younger folks pushing in for a late night bite. Perhaps they'll think it's great, I certainly did not. I wanted to, I really, really wanted to. But sadly, I did not. Sorry my friends, I tried.
5	My favorite place for a sammich and an Iron City. Cash only BTW.
3	Deece.I guess I was expecting more with the hype. The restaurant location is pretty easy to find. We didn't have to wait as we went in between lunch and dinner times. The sandwich wasn't as flavorful as I expected. Kind of bland. The fries left a lot to be desired.Go and try for yourself to say you've had the famous Pittsburgh sandwich.
3	Man v. Food brought me here. The atmosphere is Steeler Nation. The food was decent, I guess I just expected more...The server was fairly rude when asked about the selection of cheeses they offer. Sandwich 1-5=3.
2	I'd like to thank Primanti Brothers for finally giving me my official stance on a controversial opinion I've believed for years.....when they put french fries right on the sandwich it SUCKS. It always sucks. It always will suck. This place is suppose to be the best at it and its just not very good. People need to stop this "emperors new clothing" of French Fries on a sandwich being anything but a poorly executed gimmick.The thing about French Fries is that they are starchy and flaky. I would assume the reason they became a popular side dish is because they are a good palette cleanser. You eat a french fry and then all the tastes of your main course is fresh in your mouth again.Now, I expected Primanti Brothers to be different because they are supposedly the best. But I found their fries bland and undercooked. I got the steak and egg sandwich and I had to cover the whole thing with salt, hot sauce and ketchup. Then the sandwich was ok.I will say the bread they use on the sandwich was great. Too bad they have to ruin their sandwiches with this idea that French Fries in the sandwich is a good thing. Its a gimmick and it stinks. Its as bad as bacon with desserts.2 notes. 1st, this is the original location so you can't tell me that another location does it better. 2nd, someone told me that they are made to be eaten drunk at 4am. However, Gold Star Chili is good while drunk at 4am too. Proves nothing.
4	I really want to give them 5 stars as I grew up on the sandwiches but I think they have let the fame go to their head. I can understand all the low reviews becuase the food channels have over hyped this place beyond all reason. Realistically it's a good cheap and local place to grab a big sandwich and wash it down with an ice cold "America's Oldest Brews" (Yuengling). It really is a GOOD sandwich though but I feel it was better before all the hype. Also if it's your first time order some smallman st. fries as well. This is the only Pirmanti's I will go to and I love the fact it is 24/7.
3	On my weekend visit to Pittsburgh, I quickly learned that Primanti Bros. was a must try.  My first taste was at PNC Park where they have an express version, but I must have had 10 to 20 people tell me that I must also try the original location in the Strip District to get the full experience.  So...at about 2am after a night of bar hopping, I wandered down through the warehouses and found myself in a packed restaurant.  I'd tried the roast beef & cheese at the ballpark and decided to try something different at this location.  I was disappointed when told that there was no more tuna, so I settled on the ham, egg & cheese.  Loaded with slaw and onions, I scarfed this monster sandwich down with ease.  Like the one at the ballpark, I found it to be good, but not great.  For me, the slaw is a bit overpowering and the soft bread makes it a huge mess to eat.  I'd order one again someday, but probably go with the black angus steak & cheese.  According to my last taxi driver, he claims that it's the best.
2	Disappointed with the service this time, saw our waitress once, no refill and the sandwich was tiny in comparison to last time.   Will come back, yes - it's still the best. Just not sure what happened, I was very disappointed to say the least. I rode a bike over 200 miles and was ready for some food and drink. We went up the street for additional beverage :-(
2	UGH! --Bland food...After hearing about this cool sandwich shop in the Strip District, my friend and I headed here with a ravenous appetite.  We entered the pub style place and were looking forward to some good food.  Our server was great. She was attentive and on the ball, but the food was awful.  We both ordered sandwiches with the fries "not in them".  We got our goods and had a very hard time finding any meat in the mound or coleslaw.  We then realized why they put fries in the sandwich..to make you feel full and nothing more.   The sandwiches were lifeless and fries on the side soggy.   We opted for the loaded fries and they said "bacon" with cheese and chili on top, but they were actually Bacon Bits! Little hard crunchy, meatless crisps!  Awful food here and we couldn't get out of there fast enough.  Cheers to our nice server though!
4	I was so excited to come here to get a sandwich. I grew up in PGH and was visiting hoping to get a taste of home but felt a little rushed by the waitresses. When  I finally got up to pay I overheard one of the workers saying here they  come like they where talking about us. Food was good but kinda bummed that I felt rushed out.
3	We had asked a few friends for recommendations in Pittsburgh and heard this name multiple times, so we decided to give it a try on a pit-stop to Cleveland. I'm not sure what all the hype is about. It's a sandwich with french fries in it. The fries were average. I liked the soft white bread. The pastrami and corned beef were what you'd expect. I'm not too big a fan of either types of meat. The cole slaw was just meh, too. My one girl friend warned me and she said we should try Pamela's diner instead, which is just a skip away in the Strip District. Next time, fo' sho' cuz I'm not going back to Primanti Bros. NOTE: This place is cash only and affordable.
4	I'm an out of towner who is not a fan of coleslaw at all. I thought for sure I'd try it and be "eh whatever about it". We went after a Pirates game and it was honestly the best sandwich I've ever had. The coleslaw is not overpowering and adds a great texture with the fries and roast beef. One of my favorites. This will absolutely be a place I stop every time I'm in Pittsburgh to watch a game.
2	After my first Primanti experience, here's how I'd sum it up: _just okay_This place undoubtedly has a cult following (and I respect it), but it's grown to be one of the spots where the hype just compounds one person after another.I'd rate the sandwiches a solid "average," the service "pretty poor," and price as "dirt cheap."
4	Pastrami sandwich didn't disappoint!   After hearing so much about this iconic spot, I had to stop in and see what was going on!  Well worth the visit if you're in Pittsburgh.  Great to eat at a non-chain restaurant with such rich history and quality food!  Bread.....awesome!!
5	First time here after hearing about it for years during football games. A++++, great food, service, and prices. You will not be disappointed.
2	We had heard about this restaurant on line and via mouth.   We drive 4 hours to a concert.  Arrived at. 11:53 and they sent us away.   Soooooo disappointed.  Service and personalities of staff was awful!
2	Let me start by saying "fries inside the sandwich!!!!' so what?!?!? Even Burger King puts fries inside their sandwich now....doesn't mean it's good!There was a time that Primanti  was probably the best. There was a time that their sandwiches were probably jaw dropping and awe-inspiring however, that time has passed.Much like a Pat's or Geno's here we have another iconic Pennsylvania restaurant that by name alone manages to draw crowds and visitors. And much like Pat's and Geno's these once inventive sandwiches have been recreated and remade by countless others who have actually improved on the original recipes. So what do these iconic names do to retain their prestige?!?!? Nothing! No changes, no improvement they just live off the what was....and some how it continues to work for them?!?!? I had the Primanti Cheese Steak: Cheese, Steak, Egg, Fries, Slaw, Tomato. Fries could have been good if seasoned. Egg was a nice surprise...I forgot they did that. Steak was meh! I'm not sure that going to a place to "say I've been there" or "for the experience" is good enough anymore...the experience of what?!?! Subpar food?!?!? Yay me, I settled for crap!
5	Great sandwiches and servicesFantastic atmosphere.
5	I went to college in Pittsburgh & Primantis was probably what I missed the most after moving away. I love the sweet sausage, egg & cheese. Last time I went out to The Burgh I brought home 3 sandwiches to the Philly suburbs. Not as good after the long trip but they still held up! I have eaten at 3 of the other Primantis around the city and they are good but not the same as the strip district shop. Nothing better than a Primantis sandwich & an IC Light!
2	The food is cheap, but not a lot of meat on the sandwich. The fries on top of the sandwich were cold but the coleslaw on the sandwich was great.
4	They would have gotten 5 stars because the sandwiches we had were AWESOME! But the female server in the red shirt really had a bad attitude and gave me crappy service.  I had the angus steak sandwich and my son the pastrami one, both were really good man food that I washed down with a cold rolling rock.  Atmosphere is perfect for the food they serve.  Will definitely comeback next time I'm in Pitt, I'll just make sure I avoid that server. ;-)))
3	I would say this place was not bad. If the line is longer then 20 mins don't bother. I had the pastrami sandwich and have to say it was good but I have had better.  Like many others wrote I am not a big fan of coldslaw on my sandwich.  This place definetly does have charqcter , it takes you back.  I think to be able to say I have tried it go, but I don't think I would really go back unless I was going with someone who has never been.
5	Had breakfast here this morning. Went with the pastrami and cheese. It was absolutely delicious. The pastrami was lean tasty battery and warm through out. The fries added the perfect snap and the cole slaw was amazing. Greatest breakfast I ever had.
5	Amazing, unique sandwiches! Very great for late night drunken romps or after a show. If your'e in Pittsburgh its a must try! Though, like the cheese steaks in Philly you better know what you're ordering or the cooks get pissed.
5	After reading reviews, I decided to give this possible tourist trap a try.  After all, how bad could you screw up a sandwich with French fries?!  In town on business, so needless to say a Monday night @ 7pm was not standing room only.  Seated quickly by friendly staff.  As recommended, I stayed away from cheesesteak and ordered pastrami with extra meat and a beer.  Order came out quickly and looked great.  I promptly flipped sandwich over ( as recommended for best taste) and took a bite.  GREAT sandwich.  Other sandwiches ordered by friends included: roast beef, corned beef, and bacon.  Some added eggs, some did not.  Everybody liked sandwiches.My responses to concerns raised by other reviews: ingredients blended well, but spring for extra meat (egg optional).  My fries were crispy.  Bread was soft, seamed fresh,  and held up as well as can be expected.  Staff was down to earth and real.Bottom line: if you want a fine dining experience or canned/corporate directed chain store service or food, steer clear.  If you want / expect a great sandwich in a down to earth, blue collar type local shop, this is your place!
2	Definitely overrated, I had higher expectations after hearing about this place.  It was way too busy for the quality of food.  I think there has to be a better place when sober.  I think I would love it drunk, but not too much beef and fries had no taste to them.  Staff and customers were nice otherwise I'd only have given it one star.  I wonder if they suffer from quality decrease due to popularity because I definitely was expecting better.  Location is great with easy parking, I would try it out as an out of towner maybe, but I would look elsewhere for lunch or dinner and keep this in the pocket for late night dining after drinking.
4	A sandwich with French fries? Now that's what I call a good meal. I got the Cajun chicken sandwich and it was delicious! It was the best coleslaw I've had. I can't wait to visit again to try their other sandwiches!The service was not the best, but it also was very busy. The lady that took our order had to come back three times to confirm and still ended up giving us the wrong food and forgot our drinks.
4	I grew up near Pittsburgh and remember eating Primantis as a kid. I always hated the fries on my sandwich but learned to love it. I recommend the Salami, Angus Cheesesteak, Capicola, and even the Burgher Cheesesteak. A true Pittsburgh staple.
4	My first stop in the Strip District was the famous Primanti Bros., a chain of sandwich shops founded in 1933 in Pittsburgh. This is the original location. Its signature items are its sandwiches, which consist of grilled meat, an Italian dressing-based coleslaw, tomato slices, and French fries between two pieces of Italian bread.I settled on pastrami, which was the original sandwich and a sweet tea. I'm not sure if you can tell but this sandwich is stacked! It's hard to get your hands around. The first bite is a bit of shock. Taking in all the tastes, including the slaw. It's different, but delicious, a winning combination for sure! The added fries give it more 'meat'.  I would eat here from time to time. It seems like a good hangover cure.As I was leaving I ran into Toni. She saw me taking pictures and asked the couple I was sitting next to about me while I was in the restroom. She was waiting for me when I walked out, excited to hear about this girl from Nebraska. What a sweet little lady! Toni has been the manager at Primanti's for 40 years. She migrated here from Italy, which is pretty clear from her thick accent. She started working in a restaurant and became friends with the guy who now owns Primanti's. She said her favorite sandwich is also the pastrami and as far as the 'fame', she doesn't care. "It's all about making the money." She also told me that out of all the famous foodies who have visited, that Bobby Flay is her favorite. "He's my boyfriend!"The original shop is located in Pittsburgh's Strip District, a narrow strip of land where the warehouses and produce yards are located. In the 1930s, the Strip was a very busy place. Truckers delivered their goods in the middle of the night and had to get back on the road quickly. So Primanti's designed their sandwich to be eaten with one hand, while the driver drove the truck with the other. By combining the sides with the sandwich, a Pittsburgh staple was born. Of course, the restaurant offers a slightly humorous take on it, offering the explanation that the Primanti brothers simply forgot the plates and forks one day. According to the restaurant, Joe Primanti, born in suburban Wilmerding, Pennsylvania, invented the sandwich during the Great Depression. His brothers, Dick and Stanley, later joined him. The Primantis opened their hole-in-the-wall restaurant at Smallman Street and 18th Street in the Strip District and served the late-night and early-morning workers who were unloading fish, fruits, and vegetables.The restaurant was featured in an article in the August 2003 edition of National Geographic magazine.The restaurant was mentioned on the April 21, 2008, episode of The Daily Show with Jon Stewart in an interview with president Barack Obama. Stewart suggested that Obama visit the restaurant for their "great sandwiches", which Stewart had enjoyed as a comedian on the club circuit. Primanti Brothers made the list of 1,000 Places to See Before You Die in the USA and Canada by Patricia Schultz. The original Primanti Brothers location was also one of the featured stops of Man v. Food host Adam Richman during the show's visit to Pittsburgh.In 2012, another Adam Richman-hosted show, Best Sandwich in America, featured Primanti's during the Northeast-region episode.
2	I don't know why this place got such great ratings. We got the Smallman Street fries, chili cheese fries, sausage sandwich, and corned beef sandwich. Overall, the food was flavorless. Maybe we're just spoiled since we're used to Philly's delicious cuisine..
4	Parking lot for Primanti Bros. customers, centralized location, downtown in the strip district,hospitable staff and very homey feel,fast and efficient service,good pastrami on soft Italian bread stuffed with french fries and coleslaw!!!!ya,its kinda like that.black and yellow black and yellow!
5	It's a classic! Can't hate on that. Haven't had a complete trip to the Pitts without eating at primanti brothers. Ya know when you have a heaping pile napkins that it's finger Lickn' good. Always Cheap and fulfilling..doesn't get better than that. Cajun chicken is the bomb I must say.
2	When I moved to Pittsburgh, I was told that I had to try this place because they had the best sandwiches and it was a great "Pittsburgh experience." I could not have been more disappointed! I'm assuming the "experience" is waiting in a long line full of yinzer sports fanatics before/during/after a game. Luckily, when we went it was quite empty because I would have been extremely pissed if I waited more than 10 minutes for this awful sandwich. I'm not saying it's awful because it's greasy and unhealthy, I LOVE greasy and unhealthy. This was just bland and overrated. It really blows my mind that this is the sandwich shop that has grown to represent Pittsburgh! I ordered the Pittsburgher Cheese steak (the #2 bestseller according to the menu). Coming from Philadelphia, I have high standards for cheese steaks. I thought, "Hmmm...a cheese steak with fries, coleslaw and an egg...what could go wrong?"EVERYTHING. The sandwiches are served on the softest bread that immediately soaks everything up and squishes paper-thin. I guess that's necessary because it's the only way you attempt to fit the giant disappointment in your mouth. The egg was flattened and dried out. The worst part of it was the meat. I became a little skeptical when i saw the cook carry out a box of frozen meat patties which made me reminiscent of time working at McDonald's in high school. The "cheese steak" consists of a beef patty that wouldn't even make a satisfactory burger. It was completely flavorless.The best parts of the sandwich were the coleslaw and fresh cut fries, which I would have preferred to have on their own. I've hears the pastrami and cheese is pretty good, so if I'm ever pressured to try it again, I'd go with that. Otherwise, I'll get an overpriced sandwich somewhere else that won't be such a disappointment.
4	This is like a heart attack diabetes sandwiche that is sooooo filling yet delicious....we ordered the philly cheese and pastrami and only finished half of the sandwiche, it comes stacked with fries and slaw, just look at my pic and you'll get the picture....I had instant food coma right when I got back to the hotel....don't expect it to be a classy place...it's pretty dingy like a bar and limited seating, but hey this is the original primanti brothers
1	Nope. Nope. NOPE. When I moved here, I got the "Oh my ghad ya have to go to Pimanny's!" After doing a search for Pimanny's, and the GPS asking if I meant Primanti's, I went to PRIMANTI'S. Actually, the boyfriend and I went to Primanti's. The boyfriend doesn't like a lot of stuff on his sandwich. He asked for the fries and slaw on the side. Enter first bad impression. "You can't have it on the side!' The woman behind the counter snapped. Um, yeah, I can. I look around and notice that everything is served on wax paper, so I poke the boy and point to a patron's "plate." So boyfriend says "it's ok if you just pile it up next to the sandwich, I don't mind." She replies "It comes on the sandwich. Not on the side." So needless to say, no slaw or fries for Mr. Boyfriend. At this point, I'm pissed. If you read my other reviews you know I work in customer service FOR TIPS. I don't care where I am, I don't care how it's served. This is bad service. We didn't ask for anything special or complicated. Whatever. I'm here, and he ordered, so I guess we are still eating. I ordered the fish. "You want yours no slaw no fries too I bet, huh?" Repress. Urge. To. Be. A. Jerk. "No, as is will be fine, thanks." So it's Italian bread. Ok. The crust is hard, the bread gets soft with all the stuff on the sandwich. Eating these things is a hot mess. I don't mind a messy meal, but I don't get the appeal here. I understand the history, truck drivers needed to eat on the go, everything went on the sandwich, problem solved. Well, I'm not a truck driver. I'm not on the go. I'm sitting at your bar, wondering how the hell anyone ever ate this while they were driving without wearing it. Anyway, it wasn't epic. The fish was plain, the slaw was plain, the fries were fries, and the bread was meh. The lady came and asked my boyfriend "how's your sandwich?" He shrugged "It's all right." Whoa, apparently that's grossly offensive language or something. "It's all right?! It's the best around!'' No, maam. Not by a long shot. I'll pass. Thanks but no thanks. People say "well, we grew up here, it's what we eat. It's better when you're drunk." Ok, I'll keep that in mind. Next time I'm hammered and want to eat a mediocre sandwich with a side of crappy service, I'll be sure to stop on by.
5	Must do in Pittsburg. This is the original location. I had the pastrami and my hubby have #2 which is the burger. The burger looks generic frozen burger that you can get in a box. But the pastrami was delicious. It was too much to eat but it was worth the try!
5	I'm a bit obsessed.I came here with a Pittsburgh native who told me that Primanti's is a Pittsburgh thing, so I definitely had to go. Hearing that all of their sandwiches come with french fries and cole slaw, I was sold.The inside is dated, but fun with wood paneling on the walls. When you get in and sit at a table, there's a menu on the wall. The gist is that you pick the meat that goes on the sandwich and they all come with french fries, coleslaw and onions. There were some interesting choices on the board, so I thought I'd play it safe and get bacon.WHAT A GREAT IDEA! The slaw was great, not too much mayo. The french were crispy yet soft on the inside, and the bacon was crispy as well. My sandwich was in the $6 range and it filled me up!Will have to come back and try a different meat variety.CASH ONLY.
5	Yoi! Double Yoi!This is one legendary sandwich that reeks of classic old school Pittsburgh.There's a few Primanti Bros around da 'burgh but I've only been to the original...da one dats dahn da shtrip.Park in the small lot.  Chances are some dahn-n-out guy will ask you for spare change.Step inside: Paneled walls like it's some cheapskate's wreck room who refuses to remodel. Two dining rooms of tables, 1st one has a counter you can sit at and watch your sammich get assembled. Choose your meat: steak, corned beef, pastrami, etc... I've only ever gotten the pastrami.  Why change a good thing? Which actually is the philosophy behind the entire establishment.The sandwich: two slices of big soft i-talian bread, meat, cheese, slaw, fries, tomato, onions... that's right, cole slaw and french fries IN the sammich... the parts as individual food stuffs might not be incredibly amazing... but they way they put it all together, the Primanti way, adds up to a magical sum that is much greater than its individual parts. The softness of the bread wraps itself around the ingredients into one scrumptious mess. Try to open wide and bite into that! Delicious!Borrowing the words of the legendary late great Steelers sportscaster Myron Cope, "Yoi! Double Yoi!" That's one fine tasty sammich.
4	Oh Primantis how many a late night snack or a weekday lunch  stop have we had?  Countless... There really isn't much I haven't tried from their menu.  I can recall eating here several times for lunch and feeling like I needed a nap and a shower when I got back to the office.  Very, very messy.  And that being said there isn't much I don't like.  The quality and quantity of food you receive is well matched to the price.  I personally can't finish an entire sandwich in one sitting and usually that is a good thing because all though I love it, me and greasy food tend not to  get along...So Primanti just missed that 5 stars for the sometime sporadic service.  I have had really nice waitresses/waiters and not so nice ones.  I sat at the counter for lunch and I don't think the lady that took my order smiled once at me.  You know that look of complete yinzer annoyance?  Well she was dishing it up plenty along with the crispy coleslaw, otherwise would have easily been a 5 stars and a great staple of Pittsburgh.
2	Primantis. A place you go when your out-of-town guests request that you take them there. Then you spend the remaining  time explaining to them that actual great food does exist in the burgh. Still, if it's late and you are trying to soak up the excess of your evening with a bit of French fry grease, this is your place. ;)
2	Eating Primanti Brothers food is like taking tranquilizers while listening to elevator music in a beige room.  Boring, unhealthy, and coma inducing.  It is horrifying that Primanti Bros is some of the burghs best known food, and what most out of towners associate with our cities culinary stylings.  Don't get me wrong, we love our potatoes, fried, baked, hashed, mashed, or in pierogies, but Primanti Bros is the worst example of Pittsburgh staples.The people watching is entertaining (especially when the bars let out at 2AM) and the Pittsburgh focused murals painted on the wall are fun. Primanti Bros signature sandwich has fries and coleslaw on it.  I'm all for fries and coleslaw on a sandwich.  In fact, take any side dish you want and throw it on a sandwich, but the combination will only be as good as the ingredients you start out with.  Primanti Bros fries and coleslaw are soggy, bland, and lack any flavor, crispy crunch, or lightness.  Their sandwiches are heavy, boring, and put me to sleep, and are the lowest form of Pittsburgh fare.
2	Soooo disappointed!! After hearing about Primanti Bros from everyone that has ever stepped foot in Pittsburgh, I made a point of going to the original location and having the "Pittsburgh experience". I had visions of grandeur...My boyfriend ordered the pastrami and I ordered the Pittsburgh "cheese steak" which is totally misleading, but the waiter explained what it was, and I LOVE egg on my cheeseburger so I was all in. I don't like coleslaw, but I thought, "No, you have to have the whole experience, get it with coleslaw". In all fairness, the coleslaw was the most flavorful part of my sandwich. I pushed it off towards the end though because I couldn't taste anything else. The pastrami sandwich was slightly more flavorful, but not much.I've been there, done that. I don't need to go back. The owners are some lucky lucky people... Fill sandwiches with cheap fries and coleslaw instead of meat, don't worry with washing plates or the expense of paper plates and make lots of money. All the hype keeps them in business I guess. Thank goodness I saved our trip to Fat Heads until the end of the trip. They renewed my faith in Pittsburgh food!!!
3	After watching man v food and hearing about the hype I was pretty excited to get my hands on one of these sandwiches. However, when I got the sandwich I was pretty disappointed. The sandwich I got was pretty bland and simple. It was a good sandwich, I just expected more with the hype.
5	I love their sandwiches. .I am from los Angeles and we have nothing like it..the staff and food were perfect
4	Delicious evening snack so filling yet low priced!!...Excellent Service...
4	This place was the only reason I was looking forward to my business trip out to Pittsburgh.  I heard Ed Rendell make mention of Primanti Brothers when he first became Governor of PA.  Ever since then, I've seen it on Food Network, the Travel Channel, Destination America....I was craving one of these sandwiches just from the description.Finally, 10 or more years later, I have the need to travel to Pitt. for business.  I started doing my research on Primanti Brothers, their location, which one is the original, what type of meats are in their selection.  I was working up a panic thinking about whether or not I should try the pastrami.  I've never had pastrami, but am not a big fan of corned beef.  I started asking friends what they would do and alot of them said they love pastrami.  They also love corned beef.  What to do, what to do???As soon as I got off the plane, I headed to the original, in the Strip District.  The mean lady I saw on TV was there.  She made my sandwich!!  Under pressure to hurry and order (not by the staff there, I just had to get on a conference call in 15 minutes) I went for the pastrami.  When I got the sandwich, quickly, it was picture perfect! I smashed it down and dove in.  The combination of everything was really really good and I was glad I got the pastrami.  It turns out that there's no mayo in the coleslaw, but vinegar and maybe a little oil.  That counteracts the saltiness I was expecting from the pastrami.  The fries didn't seem to be salted either.  God, that was a good sandwich.  Definitely go here and def get the pastrami.  Giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because, well...it's no cheesesteak.
5	All the ingredients go together perfectly! I thought the sandwich would be falling apart, but it held together from first bite to last. I asked for an egg in my cheese steak. Probably the best sandwich I have ever eaten.
3	I know this place is legendary to a Pittsburgh native. I've had a couple "cheese steaks" both sober and buzzed.I don't get it. The bread is too thick, the French fries are over powering,the cold slaw has no business being in a sandwhich and the cheese steak is what I'd call a minute steak.I think it's mass appeal comes from the days when this was one of the only late night resturants. It gave them drunks a chance to sober up before headed home. Just saying I'm not from Pittsburg and we got options now. Even Primanti's has options now. I roll with the chicken strips for my late night dine. P
5	Guy who helped us provided excellent customer service. Even offered my 6 year old a sandwich with fries on side (which made him feel special). I ordered pastrami and cheese. He brought all of our sandwiches and asked if we needed condiments. My sandwich was AMAZING and my son loved his triple cheese. Fries were hot and crispy. I love how Pittsburgh the place feels and hope they don't ever change.
5	With about 500 reviews what can I say that is not already here? Nothing. The food is amazing. This is a must do for tourists and visitors while in Pittsburgh. Check it out!
1	What a Horrible, Disrespectful.... COLD Experience! APPARENTLY NOT 24HRS!!!!I recently had to take the Greyhound from Cleveland  to Philly due to my flight getting cancelled. I had a 2hr layover in Pittsburgh. I knew, from this city being my second home that Primanti Bros  was not far from here. I had been there many a-times, at late hours over the past 16yrs. I first called asking,  "walking" directions from the station..... I was really looking forward to getting some food and being prepared for my long 7hr journey lol.  This was Tuesday, March 4th at 4am..... It was 3 degrees (I was determined. I had also already called mind you) When I got there all the chairs were turned up. (never seen that before there) This place advertises 24hrs, dine in!  I was told by the husky red-head I couldn't sit after walking in sub zero temps, that eating in was closed! I even mentioned NICELY that I had called and  walked there! (I got rude hipster sneer "NO")He told me they had a 50 sandwich order and that's why they were "closed" (inside) AT 4AM? This restaurant is doing that much business that my cold ass can't sit inside for 25min (at the most!?!?) AFTER 16YRS, NEVER NEVER EVER WILL I GIVE THESE SADISTIC A**HOL*S ANY OF MINE,  MY CLIENTS or (with) FRIENDS MY MONEY!!!I felt I was fed some sort of excuse, and to deny any customer, even if they ordered Cole Slaw is a cowardly, lazy excuse for not wanting to wait on your customers!When I made it a mile back to the bus station, my sandwich went into the garbage, it was frozen.
5	I loved the pastrami here. There was a women who served me and she was so nice to me especially when I told her I was visiting from NY. The sandwich was so big that I didn't even need to order fries but I still packed everything down lol. I wish there was a location in NY or CT.
4	As soon as I laid my eyes on this sandwich on Man V. Food, I knew I had to take that 9 hour drive from Queens to Pittsburgh...best decision EVER. I arrived close to midnight, so I don't remember my exact order except that it contained cole slaw, fries, and i think pastrami..what's not to love about this combo?  The cole slaw gave a nice crunch and off set the greasiness of the fries.  I could see this as a great post-drinking meal.I ended up coming back the morning I was headed back to NY and tried the ham version of what I originally ordered.  Definitely didn't have the same kick as the pastrami.  Also ordered the chili cheese fries. I remember the fries being a bit on the pricier side and not quite as delicious as I had imagined.
1	Bad food on so many levels! Great marketing brings in the unsuspecting tourists for a variety of sandwichs made only with white bread, stuffed with boring french fries and coleslaw. My steak sandwich had hardly any meat. My friends kielbasa sandwich was cold, fattening and as heart stopping as all the other items.Service came with a smile.
2	Blasphemous to speak of Primanti Bros in a bad light in the City of Champyinz but . . . I don't like their sandwiches . .  . AT ALL. A heaping amount of nearly raw, soggy fries heaped onto a sandwich with bread barely large enough to contain its components. Nice idea, bad product.  Too bad it is the signature food item (except, perhaps,  Heinz ketchup) for my beloved Pittsburgh.  I want to love Primanti Bros sandwiches, I just don't.  At all : (
4	I love Primantis and this location has some characters working there. My only problem with this location is that their fries on the sandwiches almost always seem to be undercooked.
3	I got two sandwiches to go for a long bus ride home... The woman who took my order recommended I get the coleslaw on the side so the sandwiches wouldn't get soggy, which was nice. The coleslaw was actually my favorite part of the sandwiches, though: maybe they would've been better if I'd eaten them fresh, but they didn't have that much meat and in general were much smaller than I thought they would be.
4	Sometimes things are famous simply because they're famous, or tenacious and then people think they're good because they just stick around.  Well, not so with Primanti Brothers.  Their soups and chili are surprisingly good, and I do like the messy slaw/fry/sandwich on waxed paper deal.  They run a tight ship - no plates, no credit cards, but good food and an extensive selection.  They are even accommodating for little kids and will do a grilled cheese sans slaw.  I've never had bad service or a bad experience and will gladly go when the lines aren't too bad.  It's a good, solid pub food experience.  Expect that, and you won't be disappointed.
2	It doesn't matter what I write in this review. If you've never tried it before and you find yourself in Pittsburgh, you're going to try Primanti Brothers. I tried it despite reading all the reviews telling me how mediocre it is. I needed to try it for myself. And I'm glad I did. Now I know I need to never come back here again. This place is just one big NO. I have no idea how it has become so popular. I really do not get it. I got the pastrami and cheese. This was the sandwich: a slice of regular white bread, three slices of tomatoes, two tablespoons of bland cole slaw, 2 pounds of french fries, one tiny little slice of cheese, about 3-4 slices of pastrami, and another slice of regular white bread. As you can tell from my description, there was not enough meat, non-existent cheese, and way too many fries. The only thing on my sandwich with any flavor was the pastrami (that was actually pretty good and what earned this place a 2-star rating instead of a 1-star). But there just wasn't enough pastrami and the signature fries and cole slaw were not very good. My sister ordered the cheesesteak, which is really just a cheeseburger. We also ordered the Smallman St. Fries, which are fries with cheese, bacon, chili, and sour cream. They sound delicious right? They looked delicious too. I was super excited to eat them. Sadly, like my sandwich, they did not live up to the hype. I think it was the chili, but I did not enjoy them. This place was crazy crowded and it's clearly a Pittsburgh staple so maybe it's just me. It's sad really because the sandwiched have so much potential to be amazing!
5	Great food, big sandwiches, at great prices!!  If I ever come to Pittsburgh again, this is definitely where I'll stop.
2	Primanti Brothers is definitely worth the experience. French fries on a burger on jumbo soft white bread is a must if you visit Pittsburgh. It's one of a few classic Pittsburgh things ('Pittsburgh left'), even if it is perhaps the one that only a mother could love.
5	This place is really cool.The Pittsburgh trademark meal is a relish.It gets sometimes too crowded.Overall i would say an amazing place!!!
3	I'm always excited to try a place thats been on any of the Food or Travel channels, but perhaps I'm just not "American" enough to truly appreciate a big "sloppy joe" style sandwich, piled high with cole slaw, a hunk of "steak" and fries tucked into it... but please dont get me wrong, each element on its own was delish (except the mystery meat square) and the servers were attentive, quick and cool. Because I respect old school, neighborhood favorites just as much as the next gal, I do recommend this place, I just expect fresh, thinly sliced meat when I order a "philly cheese style" pittsburger... but maybe I should've just verified what I'd be getting into before I jumped on the band wagon and ordered one.  Oh well, live and learn! P.S Ca$h Only!!!
2	I'm glad that I came here to finish off my trip to Pittsburgh but Primanti Bros didn't really live up to the hype. I went with the #2 favorite Pittsburger (still couldn't find the #1 favorite anywhere on the menu) and it was solid. To be honest I was expecting more but it was not a bad sandwich. The coleslaw they use tasted like there was too much vinegar which kind of threw me off; I guess I'm used to southern slaw after going to school in Richmond for 4 years. Also, although the fries were good and looked great when they are put in front of you they definitely tasted undercooked and were kind of soggy. The bread was also just regular thick white bread and nothing special, while the burger patty was definitely no Kobe beef. I think the hype of the place makes everything taste better than it really is. If it wasn't so famous they probably would be just another hole in the wall.  Oh yea, Cash Only!
5	Some people hate primanti's because they are slow, rude, and the place is usually one level above skanky motel room in cleanliness. These things, I don't really mind when it's 2am and I need greasy, not good for you food. Also, they give free water. What else could you ask for??
4	Pastrami, fries AND coleslaw in a sandwich?! What more do you want? It was like a party in my mouth with all the great flavors without being too greasy or over seasoned.  Goes perfect with some hot sauce by the way.
4	The 'burg classic just the way it should be.  Don't even consider asking for the fries on the side or you will receive the wrath that you deserve.  Hand sliced bread on top notch meats with crisp fried and creamy slaw  An American classic.
3	Had the Pittburgher.    Cheesesteak on thick-cut soft white bread with all the fixins (fries, coleslaw, lettuce, tomato on the sandwich).    Not bad, but I don't see what all the fuss is about.    Service was friendly and the food came out lightning-fast (less than 2 minutes). Cash only.
2	I don't get the hype. The cheesesteak was a weird patty instead  of thin steak and thick bread instead of a roll. The bread to everything else ratio was way off. I ended up taking off half the bread. The server was rude when I asked for my sandwich without lettuce and tomato. He never returned to our table after delivering our food, so I sat with no tea for half my meal. Be warned if you have a baby. The restrooms are down a narrow flight of stairs, small, and have no changing station.
4	A Pittsburgh tradition! How could fries, coleslaw, and mounds of your choice in meat go wrong? The answer is: it can't.  Bravo Pittsburgh, keep it up.
1	too oily :/
4	Food Network tourist trap is what I thought before I came here.  It may be that but it's also damn good!  We were in town for a Pirates game(we go to a few different stadiums each year) and wanted to try this place out.  Of course we had to go to the original. Being a good diner, I had scoped out the menu 1st online and kept seeing "our #2 seller" but never seeing number one.  So like any dumbass tourist, we asked what the number one seller was and she said "the beer".  I may as well have been wearing a fanny pack and a hawaaiin shirt at that point.  I ordered the pastrami sandwich and Yuengling.  The beer was cold and pastrami was hot!  In case you don't know about Pirmanti's, the sandwich is an entrie meal.  It comes with what ever sammich you pick and then cole slaw and fries are on the sammich itself.  It's huge.  Sounds like a novelty but it works.  The crazy thing about it is it's only like 6.88 for this ginormous meal.  There are about 50 different combinations of this sandwich and if I lived close, i'd try them all.
3	Not that good.
5	OMG, whatever. I know this is a cliche for Pittsburghers or whatever, but it's soooo good. I'm not originally from Pittsburgh and this is the first place I was taken and it's the first place I take all my out of town friends when they visit. The one closest to downtown let us stay past close one night and were extremely friendly to our rowdiness. Love this place and I'll always go here!
1	Very mediocre at best...a major disappointment since we were looking forward to one of their "legendary" sandwiches. One of us got the "Pittsburgher"  (which reminded both of us of a salibury steak type of meat, not really a cheesesteak) and I got it with pastrami. The Pittsburger was poor and the other was barely passable.They may be living on their reputation...  the current reality is a serious disappointment.
5	No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a visit to Primanti Brothers.  We usually visit the South Hills location which is close to our friend's house but on this beautiful spring Saturday, we thought it would be fun to go downtown and hit the Strip District.  This is the original location so it's a bit more touristy than the others.  The menu is more limited, no pizza or anything like that, and they only accept CASH so be prepared for that.  For me, there seems to be a general urgency to turn the tables as fast as possible, something I don't see in the other locations.  If you're looking to hang out for a while this probably isn't your stop.  It's kind of ironic that this original location with it's history of developing the all-in-1 sandwich for the local workers now serves more tourists and weekend visitors to the Strip District than anything else.So, all that said, why 5 stars.  Well, for several reasons.  1. It's Primanti's so the sandwiches are simply amazing, I can't come to Pittsburgh without one, they're that good. The meat, the bread, the slaw, it's all good.  2. The history of the location trumps the transition.  You can meet Toni, the worker that's been there forever and is featured on Man vs. Food.  And it's in such a cool spot, in the Strip District. 3. It's part of the Pittsburgh experience, at least it is for us.Prices run about $10 per person for a sandwich and a drink, not a bad deal for the massive sandwich.  And don't even think about splitting one, trust me, you can eat the whole thing!
3	A friend and I decided to drive a bit out of the way last week on our road trip to Virginia to try this Man v Food feature. He ordered the "cheese steak" which surprisingly was more like a steak/burger patty while I ordered the corned beef. The quality of the meat in my sandwich was fine, but the "unique" attributes and what should be the stars of the sandwich - the fries and slaw - were severely underwhelming. The fries were undercooked, mushy and desperately needed seasoning yet salt and pepper shakers were nowhere to be found. The slaw was bland, so bland we both agreed that if it wasn't on the sandwich we wouldn't have even noticed. My friend complained that his cheese steak was dry (the small piece of cheese was hard to detect) and he had to keep using hot sauce just to get it down. Not exactly a good sign. It may have been better had he paid 50 cents for extra cheese. Oh yeah - the sandwich maker behind the counter was friendly, but made up both sandwiches without gloves and I never saw him wash his hands. I'm not normally a germophobe but I thought that was odd.All in all we both agreed that the sandwiches were "decent" but it definitely is not worth driving out of the way for. I guess this is another one of those local legends that out of towners just don't get.
4	Great place! Wait time was about 20 minutes not too bad. Waitress is unhappy but food and atmosphere makes up for it. Definitely bring your out of town guests here to experience Primanti
4	This is the original location. And the best. It's not a tourist trap, and it existed for years before Food Network. It's been around forever. It has defined a style of sandwich. The meat is plentiful, as are the fries and coleslaw...which go on the sandwich. And don't worry, it's not a mayonnaise based coleslaw. It's awesome. And it's great drunk food. The original location is the only one I'll go to. And they're open 24 hours, even in the middle of a blizzard that has shut down the entire rest of the city. How do I know? Because I was right there at the counter with other real Pittsburghers as the city wept during Snowmageddon.
4	This is the original location so it's definitely a tourist destination.  The menu doesn't have as many options as their chains.  Personally I like that it doesn't have that "chain restaurant feel".  If you are going to try Primanti's just once in your life.  This is the location I would recommend.  The food is delicious and tastes even better after a few beers.Primanti's is an experience not just a restaurant.
4	Friend and I dropped by for late lunch around 3pm. Place was full but we were seated surprisingly fast. Once you're seated you're not given any menu since the menu is painted on the walls. Their menu is simple since it's pretty much just various kinds of sandwich fillings (fish, meat, etc.). The concept is pretty interesting as well, since they stuff the coleslaw, cheese, tomato, fries, and your choice of meat in between their bread. The portion is just nice, leaving you not too full and not too underfed. Would definitely stop by if I were in Pittsburgh again. Remember to bring cash.
5	Great late night food.  Sandwiches and fries are on point      I would like to think that this is the best spot in Pittsburg unhealthy eating!
3	Quite tasty sandwiches, although I don't really understand the appeal of fries inside the sammies. I always take them out and eat them separately. Call me traditional. Greasy, as could be expected, but delicious after drinking or if you're craving a hefty meal for any other reason besides a futile attempt to divert alcohol from destroying your liver. And speaking of alcohol, they have the cheapest beer in town! Not quite sure how they sell Yuengling for $2. Might be stolen goods. I'm ok with that. Certainly not gourmet, interesting food that I couldn't make myself, so I just can't bring myself to give them above a 3, but for what it is, it's pretty good.
3	Nice atmosphere and good food.  Very Pittsburgh-esque
2	Didn't love it. Noisy, greasy, ridiculously unhealthy and you need to pay cash.
1	Everyone was raving about this place and out of our group of 5 only one person enjoyed the food. The waiter, possibly manager, was rude. The restaurant was a dump and we had not even ordered our food. I can forgive the ambience and rudeness if the food was good, but as you can tell by my rating it was awful. I ordered a cheese steak (#2 seller) and the meat was a brick patty that tasted like processed or canned meat. I am not a fan of coleslaw at all so I asked for that on the side. The rude waiter brought my everything out on the side. Picture this a slab of meat on some soft bread with cheese. Attention to detail in my order goes a long way. I attribute that to him being rude so I'll let that slide. I will say, considering I am not a fan of coleslaw that was the best part of the meal. In other words that was the only thing I ate. Considering I can pretty much eat anything, this place was just terrible. Oh ya, this place only takes cash. Stop being cheap and if you are a chain restaurant then have the option for credit!! Otherwise you go to their ATM in the restaurant and pay the 3.50 service fee. Would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	The food, service, scenery, and atmosphere was terrific!!! I loved the Pitts-Burger Cheese Steak! It was so great with the fries and cole slaw inside of it. Also, it was my first time here, so they let me sample the chili before I tried. That was a great idea! I'm definitely coming back here :) I love how they don't use plates and just put the sandwiches on wax paper and serve it to you. It's a neat idea!
2	You know I've seen this place showcased on Food Network about 5 times in the span of 5 years or so and it looked delicious.    So during Prego 2012 (the wife) we went on our last trip prior to Ava being born to Cleveland, Ohio (I already know...relax).So we spontaneously map the drive to Pittsburgh cause we're just wingin' this shit.  Drove 2 1/2 hours and wow were we disappointed!  I know, we sort of set ourselves up for disappointment by driving over a hour with lofty expectations but oh well...we do what we do.  How can you go wrong with pastrami, coleslaw, fries on Italian bread?!  The entire thing needed more flavor...some au jus maybe, some salt maybe?  On TV it looked like salt punch from the pastrami or corned beef, the starch and salt from the natural cut fries and Italian bread is the pinnacle of bread (for me) would be a perfect marriage but come to find out it's just a standard marriage with room for improvement (not ours dear).  I wanted to LOVE this place so much...hopefully it gets better.All in all a great place to stop by for the nostalgia and what not but don't get your hopes and expectations in the way.
4	If you're from Pittsburgh, you better be a fan. Otherwise, prepare to be perpetually ostracized. Get the corned beef. Or the pastrami. Hell, everything is good.
2	only good after 4 to 7 beers
2	This is one of Pittsburgh's food destinations. And it's really poor.
5	My favorite guilty pleasure. Love the egg bomb. Service always amazing and love the atmosphere
3	For my 50th review, I figured I'd tackle Primanti's, since it's a PGH classic.  I came here a couple of years ago for lunch around noon, after visiting the Heinz History Center.  Although there was a line, my dining partner and I were able to get seated fairly quickly at the counter.  I ordered the chicken sandwich, and it took awhile to come out, but when it did, it was quite filling, and not half bad.  The bread was soft and thick, the fries and coleslaw were fresh, and the meat was well-grilled.  Sure, the food here is on the blander side taste-wise, but this is to be expected, given that many yinzers don't like their food overly spicy or bursting with strong flavors.  If you come here, don't expect haute cuisine--just some filling and unique sandwiches.During our visit, an old lady was selling pastries behind the counter, so I bought a lemon one, and it was delicious!  (This isn't part of Primanti's regular offerings, though--she may have been a friend of the owners.)  Service was gruff and perfunctory, and we waited awhile for our sandwiches.  The atmosphere, as others have noticed, is quite divey, but that's part of the appeal of this place.  People-watching opportunities abound.This is a good place to take out-of-towners for a filling and unique lunch.  Take your guests to dinner at a place such as Cure or Legume, or perhaps an ethnic restaurant, to give them an idea of the range of PGH cuisine.  3.5 stars.
3	Back when i lived here in PA, i was able to try these guys out as i heard a lot about them. I had a pastrami Sandwich and fries. Everything was pretty good but wish i would of tried more as the sandwich i had was just a little better then average. Would like to give them more credit if i could
1	I visited for the first time with my husband and we had high hopes.  And by the way my husband will eat anything.  Neither of us liked at all what we received which was thePittsburgher cheese steak.  The meat portion was smallish and tasted like a nasty hamburger that was cooked on top of the stove and also flavorless.  The cole slaw was straight out of the can.  Nonexistent cheese.  Limp tasteless fries.  It was so bad that I had to have another meal elsewhere to eleviate that denied feeling.  And I am not a big person but could def. handle more food after this horrible meal.  What is all the hype?  Whoever gives this place 4-5 stars must have eaten there late at night while drunk and were still drunk writing the review.  I write this review and yes, I am born and bred Pittsburgher.  There are sooo many other good places to eat here both expensive and inexpensive.
4	Hadn't been here in a while, but not much has changed. Styrofoam cups, wax paper for sandwiches, the menu is on the wall. This place has become a Pittsburgh landmark and is still worth visiting when in the Strip District!
3	the harmarville primantis is not so great - service is always slow and the younger servers are really not into what is going on there...they are jsut going thru the motions to get their shift over with!   downtown is the best and cranberrys location is swell.
3	We played tourists today and stopped in at Primanti Bros. Hubby and I saw the episode of Man Vs. Food, just like everyone else in the joint. I was hesitant about getting a sandwich, but decided on the corned beef and cheese (with tomato, coleslaw and a handful of fries). The meat was lean and delicious! Overall the sandwich was pretty good. The hubs got the Pittsburger with an egg. Meat was moist and flavorful and cooked to a medium doneness.I would've rated it higher, but we had to ask twice for a highchair. Also, the seating was a bit confusing. When we entered, there was a group of customers scurrying for the door and the tables. I think that you're supposed to seat yourself, we did.
4	Known for fries and cole slaw on huge sandwiches.  Not a big fan of the slaw, so I usually take some of it off the sandwich.  They are extremely filling so I usually take half of mine home.  The chili is good and the Smallman Street Fries are great.  Family pizza night on Tues. & Thurs. - better than average pizza.  Although known as a sports' bar, Ptrimanti's is definitely "family friendly,"
4	Whenever I'm in Pittsburgh, which is about once a year, I have to stop in and get a Primanti sandwich.  I have had about five different varieties and they are all good.  I was apprehensive at first about getting the cole slaw on the sandwich, because I'm not a big fan of cabbage or cole slaw, but it is a sweet and sour slaw that is different than any I've ever had and goes well with the sandwich.  The bread is what really makes the sandwich.  I know they get it from a local place, and it is so good.  The fries are always perfect.  Get an Iron City or a Yuengling to wash it down with and you have the perfect meal.  This location is always busy and a bit touristy, but it has more Pittsburgh ambiance than the other locations in town.  Nonetheless, you'll get a great sandwich, for a good price that is uniquely Pittsburgh.
5	Love this place! Had a little mishap and were seated out of order, but they made it up to us with any drinks of our choice....forgiven! Otherwise, all items we tried we amazing! And, portions-not even a question. Highly recommend this place. However, be prepared to wait in line this place is that good but worth the wait.
1	Terrible food and the service was worse. Don't be fooled by their fame and television appearances. The sandwiches are slop and a disgrace to serve. I went here after hearing of the"legendary" sandwiches and will never go back. I was even served a skunked Yuengling and was told it was fine when I mentioned it didn't taste right to the server. The server then threw a sandwich on wax paper across the table with bread that fell apart as soon as you touched it. Next time I won't bother and definitely don't recommend.
5	A classic Pittsburgh staple.
2	The only reason you should go there is to take a picture, not to eat. The food was just not that good. I guess their history makes it fun, but not worth eating at.
4	OK, so my bf and I go intending to split a cheese steak sandwich once we see the size of it  but had no idea there would be french fries in it (sucks to be allergic to potatoes!) so had to order one for each of us. The bread is exactly how I like to eat white bread (since it's such a rarity for me) fresh, soft with chewy crust mmmm. And who knew that a sammie would taste so delish with coleslaw it in? Well worth trying for $6.95 but easily shared if you're not starving but just want to try something new.
2	Okay, traveled from NC and was told that Primanti Brothers was a must do. Six of us went and all of us decided to split  3 sandwiches. The quantity was excellent but the sandwich was more of a gimmick than a unique eating experience. Service was rushed with no personal connection. We all agreed that the sandwich would have been better with slaw and fries served separate. We can at least say that we have been there, done that, don't need to go back.
3	Good.  Not great.  Service is quick as expected.  Too much coleslaw for my liking. Sandwich is good but pastrami was chewy.  Fries were a little undercooked. Asked for double meat but same amount as friend.  Don't go out of your way
5	If you're from Pittsburgh, you already know.If you aren't, I shouldn't torture you.If you're there and you don't know, then you aren't from Pittsburgh.  You need to go.  You need to go right now.  Don't even finish reading this review.  Go right now.You should be reading this sentence with hands full of Primanti sandwich.  If you aren't, I implore you to take a long, serious look at your life, and where it's leading you.
5	This is Pittsburgh in a sandwich. The best.
3	I don't get the hype. I guess it's a cool novelty to get some fries piled on a sandwich, but this place just doesn't do anything special for me.Still, if that's what really gets you going, try it out! There's certainly nothing objectively wrong with the place.
5	Thinking of reasons to go to Pittsburgh just so I can have a pastrami sandwich from here. When I was in Pittsburgh I hit this place up twice. This place deserves nothing but 5 star reviews.
4	Came in on the way to Cleveland last week for a bite.  The area was DEAD (it was Sunday night) and anyone who was out was here.  Service was a bit confusing to me, but the cook/server/hostess took our order about ten minutes in.  My pastrami was great, the BF's cheesesteak was just meh. Fries and coleslaw on the sammie was a nice little catch, and the interior was divy and dingy just like you'd want and expect.  It was super cheap for the amount of food we got though (yeah $15 dinner for two!).  I would want to try chili fries if we happen to go in again.
5	Talking bad about Primantis to a Pittsburgher is like hitting on our little brother or sister, we aren't going to take it kindly.  This location is a artery of Pittsburgh's food scene.  When we come home from vacation, we go to Primanti's.  When friends come home from war, We go to Primanti's.  When someone visits us and asks to take them somewhere to eat, We go to Primanti's.You gotta be one unhappy individual to not want any sandwich of your choosing on fresh cut Mancini's Italian Bread topped with fresh cut french fries and cole slaw (tomatoes are your choice).  They have arguably one of the best fish sandwich's you can get any day and time of the week.  They are 24/7 and if you eat the same sandwich 10 times the consistency is that it will be the same, ALL-10-TIMES.I like the fish but I also like their Pastrami and Corned Beef.  My friend raves about the capicola as well as the loaded cheese fries.Dine with your family on one side or stumble in pissy drunk for that late night fix on the other side just whatever you do, cash only.Tell them HITTofMCM's sent ya!
2	Being from out of town, we had to check this place out. I ignored the mediocre reviews and paid the price. The food was average at best. The two guys working couldn't care less if we there or not. Cash only! I noticed throughout Pittsburgh many "cash only" establishments. I understand avoiding taxes, but these places are also avoiding a lot if potential business. There are many better restaurants, believe the other reviewers that this dive is not special.
4	Best drunk/hangover food around. I get the double egg and cheese and add lots of hot sauce. Don't even think about trying to get anything on the side. It's all-or-nothing.
5	If you're going to try Primanti's, then this is the location. Original and iconic, the restaurant perfectly resembles Pittsburgh. Thus, it is very hard to say no to a Primanti's sandwich. I visited here roughly two years while visiting family, and it is authentic PGH. I ordered the original pastrami and every bite was delicious. Next time I'm in Pittsburgh, I will definitely eat here. I recommend getting here early, as the first time I went was during rush hour(needless to say there was a long line.) Everyone from tourists to Pittsburghers love this place, and that says something. You have to go here!
3	I don't think that this place is my cup of tea, but based on the line out the door and down the sidewalk; there are certainly a lot of people with the opposite opinion.Primanti Brothers is obviously an institution in Pittsburg, and I had heard of it many times before I ever got the chance to visit. This location in the Strip District puts it right in the middle of an area with tons of shops and places to visit either before or after your meal, and has a lot of options for paid parking. I thought we had done well in avoiding the lunch crowd by arriving around 1:30 on a Friday, but like I said, the line out the door proved that wrong. The line went pretty quickly, as it is a fast meal for a sit down place. Before you go stand in that line, know that this is a cash only place so be prepared ahead of time.The menu is pretty simple. Basically just pick your meat from a very long list of options, and they will put that on white bread and pile it with some cheese, french fries, coleslaw, and tomatoes. Onions are an optional extra, and you can get an extra order of fries on the side if the ones on your sandwich aren't enough. The loaded fries actually look pretty delicious, and since this is a 24 hour place I can imagine that those become pretty popular later in the evening. We got our drink and food orders in quickly with the waitress shortly after we got seated. The staff was more of a no-bullshit, get you in and out with everything you need quickly, type of staff. They reminded me of what you'd find in a New Jersey diner, in that they aren't going for over the top friendly service, but you'll get everything you order and you'll get it quickly. The sandwiches all came out on pieces of wax paper shortly after we put our order in. There are no plates, and they just set them down in front of you on the table, but the overly sized paper squares that they are served on is helpful to keep the fillings that fall out of the sandwich contained and not all over the place. The sandwiches are massive, and will easily leave you full. At under $7 a piece, it's a lot of food for the price. Unfortunately, the sandwich to me just tasted like I was eating a french fry and coleslaw sandwich. It's too big to get a bite of everything, and the smaller portion of meat is easily masked by the giant stack of fries and big scoop of coleslaw even if you could get a representative sample of everything. The white bread is nice and thick and does a good job of keeping the sandwich contents contained. I got pastrami, which is usually a pretty flavorful meat, but it was definitely playing well behind the fries and coleslaw when it came to flavors, due entirely to portion sizes. They have the options to pay extra to get double meat, and I think that I will definitely do that if I find myself here again. I ended up putting hot sauce or ketchup on the last bites of my sandwich to mix up the flavors since it was just too much of the same thing.All in all, they provide what they try to provide. It's a good sized sandwich at a reasonable price. The place definitely has a nostalgic feeling to it, and doesn't appear to have changed much in a while. It's a great fit for the strip district. They have a unique offering that helps set themselves apart from the rest of the crowd, but I personally think that that is their biggest downfall. The sandwich itself just isn't that good based on the amount of each thing they put on it. Additionally, if you're looking for something to wash down the food with, they have a full bar inside the restaurant.
1	We were passing Pittsburgh on our way to Canada and asked a friend from Pittsburgh where we should stop for lunch.  She told us the history of Primanti Brothers and we thought it sounded great.  If this is traditional Pittsburgh food that has been around for close to 100 years than the food scene in Pittsburgh is sad.  The cheeseburger sandwich was a dried out, overcooked brown disc that looked like a frozen Salisbury steak patty without the gravy.  The bread was soft and immediately got soggy from the cole slaw.  The coleslaw was watery and bland; the fries were cold, undercooked, limp, soggy, and had no seasoning or flavor.  My teenage sons will eat absolutely anything and even they thought it was disgusting!  We were starving and short on time so we ate and left after clearing up the confusion over the bill.  They hand you a handwritten ticket with no prices or total on it and she tried to charge us $55 initially.  When my husband questioned the amount she fixed it to the correct $42.  Honest mistake or padding her tip in this 'cash only' establishment?  The area around The Strip where Primanti Bros. is located was dirty and depressing as well.  I can't imagine why anyone would go to Pittsburgh, or why anyone could find that nasty, bland food appealing.  The worst food experience of our lives.  But hey, we have a funny story out if it.
4	Maybe the second visit is what I needed. After the first, I was thinking "yeah, that was cool. Now I can check it off my list." I guess over the past few years I have grown a new appreciated for a $6 sandwich stuffed with all of the "necessaries" - ya know, fries, coleslaw, corned beef and fresh bread. Or it could be my new appreciation for eating on paper with food dripping down my chin. It's hard to say really.Don't let the line at the front door scare you away. It moves quickly. Inside you'll find that old time, roll your sleeves up vibe that fits Pittsburgh beautifully. Bathrooms are in the basement. Wrap around bars and booths available. Truly a staple if you find yourself in the Steel City!
5	Everything I wanted and more!Cornedbeef and cheese with egg FTW!
5	Original Strip District location is my go-to choice. The others are OK. Strip is always the spot on no matter what time of day.
4	Best it go just before 2am or just after 3am. Avoid the drunks. But still a great place to grab a sandwich after a drunken night in the town.
1	Stopped in on reputation alone. Visiting Pittsburgh on a whim, briefly with some semi-locals. Pretty disappointed. Got the house famous Pitts-burger and the fries we're soggy, cheese non existent and the burger patty was grey and flavorless. The vinegar soaked slaw and hot sauce made it palatable. That was pretty much the consensus of all of us at the table. Too bad, really. I'm sure this place used to be the bomb but today was not the case. The Dogfish IPA was the best thing consumed.
3	Really the only time I have eaten Primanti's is after a heavy night of drinking so I will say it's good 'drunk" food (hence the 3 star rating) but the quality of the actual sandwich, to me, is subpar. Usually the fries are soggy, as is the bread. The coleslaw is usually overly dry and lacking that slight vinegar flavor it should have. There are always very loud,very intoxicated fellow patrons (not knocking that cause I was 21 once-been there done that) and service is (usually) gruff. I'm not a fan of the limited beer selection either. I will say I'm not a native Pittsburgher so maybe this is more acquired but there are much better places to take out of town visitors to eat that unless they begged, Primanti's would never even appear on my radar. Also,FYI it's cash only. They do have an ATM if you need it.
3	I am a sucker for famous food. If someone says you have to try a famous restaurant when I go to a new city, I must try that restaurant. I am all about new experiences, especially when it comes to food.So, when I made my first trip to Pittsburgh, I knew I must try Primanti Brothers. It was so packed during my one-night, two-day stay that I wasn't able to snag a sandwich. However, I was back just a few months later and made it! We tried going on a Thursday night, and it was packed, so we opted to come back on Friday around 1 p.m., hopefully beating the lunch rush. Would definitely recommend trying this location at an off-time. Loved the decor and atmosphere. I love the area as well. I opted for the sweet sausage sandwich and it was tasty. Who doesn't love a sandwich with french fries on it? My only complaint about the meal is that the bread was a little soggy. Not sure if it was because of the sausage or if that's just what happens with their bread -- but that was a bit of a turn-off for me. I would definitely recommend it (at least once!) for anyone visiting Pittsburgh. I'll be back at least once more to give it another go!
2	Way back in the 70's they made a great, unique sandwich.  Now they just crank out bland fare.  They put so little meat on them, you can barely taste it.  They offer 'double meat', but it is the amount you should get a regular sandwich.   I don't mean you should get as much meat as some of the ridiculous delis in NYC, but enough to realize there is meat in the sandwich with all the other stuff they pile on.  Definitely, do NOT go to the ones in Mt Lebo or Oakland.
1	Over-hyped tourist trap slop...
4	Primantis has always been a pittsburgh favorite. This primantis is the original! Fast service, open 24/7 awesome food. Can't ask for much more. The cole slaw is awesome the fries are kinda bland, bread is soft and yummy! Very good place for a sandwich drink and fries!!!
4	REALLY great place with tons of history. A must-eat while in Pittsburgh!
1	OK so coming from New Orleans I'm very critical of my food. So I was taken to lunch by upper management to a food place specific to Pittsburgh. This food place was this restaurant. The waitstaff was nice. I ordered the hot sausage sandwich since I miss New Orleans thinking I was going to get a mini slice of goodness like Pattons, but I was wrong. The bread was cold and it was waaaaaay too much cold slaw and French fries. The hot sausage was not even mild it had a pickled taste.  I think if it was separate it would be been better however that's not how it was meant to be.
5	Best Sandwiches!!!
3	Three stars for the food, and four for the experience....that's the best way I can start. Have the corned beef, NOT the steak. Both were quite passable, but the corned beef was much more of a standout, and I was left wondering what animal the steak had actually come from! We went before a Pirates game, so the dictum to come early was in our case very true. I'm guessing that would apply for most any major event in downtown Pittsburgh. Just off Penn Ave. in a former warehouse/commercial area of town, be sure to visit the candy shop (you'll wish you were 6 again!) or the fruit/veggie market across the street afterwards. Close to everywhere in Town, but seems like a whole different vibe from any of the other places around. Def go to the original, NOT the one in Market Square.
5	I'm giving it five stars because it is a classic. They haven't let the fame change them. Having said that - don't go there looking for anything but what it is - big food and lots of it - you can get the half sandwich without fries but if your there you need to be all in. I took that attitude and actually ate it all - unusual - you need to do it!!!
1	Simply awful.. Long line and wait and terrible food. If I wanted a French fry and coleslaw burger I would of ordered one. Will never go back and I will discourage anyone from making the same mistake as me. 70 years you'd think they would know how to make a sandwich. All me and my party of 10 could do was laugh at the people taking pictures there. Easily worst meal I've had in years and all 10 of us agreed. Avoid at all cost unless you think want the worst and most unhealthy meal you'll have in years.
3	This place is pretty great.  A Pittsburgh staple.  However, I would definitely recommend the Market Square location.  More beers on tap, nice outdoor seating, better atmosphere overall.
4	I've loved this place since the first time I came years ago. Now that I'm a resident of Pittsburgh it is losing its "cool" factor a bit BUT the sanwiches are still awesome. Service can get busy around mealtimes (....of course) but definitely gotta go to this place once, if not more than that.
4	Overstuffed mouthwatering sandwhich! But wait there's more!? Don't forget the fries and the coleslaw. Simply delectable.
1	Bleh.  This place isn't even good when you are drunk.
3	I recently had a pastrami sandwich (ordered at the Mt Lebanon location) and it was okay. Not enough meat. I couldn't taste the pastrami. Overrated.I've had better pastrami sandwiches Fatheads, Szmidt's Old World Deli, Smallman Street Deli. Sorry.
4	Not bad. I honestly don't know what else needs to be said about this place. Customer service has been great so far. Would come again occasionally.
2	Meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh. So much hype. So disappointing. I mean, it wasn't bad - but there are so many other sandwich places in Pittsburgh that I feel would have been way more amazing than here. I mean, I guess we can check it off our list, at least. I got the fish sandwich and man-friend got the #2, which ended up being way more like an actual hamburger, and way less like a cheese-steak sandwich. The coleslaw wasn't as delicious as I had hoped it would be, and the fries got all soggy sitting in the soupy-ness of the coleslaw. And the bread was just, white bread. NBD. Everyone who live(s)(d) here told us no. They tried to warn us. We didn't listen, but wished we would have. Now, we are trying to warn you, and you probably won't listen either. But maybe you will disagree and give it 5 stars! Who knows, that's the beauty of yelp and food reviews!
3	I tried this place twice. Sandwiches are good, but I think they are over-rated. Good price for the value. I like the idea of fast service, no plates, no frills, but we had a bad experience with a server that used her hands to put back a slice of bread on top - gross.Good cole slaw.Not so good cheesy fries.
3	Despite all the locals claiming this place is over rated, I felt that this was a place we still needed to check out for ourselves.  The staff was super nice & I even got a chance to say hi to the nice lady who is on all the food shows when they visit Pittsburgh.  Primanti Brothers is a cool place to park the car, grab a bite and take a walk to all the different stands on the surrounding streets. As far as the food goes I wasn't disappointed but I wasn't impressed either.  The sandwiches were just, OK.  The bread was freshly baked, the cold cuts were good but I guess what didn't do it for me was the cold soggy bland under cooked fries they crammed in the sandwich.  Now if your gonna have a sandwich as simple as that without so much as some mayo or some kind of dressing everything needs to be money.  Any time I'm in an area where I can grab a cold Yuengling beer & some homemade chilli cheese fries (ironically enough our fries for the appetizer were cooked to perfection) I'm a happy camper.  I'm glad that I got a chance to cross Primanti Brothers off the list and would suggest a visit if you have never been and your in the area.
3	Primanti's is classic Pittsburgh:  A lot of heavy food really cheap.  If you need to take an out-of-towner out to eat, this is the place to go.  You should also go to this particular one, as it's the original.  It's super informal.Here is the breakdown:  Your choice of lunch meat/meat and coleslaw and french fries on fresh bread.  You can add cheese and a lot of other things as well.  If you aren't a huge eater, split it with a friend.  These sandwiches feel like lead in my stomach, and I am happy with just a 1/2.They do serve beer in many sizes so you can have a beer or two with your sandwich.  There are also wings and pizza, but I've never tried them or seen anyone order them.  The sandwiches are the big draw.Low point:  There are always a bunch of rude, drunk Yinzers here.  They're loud, and they'll harass you.  I don't like going out to eat and being bothered by others, but some people seem to not mind.  This isn't "people being friendly."  It's people being annoying so just be prepared.Cash only!
1	Horrible sandwiches.
1	Terrible sandwich. I don't care if it's a Pgh staple-- it's gross.
5	Best sandwich I have ever had! The seats on the corner of the bar were awesome!!! Guest review by BBB, and I agree!
4	So good. Really nice people, hard working staff (like off the hook hard-working). Crazy cheap food and really tasty too. Every time I'm in Pittsburgh I try to make it here at least once. I've been to the downtown location after a Pirates game it and was a blast and also the original location by The Strip is a great lunchtime and dinner time thing during the weekends. Lines can be long at both but nothing but love for this very real establishment.
2	This is an unpopular opinion, but oh well: I've lived in Pittsburgh my whole life and don't understand the hype behind Primanti Brothers. Their pizza is delicious, I will give them that, but the classic "Pittsburgh personified" sandwich with cole slaw and fries on it, while creative, is nothing to write home about. You could get something more flavorful by walking into the prepared foods section of any gas station along the way. I'm serious. Any time I've had the misfortune of being taken to Primanti's, especially at this location (which is dirty and trashy), I choose not to eat. I'd actually prefer not to eat at all than to waste my money on a sandwich with bread that has the consistency of the dried-out kitchen sponge you've had on your counter for too long and fries that taste kind of like kindling. No flavor, no texture, nothing of value. The meat stuffed inside isn't too bad, but to eat a sandwich with just the meat in mind isn't the best use of your money either. The cole slaw is lackluster. Yes, Primanti's has other items on its menu, but I have never seen anything there that made me want to jump for joy and get it into my stomach as fast as possible. The more 'restaurant-like' locations (such as the one in Harmar) offer a bigger menu with more palatable food. I've had nice big salads there. But the Strip Primanti Brothers is a greasy, nasty place. I'd rather eat the wax paper your sandwich is served on.If you're visiting Pittsburgh as an out-of-towner, go to Primanti's if you want to go, "Why is this place the talk of the town?," or for a good value, but not for quality food or for a meal actually worth your time.
1	Pittsburgh Bound!  Part XI(For Part X, go to: http://www.yelp.com/review_share/F9IJ3EddoyW89O0DFikPTQ/review/D5UPfn_UbOm4iqfWgSRygw?fsid=X4Q_wJ-wTj91tUUZ_DA3Eg)Where to begin.  Primanti Brothers is an institutional staple in the Pittsburgh area.  The restaurant is famous for their sandwiches that are smothered with French fries and coleslaw.  Originally created as a whole meal-in-one for the truck drivers making early morning deliveries to the Strip, Primanti's sandwiches have since become a local go-to for tourists and has been featured on several Travel Channel and Food Network programs. Let me impart a little local knowledge here.  The sandwiches suck.  My parents have always hated Primanti's and I've had a hit or miss experience over the years, so I had to convince her that we needed to give it one more shot.  We stood in line to get in (which pissed my mom off to no end) and when we finally sat down, the sticky table didn't leave the best first impression.  Our waiter arrived and we ordered two capicola and cheese's.  Although the prodigal sandwich was, as usual, dry and salty, it also had overwhelming flavor undertones of 'waste of money', and 'overrated'.  I've had friends visit who felt it some sort of rite of passage to indulge in salty mediocrity, and I can see how people outside of Pittsburgh would find French fries and coleslaw on a sandwich a KA-RAAAZZZY premise, but Primanti's isn't anything special and in no way worth bypassing the plethora of amazing restaurants the city has to offer.  (For Part XII, go to: http://www.yelp.com/review_share/DGeupkmvo1X1oKn-sv9UQA/review/-HJfUYS0E_OklNDSFkWfbQ?fsid=FL_7zkBe4MUwc2VCDFMFNA)
3	I'm from Pittsburgh, therefore Primanti's holds a special place in my heart. It may not be the best sandwich in the world, but it's definitely high up there with the best. However, I don't really want to focus too much on the food aspect in this review - service is the main point. We visited on a Friday night around 10:30 and the place had a decent crowd and looked to only have one server. She came to our table and didn't even bother to say "hi" - just a "What do you guys want." Thankfully I was a little tipsy from the Pirate game and sort of ignored her lack of customer service. When our food came she was still very rushed and didn't say anything to us. My boyfriend finally had to pin her down after waiting for our check for nearly 15 minutes to pay. She was extremely rude and asked him where the bill was. When he told her we didn't have it yet she said responded by pretty much saying she's not a mind reader and she had no clue what we had. Rude! What the heck is wrong with you? I worked in a restaurant before and have had a full dining room to myself- I know how stressful it can be, however it is never okay to be so blatantly rude to customers. I'm giving this location three stars solely on food. My chicken sandwich was great and a great value for how big the sandwich was. I wasn't prepared by how spicy the chicken was going to be, but I was totally cool with it! Me love spicy foods! Soooo bottom line, this place was only bearable because I was drunk and hungry. If I was ever craving a Primanti's while sober in the area, I'll get it go to.
1	Carbs, carbs, and more carbs......this is a horrendous place to eat.Steer as far away from this place as you can. Minus five if allowed.Fries on a crummy beef sandwich.
5	This was amazing. I haven't been back in a long time... but when I was here, It was well worth the drive!
5	Went here for the first time recently. Trying to add another notch to my Food bucket list.Im sure their isn't much to add but here are my tips:This location open 24 hours Perfect "Late Night" spotBring cashGet the sandwich the way it comes...don't be difficultShare the sandwich unless you are mega hungryParking is iffy...but worth figuring out to go.I will be craving this p[lace at 2:00 in the morning for sure!
4	We visited this location twice during our stay in the P'burgh.  Primanti's is a classic experience here, from what I'm told, but I'll be honest - I'd never heard of it before Adam Richman decided that he was going to shove an entire sandwich down his gullet here.  But the idea of a huge sandwich with a bunch of fries and cole slaw shoved in the middle sounded pretty good - so we stopped.You have to order your sandwich from the huge board that they have (if you're in the back section - if you're at the counter, it's located over the grills) - there's no "menu" here, per se.  I think that this is all they do - sandwiches and nothing more.  Don't come in expecting a huge variety of dishes.  The first time we came, we dined in and were seated in the back.  I ordered a cappicola and egg sandwich, since this is what A.R. used as an example and he'd proclaimed it "delicious".  Well, it was definitely good, I will say that much - but I wish that the egg had been just a little "runnier" in the middle.  I like hard-cooked yolks as a rule, but in this case, a softer yolk would have made the dish.  Also, the sandwich was not nearly as big as it looked on television - I ate it and was like, "Uh... still kind of hungry over here."  Kind of shocked, to be honest.  They bring these to you on wax paper - no plates.  I was a little taken aback by that at first, but I got used to it.  Neat, actually.The cole slaw is absolutely delicious.  I wish I had the recipe, because I'd make it at home all the time.  Fries were hot and added a nice touch to the sandwich - not bad at all.The second time we came in was when we were literally on our way home - we stopped here before hitting the freeway.  This time I got a "colossal fish" - and ate it warmed up at home a few hours later.  Honestly, I think that the colossal fish was MUCH better - that sandwich was a monster size and I had trouble finishing it.  Again, the fries and cole slaw added to the texture and taste experience.  I'd probably recommend this over the cappicola version.  It was even great microwaved at home hours later, believe it or not.My second sandwich was also made by Ms. Toni herself (the woman that Adam Richman interviewed), so I don't know if that had anything to do with how much better it tasted.  I bet it did, though!Service is a little lacking, but not enough for me not to come back.  Good stuff, and we'll be back to try other versions of the sandwich.  Worth a stop if you're visiting the Pittsburgh area.
2	I visited primantis to see what all the hype was about. Upon the first bite of my sandwich I was greatest by the taste of at least 1000 fries. I had to open my sandwich up to actually see if there was any meat, I was given 2 disappointing slices of capricola. The sandwich is 77.9% fries 20% coleslaw and 2.1% meat. Like there are just way too many fries. By way too many I mean way to damn many. Like where's the meat primantis? I ordered a capricola and cheese sandwich not a fries and coleslaw sandwich. They should be a fries place not a sandwich place. Even If they were a fries place I would give them 2 stars at best. Good bread though
5	Great food and service!
4	This was definitely an experience. While visiting Pittsburgh, my friends couldn't let me leave without trying the original Primanti Brothers in the Strip District... what a place! We went for lunch, and it was generally busy. The hostess was very accommodating with our large group and seated us pretty quickly. Ordering is no frills; pick a "base" to your sandwich, and they're all served with fries (on it), slaw, tomatoes, and onions (if you ask). I ordered the turkey breast and cheese and it was pretty damn good. The turkey actually tasted like it had been hand carved. When the waitress brought our food out, I wasn't sure how we'd be able to eat it all; however, after a few minutes of eating in silence, the sandwiches didn't seem so big and we clearly didn't have a problem chowing down on them. Quick, no frills. It felt like kind of a heavy lunch but I bet this is the ultimate late-night, after-partying place! Would totally recommend for a one-of-a-kind sandwich.
5	A must stop when in Pittsburgh.
5	For those not familiar with Primanti Bros. (you obviously are not from Pittsburgh), their signature items are delicious, giant sandwiches featuring your choice of meat, provolone cheese, their delicious fries, Italian dressing based cole slaw, and tomato on two slices of Italian bread.  The sandwich was invented to serve the workers in the warehouses nearby during the early Twentieth Century.  By including the fries and slaw on the sandwich, it made it easier to serve them quickly.  They have other items on the menu, like soup and their "Soon to be Famous Chicken Wings," but the sandwiches are definitely the featured attraction.I had been to Primanti Brothers before, but this was my first visit to the original location in the Strip District.  As I expected, the original location was definitely a cut above the rest.  I went at 2 p.m. on a Saturday afternoon during football season.  When I arrived, I walked in and found an open seat at the bar.  The person who previously sat there had just left, so as I sat, the bartender (I didn't get her name.  But she was cute!) offered to clean the spot for me, and did.  She immediately asked me what I was drinking.  I ordered an I.C. (Iron City) Light, which she promptly went and got for me.  Then, right away, she asked me if I knew what I wanted to eat.  I told her I did, and she took my order.  I ordered my favorite, the Kielbasa and Cheese (see the photo I posted).  She put the order in right away, and, since the grill is actually behind the bar, right near where I was sitting, I saw the cook begin to prepare it.  It didn't take very long before the bartender brought me my sandwich, cut in half, and served on wax paper.  It also didn't take very long before I had completely consumed the sandwich, as the bartender observed after seeing it gone and the wax paper crumpled into a ball, "Well!  It looks like you enjoyed that!"  I confirmed that I did.  It was definitely better than the Kielbasa and Cheese that I had had at other Primanti Bros. locations before.  While I was eating my sandwich, I noticed the cook preparing the same for someone else, and I noticed her dropping the sausage into the fryer.  I don't know whether or not this is a common practice in restaurants, as all the restaurants where I worked didn't serve kielbasa.  But I thought it was interesting, and I think it gave the sausage a nice flavor, and rendered it both crispy and juicy.  I was definitely pleased.The one negative about this place is that it is cash-only.  It's not really a big deal because there is an ATM inside.  I don't know how much the fee is to use it, but if you want to be safe, then just come prepared.Finally, I have one more suggestion.  The Strip District has a nice market nearby, as well as a lot of street vendors selling fresh fruit, baked goods, souvenirs, and sports memorabilia from the local teams.  You may want to arrive early and spend some time browsing before dining, or check it out afterwards.I love Primanti Brothers, and will definitely be checking out the original location in the Strip District the next time I get to return to this wonderful city!
2	Alright, I have dreaded writing this review ever since returning from our trip because i loved Pittsburgh and the amazing people who live there that we were able to make friends with. I don't want to show any disrespect, so lets get that out of the way. My buddies and I went into this experience blind. We were later told by locals that we needed to visit Primanti Bros. after several drinks and not sober, but unfortunately our experience was sober. With that said here we go.....The service was not that great. Folks seemed grumpy. I was shocked because the folks we met in Pittsburgh were some of the friendliest i have met in all my travels across the United States.Capicola and Cheese- First off the coleslaw is more of a kraut then coleslaw. The capicola tasted like bologna and didn't resemble any capicola i've ever eaten. The french fries were soggy.Roast Beef and Cheese- I didn't try it, but my buddy said it was the worst variation of a roast beef he's ever tried.Pitts-Burgher Cheese Steak- This one is on us, but to put cheesesteak on anything for outsiders of Penn. people are thinking thinly sliced delicious rib-eye... not ground beef. Nonetheless it was the worst of all of the sandwiches.Like i said we tried this place sober and everyone who we told our story to said that we should have drank first. I would like to give it a second chance, but my first impressions are sadly not very good.
2	Went here for the first time after living in pittsburgh for a year; wondering what all the hype was about. I ordered the Pitts Burgher and ate half of it and half of a Corned Beef...and also, split the Small mans st fries. The fries were pretty good; however, the sandwiches were just ok. The fries in the sandwiches were bland, the hot sauce on the table was not hot at all and there was a fly of some sort stuck on the straw of the cup of soda. Obviously, it had been floating previously inside the beverage. So, someone please inform me about all the hype..because I don't see it.
5	1st trip here and LOVED IT!  A must eat if you're visiting Pittsburgh!!!  Fresh, Tasty, I had Kielbasa and Cheese!  The Kielbasa was just right and not over powering, the sandwich was awesome!
4	Don't let Primanti's fool you - their "almost famous" sandwiches are as famous as any in Pittsburgh - big, thick Italian bread, plenty of meat and cheese, with a mound of french fries and coleslaw.  Most guys I know can handle the whole thing, but I'm more inclined to share a Primanti's sandwich with a friend.  They also make a decent pizza, the sausage topping is not to my liking. I've been to the Robinson store more often than any other and the service is usually friendly although not super fast, but that's because they're almost always pretty busy.
2	Local institution?  Check.Great classic?  Check.Provides a quintessential local food item?  Check.Place to take every first-time visitor to the city?  Check.Lots of history and culture?  Check.But at the end of the day, it's basically a french fry sandwich.  You get some coleslaw, and no more than a garnish of meat if you order something sliced (and not a generous portion if you order anything else).  90% of your meal is pretty decent french fries on above average white bread.Look, I'm glad Pittsburgh has some culinary identity, and having a classic food item you can only get here is awesome.  But compared to a Philly cheesesteak?  A Chicago pizza?  A New Orleans muffaletta?  Pittsburgh has a long, long, LONG way to go.
4	Visited friend John Mo in Pittsburgh for one night and he brought me here...great move. Big fatty sandwich but really really delicious.
4	Good food, good prices, and fast service. This was my second try at Primanti Bros. and was extremely happy I tried for a second time. First experience was at another location in Oakland and the experience, food, and service was mediocre at best. This location lived up to the hype and I would definitely recommend and come back again.
4	I think the best way to truly experience a city's culture is to partake in their beloved late night spot. I asked my host, the fiery red hot Rachel C on where to go in Steel City and she (begrudgingly) led me to this local haunt. Hey, a girl's got to eat! Open 24 hours, Primanti Brothers is a Pittsburgh staple. First things first, cash only. Show yourself to the ATM by the front door. For eight Sacajaweas you can eat like (an obsese) king here! Behold my trans-fat laden heart....this place is awesome!We opted to share their #2 best selling item on the menu the Pittsburger (apparently beer is their #1 selling menu item) and the roast beef. I didn't get a chance to try the Pittsburger, but it was thoroughly enjoyed my table. The roast beef sandwich was piled mile high with meat, coleslaw, and the crispiest darn tootin' awesome french fries you've ever had. I was afraid that the coleslaw would be mayo based (I'm a big anti-mayo supporter) but to my surprise it was vinegar based.Service was prompt and a bit of sassy. I love you City of Bridges!
4	I love Primanti's! It doesn't matter whether it's noon or 4am, which it was for this visit to the flagship location.What happens at 4am here? Not really much. Cops come in to get a sandwich. Some drunks are eating at the bar, but not as much action, as I thought there would be. Just good ole' sammiches topped with some of the most delicious fries you've ever tasted. Just add a touch of vinegar and you're golden. Moral of the story is, their sandwiches are delicious at any time of the day or night!
2	I feel like Primanti's is the Pittsburgh equivalent of the Billy Goat in Chicago. Crappy food and crappy service, but people tell you to go there for a slice of nostalgia you don't care about not being from the city or ever planning to return. Don't waste your time.
4	I finally made it to the original location and was not displeased.I always go for the pastrami and it is a no frills establishment.  Cash only as well so you basically order off the menu on the wall, get your sandwich, stuff your face, and leave.  My only complaints are that I wish the fries were crispier and not so mealy, and that they put more coleslaw on the sandwich.  They were a bit stingy with it the last time.Overall, fantastic sandwich.
5	The ultimate Sammich. The ultimate joint. If you don't want to wait in line... you want classy service... you want ambiance... then don't go to a sammich shop. Go somewhere where sit outside and get an umbrella in your bottled water. This is good eats. Lunch pail stuff. This is where my stomach comes to relax.
4	Came to Pittsburgh for the first time with a friend and I wanted to try something that you could only get in Pittsburgh. My friend reccomended this place to me and said to go to the orginal one in the Strip District, as there were other ones around. For my first meal in Pittsburgh I wasn't dissapointed. As we came in, a waitress told us to just sit wherever we'd like. Service came to us quickly and was very helpful.  Although she wasn't as friendly, she seemed to know her stuff. However, the place was busy so she probably was very busy herself. The food came out to us in less than 5 minutes. I got the roast beef and cheese sandwich with onions and my friend got the Pitt-burger. We also got an extra side of fries. Everything was great!  The fries were perfectly cooked and the sandwich was giant and delicious. The only things that I would complain about would be server friendliness and the lack of host stand. Other than that I would definitely reccomend this for anybody who wants to get something unique to Pittsburgh and wants to get a quick bite.
4	I was visiting family in the area and they said I had to try this place. They weren't kidding. It was a unique experience. I was surprised how great the service was. We were treated very well. We split a bologna and cheese and a pitts-burger. I loved the coleslaw on the sandwich and they had good coke. We didn't try any other sides because the sandwiches were so big. Yum.
3	Service was fast! We ordered a fish sandwich to share - huge portions so you probably won't be able to finish a whole sandwich by yourself.They were great about the parking situation. Cars had to be double parked because of the lack of space, but if you parked someone in, one of the servers will just scream the make and color of your vehicle so everyone can come eat here!
4	I've lived in Pittsburgh for a couple of years now and I just recently had this on my college campus a few months ago. It definitely is known as a Pittsburgh food. I normally don't like cole slaw but somehow this was just different. It tasted good because it complimented the fries with its tartness. I definitely would recommend to at least try and you can even just ask for the cole slaw off.
5	Who doesn't love primantis? Pro tip, their happy hours are great. Cheap beer and Dollar slices of pizza. the perfect way to wind down your day.
4	You either love a Primanti's or hate them I adore them, and adore them more after moving around the world and coming home. It's an insane amount of food, meat, french fries, sweet n sour cole slaw between two slices of really big bread but somehow it is magic. The strip district location is noisy and chaotic at night but that's just how  I like it. The suburban locations have good service that is more or less like any ordinary sports bar.
5	Who doesn't like this Pittsburgh establishment!? I took my sister there when she visited from out of town, and she loved it. She's a picky eater, so I was worried she might not like the slaw and fries on the sandwich, but she loved it. Their slaw is my son's fave, and I was able to go home with a tub for his graduation party - and at a very reasonable price. We visited on the day that Corbett and Christie were in town, so there was a small group of protesters outside the door. That certainly made things interesting, and instead of the politicians coming in to see everyone, they were brought in from some side door, and we never got to see them. Oh, well. The food is what we were there for, anyway. And it's always good.
4	Despite its godly reputation, I am only ever moderately impressed with Primanti Bros- Pittsburgh sin, I know. The food is standard: It's greasy and delicious. There are french fries in your sandwich. If you are new to town I highly recommend checking it out- the beer is some of the most inexpensive in Pittsburgh and the service is friendly. Make sure you try the Smallman Street Fries.
5	I was told if going threw Pittsburgh... And was looking for a place to stop for lunch... That this is the place...
2	Listen.  Primanti's isn't a place you go with your family, have a nice dinner, and talk about.  It's not "the place you go when you come to Pittsburgh."  It's not a tradition.So stop it.Seriously...stop.You know when Primanti's hits stride?  At one in the morning, when you're belligerently drunk, everything is closed, and you want something that is ok, and will put down a nice base to prevent tomorrow's hangover.It's heavy, greasy, and full of starch, everything you want if you're trying to cope with the fact that you shouldn't have had that last shot of Jameson.But to tell people that they need to come to this place, during regular business hours, and get a sandwich?  Shame on you Pittsburgh, how do you sleep at night?
5	Was here Saturday with my fiance (his first time) it was amazing as always!  Loved our server she was great as always! Can't wait to come back
3	Great Pittsburgh institution.  Had the fried bologna sandwich, took some of the fries and slaw off though. Very good
4	I've been to both locations and for some reason the food was hittin' here more than the downtown location.Not sure if out other was just so piping hot and fresh off the stove or if it was baptized in grease, but my French fry and slaw adorned Pittsburgher made a bigger impression on me this time around than at the downtown location.While in the moment, you'll be cradling your dear food with utter indulgence and delight, you may want to make sure you've got some Tums handy. Not only was I still full the next morning and afternoon, but my stomach had a little Riverdance concert taking place inside.Whatever you do, bring cash and show the folks here respect and appreciation and they'll take care of you.
5	I am decidedly not a Pittsburgh native, or "Yinzer" as the locals would say, but my family's roots are firmly planted in Pittsburgh soil.  My trip to Primanti Brothers kicked off my first visit to Pittsburgh to see a Steelers game.  Having seen the shop on multiple TV shows and hearing all about it from my "Yinzer" friends, I had to try it.  It is as advertised, big, delicious, and not in the slightest bit healthy, which is just fine.  I loved the simplicity of my salami sandwich with cole slaw and french fries, it was just what I wanted and nothing I needed, and I loved it. Fine dining it is not, but if you want that, you picked the wrong crowd.  Every single return trip to the Steel City (and I plan many) will include a visit to Primanti Brothers.  The atmosphere was lively (even though it was packed the night before a Steelers game), the service was friendly and prompt, and the food was delicious.  Keep this up, Primantis, you got something good going, although something tells me you already know that.
3	Road trip to Pittsburgh to watch the Penguins v. Stars game and wanted to try something new.  I decided on The Pitts-burger (#2 Best Seller) and my husband had the Cajun chicken, which he enjoyed and ate every bite but I was very disappointed in the burger part of mine.  The meat had no seasoning, tasted like it was broiled or steamed (like McDonalds meat, blah...) and really ruined the experience.  I wish I would have tried one of the deli meats instead but will probably never give it a second chance.  The slaw and fries were both good - fries seemed to be fresh cut so I'm not sure why they don't make the effort to put out a better burger patty.
4	Consistently great service and good food. It is a bit loud but people have fun here
5	So convenient after a night of partying...They're open 24 hours! What could be better? I had the double egg & cheese sandwich with bacon. So good, and wonderful after the abundance of alcohol consumed at the club earlier :-)Service was very fast. Even on a Friday night at 2:15am with crowds of people. Waiter was very nice, and he remembered our orders without having to write them down. Will definitely be my go-to place after late night Strip antics.
4	I  have been wanting to try this place for years.  On a recent trip for the Baltimore/Pittsburgh game, I got the chance.  Our 15 minute wait outside in the cold was well worth the time.  We were seated at the bar and and were served by a really funny bartender.  Of course we had to have Iron City Beer and the Pittsburgher. My sandwich (which came almost as soon as I ordered it) was everything that I expected.  Who wouldn't love fresh french fries on top of a hamburger served on thick Italian bread with tangy coleslaw?  It was HUGE and I only finished half of it.  My only complaint is the tomato- but hey, its November.  Who has good tomatoes in the north in November?  One thing to know- it is cash only, so be prepared!
4	Who doesn't love a Primanti sandwich?!?! Each time I head to Pittsburgh, the anticipation starts a craving then a need to get one. Luckily, I can usually talk my FIL in to going to get one with me.  This is what happens when you marry a girl from Pittsburgh.  You get sucked in to the incredible traditions...too bad I'm not a Steelers or Penguins fan...I'm a die-hard DC sports fan but am a HUGE fan of the food in Pittsburgh.  Where else can you get slaw and fries on a sandwich? Those that don't haven't lived.  Primanti's isn't known for their stellar service, but if you know what to expect going in, you will be lost and have judgments about the service.  I go for the food...not the service.  Enjoy!
4	Big sandwiches with fries and cole slaw...check.  Quick service, even during the lunch hr...check.   Reasonable prices...yup.  I'll always make time to drop in here.
4	We had to go here due to the reputation and many recommendations from yinz.  Food was good and reasonably priced but flavor was interesting.  The sandwiches are all served with slaw and French fries on them.  Sounds like a great idea but I felt the fries really dampened the taste of the other sandwich ingredients.  We got the pastrami and cheese as well as the corned beef and cheese and the would have been more flavorful without the fries.  But then again, one of the main attractions of this place is fried on the sandwich - so it's all what you prefer,  The atmosphere is good, food comes out super fast and even if you have to wait for a table the turn over is fast.  Worth a stop if you are touring Pittsburgh for the day!
1	First off, the person making the sandwich grabbed the slaw for the sandwich out of the bin without gloves on, that's disgusting.  Beyond that, I have absolutely no idea what native Pittsburghers see in this place.  Soggy sandwich that turns into a complete mess because they use regular Italian bread.  Overall, the sandwich was just bland.  Never again.
4	food is always good and the service is casual which can be my favorite at times.always good for pick up! wings - incredible.
5	My husband and I had never been to Primanti Brothers before.  We met some of his family there over Thanksgiving week-end.   We had a wait, but it was worth it.   They will not serve a party until all members of the party are there which is fair.  They can't hold tables because it's so busy.   I didn't realize how huge the sandwiches are.  I got Kielbasa and cheese.   For those of you who have never been there, they put the cole slaw and Fries right on the sandwich.  It's huge.  I had to take half of mine home.  The food is very good and the atmosphere is fun.   They may take reservations, but I'm not sure about that.
4	Before we even start, let's be clear about what Primate Bros is...a Pittsburgh cultural landmark. That being said...this will NOT be the sandwich that will make you pick up a diet exclusively consisting of meat products and cole slaw. It will however make you an official Pittsburgh-er. You'll "yinz" your way out the door while being full on something that feels and tastes like the salt Pittsburgh was built from. O...you think that's too poetic for a sandwich?! Fair enough. Let's try this...MEAT GOOD. PRIMANTI'S SANDWICH HAVE MEAT. Glad we could meet in the middle with that.
3	They are a very overrated sandwich, in my opinion. That might also be because my mom has made these herself since I was a kid, and they have always tasted fresher and less greasy made from her.
5	One of the most tasty sandwiches I had in the US. Extremely huge, extremely much stuffed with fries! I'd say the size is enough for 2-3 girls, with free refill soda. Yum!
2	I've heard so much about primanti bros but was sadly disappointed. I was rather unimpressed by my sandwich. Ordered the turkey breast and cheese with an egg. The French fries were not seasoned or fresh. Also I wish they toasted the bread.
2	A Pittsburgh establishment whose concept (fries and slaw with meat on a sandwich) is, I think, solid, but the execution is pretty meh.
3	We've been there because a lot of my friends recommend me this place. I liked it, as they put a lot of tasty stuff on their sandwiches. But unfortunately the bread tastes like nothing. They could improve on that.The waiter was very rushing as there was a long line in front of the restaurant. We also had to wait there for about 15 minutes. After we ate our sandwiches, he couldn't wait to bring us the receipt and get our money. After all, I can say that you should go there once, because it is like a tourist feature. Though once is enough in my opinion.
5	I freaking LOVED THIS PLACE!!! I recently visited the Keystone state and decided after hearing about Primanti's on TV and from some friends, along with my love of sandwiches, I'd give them a try. Let's just say, four days in Pittsburgh, PA. resulted in four trips to Primanti's Bros....and I can't wait to go back! My first venture to Primanti's (I went to the original on 18th Street, which opened in 1933) was at about 3:00am after having a drink or two. The original location is open 24 hours and has the ambiance of on old-fashioned sandwich shop, with that hard steel city type of vibe. I immediately liked it! Their sandwiches come with a mix of slaw, tomato, a touch of provolone cheese and french fries. I have always been leery about having fries in my sandwich but when in Rome, stick anything in your mouth. Being that it was my first trip I went with the Pitts-burger (#2 Best Seller) and a side of cheese fries. Voila! I had an instant mouth orgasm. I'm not a huge french fry guy but DAMN are their fresh cut fries a hit! Lightly salted and packing a ton of flavor. I mean I could not get enough of them and even stole most of the cheese fries from my better half. I was amazed by the flavors I was encountering as I ate my sandwich.After the first trip I knew I had to go back but I kind of surprised myself when it was less than 12 hours later. When I went back I wanted to try my favorite sandwich, the pastrami. Come to find out that it's Toni's favorite sandwich too. Who's Toni you ask? She is the adorable, spitfire, beautiful, dream of human being who has been a part of Primanti's for decades. She was easily one of my favorite parts about the experiences at Primanti's, along with all of the staff who really care and appreciate you coming into their establishment. Something we don't see enough of these days! Back to my and Toni's favorite, the pastrami sandwich. Holy schnikes! I almost pooped my pants it was so damn good. Excuse my terminology but this was a religious food experience for me. As I ate the pastrami I began to truly appreciate the combination of meat, to slaw, to fries ratio. I mean they aren't the most complicated combinations in the world but damn do those people at Primanti's make the combo work. You even get to taste the acidity of the tomato, followed up with a hint of cheese but the slaw and fries do all the work. Day three...trip three, by know I am in love with Primanti's slaw as well as Toni as I run into her again. Pastrami is the choice of the day and I'm totally assured that the slaw is simply insane. Simple in it's mixture of slaw, vinegar, some salt and pepper, oil and sugar. It's just insane to me how it tastes so good. Sticking with the pastrami sandwich I began playing around with the ingredient combos. First, I added extra slaw (on the sandwich and on the side) and then I started to bury my delicacy in hot sauce. Tons of it! I have found my Primanti's sandwich perfection!Day four...trip four and it was time to say goodbye to my brief but fulfilling edible encounter with Primanti's. On the way to the airport I make my final trip to see my love, she is there, waiting for me with open arms, giving me what I need and desire... Crap! What am I writing here? It was another round with the pastrami, the slaw, hot sauce, fries, and so on to give my pallet what it needs. I know this review is way over the top but that was my experience at Primanti's Bros. WAY OVER THE TOP! I love this place; highly recommend it and dream of a day when they open a joint down here in Texas!
4	A no frills place to grab a sandwhich and a beer. It's always good cause it always the same. Hope it stays that way.
1	I moved to Pittsburgh in October 2001 and one of the first things I heard about was Primanti Brothers. I have gone to this location twice with a friend who was born and raised here, but I have yet to try their food. In fact, I have yet to place an order!Both times I have gone to this location, my friend and I have been ignored. If we ask to place an order, we're told "I'll be with you in a minute" and then resume being ignored while other customers who came in after us are served. Is it because I am plus sized? Is it because my male friend has long, painted fingernails? Is it something else? I don't know for sure. And I did try a second time in case there was some other problem (new staff?) the first time with the same results.I have to say that at this point, I am unlikely to ever patronize ANY Primanti Brothers' location.
5	By far the best sandwich shop I have ever been to. Very friendly and fast service. The lady on the grill would produce 10 sandwiches and could still hold a conversation with you. Prices were fantastic. Only down side is it is cash only.
3	It was certainly a great experience eating at this restaurant.  Sandwich was good, but nothing to rave about. Very messy and hard to get a bit because of it's size.  One of those places you tried once because it's a well known place.
1	How do I put this. The food was not impressive, the service was terrible. Over all not the restaurant I will recommend. Me and my wife step in the restaurant and not one welcome us. We sit at the bar instead and it took a long time for them to take our order.  We order what they say the most popular item on the menu "The Pitts-burger" and it turns out to be a disaster. The beef patty taste not real beef. It's a street food level with strong chemical smell. I am aware of the sandwich will be a layer of fries in the middle. The fries is oblivious OVER COOKED and no flavor. The only highlight thing for the sandwich is the fresh tomato and bread. PS. When you sit at bar. If there is an old lady offering you some random Greek dessert, please don't buy it for your own good.  She said its one dollar each; but rather she took two dollars and one dollar for her 'tip'.
2	Ok so my husband's from Pittsburgh and this place is legend. That said, our experience was mediocre. We walked in at 3pm, hoping to beat the lunch and dinner rush. We were seated by the bar, which was cool but weren't offered the option of a table and there were a few empty ones nearby and couldn't get a staff member to look at us until it was time to order. I ordered a steak and cheese and received a Pitts-burger. I asked the waitress if it was the steak and cheese and she nodded her head and walked off. That was the last interaction we had with any of the staff until we paid at the register. When she rang us up she listed off my sandwich, now calling it a Pitts-burger. Cool, thanks for ignoring us and dismissing my opportunity for you to correct your mistake. Checked the box for the original location, we will go to the spin-offs from now on.
4	Really good overall. Great for late night since it's always open and loved trying the Pittsburgh classic. No complaints about the sandwich, very good!
5	Here in Pittsburgh visiting friends and was brought here for a meal.Wow! Delicious, delicious food. Girlfriend and I shared their Smallman St. Fries and I had the pastrami sandwich, she had grilled chicken and cheese. All sandwiches come on delicious Italian toasted bread and has French fries in it as well!Totally went into food coma from this. As a fan of sandwiches, these took the prize. Not to mention that as stacked a sandwich as it was, it was minimally messy! Would totally come back here on a future visit to Pittsburgh!Almost forgot to mention, awesome service!
3	My friends were really excited to take me here after a night out. We had tried to go earlier in the day, but the line was too long.We arrived and at 2am, the place was still packed - always a good sign. We found a place to sit and ordered. We asked if we could order seperately and the waiter said to just order all at once and we could figure it out later. I asked if I could have no Coleslaw (most coleslaw has vinegar in it which makes me sick) and was told that I would have to take it off the sandwich myself. I understand its a tradition, so I won't get too sour about this, but I wasnt super thrilled about this.Our food finally came and the waiter was a jerk to my friend when she asked for extra forks. We asked what the totals were and he said we had to pay all together. We had previously asked about this and been told it was fine to do it seperately, but that wasn't an option now. Instead of taking all the time to figure out what we owed (there was no bill) I just paid so we could catch our cab home.Now on to the food. Awesome. It was quite delicious. I understand why my friends took me there... I inhaled my sandwich and was ready for another one. Def worth the bad attitude wait staff.All in all, the food was five stars but the service was not. Its not a sandwich you want to miss out on, but don't go when they are busy.
4	Do the tourist thing and get a damn sandwich here.  Its good, honest and all the obnoxious Stiller fans here pack the joint 24/7!  A bottle of Iron City and a turkey provalone sandwich is great for a hangover and a night of regret.  Go Browns...
4	Pretty good food. Cool place to see. Went because of Bizarre Foods America
