4	If you ever head to Border Grill on Superbowl Sunday watch out for that large table of guys who just stepped out of the hurt locker.   There will be about 10 of us drinking tequila and eating bowls of great tortilla soup to get our legs back under us so we can watch the game.... The staff is cool, and they just laugh at our sorry asses when we show up looking like death warmed over.Border Gril has a nice location in Mandalay Bay near the pool(s).   Its split over 2 levels and has a great shaded patio on the 2nd floor.The food is excellent for vegas, the kitchen turns out a fine assortment of regional mexican fare that is a step up from most the food you get in Sin City, but stick to the basics, some of their fancier dishes reaveal the limits of their ingredients.  Did I mention they serve tequila to jackasses?
4	Very cool place with a great tequila selection and good food too!! Service was very friendly and they do a pretty good job on the margaritas. I could have sat there all day eating the chips and 3 salsa they give you. They also have a HOT salsa that you can request. Great flavor!I really liked the setup, as they have a to go window and a bar. The restaurant it self is very large. Hey, it's in Mandalay Bay, so of course it's just fabulous!
4	Usually busy since it's inside the Mandalay Bay and there are conventions going on, but you can probably swing a seat at the bar during lunchtime without reservations.  The food is good! Try the huevos rancheros.  The waiter and chef were also very accommodating, when what I ordered wasn't available they specially made me the huevos rancheros for dinner! I'd had them the day before at lunch and wanted them again.  :)
5	Ever watch the Food Network? Do remember that old cooking show (not currently on anymore) with those women who cooked exotic dishes? No, not the Two Fat Ladies! I'm talking about the Two Hot Tamales: Mary Sue Milliken and Susan Feniger! Anyway, they are the masterminds behind Border Grill.This location (there's at least one more that I know of in Pasadena, CA) is in the beautiful Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino, on the Sin City strip. It's kinda tucked way back in the hotel, but I'll travel out of my way just to eat here. Anyway, I love this place. I was walking through the casino one night with my wife and I saw a sign pointing down towards no man's land. I thought the name sounded familiar and remembered the Two Hot Tamales from TV. Lo and behold, this was, in fact, the same Border Grill I'd tried in LA years ago. This place was a whole lot different than what I'd experienced in LA though. This place was hipper, funkier, more colorful, and in Vegas for cryin' out loud! Woo-hoo! Vegas, baby!Border Grill serves up some righteous Mexican/Southwestern/Cuban fusion-hybrid food that has my mouth watering just thinking about it...mmmm... We started our meal with complimentary chips and salsa. However, the salsa was an experience in itself. We received a trio of salsas that were excellent. I'd write more about them, but I don't recall what was in them (roasted tomatoes, chipotle peppers, tomatillos...something like that). It may have also been the tasty mojito and margarita I had before the meal that altered my memory of the meal...*hic!*Our entrees were delicious as well. I ordered a steak (well-seasoned and juicy) while my wife ordered the carnitas. Both dishes were so good that we couldn't stop talking about it the next day. Maybe if we had won some money we could've gone back for more. Oh well...I highly recommend Border Grill for anyone staying in the Mandalay or within a 100-mile radius of Las Vegas. I can't wait for my next meal here...
3	Joining the BF's colleagues for dinner, Border Grill was the choice for the evening.  When approaching the restaurant after walking through the maze of Mandalay Bay, it may appear that Border Grill isn't very large.  However, you'll find lots of large tables available downstairs too.  They seat you down with plenty of salty tortilla chips and a tiny platter of three sauces.  There was one that was green that I just loved, and another one of the two red ones that was yummy too.  Drink orders first!  I had their Cruzan Mojito, which is described as "Cuba's most popular cocktail; cruzan estate light rum muddled with fresh mint, lime, and a touch of soda."  This was oh-so yum and among the best mojitos ever.  However, not so strong but tasty indeed.  I also tried someone else's Mango Mojito and it was oh-so yummy too!  The BF had the Caipirinha, which is "a Brazilian classic, fresh juices muddled with sugar drowned in ypioca cachaca."  It tasted a bit better than my previous experience with Caipirinha, but still a bit strong tasting.Our waiter was super friendly and a such a doll.  They get you going when they offer the Guacamole (mashed avocado with cilantro, red onion, jalapeo, and lime).  It's standard fresh guacamole, nothing particularly special about it but it does come with a little salad of something or other on the side.Not sure what to order, I ask for suggestions from the waiter and comes up with a few.  I decide on the Grilled Skirt Steak, which is "marinated in garlic, cilantro, cumin, and lime; served with charred corn relish, tomato avocado salad, and black beans."  I chose my steak rare and it came out nicely to my liking.  The initial bite was very enjoyable...tasty and delicate.  However, as I ate the rest of my steak, I felt it lacked some flavor.  I ended up dipping my steak into the sauces left on the table for the chips to give it a kick.  The tomato avocado salad was a nice blend of heirloom tomatoes that was a nice accompaniment, but the charred corn relish was a bit too hard for my tastes.  (The BF finished it off though.)  And the black beans were standard too.  This came with a large flour tortilla that I ended up not eating.The BF had the Cochinita Pibil, which is "achiote marinated pork slow roasted in banana leaf with cinnamon, grilled onions, black beans, and plantain orange salsa."  It was recommended by the waiter because it came from southern Mexico and is considered a rare dish to find on a menu.  I took the first bite and gave it back to the BF.  The pork was nothing special and I was disappointed.  The BF wasn't so impressed either as he kept on eating my steak instead.  It came with corn tortillas that the BF felt overpowered the pork.  And the plantains were okay too.Overall, the food was okay.  Dinner for the two of us costs $84, which is definitely not worth it when eating Mexican food.  (Both of us have been to central Mexico, so it's a little hard to justify spending so much on this type of food.)  I would be curious if they had a happy hour just for drinks and appetizers though.  Then you'll see me coming back to drink up on their mojitos! Sidenote:  Watch out for their elevator.  With the six of us in it, it made a funny sound that had us catching our breath for a moment.  And I know we didn't eat all that much now!
3	the border grill is a mexican restaurant located in the Mandalay Bay Hotel Casino Resort.  It is the last eating establishment along restaurant row. a few of us were already hesitant about eating at a mexican restaurant in section that also has a wolf gang puck's trattoria, red square, fleur de lys,  michael mina's strip steak, etc.   the decor of this restaurant was outstanding.  the vibrant yellow and orange painted walls decorated with mexican art brightened the whole restaurant in the evening.  i was very surprised at the size of the restaurant.  it has actually two levels with the lower level accommodating larger parties of 6 or more.  the lower level connects to some outdoor seating, which i look forward to taking my lovely dining companion on the milder vegas nights for some drinks.  we started off on some homemade tortilla chips that had just the right amount of saltiness.   it was complimented so well with the salsa roja and salsa verde.  one of the other red salsas had a fruity tinge to it, but   not strong enough to be identified, so it was uninteresting.  we also ordered guacamole, which was a little more bland than i usually like.   they were generous on the avocado, but i think they could have done a better job in adding some more kick (spice, tanginess, saltiness).when the waiter mentioned that the Cochinita Pibil was a southern mexican specialty that is rarely found in menus here in the U.S., i immediately knew that i had to order that dish.  basically, it is a specially marinated pork that has been slow roasted with or in banana leaf with cinnamon and grilled onions.  it was accompanied by black beans, rice, and plantains with orange salsa on the side.   sounds yummy, unfortunately after i gave the first bite to the GF, she immediately let me know that i could have the rest of the bite.  i said to myself, "OH NO could it be that BAD?"  i was disappointed at how tough the pork was and how the whole dish lacked any zest.  maybe the tortilla to wrap the meat took away the flavor, or the onions and banana leaf muffled some of the flavors away.  either way, the GFs grilled skirt steak was a lot more tastier.  she ordered it rare and you can actually taste the marinate of garlic, cilantro, cumin, and lime.  she found that her taste buds loved in the beginning and was bored with it towards the end.  i also loved eating her charred corn relish,i will have to be honest that the price for our meals were a bit high ~$80/2 people for mexican food.  there are tons of other great mexican restaurants/taquerias in las vegas that are much cheaper and better tasting.  i will have to admit that i will return for drinks.  the mojitos (regular or mango) are very delicious.  ask the GF!!!  they were extra sweet, very refreshing, with a minty bite.  they also have caipirinha (a brazilian concoction, which lacked the tang that i was used to).  i yet have to find this drink anywhere else in vegas.
3	i had the fish tacos and then the following day was unexpectedly taken here for dinner and had the chopped seafood salad.  both were OK but not great.  nice view though of the mandalay bay.
3	I'm kind of middle-of-the-road about this place.  Undoubtedly, the location is very nice, especially on the outdoor patio as you are right by the pool...  But i would say that the food and the service weren't worth the price you pay for it all.  I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and the guacamole, and I just didn't think that they were the best I ever tasted.  They were good, don't get me wrong, just not the best.  The drink orders were slow that day too, because (as the waitress explained) the bartender had a lot of orders to get out to the pool.
2	I think this is a very generous 3 stars since I would prefer to give this place 2.5 stars...and rounded up because I think my review may have been biased by my strong jonesin' for a burger...and our server was actually quite excellent.  Besides that, the food receives 1.5 stars.BUT when you're poolside at Mandalay Bay and you actually want to sit down and eat (not eat on your deck chair...if you're lucky but on the ground if you didn't get a chair), the Border Grill is the closest option.  I was starving, famished...and I couldn't find anything on the menu that looked appealing.  I thought a burrito would be the next best thing to a burger...but no burritos!  Tacos - too small!  Carnitas platter - for some reason - bleh!  So, I got the chilaquiles.  That was probably a bad call - it was essentially a bunch of chips baked into a "casserole" which waslayered with cheese and a little bit of meat.  Really, it just ended up being a big mess of soggy chips and a teeeeny bit of chicken.  I was so sad...  I left feeling full but not the good kind of full - the kind of full that feels gross because you know you just ate a bunch of icky food.  I'd a salad before which was just chicken on top of iceberg lettuce, so I thought something more legitimately "Mexican" might be better...but not so much!
1	I was very excited to try this restaurant and especially to try their version of one of my favorite dishes, chilequiles. I was extremely disappointed. Their chilequiles were basically tortilla chips sprinkled with queso fresco...and cost over $20. The service was poor, none of the dishes we tried were exceptionally good and everything was grossly overpriced. What a sad disappointment.
4	Before I could write this review I had to check the restaurants website to try and remember what I ate there. It was the sauteed rock shrimp. Now...does not remembering what I ate mean the food was forgettable, or does it simply mean that I killed one too many brain cells this weekend. I'll let you make that decision (one is far more likely than the other).  Something that I always fret about are serving sizes. Serve me a massive plate of food with only a little of what I ordered and like 90% rice won't make me happy, but serve me a dish with a generous helping of shrimp on a bed of rice and greens and I'm a happy camper. I'll camp here more often.
4	Everyone else was feeling like a baller.  Saturday night was the night that many of my Vegas cohorts decided to go spend $100 on dinners at fancy pants restaurants that me and my broke ass last minute trip to Vegas self couldn't afford.  I wanted to eat a nice meal, but one that I could afford, so a few of us ended up at the Border Grill.  I was pleased with our choice for sure.Dining on the patio in the heat with the misters every so often cruising our way, it was a gorgeous time of dusk to dine.Sipping on my Cruzan Mojito and enjoying my two appetizers, tortilla soup and plantain empanadas, I was just reveling in the fact that this meal wasn't going to break my bank.  It felt upscale, but the average $25 entrees were reasonable.Everything about the service, location, drinks, and all the entrees on the table had a hint of class to them, I was just stoked to be able to afford them....this way i could go and, instead of spending $100 on a meal, just hand the money to the blackjack dealer and say, "here, I think you need this more than me".  That experience would only take 5 minutes, as opposed to the 2 hour or so meal i could have enjoyed with it.  I mean, you see my point right?  5 minutes i can deal with...2 hours of tasty food...yah, like ill ever get that 2 hours back. OK...ill pull the bitter back, and just say that it was a delightful choice for a meal.  Company included.
2	I dragged some friends here as I have been a long time fan of the Two Hot Tamales. Unfortunately, we were let down with atrocious service and forgettable food. My carnitas would have been acceptable for $7.95 at a chain restaurant, but for $23 a plate I should get something at least as good as a taco truck. After we had been there for over twenty minutes our server literally forgot about us - he actually began to reintroduce himself and ask for our orders.Two stars only because our drinks were terrific. The cucumber mojito was done perfectly and my companions' strawberry margaritas got rave reviews.
5	We ate here when we came to Vegas without much spending money. We really wanted to try it and it sounded like the best place to eat in the area. We ended up drinking water, eating the chips with the many dipping sauces and then splitting the Tamale Sampler. We felt bad for the waitress so we left you a nice tip. I could sense she was mentally rolling her eyes at us when she heard what we would have. Next time we will go all out! Everything was so yummy.
4	I want to say that the food was good.  I think it was.  Can't quite remember.  I went to Border Grill with 14 friends (shoulda been 16, but two of them couldn't get out of bed) for dinner during my bachelor party, and well, damn it if my memory of the evening ain't a bit hazy.  I can say this with confidence, however.  The staff was extremely friendly and tolerant of our antics, and everyone in our group had a great time.  One server brought me so many shots of tequila that I asked her "Como se dice vomit en espanol"?  She refused to answer and told me to drink.My kinda place.
4	We had an Open Table reservation at Mary and Sue's place for 7PM with a request for a table with a view of the outside patio.  Our view was better than anticipated as we were seated on the patio, but the night was comfortably warm so we registered no complaint.    The complimentary taco chips and two salsas were a cut above your typical cantina.  A special menu was offered in celebration of Mexican Independence Day so I chose (by pointing) the manchamanteles - even the waitress admitted being unable to pronounce it.  As it turned out the kitchen was out of this stew-type dish, so both Ms. Westie and I settled for chili rellenos - roasted poblano peppers stuffed with manchego, panela, and cotija cheeses served with both roja and tomatillo salsas, two types of rice, and black beans. The poblano peppers were super sized and the amount of cheese used in the filling was over-the-top, but tasty nonetheless.   I used a $20 coupon from one of the freebie magazines to ease the financial burden, but we were $8 short of the required $50 tab, not a problem as we shared a large slice of tres leches.
5	Love love love me some good Mexican food - and Border Grill is a great spot that I try to eat at every time I am in Vegas.  I usually prefer it for lunch (or the take out counter for an in-room or at the MB beach treat) - and the outside patio is very beautiful.  The portions are very large, and they serve great salads, gauc, and holy moly - the tamales are the best!Try the sangria or a house margarita - and as a side note, if you do take out they will put your drink in a To-Go cup (gotta love that :)We have always had great service - I would highly recommend this spot if you are staying in Mandalay Bay (or somewhere nearby) as a delicious, reasonably priced spot with great food and drink.
4	Border Grill was a nice find in Mandalay Bay.   It's a bit tucked away from things but it's still a nice spot to sit and enjoy a leisurely meal.   I ordered off the specials menu which was a cowboy steak with beans and a quesadilla.   Wow!  Was it good.   That meal was both generous and tasty!   That cost about $35.   One of my friends ordered a mushroom and chicken quesadilla that was pretty good for about $28.   Of course I gave him grief that for a mere $7 more, he could have had a real meal.   The service staff was quite pleasant and helpful.   I really enjoyed the dining experience there.   Will I be back?   Yes, I would go there again if I am in the area.
4	I LOVE being pleasantly surprised, and that is exactly what happened here. We were walking and looking for dinner without a reservation through our hotel. We decide to check out the Mexican place away from everything else. Great service, really fast, patio dining, romantic lighting (darkness), and pretty good food.
1	I can't remember the last time I walked out of a restaurant but we walked out of here on Saturday night.  Four of us ordered margaritas, the pomegrante & melon were delish but the Original one tasted AWFUl. We were seated at 8:15 and by 9:30pm still hadnt gotten our entrees. One of the girls in our party went to ask the server if he had forgotten about us. He was very rude so we decided to leave. The poor manager was gracious enough to pick up our drinks and appetizer but this really was the WORST dining experience of my life.
4	If you ever find yourself at a company conference at the Mandalay Bay and you can't stand the banal banquet food that's been sitting under a heat lamp since 9:30AM, then quietly excuse yourself to the restroom and discreetly walk over to the Border Grill.  You will not be dismayed. It's okay to ask the host to sit you in the corner so that no one from your company sees you. Be sure to order a Pomegranate Margarita. You will be re missed if you don't order the Plantain black bean empanadas. ...this dish walks a fine line between sweet and savory...it is a taste of heaven.
4	Great place, great ambiance, great food without completely deflating your wallet. I'll keep this short and simple: SKIRT STEAK.
3	Disappointing. Two Tepid Tamales....The fish we ordered was ok- but the service was awful. Don't bring me food with no fork or spoon.... how can I eat?Also, I'm tempted to give this ONE star because I saw the bartender make my $12 margarita with fricken last call margarita mix. That is unconscionably.Good few of the pools and beach tho.
3	So, I have this weird affliction that makes me feel really uncomfortable when someone puts a HUGE plate of food in front of me. I wanted the chile rellenos, but not the supersized plate! Alas, such is the state of dining in most restaurants these days, but seriously, if I would have known the portions were this big I would have shared my dinner with my friend.Still, for Vegas we got a table on a Friday night with no wait and no reservation, the service was very attentive, and the bill was reasonable. My mojito was quite tasty also. So go, share, and enjoy!
1	I came here with a group of friends on a trip to Vegas and was thoroughly disappointed.  We were expecting a nicer Mexican restaurant considering the prices and food discriptions - but I was less than wowed.While the waitstaff was nice, the service was very slow.  We waited about 15 minutes for our drinks.  Dinner wasn't great either.I had the Mexican Chopped Salad which is supposed to include red peppers, tomato, apple, beans, onion, corn, avacado and lettuce.  When they brought it to me I literally thought it was the wrong dish because all I could see was lettuce and chicken.  There were no apples or peppers and a sprinking (I mean like 10 kernals) of corn and beans.  It was laughable and NOT worth $17.2 girls ordered the Turkey Tostada, which was a cute presentation on two small corn tortillas, but they complained that the turkey was overwhelmingly salty, and avoided it all together.Others liked the quesadillas and drinks were good, which is why I give this review 1-2 stars.Had the menu been more appropriately priced I wouldn't have been as annoyed - but I could have found a MUCH better meal for $30 somewhere else.  Who knew a head of lettuce and a glass of wine could eat up so much money!? ... I should've put it into slot machines, that would've been less of a throw away :)
4	Average Americanized Mexican food -- except for their chips + salsa -- which are fantastico.  The best part is that it is outside and you can watch people floating around the Mandalay pool.
1	This place is grossly overpriced.It's mediocre Mexican with a funky twist, and not in a good way.You are way better off going to Rubio's for Mexican. Especially when they are charging 20+ bucks for the same stuff.I will never ever return to this place again and do not recommend it to anyone.
1	I am not quite sure how you can justify charging $25 for a plate of mediocre tacos, or $29 for a large margarita...Don't get me wrong, I am a big fan of Ciudad in Los Angeles. I have a special place in my heart for the "Two Hot Tamales." But seriously, the Border Grill in Vegas is highway robbery. In a city where there is so much good food, and cheap food, and good cheap food, it is insane to waste your time and money here.Go elsewhere for some good cheap food and then get a football or the Eiffel tower filled with margaritas for $5
3	I liked this place way better than the location we have in Santa Monica. Still, it is not fabulous. They do have this minty, fizzy drink that is very refreshing.
2	Good, not great, Mexican cuisine located inside the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. I had a few tacos and a burrito that were both delicious, but again nothing really outstanding or special, just the usual Mexican fare. I had some great margaritas that did prepare me for a night out in Sin City. I agree with Chili B. too that this place was over priced.
4	Great stop as my gf and I were staying at the Four Seasons and we wanted food stat. Keep in mind, it was extremely hot, we just arrived, and were hungry. But the food was good, the mexican chopped salad was plentiful and the avocado was fresh. I had the sangria and my girlfriend had the pomegranate margarita, which she loved.There is construction so it was a maze of sorts to get to the actual restaurant area. But for the price, a nice sit down lunch.
5	The dish I had as described in the daily special menu.Chicken Enchilada - Smoked Chicken & Oaxacan string cheese in a chipotle cream sauce, with an Ancho chile corn salad.The dish was preceded with homemade corn chips and 3 salsas. There was a tomtailo, red chile, and a smoked chipolte. All 3 were good. The chips were a little greasy but were still good. They were made from thick homemade tortillas and were crispy. The enchilada dish arrived promptly, and the presentation was very well executed. The plate had a base of the chipotle sauce with streaks of cream streaked through the sauce. The three chicken enchiladas were topped with a corn salas which consisted of asparagus that had been thinly sliced and cooked just till tender. There were also slices of Ancho chiles, corn and onion in the salad. This was topped with the string cheese.The Chicken Enchilada's were made of homemade corn tortillas, rolled around the chicken and cheese mixture. This dish might have been the best enchilada dish I've every had, except for at Orlando's in Taos, New Mexico. The thick tortilla and the chicken mixture had just the right texture and flavor. The restaurant advertises themselves as Real Mexican, it is not the standard Tex-Mex fair. The restaurant was created by Mary Sue Milliken and Susan Feniger. They had a Food Network show called The Two Hot Tamales when the network was still new. I still have some of their recipes. I would give this restaurant a must visit while in Las Vegas.
3	This place was cute but so overpriced.  Lunch for 8 was $600!!!!...  ridiculous.  Margaritas were really good except they were out of the organic ingredients for the organic margarita I ordered off the menu.  I had a house margarita and a Sangria margarita and they were both excellent.  Not sure worth the $29 price but they were good.Salsas were odd, it was a blend of 3 sauces.  The citrus/cilantro blend was good, the others were odd tomato pastey runny dips.  We ordered guac which was better than the salsas.I was disappointed by the menu to see nothing vegetarian, so I ordered the tostadas w/out the meat that it comes with.  They were pretty good.Service was terrible.  Our waiter was pushy, even convincing us to get margaritas to go to take w/us to the pool (he didn't mention we weren't supposed to take them into the pool area...  we had to smuggle them in).  It took forever to order and get the missing silverwear and then when someone in our group spilled water into one of our chip baskets it was a big ordeal to find someone to request (and then wait) for more.It was good light Mexican but I'm sure there's much better outside the hotel.  If you want to hang out by the pool this is the closest sit down place.
4	i think the only reason it's not getting that precious 5th star is due to the price.  i probably wouldn't have flinched at night, but for lunch it was a bit more than i'd planned on spending.  we were looking for something a bit less intense than what we'd been splurging on for dinner, without having to resort to the pitiful food court near the convention center.the food, however, was incredible.  we picked up some freshly prepared guac to go with our chips and 3 salsas (diverse and fresh tasting).  i had a mint mojito with cucumber-infused vodka (heaven, but i'm not sure when something ceases to be a mojito and is just "with mint and simple syrup" ;)i ordered a salad of the special menu that was full of tasty things. i can't even remember everything but i know there was rock shrimp and avocado, and ... grapefruit? and 100 other things i'd never put together in a salad but thoroughly enjoyed.  my husband raved about his tacos almost as much.  both dishes came highly recommended by the waiter, who clearly knew his way around the menu.along with all this good food was outdoor seating complete with misters--exactly what you need on a hot summer's day.
5	I've been to this place many times.  It's one of my favorite places to get food, hands down.  Unique blends of flavors - not your typical south of the border fare.  The mojitos are probably the best I've ever had.  They have one called the premier mojito - or is it the ultimate? - that is so smooth you question whether there's alcohol in it.  Then you stand up and realize how potent it is.  Two thumbs up.Try the turkey tostada.  Deeeeeeeeeelicious.
2	Seriously NOT impressed. $20 for nachos?! Yes, there were a lot of them, but still. Read the sentence again. TWENTY DOLLARS. For NACHOS. That's just wrong.And the green corn tamales were COLD. Maybe more like lukewarm, but still. Lukewarm tamales? Blech. Not to mention they were about as big as a person's thumbnail yet three of them cost $10.The only shining moment in this experience was the peach sangria, which was so good it made me want to cry. Extra star for that.
5	I have been there four times, and I love it.  It's authentic, regional cooking with a creative twist.  I always get a shredded chicken and tortilla casserole that is amazing.  The prices a somewhat higher than other non-hotel related restaurants.  Guess what, you are in a hotel.  Hotel restaurants will always cost more money due to the higher overhead.  The staff were attentive.  Last time, we had a very unattentive server.  This time, we were blessed with an exceptional server.  We appreciated the experience and the food.
5	Better than ever... food hasn't got a chance of tasting anything but fabulous when it's made with the love and heart that MS & S put into all their dishes...Great women.  Great restaurant.   Great friends.
3	Pretty good mexican food. I had the carnitas tacos and a margarita on the rocks. No complaints. BUT not worth 30 bucks either.
5	This is my FAVORITE Restaurant in Las Vegas.  My boyfriend and I came across it by accident as we were heading to the Shark Reef.  The food is fabulous and has such an array of different flavors.  The enchiladas and the carne asada quesadilla are to DIE for not to mention the watermelon lemonade!The service is fabulous and is located near the Shark Reef, away from all the hussle and bussle of the casino...and it is close by the pool as well.  Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!
3	I ate dinner here on September 27, 2008. I had heard about the restaurant from my boss, who said it was a must-visit during my trip (he'd only been to the Santa Monica restaurant).Great service.Food was ok. My boyfriend and I had eaten lunch at the Bellagio Buffet earlier in the day so we didn't get into the restaurant until around 10pm. Neither of us was very hungry, but we did need to eat something.We got guacamole for an appetizer. For the amount of guac, the appetizer was fairly overpriced. I've also made guacamole at home that was better than this stuff.My boyfriend got a quesadilla off of the appetizers section, which had chicken and several Mexican cheeses in it. He thought it was delicious.I got the watercress, avocado, and orange salad. I don't eat meat, and so my boyfriend ate the bacon off of the dates so that I could include them in the salad's taste profile (even though the bacon taste lingered...). I blame myself for completely not noticing that there was bacon in the description... so no blame with the server or kitchen there.The dressing was wayyyyy thick in the salad, to the point where I asked if they could make me a new one with dressing on the side. The dressing was also a very weird flavor profile. Lots of black pepper and sour/saltiness that just sort of overwhelmed everything else in the bite. I didn't even taste coriander, just sour/salty/peppery grossness.The server was very accommodating about the dressing, and had a new salad ready pretty fast.I had a delicious coconut lemonade, which was the highlight of the meal for me. My boyfriend had a watermelon mojito, which was ok, but he commented that the fresh mint was strangely overpowering the watermelon flavor, which he wasn't sure combined well with the mint.We also had the Tres Leches cake boxed up for us so we could eat it later, and it was delicious.
2	LUNCH  AT BORDER GRILL http://thesoloreviewer.blogspot.com/While I don't know who the "Too Hot Tamales" are, I do love Mexican food. I came for a early lunch hoping to snag a nice patio seat but quickly realized IBM and the Rodeo was in town and the restaurant was packed. I was forced to sit at the bar which doesn't bother me to much. I ordered one of there signature margaritas and the guacamole. Now as for the margarita, it sucked. Tasted like sugar water and defiantly not worth the hefty price tag they put on those "Signature" margaritas. One thing I hate the most is when bars feel the cup with ice to the very top so you get little drink. But anyways, onto the guacamole. Very fresh tasting and tasted like your normal guacamole. Nothing special nothing bad but a overall good dish! I went with there Border Classics dish which consists of two green corn tamales, two plantain empanadas, and two chicken panuchos. The green corn tamales weren't bad but not good. Where do they get the green from? It was basically cream corn inside and very little of it. The two plantains were good. Filled with smashed black beans and poblano peppers with cotija cheese on top. Had a nice kick to it which I like. Not to much cheese which a lot of mexican restaurants seem to do. Next were the chicken panuchos which were my favorite. Loaded with citrus roasted chicken, guacamole, and pickled onions all on top of a black bean stuffed tortillas. Now I was a little confused because the tortillas were just plain fried tortillas. Where the heck are the black beans? Maybe a fairy came a long and took my green and my black beans. Hmmm. But they were still good. The chicken cooked perfect with a nice citrus tasted that was really good and not over powering. Service was as good as you can get at a bar. Overall this place is nothing special and I think food network needs to keep some of there Chefs on TV and not in the kitchen.
3	A glass of mostly ice, cheap margarita mix and a rumor of tequila for $16?   Wow.   Only one bowl of tortilla chips?   Wow!   Border Grill, you might want to think a little more about giving your customers a little better service and value for the dollar.
4	If you're staying at Mandalay Bay and have already hit up Burger Bar and are looking for another casual *RELATIVELY* inexpensive spot (this is the strip after all people), this place is a good spot to try. Cucumber Mojtio: Yummy and refreshingPomegranate Mojito: Just eh.. kinda had a strong artificial cherry taste. Not recommended. Baja Ceviche: Fresh and plenty to share.Steak enchiladas ($23): Seemed to be an ongoing special of some kind (off the normal menu). Yummy steak with mole sauce.. very very good. If you aren't terribly hungry 2 could probably fill up on this + ceviche and chips making for a relatively inexpensive meal. I couldn't come close to finishing it by myself. Service was excellent. Bartenders were friendly. Best of all our waitress asked if we were locals and gave us a VIP card for 15% off everytime we come... every little bit helps in this pricey town!
5	In Vegas, where you have SUPER expensive, divine dining options (Joel R.) and VERY mediocre somewhat expensive dining options (say, Rain Forrest Cafe)... Border Grill is a VERY refreshing alternative. People complain about the prices, but considering all the other restaurants in that wing are $59 pre-fixe... it's all relative. Tucked a bit farther away towards the convention center, it was MUCH less crowded than other dining options in the area. Our service was excellent, and the food just as good as their location in Santa Monica, CA. The Sweet Corn Tamales and Ceviche were excellent. If I ever find myself back in Vegas, I will definitely go back here.
4	This place is good if you are not in the mood for a hoity toity restaurant at the Mandalay. You can pretty much taste the freshness with every bite. The meat is tender and the tortillasare made onsite (you can see the ladies making them.)Mmmmmm. tacos
3	Since Vegas has a habit of distorting one's time and reality (and sobriety), reviews should probably reflect that property. Off the bat, BG like most Vegas eateries is expensive, but the last renovation makes the place a bit nicer than in previous years. We've already established that my being from San Diego makes me a Mex food snob by default. I'm thinking BG falls more under the Tex-Mex category. If you're in Mandalay for a convention, BG's location can't be beat. I don't know where I'm going with this review.
3	Border Grill overlooks the Mandalay pools and is much better for drinks during the day than dinner at night. Granted, some of my biases are not the fault of the restaurant. Such as:1. Due to the economy, Mandalay in general and BG specifically were a ghost town this past Friday. It was kinda depressing.2. I prefer Mexican restaurants that are rundown, that serves you margaritas by the pitcher.However there are faults with the service and food of the actual restaurant:1. We ordered the Queso Fundido. Never got it.2. I asked for my margarita without salt. It of course came with salt.3. My scallops were very sour.
3	While at the conference, this was a convenient place to meet for lunch.The food is ok. The drinks are ok ... but nothing special.If you ask for water, they charge 50 cents a glass. We were surprised.
3	I'm not even sure what I had, okay?  It was some kind of smoked poblano pepper soup that was sheer awesome.  And a caeser.  And a couple of house margaritas (en the rocks). Nice joint. All said, this was a good way to start a romp down the strip.
2	This place just doesn't cut the mustard. It's too expensive, too crowded and just not that great. It's OK food. But really, I think it's pretty basic Mexican food served on nice plates with a higher price. I think two of us spent $40 for lunch, sharing something. Service is slow too. I'd love to stop in for a quick drink, late night, but it's always too swamped. I think they have a great location, which is why it's always too busy. They nickel and dime for everything in here, so don't order anything out of the ordinary. If the prices were 1/2 to 1/3 of what they charge, I'd return. Otherwise, no thanks. I do recommend T'n'T over at Luxor. That place was surprisingly good and I thought, much cheaper. I also recommend Isla at TI and Taqueria Canonita at The Venetian. Unfortunately, Margaritas at The Frontier is obviously gone, or I'd recommend that, as well. Anyway, keep looking, this place just isn't worth it.
3	Very good sangria margaritas, and chips and salsas are tasty. I found the food to be good, but if you're looking for what Californians traditionally  consider to be Mexican food, you may be thrown off. For example, I had beef brisket taquitos with a pineapple pico de gallo, refried black beans, and a red and green rice. My husband had some sort of pork in plantain leaves. So, definitely not your typical taco/burrito/quesadilla joint. That said, I think they're going for a more upscale vibe the likes of spots like Rosa Mexicano in NYC. While the food fits, the atmosphere is off for such a place, as there's no denying you're in a Vegas food court.
4	I can honestly say that while we were in Vegas we were treated alright in most of the restaurants, like most tourists, but here was different.  We were greeted by the manager, who was so friendly, he chatted with me about my passion for cooking and that I used to follow food television back before foodnetwork times.  Anyhow, I digress... What I am getting to is that this place felt like a hometown joint!  They service was great the food was delicious, the mojito was crisp and refreshing, and the dessert was AMAZING!  This place puts a new and fun spin on traditional, but the flavors were on point, and the whole experience was a blast!
2	So much on the menu here is just too needlessly expensive. Another victim of the "Hey it's Vegas, charge 75% more than that would cost anywhere else" mentality. In my opinion, you're better off hogging as many free chips as you can (the three salsas were well liked by everyone) and ordering a salad. That formula should get you full enough while being budget friendly. The salad I got was the Watercross, Avocado and Orange salad. It was delicious once I got rid of the avocado. It came with three bacon-wrapped dates stuffed with chorizo and blue cheese that created a flavor fiesta in my mouth. We had a nice outdoor table on a patio that overlooked the impressive Mandalay Bay pool. The restaurant is tucked in the very back of Mandalay Bay like it's some kind of ugly duckling.
3	Would have gotten 4 stars if we hadn't had the least attentive waiter in existence.  The food was really good.  I got the special Chicken empandas.  My dad got the skirt steak.  The empanadas had a good flavor, but the weren't as crispy as I had hoped.  My dad's skirt steak was fantastic.  The waiter did not pay attention to anything we said, and was inattentive to fill up drinks and take plates away.
3	The food here is actually very good. The girlfriend and I had carnitas and carne asada tacos. Both were really delicious and authentic...the carne asada in particular was very very good. Really tender and well marinated. Only downsides are really slow, inattentive service and obviously it's way overpriced (but that's expected in Vegas)
3	It is probably not corporate Border Grill's fault, but given that this restaurant is managed by Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino, where it is located, my primary complaint is that as a guest, one is charged $0.50 for TAP WATER.  Ok, it's only fifty cents, however, given how terrible the desert water is, it is a crime that a fee is charged for filtered tap water water, this should be done as a courtesy for guests.  We're not talking sparkling or bottled water here, it's plain water from the tap.  What's next, a fee for air conditioning?There is no mention of this charge on the menu, it just appears on ones bill.  While it is a nominal amount, my guess is that most guests overlook it, however, when one is charged $24.00 for three enchiladas, charging for tap water is borderline abuse.
4	Boarder grill has pretty good food, but I've had just ok meals there too. Considering the prices I'd expect every meal to be exceptional but I haven't been blown away every time. It's a special place for the wife and I so we do enjoy going. The drinks are pretty amazing and I leave stuffed every time. I suggest anything with steak in it and you can't go wrong. Not a fan of red meat? Go for the carnitas.
2	I've tried all kinds of mexican food from New Mexico, regular Mexico, back home in San Diego and many places in between. This is not any of that. This is crazy psuedo-mex from Miami or something. The only people they could fool are east-coasters and Las Vegas convention goers who get lured in by passing through all the time.Everything tasted like lime. The corn tortillas were a pasty, dry mess and terribly under salted or not salted whatsoever. It's hard to imagine a mexican place that can screw that up. The truth is, however, real mexicans could not have had anything to do with concocting the food served here. This place exists to sell cocktails and $6 lime ades. If you're going to eat at Mandalay, head over to Burger Bar not too far away. If you're looking for mexican, go elsewhere.
5	We had our wedding reception in a beautiful private room overlooking the patio.  The room holds about 60 sit down, and I think up to 80 stand up. We put down an 800$ dollar deposit, with a minimum of 4,000$, add on tax and tip and round up to about 5,100. They also have a smaller room that holds about 35 people for 3000$ minimum.  The banquet coordinator Jessica was unbelievably sweet and helpful.  She went above and beyond the call of duty. She helped me with everything.  I emailed her about a million times and talked with her at length about everything. Cake, food, rental, seating arrangements, flowers, and even suggestions of other vendors.  She helped me find rental chairs and she booked it under her business name and got me a cheaper rate. The Border Grill chairs are an orange-brownish color. I really wanted silver chairs. The rental chairs ran about 10$ dollars each, and Jessica got me her cheaper rate at about 8$ each. She also got me a speaker and microphone for about 50$ dollars cheaper. You don't really need a speaker if your best man is loud enough. Go through Jessica, she makes sure the rental's show up on time.I think she knows about getting a DJ as well.  I don't think a DJ is worth it. The Border Grill music is pipped in, the stereo system is awesome. It is kind of Jazzy, Latin music. They can also turn it off really quick when you have speeches.I had already booked my wedding cake with another vendor for about 500$. They add a cake cutting fee, I think 2$ per person. FYI...she is working with the chef on wedding cakes.  I think she said they would run about 170$ for 30 people, but don't quote me on that. She had no pictures, so I went with my first option.  Talk to her about cakes, see if they updated the website with pictures.  They have no hidden charges.  She sits with you on the phone tapping away at her calculator.  So you know exactly what things will cost.  She helped me with my choice of entrees and changes that I wanted with adding on different types of sauces and salads.  Their "Set Menu" are very flexible, and the prices are very reasonable...for Vegas. I got about 8 appetizer platters to pass around for cocktail half hour they run anywhere from 13$ to 50$.  I had two salad choices, a champagne toast and for the entrees I had  fish, skirt steak, and enchilada's.  About 65$ per person. Everyone raved about the food. I printed my own menu's, see pictures above. I wish that I had printed a drink menu of margarita's and sangria suggestions on the back of my menu's.  I don't think people took full advantage of the full bar and they mostly got wine and beer. So my total cost for 55 people with the ultra lavish food, tons of appetizers, champagne toast, full open bar and amazing rental chairs ran about 9000$ dollars. You can easily go thousands less depending on your guest count, food and rental needs. I also asked Jessica to charge my card for about 1000$ a month for four months so that I did not have a crazy bill on my wedding day. Don't worry, she really only needs the deposit to hold the room.  Layaway wedding...less stress.Also if you want to send favors, menu's and candles. Ship them to her office. She told me to send them to her, and I made the mistake of shipping all my boxes to The hotel room. Then they charged me 30$ to deliver to my room and then the hotel lost one of my boxes. Jessica walked over to the postal delivery room and talked with security and had him look through all of the boxes for me.  WOW, talk about above and beyond. Thank You. The lost box had my cake server set, thank God Jessica had a nice set to lend me.They do provide beautiful candles in an orange striped color glass, so if your colors match that then your set for the tables.  We had a beautiful wedding reception. It was magical. Worth every penny.
3	Dropped here after a conference, and it was well worth it.Good food, decent prices, big portions.Sangria & Watermelon soda were yummy, and good guacamole! Really, most of it is bad, this stuff was real.Portions were pretty big; 2 guys got the chicken quesadillas & couldn't finish. I had the ceviche trio, very good flavor. YUMMY plantains.
5	I had lunch here and had the best spicy rock shrimp tacos ever.  Huge portion with guacamole, jicama slaw, spicy sauce, refried beans (so good), red & green rice.  You could tell everything was fresh and made with high quality ingredients.  The mojito with mango chunks was good too.
3	This is one of the newer restaurants in the Mandalay Bay.   I guess you could call it upscale Mexican cuisine.    We started of with some cocktails, I had a margarita and my wife had a black cherry mojito, both were great.   We also got the queso fundido, which is like mexican fondue with chorizo, and it was delicious.   Had we only come in for drinks and apps I would probably be giving 5 stars.  But we stayed and ate dinner.On the servers advice, I had the smoked beef taquitos, they were okay, but they certainly were not $23 taquitos.   My wife ordered the fish tacos with crispy fish, they brought it with grilled fish, no biggie as my wife likes both.  This grilled fish however, was very bland.  You could taste char and little else.  The fish wasn't necessarily burnt, just flavorless so the little char that was there from the grill marks was overwhelming.  We asked for some extra hot salsa and it never showed up. $140 later, we realized that we should have stuck to drinks and apps.
2	I came here with a large group (15, which isn't that large for Vegas) and was underwhelmed. For a place like Vegas, full of so much good food, I would not waste my time at a restaurant like this again. First off, the service was bad. The food took FOREVER to come out of the kitchen, leaving us all to fill up on chips and guacamole. The salad that I ordered (The Mexican chopped, I believe) was anemically small and had very little corn in it. Also, the beans in it were Pinto, and I would have preferred black. I asked the waitress to substitute steak for chicken in the salad, and to please be sure that it was a lean cut of steak. She assured me that it would be a lean skirt steak, but the 5 small pieces of steak that came on my salad were FULL OF FAT and half of the pieces were BURNT. Conceptually, this is a cool restaurant, but the poor quality of the food at the Las Vegas location and slow service (my water glass was empty for half of the meal) make me hesitant to eat at a Border Grill ever again, even in Los Angeles.
4	I loved Border Grill in Santa Monica back in the day, so I was really excited to check this place out.  The plantain empanadas are irresistible.  I dunno though...overall not as wonderful as I remember Santa Monica being.  Still decent, but not a place I'd get excited about.
5	I am from San Diego and was looking for a good brunch spot in Vegas.  This was it!  The food was phenomenal and the service was outstanding.  The chef even came out to say hello and see how we liked everything.  The chilaquiles was the best I have ever had and  I never saw the bottom of my mimosa glass!  Everything is fresh and Organic.  I love it!
4	BLACK CHERRY MOJITO. yes! We ate here just a week ago on a Saturday night and the place was hoppin'. No doubt being located in the Mandalay Bay during a convention is going to pack this place whether it is good or not. But thankfully, this was time and money well spent.The black cherry mojito was a refreshing signature drink. I had the chicken enchiladas and ate the whole thing a long with some of my friend's tacos. Everything was delicious!The service was great and we even joined their locals discounts club which I'll actually come back and use. Be careful of the tortilla chips served at the beginning. They're really addictive and filling.If you manage to hang out at the Mandalay wave pool and float on the river all day... and then come here for a hearty meal. Your day is golden.
5	This is some of the best Mexican food I've had. Love the atmosphere especially in the warmer months when the patio by the pool is open.This is a must try when visiting Mandalay, a great alternative to the Beach Grill which also serves great American favorites
5	We came here for lunch on our first day in Vegas. FYI, the restaurant is a lil tough to navigate, so go towards the Shark Reef sign and you'll be there.This time, the remodeling was apparently done since last year so we got great terrace/patio seating outside.The ambiance was great and the food even better. I tried the chicken panuchos and loved the green and red rice, very tangy and seasoned. The guacamole and tortillas stuffed w/black beans make it more filling than the plate looks. Didn't have the energy and tolerance to break in my first drink at 102 degree weather, but settled for the pomegranate limeade, which was very delicious. Don't worry, I met my drink quota later that nite at Mandalay Place, hehe!But we really loved the patio seating. Great ventilation and overlooks the lazy river pool. I dunno, something about eating a nice Mexican meal while watching ppl float down the river in inner tubes that says "welcome to vegas." I'll be back, and definitely ask for the patio seating.
3	I ate here a while ago, I had a decent experience.  The food was ok, was pretty informal for the price we paid tho.  I remember sitting on some stools or high chairs towards the front of the restaurant. Overall, I feel like I could of ate better food and had better atmosphere at a cheaper Mexican restaurant.  I would come here again tho, and give it another try.
4	I really, really loved Border Grill and wanted to give them 5 stars, however they charge $1 for water (that is filtered tap water, but all restaurants are required to have filtered tap water, so its silly). The restaurant is really pretty inside and reminds me a bit of Frontera Grill in Chicago. We went for lunch and I had guac as an appetizer which was very, very good. The three salsas and chips were great too. My husband had steak tacos and enjoyed them and I had the chicken chiquilles which were good but had too many chip and not enough chicken. My red and green rice was very good too. Now as far as deserts go, we had the two half slice desert. We choose the Mexican chocolate cake which I wouldn't pick again and the banana cream pie which was OUT OF THIS WORLD. Our server was good and I would definitely go back and try something else.
5	I'm basing this on only one experience at lunch, but it was excellent!I was having lunch by myself at the end of a weekend with friends in vegas before heading to airport, and decided to hit Border Grill since I hadn't been there before and it was close (we stayed at THEhotel).  At the server's suggestion, I had the daily special chicken and fruit salad.   I had been thinking I was in the mood for more traditional mexican, but he spoke so highly of the salad that I went with his recommendation.   And, I was SO glad i did! It had a great combination of flavors - peaches, nectarines, mangoes, black cherries, spicy sunflower seeds, marinated chicken, and boston lettuce all with an apricot jalapeno dressing.   YUM!  The service was also very attentive, with multiple folks checking up on me regularly.  It was only one experience, but based on that one time, I will certainly try it again next time I'm in vegas.   I hope they add that salad to their normal menu!
3	Eating at Border Grill while in Las Vegas seems to be a choice centered more around necessity than the desire to eat there. Oh, Stripsteak is full up for the night? You mean I can't get a table at Fleur de Lys? Well I don't want to eat at the buffet again...screw it, let's go to Border Grill. It is not that the food is bad, or the decor lacking, it's just well, ordinary. The prices are Vegas prices...no not $5.99 prime rib Vegas prices... more like $23 fish tacos Vegas prices. Not exactly the best value for a quick and casual sit down dining experience. We decided to come here because well, we had reservations at Aureole that we missed because I unfortunately had to keep working about 2 hours past the time I was set to take a dinner break. So what was a 2.5 hour dinner break turned into about 40 minutes to eat something fast. Since this location is close to the convention center at Mandalay Bay, and they have an area in the bar where you can eat quickly, we settled on this.The food was good, but not great. Thankfully the server was attentive and when we told her we were in a bit of a hurry, she was certain to speed things up for us. Overall, our dining experience was not disappointing but it would certainly not be my first choice for a nice sit down dinner at the Mandalay Bay hotel.
5	First, off I don't understand the negative reviews this place gets.  I loved it for lunch!  We sat outside on the patio and it was nice to watch folks at the pool and enjoying the scene of the great beach and pool area Mandalay Bay has.Food wise I really liked it.  I'll be first to say I have no clue what real Mexican food is so I can't say if this even comes close.  However, walking into it I knew it would be different than the Mexican we have in Atlanta.We started out with Queso Fundido and it was good.  Very much different than the Queso i'm use to.  But, good none the less.  Also, got Pomegranate Halibut Ceviche.  OK this was to die for.  I loved the flavor the Ceviche had.  As for Lunch I had Steak Nachos and they were very good and filling.  Again everything was very different than I'm use to but, very good if you know this ahead of going.We got Ceviche, Queso, 2 Nachos, Cochinita Pibil, Chicken Adobo Quesadilla, and a few drinks we split the tab and each of us paid $37.63 with tip included.
3	Decent, authentic Mexican food at a fairly reasonable price - for Vegas. The staff was extremely sweet and helpful in finding a way for me to sit outside when they were full for the afternoon. Getting a little creative, they gave me my food and margarita to-go and let me sit in their currently closed outdoor downstairs seating area. The green chili tamales were good although a bit undercooked and the chips with various salsa accompaniments were all fairly flavorful. I wasn't blown away by the food but the overall experience would push me to return should I find myself at the Mandalay Bay again mid-day.
4	The ambiance is just OK, but I had the Cochinita Pibil and it was fabulous.  The menu description says "Achiote Pork roasted in a banana leaf".  Think tender pork with a hint of banana.  It may sound odd but I recommend it.
2	Overpriced and Overrated. This was some of the most boring Mexican food I've ever had and on top of it I paid too much. We ate here for New Years and did not do the prix fixe. The chips were good, but overall the salsa was boring. One of them was smoked, which has a really good taste to it. The $14 Cadillac Margarita, was weak and tasted like it was mixed with Lemon-Lime Gatorade and crap tequila. Couldn't even taste the Grand Marnier that was allegedly included. For the meal, I had the skirt steak. It came out lukewarm at best and was undercoooked (I ordered medium) but I ate it anyways. Not impressed, the meat was nice and tender but also pretty tasteless. If you're looking for good Mexi in Vegas, get off the strip and head down to Viva Michoacan in Henderson for some good food.
4	I've been going to Border Grill for a few years and they have really improved over the years! They have a new look, new menu and new chef...very good Mexican food! A bit pricey...it's Vegas!
5	THE best mexican food I've ever had.
2	I had lunch there on February 13, 2010 and was left extremely dissapointing.I have watched the Two Hot Tamales cook for almost 15 years.  When I heard they had a restaurant at the Mandalay Bay, I was excited to finally taste their food.  My reservation was made 1 month ahead.When I arrived there I was not impressed by the restaurant, however I was there for the food, so my husband and I ordered the queso fundillo, I had the enchiladas poblanas and my husband had the carnitas, plus we each had a beer.   we thought it was a bit pricey, however a few months ago we went to Fronteras Grill in Chicago, the restaurant that belongs to Rick Bayless and there we spent over $140 for the 2 of us and it was one of the best meals I have ever had.  So when I saw the similar prices, I was excited.  When we got the queso fundido, I must say it was just ok.  Then we received our entrees.  What a dissapointment.  My enchiladas were bland, small for the $20 price tag, no side dishes, just 3 very skinny enchiladas.  My husband's $23 carnitas were ordinary, again no side dishes, just the meat with 1 flour tortilla.  My husband said to me, now we don't have to visit Ciudad, their LA restaurant, this food sucks.  This restaurant is not in the same level as Fronteras Grill in Chicago, or even Bobby Flay.  I can honestly say, very dissapointing 2 hot tamales, you dropped the ball and you lost a 15 year fan.  I even have their cookbooks, what a dissapointment.  For those of you looking for somewhere good to eat in Vegas, there are so many great restaurant, including Fleur de Lys, also located at the Mandalay Bay, don't waste a great meal opportunity here.
5	Honestly the best mexican food I've ever had. Chips and Salsa spot on with flavor, always eat as much as I can when it comes to that. I've tried the skirt steak. Mouth watering tender marinated skirt steak. Although they we're good, I've fallen in love with the breaded fish tacos. They look small, once they arrive but they will fill you up.Everything that hits the plate, hits your mouth and tastebuds with flavor. Been to this restaurant about three times and it's great everytime. On top of that, they make their own tortillas! If ever you're in the Mandalay Bay and looking for great food try Border Grill. It's a very good restaurant that's hip. Owned by the Too Hot Tamales! They also have a decent size cantina. Overall restaurant is very clean and service isn't too bad but could use a little bit of improvement.
3	Have been coming here on and off for years.  Border Shakers are among the best margarita's I have had (particularly for on the rocks margaritas), pricey but very good with fresh ingredients, like the lime juice.I have found the food hit and miss here - some very good things like the tamales and cochinita pibil, and some very big misses like the tortilla soup and traditional flat layered enchiladas.All in all a decent place, but inconsistent in terms of some good items, and others that miss the mark, and one never knows if what they order will be one or the other, unless you only stick to tried and true items.
5	Border Grill stems from the Border Grill and Ciudad restuarant owners based in Santa Monica/LA.  There is a reason why another one was asked to open in Las vegas, same reason why any  other famous restuarant opens another flagship place in LV, bc it's DAMN GOOD.  Border Grill delivers.  I typically think mexican food is best served from a whole in a wall near the border with a questionably stolen grade A sign and full of grease fat and hot sauce.  However, this is one of the few upscale Mexican places I think pulls off delicous and unique yet tasteful dishes.  We got the sampler appeititizer which is the way to go if you want ot try a little bit of many things Border grill has to offer- including the famous Food Network's Too hot Tamales- which YES are very very good.  All the food is fresh and has a great upscale spin to the flavors.  Along with the view of Mandalay's pools, you sort of feel that you are smack in the middle of a Mexician riveria.  I think one major reason why I am SUCH a big Fan of Susan Feniger and her restuarants are the politics and community involvement she always has.  She doesn't just cook and make delicous food, but she is active in the food industry in its current revolution.  She makes an effort to be responsible to the enviroment and its resources by using organic or sustainble ingredients.  She is currently offering special priced dinner in LA where a portion of profits go to Scleroderma research.  She constantly offers moderate/affordable pricing to her food (like participating in Dine LA)- even in Vegas where every other restuarant is inflatted to Disneylandesque prices.  Best of all, she is an LGBT chef that always supports her local LGBT communties.   Ive never seen a chef so involved in her work that continues to care and give back.   It makes you feel like all she wants is to have her customers enjoy food and life as much as she does.
3	Border Grill is located in Mandalay Bay, just down the hall from the wedding chapel.When I visited, my friends wanted to sit outside on the patio.  One plus is the patio outside is completely covered.  It's almost like a room with just the one wall to the outside missing.  So you get the breeze and the fresh air, but still feel like you're slightly indoors.  Also, the patio overlooks a pool with a stage and you can enjoy whatever live music may be playing.Another plus is their menu has a lot of different and interesting items from which to choose.  I ordered chicken panuchos, which is black bean stuffed tortillas with chicken.  I've never seen black beans stuffed into the middle of a tortilla before, so that gave it a nice twist.  But unfortunately, the chicken was very dry.  I had to add A LOT of salsa to give it some moistness.   A couple of negatives.  The restaurant has this weird policy that they bring you their special filtered water and pour your glasses, and if they refill your glasses - then they charge you extra.  It's stated on their menu, but the problem I have is - why even bring the water without asking if the table wants it?  And the waiter didn't fill one of the glasses full, and although the person never touched the water - he filled it up to the top when he returned.  This meant we would have been charged, when he never even filled it all the way to begin with!  Sneaky?  You be the judge.The other negative is, there is no restroom on site.  You have to go somewhere downstairs, which is a little ways to walk.  Instead, I went down the hall to the wedding chapel.  If you don't make eye contact with the receptionist, you can go in and the restroom is right there at the entrance :)
2	My recent visit to Border Grill was not as positive as my previous visits. My first review was based on a few trips to the establishment, which were great experiences. Since then, they have remodeled and things within have changed. In my first review I mentioned that the service could use a little improvement. The service in my opinion has taken a step forward. The food didn't taste the same.This establishment has changed. What I used to, widely regard as the best Mexican food I've ever had, no longer is. The service takes a step forward while the food takes a step back. The skirt steak, still tender but was a little saltier than I remember, smaller portion of steak too. I had the citrus chicken burrito, which my waiter recommended as the best item on the menu. It wasn't the best item!!! The fish tacos are still the best item they have to offer. Which I had a little bit of. The beer battered chicken strips, was terrible for the kids menu.I'm very upset with my latest experience at the Border Grill. I can't say I would go back, next time I'm in vegas. The experience was very unsatisfying. Adding brunch menu probably not the best idea.
2	2.5 starsThis was another restaurant on the last trip to Vegas that really wasn't anything too special -- but priced as though it were. It certainly was ok -- chips were fresh and warm -- though the salsas weren't anything to get excited about. Fish tacos were good, but hardly memorable -- and their standard Margarita tasted all fakey fake.
2	Our experience was dissapointing.   The wait staff was not very responsive, our food was just OK and the menu selection was too creative without the basics that we were expecting.   For example, our kids just wanted some basic tacos and there were none on the kids' menu, we had to order them some appetizers to share instead.    The prices are pretty high for what you get and the food was just OK.   Other than the fact that is was convenient in the Mandalay Bay which is where we were staying, I would opt for something else next time.
4	It was only lunch and we were really just out for a nice poolside meal.  The waitress was so darn nice and accommodating, though, that she deserves a special call-out.  Nice work, Alicia! The kitchen went out of their way to make me a custom ceviche without shellfish, and that was really cool.  They could have just said no and sold me my second choice (at a higher price), but they went the extra mile and that also deserves a call-out.Great chips, great ceviche, a beautiful day on a nice patio watching beautiful girls by the pool...with my beautiful wife at my side.  What could be better?
4	I freakin LOVE this place! Try the portabello mushroom mulitas - decadent and delicious!!!! Not too expensive either (for Vegas prices) and the food is so good that any costs are well worth it. I saw a bloody mary with chile infused vodka on the menu that I must try next time!! Great atmosphere, good chips & salsa and friendly waitstaff. I highly recommend!
5	While it's owned by two celebrity chefs and is a gorgeous room inside a SoCal Hipster Hotel, we found Border Grill to be unpretentious with outstanding service on every visit. The margaritas are potent, and the food isn't heavy. While i was here entertaining clients, I'd come back here and spend my own money.
4	Food was great!  My compliments to the Chef, and our Server was very pleasant as well.
4	Sunday brunch on the patio, before hitting the pools. For $24.95 I got: huevos rancheros, a fruit plate, pastry basket, AND bottomless mimosas!And yes, we took full advantage of the term bottomless! I had 4 and my boyfriend had 5 before we went down to mandalay beach for a day in the sun. My huevos rancheros were good, not the best I've ever had, but still quite tasty. My boyfriend had chicken enchiladas from the same $24.95 brunch menu and they were great, I loved the flavor of the guajillo sauce. I've been here once before with friends for margaritas and apps before a concert, but I'd say brunch is way better! check it out!http://www.bordergrill.com/PDF/BGLV_Brunch_Flyer_0310_Flyer.pdf
5	Planned a large dinner party for a work event at Border Grill for the 2nd year in a row.  After spending hours in a trade show hall, it's nice to dine out on the patio! :)  Great service, great prices and super tasty food!  I would recommend the skirt steak and their guac rocks.  Had dinner on Tues and then lunch again on Thurs. Love this place.
4	I came to this Border Grill a few years ago and pretty much hated it.  So I avoided the chain all together until this past weekend.  My fiance and I were staying at the Four Seasons and wanted to have lunch outside within close proximity to our pool.  We sucked it up and went to Border Grill.  My fiance had a hackerin' for some ceviche and I really wanted a cocktail with lunch.  They had a special Spring menu chalk full of goodies.  We started out with two lemon blueberry mojitos and shared the ceviche.  The mojitos were one of the best I have had.  It was a perfect call from the waiter.  As for the ceviche we couldn't get enough of it.  There was nothing left.  To complete our lunch we split their Chicken Panuchos.  They're like mini harsh shell tacos.  The tortillas of the tacos are stuff with black beans and then fried.  Of course this was devoured.  This dining experience has changed my opinion completely about the Border Grill chain.
4	Not too bad of a spot for decent Mexican food at our hotel. I'm currently staying at Mandalay Bay for the Interop 2010 tradeshow. Our first day on the floor for setup, we stopped here to grab some lunch. Main reason why I'm giving this place 4-Stars? The tortilla chips and salsa they serve before we order our entrees. Mmmmm mmmm yum! Chips were delicious! They had the right amount of salt and crunch to em! I ordered the rock shrimp tacos with jicama slaw. Really really yum, it also came out with red and green rice. I might have to stop by here again for lunch today since it's gonna be another long workday at the booth.
4	I am giving Border Grill 4 stars because I paid $25 for a $75 dollar meal thanks to Restaurant.com. Border Grill is waaaaaaay overpriced, but when you take 50 bucks off the bill it starts looking like a deal. So lets focus on the flavor shall we? I had a delicious Mango Margarita to start. I ordered the Kobe Beef Tacos and hubby ordered the short ribs. I have to tell you I LOVED eating off of Hubby's plate. I ordered tacos because HELLO we are at a Mexican place, but the short ribs were DIVINE! I can't wait to return and order a plate for myself. The tacos were very good, but nothing in comparison. We ended up sharing both and enjoying the company around us. The staff was very attentive and always offering more alcohol or appetizers to the point of almost annoying, but still better than the alternative.
4	We were staying at mandalay and we weren't sure where we wanted to eat and saw this place. It was a little late so we got right in, sat outside and view of the beautiful pool. We had the house margaritas which were delicious!! Their salsa was good, hot sauce was hot (obviously) and wasn't that good. My friend and I shared the quesadilla. I dont eat meat and she does so we got it half chicken half not and let me tell you, delicious! I know its not hard to make a good quesadilla, but really, like the best quesadilla ever. The tortilla was soo good that they used i dont know if its hand made, but yumm, along with the cheese, like the best cheese ever. My friend said the best chicken she has ever had, we were big fans! We were with a group and no one had any complaints. Would go back.
5	The Border Grill took great care of us and our 50 guests for our May wedding. We rented the north side dining room and patio. The weather was mid-80s so the 7:30 pm ceremony and reception were outside...beautiful, perfect and plenty of room!We supplied the decorations the morning of the wedding, and Gracious and the staff decorated for us. Talk about awesome ~ It allowed us more sun time at the pool with our friends and family! Autumn and the crew were attentive and fun. The food was delicious. We selected a variety of passed appetizers. It was a great way to sample a bunch of different bites while mingling. Dessert note: The tres leches cake is a must ~ so amazing!The whole event was easy and relaxing. We highly recommend Border Grill for someone looking for a classy yet laid-back wedding and reception venue.
1	Very, very bad.  Dinner at Border Grill was so incredibly bad.  We chose it as a somewhat affordable option with what would probably a solid menu of known Mexican staples.  The prices seemed high, but we were tired and hungry and didn't want to go far.I am not a woman of the most discerning taste.  I love a good sloppy enchilada so I'm not a refined foodie.  The food at Border Grill was so bad that I actually considered complaining that I shouldn't even have to pay my bill.  In the end we sucked it up as a loss because we were too tired to deal with a wait staff that had already proven themselves to be less than adequate.
4	I don't even remember what my main meal was, but I know I was happy with the salsa and guacamole. Since these are the two staples that I used to judge any Mexican restaurant, I would have to say that this place is definitely at least 3.5 stars. I also appreciated that all the waitstaff dressed up for Halloween, and we had a lovely nun serving us lunch.
4	came here after a night of going out with the girls. and boy was it the perfect fix to a night out. we got seated promptly upstairs overlooking the pool. the weather was perfect! so if you're out in vegas during the summer i recommend coming here. i had the chiles rellenos and it was delicious. the peach lemonade was also very tasty, i tasted my gfs' bloody mary and it was spicy and yummy. everyone else was happy with their shrimp tacos and the salsas and chips were good. but maybe the hangover was feeding us much more then we could taste. overall great experience and loved the service and food. will be back.
5	i love chef susan feniger...i love watching her on top chef masters...and i love that she is a strong lesbian in high ranking in the culinary world.  we need more of you chef feniger!!!  this was our last foodie stop on our trip before we headed out to the airport...and my oh my, we weren't disappointed with our experience.  we were 45 minutes late for our reservation.  we called to let them know but instead of having a cow, they sat us right away when we got there, with a smile...stating that she was saving a table for us.  woowee...and i thought we were going to get yelled at.  haha. anyhoo, if you want water, they charge you 50 cents each person.  they don't serve tap water here...so don't be surprised when you see that extra charge on your check! so we started off with the ceviche duo..wifey and i were split on that dish.  i loved the orange habanero ceviche while she liked the baja ceviche better.  both were extremely refreshing and hit the palate like WOW.  oh!  wifey also ordered a watermelon lemonade...DELISH!!!  for our entrees, wifey had the mexicana breakfast off the brunch menu...and i had the grilled skirt steak and eggs...also off the brunch menu.  these items go for 19.99 and include a side of fruit and pastries.  both of our dishes were cooked PERFECTLY...so freakin perfectly that even the eggs were delicious!  and seriously, how often do you hear people say that their eggs are delicious?  the tortilla that came with my dish was definitely homemade...the best tortilla i have ever had!  BUT...the best item i had at border grill today...was the GUAVA CREAM EMPANADA.  yes!  you heard me right...fresh out of the oven...they were apparently a little behind on pastries so this item came out towards the end of our meal. (btw, the service was just average...but good enough to not dock any stars)  saved the best for last right?  everything about it was perfect...the flakiness...the creaminess of the hmm...cream?  and the flavor...omg...the guava just took over my taste buds!  i've never had anything like it before...and sadly, i must go all the way back to vegas to have it again...sigh.wonderful...everything was just wonderful...i can't compare border grill to any other mexican place i've eaten at...it's just some serious gourmet mexican food that is untouchable...i can't wait to go back!!!
2	If I could sum up my visit in one word, it would be disappointed.  We accidentally found this restaurant while sight seeing and was pleasantly surprised because we had seen Top Chef Masters and her food looked great.  We ordered the Baja Ceviche, Fish Tacos, and the Kobe Beef Tacos.  The ceviche was good but nothing memorable.  We thought that it would get better but I found the tacos to be average and lacking flavor.  It definitely needed a bit more of a kick to it.
5	love this place
5	First off, Boarder Grill has the coldest bottled beer my wife and I had to drink during our entire time in Las Vegas.  Our waitress took the time to completly describe every peice of food prior us making our order and seemed totally interested in whether we enjoyed it or not.  The service was great and the food was even better.  I'm a pretty picky eater and I would not have been so adventerous if it wouldn't have been for our great waitress.   The Ultimate Border Grill Experience * only $42 per person! three course dinner including our amazing appetizer sampler, your choice of any signature entree above, and your choice of any homemade dessert.APPETIZER SAMPLERGreen Corn Tamalesthree sweet corn tamales * sour cream * salsa fresca 10Plantain Empanadasroasted plantains * black beans * poblano peppers * cotija cheese 9Kobe Beef Sopesguajillo chile marinated kobe beef * corn masa "little boats" * mango red cabbage mint slaw 14ENTREEGrilled Skirt Steakroasted corn relish * black beans * seasonal salad * handmade flour tortilla 27.DESSERTChocolate Cake
4	I didn't know Susan Feniger was at Mandalay!! I saw her face plastered on the wall next to Hubert and Rick advertising their restaurants at the hotel. Decided to go to her restaurant to try it out. Seated outside and served freshly made chips and salsas. YUM. The tomatillo salsa is sooo good! Opted for the Machaca Chilaquiles off the Brunch Menu. The machaca was perfect. Flavors melded well together. They forgot to bring out our pastries and fruits (comes with Brunch) but then I told our server and she packed them up so I could take to-go. Our server was Jaime. She was really nice but overall service was slow. Good thing I was on Hawaiian time and didn't care. I was happily basking in the Las Vegas sun :)
3	First time I ate here couple of years ago it was 5 stars worth. I just came by last weekend and it's definitely not as good as it use to be. Made a big mistake of ordering the prefixed menu chosen by the chef and it was awful. Most of the food was dry and the chicken was rubber. Have no idea what's happened to this restaurant. The only reason I gave it 3 stars this time is due to Manuel (our waiter) and the great Margaritas. Not sure if I'll be back again.
5	Phenomenal Restaurant!!!I have returned to the Border Grill numerous times and my experiences could not get any better. The  Pescado Veracruz is to die for.  Every meal I have eaten there has been perfect. The servers are attentive and knowledgeable and a manager has come by my table every time to ensure I am satisfied.  This is an A+ operation and my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas.
4	WHOO HOO - another Top Chef Master restaurant to try.  I loved Susan Feniger on the show - her food looked inventive.  Stopped for a quick lunch - had the steak salad and my husband had the Plantain Empanadas and Green Corn Tamales.  The chips and salsa were a bit too good, should have not eaten so many!   The corn tamales were fresh and delicious.  The steak Salad was delicious - I really tried to only pick out the steak because I ate too many chips.....cooked perfectly and flavorful.  The Empanadas were not only delicious but we took some back to our room and ate them later that night - Never had anything like them, they were like a dessert.    I will have to go back (to the Santa Monica location) and try some of the Steak Tacos.  I don't typically LOVE Mexican food but I love this style of Mexican food.  It's cleaner and flavorful.  Wish I could exert better self control with the chips and salsa....
5	I live In San Francisco and I came here for my Aries weekend bday party and to my surprise I actually loved this place. IThe food was great  differentChef Mike even came out and took a photo w/ us . We loved the empenada's . The cocktails were strong which is a must in Vegas cause you need to have one in your hand at all times. We had a great dining and drinking exp. Would go back in a heartbeat actually I wish I was in Vegas right now with the food and  a drink in hand oh well back to work lol
4	Didn't actually succeed in my first attempt to eat here, I tried to come in near close on a Thursday and was turned away at 9:55 which would have been fine if my buddy had not called in to say we were arriving and the person who answered the phone said that they were staying open till 10.  To make matters worse, the hostess was not present at her station and even when she finally came, she proceeded to chat away for a couple minutes before noticing that we were just standing there.  Off the strip, I wouldn't be surprised, on the strip, completely unacceptable, -1 star.Second attempt, I had the grilled fillet and shrimp enchilada.  Excellent dish, a little salty, but otherwise a powerful combo with the cayenne sauce supporting the milder flavors of the enchilada and the lobster sauce an excellent contrast to the fillet.  Peach lemonade, love the added carbonation, might I suggest an iced tea version? We started with the Top chef appetizer, a nice trio with shrimp in some sort of dark sauce (political statement on Gulf?), assorted greens, and a breaded something (can't exactly remember what the filler was).  The portions were skimpy, I'm a big eater.  Pineapple upside down cake, OK, nothing spectacular, standard cake with pineapple mixed in with pineapple ice cream.
4	Great place for an excellent lunch! After spending a little too long on the lazy river at Mandalay Beach and floating by the sign one too many times we decided that the Border Grill would be the perfect place for lunch!To start the fresh chips and salsa were great although the salsa verde had a strange after taste that we couldn't place and made for a weird lingering on the palate. This salsa bad enough to take away a star!We started with the Border Classics on suggestion from a fellow yelper that the Plantain Empanadas were a must. The Border Classic is a sampler platter consisting of 2 Plantain Empanadas, 2 Green Corn Tamales, and 2 Chicken Panuchos. The Plantain Empanadas were amazing both sweet and savory all at once and a hint of Queso Fresco in every bite. The Green Corn Tamales almost brought tears to my eyes because they were the first sweet corn tamale that has ever come close to the ones my Great Aunt used to make me when I was a kid! As for the Chicken Panuchos my wife Bogarted those because she hated the other two choices, but her loss was definitely my gain!For a main dish we went with the Albacore Avocado Ceviche which did not disappoint! It was half an avocado pilled high with sushi-grade albacore and a decadent lime-salsa mixture! The only thing that was missing was a spicy kick to top of the flavor combinations.To top it off the waitress we had was super attentive, knew the menu by heart, and even warned us not to over order when we tried to add another entree to our order before we had even seen the appetizers. We will definitely be back to the Border Grill!
4	I had lunch and dinner here during my stay at Mandalay Bay.  Border Grill is home of one of the top chef masters (but what Vegas restaurant isn't right?).  Everything is home made in the restaurant and fresh.  We tried the guacamole both times and it was so yummy.  We ordered Margaritas and the red wine sangria.  For lunch we split the pork carnitas (shredded pork) and it came with rice and black beans.  The pork was cooked well, but it wasn't shredded but cubed.  I thought it would have been shredded already.  Besides that, it was very good.  For dinner we each had the skirt steak and that came with beans, tomato and cucumber salad, and an amazingly delicious handmade tortilla.  The steak was cooked and seasoned well.  The sides (salad and beans) were awesome!  But the best part of it was actually the handmade tortilla.  When you wrapped the steak, beans, and tomato in the tortilla that really made it.  The ambiance was so-so, they need to figure out how to give it a better atmosphere.  The lights were too bright and the way the dining room was set up was awkward.  The prices were a bit higher than I care to spend at any Mexican restaurant, but its Vegas.  I'd go back for lunch or dinner if I am in the Mandalay Bay hotel again.
3	We wanted to try out Dick's Last Resort, but it was a little crowded, so we bee lined for this restaurant. I love Mexican food, just a heads up.....the Cadillac Margarita was small and not very strong, although made with fresh lime juice, so it's very refreshing. ($14.00) The chips are made with the tortillas there, you can tell, and they are really good......their fresh tortilla were amazing.....seriously some of the best I have ever tried. The Vegetarian Black Beans were great, the cheese is like a feta cheese, not my favorite, but my GF liked it a lot. Her BF ordered the Nachos, and they were just a huge portion size and very very good. The Shrimp Tacos were not too good in my opinion. Just difficult to eat, not a very good sauce and just not very good in general. The Fish Tacos, according to my friend were the best she ever had! My bean and cheese burrito was only $4.00 compared to their $16.00 meals, so I was very happy with it. Very filling, and just make sure you order it with Black Beans, cause I got the re fried beans the first time around and I didn't think they were very good. The salsa they have there is delicious. They are not cheap about it either, they keep it coming. The service was just OK though.
4	Great place for delicious mexican food.  I had lunch here today and have had dinner here about 3 or 4 times even before Susan Feniger was on Top Chef Masters but now I have a better idea of why the food is so good!  I had the shrimp fajita tacos on their specials menu.  Delicious!  The shrimp were so juicy with a hint of spice.  We also had the pork tacos which were also amazing.  The pork is cooked for 3-4 hours which makes it very tender.  We also had the chicken enchiladas and fish tacos.  If you like spicy ask for the diablo sauce which is a habanero salsa.  The specialty drinks are dangerously good.  Sometimes they have the pozole soup on special which is amazing.  Pretty much if you are craving anything mexican, you can't go wrong here!
5	Went back tonight for dinner with some good friends and it was delicious!!!     We started with the Baja Ceviche and the Scallops with Peruvian potatoes for our appetizers.   I had the Chicken Tinga Empanadas which I loved.  My friends had the fish tacos and corn tamales.  We all left very full and extremely satisfied.  The servers were wonderful, always there to refill our drinks and see how we were doing even though it was a busy Saturday night.  I would recommend this place to locals as well as visitors to Las Vegas.  I have watched Top Chef Susan Feniger and love that I am able to go to her restaurant here locally.  Each time I have gone I have had different selections from the menu and I am never disappointed.
5	Another excellent meal.  The scallop special was incredible. The manager Sylvia was extremely friendly and came over to our table to inquired about our meals.   The service was excellent espically during a packed house on fight night.  Border Grill gets another A+
1	The first time I went here I had called ahead and found out they closed at 10 I showed up at like 9:50 the hostess had a few friends hugged and chit chatted with them while my buddy and I stood there. A few minutes later she asks if I'm there to eat, I tell her I am, and then she says oh well we stopped seating at 9:45...Let alone the fact that no one was manning the hostess both so we stood there before she showed up and started reminiscing with friends for a few minutes before that. Worst economic recession in over 50 years and we've started closing early?So we go the next week. Get some Filet with lobster sauced enchiladas, and I mean, the food was so salty that if my dad were to eat it he'd go into Heart Failure. Worse than that our appetizer had some little potato food thing the size of a quarter, and two shrimp. Not worth it! Our server was nice and the salsa for the chips and dip is pretty good, but for a mexicanesque restaurant you need better than good salsa and appetizers that fill an infant to get on my good graces. Also hostess staff and all staff have to realize that you don't close until customers stop coming.
3	The Skinny: underseasoning with odd textures do not make a good combination (2), service - shout-out to Dale our server... for him, the service rates a (5), value - it's expensive because the food just isn't that great. (2).I'm torn about what to say about this place.Went to dinner with my hubby last night and came armed with a Restaurant.com coupon. They do have a VIP club for locals but the Restaurant.com coupon offers a better discount than 15% off the check.Just to say, the service is amazing! Shout-out to Dale our waiter who was a whirlwind but still took the time to ensure that we were well looked after. He introduced the menu to us and ensured that we got the most of our experience. Our water glasses were full and our food was served in a timely manner. While our food was okay, I saw him deal with an unhappy customer who didn't like her dish. He took the food back right away without question and apologized because he recommended it. Kudos to Dale!Okay, on to the food.My husband ordered the Border Grill Experience which was $42 for 3 courses which included an appetizer sampler, a steak dish with quesadilla, and tres leches cake. I, being less hungry, just ordered an chicken enchiladas for $26.The chips were perhaps a little overcooked for our tastes. The salsas in general lacked salt and acidity (I like the flavour of lime to come through). Of the four we received the chipotle and the diablo salsas were the only two that seemed to be seasoned properly.The appetizer plate came with a plantain empanada, a taquito, and a corn tamale. The plantain empanada had great flavour but poor texture from sitting underneath a sauce for a little too long - it really killed the crispiness of a empanada. The taquitos were nice but were a little on the bland side. The corn tamale had the taste and texture of creamed corn. It was one big, hot, gummy mess - a big miss for me.The steak entree was good - the marinated tomatoes, cucumber and avocado had a nice acidity that cut through the richness of the beef. The steak itself was a rather large portion which we took part of it home. The accompanying quesadilla however was a little too strong on the cheese flavour for me but had a nice crispness to it.My enchiladas were good but yet again a little blander than what I was expecting. Overall, they could have used some more of the filling as well. The combination of chicken, corn, and peppers was ok - not outsanding.The tres leches cake had the correct flavours but had difficulties with texture. The sponge was right but wasn't luxuriously drenched in a lovely milk all the way through. So the result was the bottom layers were nice but the top layers were a little on the dry side.Overall, there are a lot of issues at Border Grill with regards to execution. Normally, I would have given this place a two however in light of our excellent service, I bumped it up to a three.
4	My wife and I really enjoyed this place. Food is kind of expensive but well worth it.   We ate here twice and would again. No complaints. We would love to have the border grill in our home town.
4	If you've read my reviews, than you know I am a huge critic when it comes to Mexican food. So of course when I heard the name "Border Grill" I rolled my eyes and expected to have the worst dinner of my life...Surprise, Surprise! I was WRONG. Yes I said it, for once I was wrong. The food was actually very satisfying. Great flavors, nothing dry or overcooked. A little different than what I am used to in terms of cooking style but nonetheless a very good meal. Customer service was also excellent. Loved our waiter. And even though they were out of the drink I wanted to try (the berry paloma) the other drink I tried was very good.So, overall not the best in Vegas but definitely not the worst...
3	I've been wanting to try the Border Grill in LA for the longest time.  But I was in Las Vegas for the weekend staying at Mandalay Bay, and there was a Border Grill at the Mandalay!  So me and my friends decided to give it a try.  I'm not a Vegas person at all since I don't like to gamble.  So I was just there for the pool, drinks and food!  Susan Feniger of the Two Hot Tamales is the mastermind of Border Grill.  I've heard a lot of great things about it, so I was very excited to try it out!We started out with the Cadillac margaritas and guacamole and chips.  I like my margaritas on the rocks no salt.  The waiter delivered mine with salt.  No biggie, I just wiped the salt away.The guacamole was okay.  It was a bit on the creamy side for my taste.   I prefer guacamole on the chunky side.  One of my friends just loved the guac.I decided to order one of the specials for the evening, which was highly recommended by our waiter.  It was tuna encrusted with pistachio served over a pobalno risotto topped with a jicama slaw.  My other two friends ordered the chile relleno and the pork slowly cooked in banana leaves.  The tuna was way overcooked.  So overcooked that it was dry.  The waiter when explaining the special said it was cooked medium (slightly pink).  The risotto was also a big disappointment.  Some parts seemed like it wasn't cooked enough.  My dish was a big disappointment.  Also, my meal wish lukewarm at best.  It seemed like it was sitting out for a while.  I should've returned it after the first bite but I didn't since I had a second cadillac margarita to wash it down.My friend's meals were way better than mine.  The chile relleno was very good.  But I thought the best meal was the pork slowly cooked in banana leaves.  It was cooked perfectly and great flavor.For dessert we shared the empanadas stuffed with dark chocolate, milk chocolate, and white chocolate.  And we also shared the homemade ice cream, a scoop of vanilla bean, and a scoop of kahlua chip.  The dessert was the best part of the meal for me, unfortunately.  I really wanted to love Border Grill.  But my tuna special was a big disappointment.  I may give it a second try...this time checking out the LA restaurant.
4	I was really excited to eat here, after discovering that Border Grill uses organic meats and is listed on restaurants.com!My mom and I had the Sangria Suprema (and for $11) we didn't think it was very suprema.  My  BF and bro had the watermelon lemonade.  They loved it, drank it in 5 minutes, and were sad that there were no refills.  We ordered the pre-fixe dinners.  Next time I'm going to eat the Plaintain Empanadas, the green corn tamales and the short ribs.  We all thought, that of everything, those were the stand-outs.Mexican Choloate cream pie and banana cream pie went down veeerrryyyyyyyyyyyy easy also.  I would definitely return.The manager was super friendly and our server Autumn knew her stuff.
3	I had ordered the tortilla soup because I am a big (huge) fan of tortilla soup. And I have to say that it felt that the soup was maybe chilled? It was really chunky. I liked it but it was more spicy than anything. I couldn't finish the whole thing. I didn't like it. The soup itself was good because it was thick and not brothy. I liked it. I had then the chicken quesadilla and I have to say that this was enough for just an entree. It was large. Others had the carne and said it was delicious too. Overall, the food was decent but I wouldn't go back for the food. I'd go back for the service. Our service was amazing.
4	Went here because it was close to the Project convention at the time.  The decor and service were good.  The place overlooks the Mandalay Bay pool which is gorgeous.The chips and three salsas were tasty.The skirt steak was good but pricey @ $24 (for lunch).  My girlfriend had the fish tacos which were about $15 and they were good too.  This place is better than Tacos & Tequila @ Luxor which happens to be ranked higher than this place on Yelp.  I'd go here again for lunch if I was in the area.
1	I was starving when I showed up here so I figured anything I ordered would taste good.  I ordered the blueberry pancakes with jalapeno bacon brunch.  On the menu it said that it was served with a basket of fruits and pastries.   I never received my fruits and pastries. When the pancakes arrived I was very disappointed in the COLD BACON.  I mean, COLD.  Could they not even microwave it?  Also, I was not given the option of adding my own syrup, the pancakes were already drowning in syrup.  I don't like that much syrup, but the waitress disappeared, never to be seen again until she dropped off the check later.  There was so much syrup on my pancakes that the top pancake literally disintegrated.  I tried to eat some but it kept triggering my gag reflex.   I ate some of my husband's food, hoping the waitress would come back and I could order something else.  Finally, I gave up and pulled out the middle pancake and ate it because it wasn't quite so wet.  When the waitress finally came back, I complained about the pancakes and she scowled.  She didn't offer to bring me something else, or refund my money, or, I don't know, maybe bring out the pastries and fruit that were promised to me on the menu!  I didn't feel like I had the right to really press the issue because I had already eaten about a third of it.  To add insult to injury, that pile of crap cost me TWENTY DOLLARS.  My husband was embarrassed that he had been talking that place up to me.  It's a week later and I'm still feel nauseated every time I think about those nasty, nasty pancakes and that cold bacon.  There are too many good restaurants in Vegas to put up with crap like this.  SKIP IT!
5	We recently hit up Ciudad (Susan Feniger's DTLA restaurant) and felt it was imperative we try Border Grill the restaurant before we meet the food truck bearing the same name. Got hooked up on Restaurants.com for a wickedly good deal. Check before you go anywhere new!Located inside Mandalay Bay, all the way on the remote ass side by the convention center and the pool, is Border Grill. Sorta feels like a reject location since you pass like 18 sub-par restaurants on the way there. Anyway...we sat on the patio despite it being 100+ degrees at 7:30 pm. They have the biggest ceiling fan in the world (it seems) and the patio faces Mandalay's pool so if they're having a concert, you can hear it for free AND enjoy your food! Service was amazing from the waitress (Thank you Alicia!) down to the busboys/water people. Basically Border Grill offers fancified Mexican/Central/South American foods...a slight fusion if you wish. I HAD to order the Sweet Tea Vodka Arnold Palmer drink. They make their own lemonade AND infused vodka with black tea leaves?! Delicious. We snacked on fresh (and perfectly crunchy) chips with three different types of salsa. We ordered guacamole as our appetizer not anticipating we would be getting more appetizers with our meal. Guacamole was perfectly seasoned, no sour cream or mayo or whatever some places put in it...just perfect. We probably ate 3 baskets of chips. Chose the Top Chef prix fixe dinner. Basically it comes with a preset trio appetizer and your choice of any entree and any dessert on the entire menu, including specials. MOST excellent! Appetizer Trio- Sweet corn tamal, Beef Brisket taquito and a black bean+plantain+cheese empanada. Almost full at this point but so eagerly anticipating my Pistachio crusted Ahi with Poblano risotto that I actually have the foresight to save room!I was kinda wary about the pistachio tuna but thought it was so out of the box for me that it couldn't possibly be ruined. And it wasn't. The only thing was that they stressed that the tuna would be lightly seared, but I received it fully cooked through, possibly even slightly overdone. But somehow it maintained its moisture and it was incredibly delicious. Banana flan. As if flan could be better? Wow...somehow I found room for this in my stretched-thin stomach. Beautiful meal.
5	We found this restaurant because there was a coupon in my Las Vegas Advisor coupon book - and boy was i glad we did! The best meal of our trip, hands down. We came for lunch - we ate the Chicken Enchiladas and the Banana Leaf Wrapped Pork. Hands down, the best Enchiladas I have had. And the guac was yum yum yummy! We sat on the patio, overlooking to pools which was nice. The waiter was friendly and attentive. With the coupon, lunch came out to about $30 total - awesome! I would go again. :)
4	After a long day of travel & convention set-up I was hungry & looking for some yummy eats. After an underwhelming culinary experience at the last hotel I stayed at (um a Toby Keith tribute bar is all you got? Really?) it was a pleasant change of pace to be in s hotel with multiple options.I initially chose BG because I was thinking chips & a margarita would be the ultimate treat but after perusing the menu I settled on a black cherry mojito instead. The chips were amazing & crisp and I never once regretted my decision to sit on the patio. It overlooks the Mandalay Beach and the sight of palm trees, desert sky & a warm breeze was awesome. My drink arrived and didn't disappoint: slightly sweet syrup + fizz + mint = delicious! I decided on the grilled fish tacos and they arrived less than 10 minutes after I ordered, a definite plus since I was starving. The tacos themselves were delicious, the fish wasn't oily, the veggies were fresh and it was all topped off with a creamy sauce. I picked at the slightly underdone rice and suspiciously black as night beans and luckily had kept the chip basket to keep munching as I ate dinner.Staff was friendly & very accomodating, my server was nice and offered her suggestions (hello mojito!) to make for a very enjoyable meal. I never felt abandoned or neglected & for those who dine solo this can sometimes be an issue. Thanks for a nice evening Vegas I'll never go back to that faux country western music video hell again!
2	2 stars....and barely. Por que... Por queI had no idea this place was associated with Cuidad which is better. But this place is a major let down. Food is very average. I had the poblano enchiladas... kinda of dry... nothing special. Other people at my table had similar uninspired food.  The location is poor, down a convention center hallway away from the action and the people watching. The patio overlooks the pool but during the summer it is hot as balls... and that kinda of defeats the purpose. The rest of the inside decor is blahThe real problem with this place is it is an absolute terrible value. Not the worst Mexican food but priced like a fine dining establishment with average food and decor. El Torito Mexican food a chain is just as good if not better. They also charge for WATER! What! Overall I really hated this place, but cant give it one star because the food is average.
3	The food was amazing. I had a sirloin steak with cactus and some sort of weird quesadilla thing. It was weird, but good weird. It was the best dinner my husband and I had in Vegas during our stay. This place would get 5 stars, but the customer service sucked. I think we saw our waitress a total of four times. One of the wait staff constantly bumped my partner's chair during our meal everytime he walked by. The server who brought our food out did not know which table it went to, and so he just kind of wandered from table to table as it was rejected by customers. Then, as I had just finished and my partner had just a few bites left, the server picks my plate up and then stands there staring at my partner waiting for him to eat his last few bites. My partner takes his sweet time to savor the last few bites, while this server is literally standing a few feet away watching my partner. WTF? I have never seen anything like that before, so yeah, customer service  was not hot.
5	When I'm in Vegas Border Grill (inside the Mandalay Bay) is one of my favorite places to eat, which is why I am so surprised by it's rating.  The food, service and atmosphere are all fantastic. In my opinion, whoever gave this place less than four stars doesn't know what great Mexican food tastes like and should stick to chain restaurants like El Toritos.    The staff at BG is amazing. Everyone is friendly and welcoming from the moment you check in. We love to sit in Jamie's section because she is friendly, very attentive and full of energy. She is also very knowledgeable about the menu and how the items are prepared. She goes above and beyond to make sure we are happy. We never feel rushed or pushed to leave so that they can turn the table. That's rare at most restaurants in Vegas.  When you first arrive at your table you are welcomed with a basket of fresh  homemade tortilla chip and a trio of homemade salsas. Its a great way to start your evening. I love to order the guacamole as well. Its chunky, thick and simply delicious.  As far as drinks are concerned, I have tried many of them and have yet to be unhappy with a single one. The selection of mixed drinks are fabulous. I am, however, a big fan of the red sangria. Its just the right mix of wine and juice and it goes well with the chips and guacamole.  If you are in the mood to try a Border Grill culinary feast then I highly recommend you order the Ultimate Border Grill Experience. You get a trio of appetizers, an entree of your choice, and then a dessert of your choice. You really cant go wrong with this deal!  My ABSOLUTE favorite dish on the menu is the BBQ beef short ribs. They are wickedly delicious and mouth watering good.  The ribs are so tender that they fall apart and melt in your mouth.  The BBQ sauce has just enough kick to it, but isn't overpowering. The ribs are served atop a creamy corn polenta that is to die for.  I sometimes crave the dish... which, I must say, is worth driving to Vegas for.  Dessert is my thing and honestly you can't go wrong with any of the desserts on the menu. I have tried many of them and I haven't been disappointed yet.  Border Grill is definitely worth going to while in Vegas!!
5	The Border Grill in Mandalay Bay is perhaps my favorite upscale Mexican restaurant.  The food and drink specials are always amazing and a great choice. The last time we went, we got the queso fundido which I couldn't get enough of and for my main course, I got some very tasty taquitos.  One thing that sets the Border Grill apart from your run of the mill Mexican restaurant is the sophistication of the flavors.   They are always light, fresh, and delicious.
5	Great food!!  My wife and i were delightfully surprised.  Fish tacos were very good - the slaw made the taco.  The quesadillas very fantastic.  Excellent staff, efficient service.  Leave room for dessert because the four piece sampler was awesome!
4	This restaurant wins the award for the best fish tacos I have ever eaten! Had lunch here. The prices are on the high side, but the food is worth it. Had the grilled fish tacos that are made with a cucumber citrus slaw on homemade corn tortillas and served with black beans and both red and green rice. So ridiculously yummy and very filling. Should have stopped after two tacos, but they were so good I had to eat all three. The Watermelon Mojito, on the other hand, was a different story - very disappointing. It didn't taste like watermelon. Maybe if you closed your eyes and tried really hard, you could taste a very faint hint of it, but otherwise not really.
5	I have been here a few more times since my last review and it's still the same great quality every time I go!  It's been remodeled so the place is nice and new.We came around lunch time on a Thursday and we were seated right away.  The waitress and staff were SO friendly, definitely the best service that I received on my trip.We ordered their famous watermelon lemonade and peach lemonade and both were GREAT!  The watermelon one is a little better though.  They do pour you distilled water and they leave the carafe at your table so you can refill your water if you need to.  But they charge for it tough...it was only a $1.00 if I remember correctly so it's not a big deal.We ordered the guacamole, tortilla soup, green tamales, and an order of their steak enchiladas.  Everything was FANTASTIC!  The food is so flavorful and they use fresh and exotic ingredients.  Also the waitress knew that we were splitting everything so she had everything split into two dishes...a really nice touch.The bill wasn't cheap though.  I think we spent around $85.00 including tip but it was well worth it.  I love you Border Grill!!!
5	Came here for dinner last Friday and it's so improved from last time! Everything was PERFECT! From the staff to the drinks to the food, it was all superb! First of all, Rachel (our waitress) Chris and Destiny were all attentive and very helpful. We had the following... Guacamole with chips and salsa Ribeye Empanadas Chile Relleno Ahi Tar Tar Blood Orange Ginger Margaritas Vodka B----- (can't recall the name but so refreshing) :-) Everything was perfect. I am salivating every time I think of the Tuna Tar Tar and that yummy green sauce it was served with. Although this was the best meal we had in a long time and we were stuffed, we decided to finish it off with Tres Leches. I never had anything that good. I will absolutely be back here every time I am back in Vegas. I highly recommend the Border Grill for anyone that wants a great meal and service. They have seating inside and outside and it's equally good for groups as it is for romantic dinners. Thank you Border Grill for a GREAT experience! Keep up the GREAT work!!! :-)
2	silly me went to the reef aquarium at mandalay bay . which is good . while buying my admission ticket i was given a free coupoun for a free maragretia drink with my dinner. so i was like ok i will try this over priced mexican resturant.  oh snap this place is a rip off. while waiting a long time for my free drink which wasnt very good i ran out of salsa and one of the bus boys aksed me if i want gaucolmole so i said yes thinking it was free dip. like the old saying goes theres a sucker born ever minute and im living proof of that. they hustled me in a resturant . i still cant believe i got coned . the gaucolmole was $ 9.00 plus tax . my bill came out $ 25.89 including tax . it should of dawned on me why  on a saturday about 6:00 p.m. when i left the place it wasnt crowded and less then  half full. the food was good but not worth double the price of planet hollywood. i said to myself before i even went to this hotel i wasnt going to eat there because its so expensive.... " note to john P.  -------- follow john P.'s advice and eat denny's instead of this highway robbery  "
5	Delicious! Best Mexican food I've ever had. Usually celebrity chef restaurants under deliver but Susan Feniger's Border Grill is amazing! I got the special of the day turkey in mole, it was soooo good! The quesadilla was so flavorful as was the mole sauce. I will definitely remember this meal.
5	The wife and I went to Border Grill a few days ago with a Restaurant.com $25 gift certificate.The restaurant was pleasant and the servers very welcoming and friendly.We ordered plantain and black bean empanadas to share for an appetizer. These were really delicious, you could really taste the plantains. I could sit on my sofa at home and eat thirty of these things.For the main course, I ordered the Carnitas which were tasty, though I would have preferred them in Tacos. I know I was taking a little risk ordering differently from usual. The carnitas came with some small, fluffy tortillas and a variety of fixin's - pico de gallo (which was a little sour), a slaw of some sort, guacamole, and a little salad of chopped red onion and cilantro. Overall it was very good, though I'd probably order more in line with my usual preferences next time.My wife had the Mushroom Mulita which she enjoyed very much, although I'll let her go into that in greater detail when she writes her own review.We had enjoyed our experience here so much that we were tempted into dessert. Something I really like about Border Grill is they let you get half slices of two of the dessert options for $9 as an alternative to a whole slice of one of them for $8. This lets you try two different things.  We went with the Flourless Chocolate Truffle Cake - absolutely melt-in-your-mouth incredible, and the Pastel Rufina, a sort of cream cheese cake in puff pastry and topped with profiterole-like objects. This came accompanied with an attractively arranged display of fresh berries. The Pastel Rufina, even for a half slice, was enormous and we couldn't finish the thing between the two of us. I'd hate to have to finish off a full sized slice!While Border Grill is a little on the expensive side, the restaurant.com coupon really brings it down into the realms of casual affordability. The food here is prepared with a deft hand and is really delicious. I can't wait to try the lunch options!
3	The five of us decided to come here for a lunch get together before one of our friend leaves to Hawaii.Chips and 3 types of salsa:  Man hold up!  Green salsa in my cup!  I usually shy away from green salsa since it is usually tasteless.  Not here...we ask for more.  Green Salsa: 5 starsGuacamole ($9)-Nothing special.  Just plain guac.  I like guac with sundried tomatoes.  2 starsGreen Corn Tamales ($10)-I thought the tamalito was the bomb, this is super yummy too!  I made this appetizer my entree!!!  It came with a side of sour cream and pico de gallo, but I didn't even need it.  Plain is good for me!!  5 stars!!!Duo Ceviche ($15)-two types of ceviche, baja and peruvian on one plate, but they share one thing in common...PLAIN.  2 starsAchiote Chicken Caesar Salad ($15)-chicken was juicy. 3 starsSpicy Shrimp Tacos ($19)-chipotle shrimp...but my friend expressed that it tasted like butt cheeks.  She hated it.  I tasted it and even though I don't know what butt cheeks taste like, I know that I won't be eating anymore of this shrimp.  She gave it 1 starMachaca Chilaquiles-brisket, crispy tortilla chips, cheese, eggs, onions, roasted peppers, all mixed together in a pile.  Because this is brunch, my friend got a plate of fresh fruit, cream cheese pastry and a sticky bun. He gave this 5 stars.  I agree.Service was wonderful, but as you can see, the number of stars given to each particular dish fluctuates.
4	Yes, this place is expensive but get a Restaurant.com coupon and go cuz it's good!Trust me - get the portobello mushroom entree. My friend who "didn't like mushrooms" was transformed with one bite. The green salsa (unlike typical green salsas) is bright and so delicious. Guacamole is great. Drinks are good. Attentive & friendly staff.
4	My husband and I decided to give this place a try for lunch. The chips were warm and salty- yum, the trio of salsas weren't bad, they could have been in bigger containers though. On to the menu, which isn't vast but we made do. I ordered the flat iron steak strips: it comes with corn relish, cucumber and tomato with pickle red onion salad, and what seems to be puree black beans. This comes with a pipping hot freshly made tortilla that's huge. It was yummy the meat well seasoned, I order medium well and it was a little pinker than usual but still great. The husband who isn't a steak lover got the carne asada tacos which came with pickled onions, guacamole, and beans with two kinds of rice. All of which he killed in seconds- I take it he liked it. For lunch its kinda pricey our meal came to $60 including tax and tip, which only consisted of two entrees. This was a spur of the moment trip that was well worth it.
3	We used to love Border Grill. Our last experience was poor. We ordered the Tortilla Soup. The base seemed to have too much tomato and the cheese was a bit chewy. We were also disappointed with the crab nachos. There was only a bit of crab (seemingly like 1/8 of a cup). It is more of a garnish, not an actual component of the dish.
5	I know Border Grill from Santa Monica, so I knew the food would be good. I was surprised how it seemed even better in Vegas. We got the ceasar salad, the skirt steak and the grilled fish tacos and every bite was amazing. We had a waiter, Jimmy, who treated us like we were fine dining and took care of us with such care even though I know he was busy. This Border Grill experience had that out for dinner, special vibe because of the food, service and decor. Impressive! I don't think it's a 2 money sign place though. It's more expensive than that. I did bring a www.restaurant.com coupon for $25 off which makes it more fun.
4	Great food - starting with the chips and salsa. My wife loved the green tomatillo salsa and couldn't get enough.  We had Tortilla Soup and Chicken Tinga Empanadas as appetizers which were both excellent.  Our entrees were the Carnitas and the Beef Brisket Taquitos.  Both were excellent.  The guacamole was excellent as well.  The beans and rice were just ok.The portions were generous, and the chips and salsa good, such that we didn't have any room for dessert.With a drink each, an appetizer each, and an entree each the bill was around $90.  Not cheap, but it's Vegas on the strip.  :)
3	I love (!) Susan Feniger, but it seems like the price-gouging in Vegas turned this place into a yawn.  Way overrated for upscale Mexican, but still an okay meal if you are stuck (nay, trapped) in the Mandalay Bay and need to eat.I still can't fathom why restaurants get away with $9 tableside guacamole service out of the cost of 50 cents worth of ingredients.  I should just hand over $10 bucks, have them punch me in the face and then tell them to keep the change.  Guac was perfectly fine, but not for $9.  Crab nachos were a good sized portion, but light on the crab.  Again, no surprise given that this place is stingy when it comes to the good ingredients.  Carnitas tacos were tender and succulent, but ridiculous at $17.  They were literally $2 taco truck tacos.  Mango margarita was delectable at the time, but not memorable.I don't know, kids.  Maybe I'm old and grumpy, but I don't feel like I'm any stingier with my dough.  I just want to pay out the gills if the food will absolutely warrant it because it's going to blow my mind.  Border Grill didn't blow my mind so much as my pay check.  I'm over it.
5	The food was excellent. I tried the cranberry mojito and it was so good.
4	Border Grill is a must when visiting Las Vegas. Reservations are recommended especially during holidays and conventions. The restaurant is clean and services excellent. At the top of our list of must have's are the Grilled Skirt Steak and their Shrimp entree (don't remember the name). The steak is cooked to perfection and the shrimp are always tender, never over cooked or over spiced. If you are like me too much salt is a bad thing. The Chef will not add salt to your dish if you ask. No problems there.The three sample salsa & chip dish they give you is the best. The guacamole is also a must have. Always fresh and tasty.
4	Pricey Mexican.  But best  guac i have ever had and the steak salad there is a sight to behold.  Nice pool view.  Worth trying
4	My mom & I treated ourselves on a trip to Las Vegas this past fall, and it was so worth it. The service was top notch. Our server was forthcoming with recommendations and extremely sweet. The drinks were to die for delicious and our food was divine. I had a pork belly dish (the special - can't recall the name) and my mom had the Green Chicken Poblano Enchiladas. Both were delicious, though I slightly preferred the enchiladas. This was my first time at a Susan Feniger/Mary Sue Milliken restaurant and I was completely satisfied. I also loved that the restaurant overlooks the beautiful Mandalay Bay pool area. Really nice atmosphere.
4	My first experience there was terrible, but this is a great company and they made it right for us in a big way. We were treated like VIP's the second time around and the food was awesome. I can't think of better Mexican food that I've ever had. It is still a little pricey I think, but this is a capitalist country right. They can charge what they want if the food is great and it is.
2	I went to Border Grill the 1/30, but was full from House of Blues earlier in the day.  This probably had an affect on my review, but nonetheless.Ordered: Ice Water-  Nice touch.. they pour it from a bottle.  Felt very classy!Tortilla Soup -  What the hell is this.  I don't believe its $9 !  I rather have Campbells soup than your Tortilla Soup.  It must have came from a can!Chips w/ Guacamole-  mmm-Good!  The Chips are complimentary and you have to pay for the Guac, but it's totally worth it! However, if you do not favor chucks of white onion; I must advice you to stay away.The soup killed it for me.  I'll be back to review this place one day when I'm hungry and I have no choice, but to eat here (this will never happen).
3	I was lucky enough to go to the Santa Monica Border Grill back in 1995 while I was visiting some friends in L.A., and was blown away by it. I was at a conference in Las Vegas this last week, and I was happy to see that there was an outpost of the Border Grill there as well - of course I had to try it.I went during lunch one day, and had the guac to start, followed by the chicken chilaquiles. Whenever I am in Mexico, I try to eat chilaquiles for breakfast, so I was pleased to see them on the menu (even though it was lunch time). The chips were cooked well, but were RIDICULOUSLY salty. I though that maybe I had just received a bottom of the basket set (or something like that), so I asked for some new ones, but those were amazingly salty as well. Once I dusted a large amount of salt off the chips, though, they were good, as was the guacamole. The flavors were nicely blended, and they didn't skimp on the onion.The chilaquiles were a disappointment, though. They were the "green" version (as opposed to red or, more rarely, mole chilaquiles), and the green salsa was very acidic. I like the flavor of tomatillos, but these almost tasted underripe, which made for a weird flavor mix with the queso fresco and the corn tortillas. The chicken in the dish came in big chunks of dry white meat, and didn't taste like it had been cooked with the rest of the chilaquiles ingredients at all.  It was very disappointing. For comparison, I was comped a free breakfast buffet at the Wynn, where they had what they called chilaquiles with eggs (really, it was more like a chilaquiles/migas hybrid) - the flavor profile of that dish was much more authentic than what I had at Border Grill. I know that people think highly of the Wynn buffet, but still, when the food at a restaurant that prides itself on authenticity is beaten by a buffet offering, that's a bad sign.I'll hang on to my good memories of the Border Grill in Santa Monica, but I won't be going back to the Vegas one again.
5	What a great meal we just enjoyed at the Border Grill in Mandalay Bay.  We are local to Las Vegas, and like the Border Grill because you can get in and out of the place without having to valet park or use the garage, so its convenient for locals.  That is just one of the benefits, the food has always been great but tonight we had a tasting menu and we were very impressed.I had the Fillet and my wife had the scallops as the main course, but the appetizer and deserts were just as amazing.  The price is very fair - locals ask about the VIP discount plan.  Great enjoyable place.  Check it out.
5	Our experience at the Border Grill was excellent!!!  This is definite must go in VEGAS!!!! This is the #1 spot the food is great and the watermelon margarita is very refreshing and tasty totally recommend this place
4	....Was here last weekend.  PLantain empanadas and tamales were as good as last time. The beef was better the first time.  Staff was still pleasant and I know I'll be back. All things considered for Vegas food, this place still remains a good value for the food you get and the unpretentiousness.
4	The food here is good, and the presentation of our meals were kind of fancy.  Everyone at my table really liked their meal.  The atmosphere is just okay, but I heard they have outdoor seating?  I wish I would've known!  I love sitting outside.  Food and atmosphere gets a 4 out of five star rating.I have a lot to say about the cocktails, I'd give them a 3/5 rating.. maybe a 2.  I came here with my husband's family and I knew I was in for a pretty boring dinner.  Might as well have a couple martinis to make the visit more bearable!  The espresso martini tastes amazing, I had two of them.  They had a very spicey southwest taste to them that was fantastic and unusual, but WTF, where's the alcohol?!  I usually am pretty comfortably buzzed after two martinis but I didn't feel any love from the two I had here at Border Grill.  I sat through the rest of my dinner and day with the inlaws totally SOBER and pissed off about it.  They lose a star for being stingy with the alcohol.
4	Got into Vegas on a Sunday night and came here because my boyfriend had been here for during the holiday season and just loved it. It was a great place, took us a min to find in the Mandalay hotel but once we did we were pleased. Sat immediately with smiling faces and sat at a nice table. The decor was contemporary, I loved the glassware. Chips and salsa were good but could've been better (salsas just weren't to my liking-personal preference) they were too...um...watery? I like thick/chunky salsas but then again maybe it was good so I didn't fill up on them because the chicken quesadilla I ordered was great, my boyfriend ordered the beef tacos, delicious! had cadillac margaritas too...can't have mexican food without a margarita! :)We'd definitely go back.
4	10.15.10We got to meet Susan Feniger!Thanks to our friend, whom I fondly named Mama Ry, we got a comp meal at Border Grill (so this may be a bit biased).Fresh guac to go with crunchy, crispy chips.  Bacon wrapped dates.  Skirt steak.  Plus many other dishes (see photos).Like!
4	Our waiter was very friendly and accommodating. We received a gluten free menu, as well as warm tortillas and salsa (our waiter said he didn't trust the chips to be gluten free). We ordered Peruvian Ceviche. Unfortunately, we unknowingly ordered what appeared to be an appetizer. It was still delicious, just not very filling. It was good, but not amazing considering how pricy it is. Will go back again when I have the money :)
5	Home to the best Sunday brunch in Vegas. Chef Mike's menu is full of goodness. Try the guava empandas, skirt steak and eggs, and the shrimp BLT, which is to die for. There's a reason why my friends and I spotted a celebrity chef at this restaurant, which also offers a great outdoor dining area.
3	Headline: WOAH!  HOW MUCH????It's the opening day of the MMS 2011 conference, and I'm being a booth babe at the Splunk booth (if you are here - stop by and say hi).  We decided to take a wander to see what deliciousness awaits us in this gastronomic wonderland that is the strip.  Not wanting to stray too far from the Expo Hall, we settled on the Border Grill, which - the sign will tell you - was featured on Top Chef Masters, or at least the chef was, or something like that.So I was expecting top notch food - after all, that's what you would expect from someone who has been featured on Top Chef Masters.  Alas, the fame must have gotten to her head - either that or she has decided to quit her day job, because the food was really average.But we are getting ahead of ourselves.  First off, where is it - It's in the Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino complex, relatively near to the convention center.  The atmosphere can only be described as "the same as the rest of the place - hectic, frantic, please I just want a quiet place to eat lunch!"  The efficient staff poured us water into the cute wine glasses (I'd prefer a bigger glass and some ice, personally - alas, it was not to be).  After a while, we ordered - I ordered some nice guacamole and a Chicken Poblano Torta with fries.  Nothing special - just the basics.We got the chips - cold - and three different types of salsa, in bowls so shallow that we could hardly scoop.  Nice enough, but very very average.  Then the guacamole came.  Ok - this stuff is a little bit above the average, but you want HOW MUCH for this Guacamole?  NINE BUCKS?  Seriously underwhelmed here.  Maybe we are being punished for not being comped.The Poblano Chicken Torta was alright - average.  The chicken was well cooked, and the poblano was spicy, so it was a good sandwich, but you want HOW MUCH for this sandwich?  It isn't really a Torta, so we'll call it a sandwich from now on.  $19 for that?  Oh, and the fries were cold as well.Seriously, folks, if this is the best that a Top Chef Master can do, I'm disappointed.  I can get this quality from somewhere else for quarter of the cost and still be satisfied.
3	3.5 starsconsidering this place is in lv...and is one of the top chef master's restaurants..i'll say it wasn't disappointing. I started off with the homemade white peach lemonade which was really refreshing, with the right amount of sweetness and tartness! so glad i got it. they give you complementary chips and 3 diff kinds of salsas yayyyy OH and the seating outside is overlooking the mandalay bay pool area= GORGEOUSSSSS i got the special of the day: tecate pork torta= satisfying and hearty. generous portion of pork and this kind of cabbage slaw thing with fries sprinkled with some kind of pepper...maybe cayenne? 'twas pricey...but i guess it was worth it. i would probably come back for happy hour or margheritasp.s. i tried the food truck in la which i enjoyed...and i know there's a location in santa monica...maybe MAYBE i'll go again
3	This is a strong 3, but not quite 4. Still pretty good. I stopped here the last day of my stay in Vegas, after walking past every day of the previous 4, and thinking it looked nice. And it was.I had the shrimp and chorizo taquitos, which were tasty but a little schizophrenic. The shrimp and chorizo was an odd (but good) combination, even if neither are particularly strong, but the three taquitos were served "glued" to the plate by some good tangy guac...topped with a sweet lobster cream sauce...and then with a vinegar dressed cabbage salad with roasted corn. Lots of stuff going on here, and all of it is good, but it's a lot of fighting flavors. Not that I didn't eat all of it, mind you. That wasn't a problem.I will say their outdoor patio is nice - I was there on a very nice day, and it was really pleasant to sit outside, look out over the pool, and watch nearly tame finches dart amongst the tables, swooping in to grab the tortilla chips I kept tossing on the ground, and anything people left behind at the table for anything more than a microsecond. I found myself very contented. If I was back, and I was close, I would probably go back for a nothing special type of meal when I want up for anything requiring more effort. But I don't know if it'd make a journey for it, especially considering everything else I've eaten this week.
2	I've got to add Border Grill to my list of Top Chef Masters restaurants that disappoint. It joins a couple other spots I've had the misfortune of visiting: Zentan by Susur Lee in Washington DC and RIck Moonen's RM Seafood Room here in Vegas. I've been to Border Grill three times now and either the quality has slipped or my expectations have risen because with each visit I leave less satisfied.We decided to come here for a family night out -- yup, we had the kid in tow and were looking for a family-friendly spot that would make him happy and have good enough food to make us happy. They get points for having a kids menu (and they also have a gluten-free menu for anyone looking for that). Unfortunately, the food didn't thrill any of us.The plantain empanadas ($9) are filled with a mixture of roasted plantains, black beans, poblano peppers and cotija cheese. The sweetness of the plantains dominated the flavor of the dish. I love plantains, so that isn't necessarily a bad thing, just an observation. The empanada dough was more mushy then flaky, which was a disappointment. There are four per order, so plan to share.The Baja ceviche ($15) is a huge order of lime marinated halibut and shrimp sitting on a corn tortilla with slice avocado sitting on top. There was too much lime and the fish didn't taste all that fresh. This also seemed like a dish that was mass produced and was probably sitting around in those lime juices for quite some time.The first entree to make it's way to the table was something off of their 'Specials' menu. It was shrimp stuffed with crab and wrapped in bacon with some sort of cilantro pesto sauce or something (I can't remember exactly) ($26). It sounded awesome, but it turned out to be a hot mess. Too much bacon, no detectable crab in or near the shrimp, and a million ingredients that over-complicated the dish.The Negro Modelo braised short ribs ($29) were much better. It came with two large chunks of boneless beef atop corn polenta and a cherry tomato salsa fresca with a molasses habanero BBQ sauce. The beef could have been more tender, but the flavors were pretty good with a slight bitterness from the Negro Modelo and sweetness from the sauce. It wasn't overly spicy. The kids cheese quesadilla ($4) was filled with cotija cheese (I think?). Fine for adults, but for a 3 yr old with developing taste buds... no. He wasn't a fan. Too bad they didn't just have a cheddar/monterey jack cheese blend.Our little guy did get a scoop of chocolate ice cream ($3) accompanied with fresh berries. He loved the ice cream, but is still learning to like berries.The wife and I split the flourless chocolate cake with prickly pear lychee sauce and raspberries ($10). It was heavier/denser than we expected but still rich and chocolatey. The crust and bottom of the cake were slightly overcooked and hard.Along with mediocre food, we had spotty service. Our server was friendly but very busy and disappeared often. This isn't fine dining but at the prices they charge they could step things up a bit. Little things like clearing empty dishes and replacing silverware would make a big difference. The whole atmosphere was more laid back then I remember (the last time we were here was probably 2+ years ago). It almost felt like a small step up from a Chevy's Fresh Mex or one of those type of places. They also charge fifty cents for water per person. Although my son didn't get water they charged him anyway.  Another thing that was annoying was how they decided to sit people right next to us when most of the dining room was completely empty. Why not space people out more?It was a pricey meal for what we got, but at least we were armed with a restaurant.com gift certificate. We also tried to use the Border Grill VIP card, which normally gets us a 15% discount but management said they couldn't take both the gift certificate and VIP card.
4	MY WIFE AND i HAD A WONDERFUL DINNER EXPERIENCEfood was great, very authentic mexican. we shared a starter of beef questadia. for main i had the sow roast porc which was a little on the dry side i must admit however the plate was beautiful, the meat was still very tasty and all the side dishes, salsa, avocado, sauces etc were very good.my wife had the fish tacos which were very good as wellcouple of beers later and we were at $90 however everything was very delicious, its a famous place by a top chef master participant so all in all i guess we really enjoyed the food, the service the experience and the authentic feel of mexicowe recommend!
4	My friend has a VIP club card to this place and, as result, got a 2-for-1 coupon on the weekend brunch today.  I can honestly say it was the best deal I've had in a long time, and that was about $18 (including tip) for all-you-can eat food plus mimosas (regular and pomegranate)! The champagne brunch normally goes for $29.99 per person, but we had the VIP hook-up.  This is a tapas-style presentation, so you just order to your heart's content--heaven!  We had chips and salsa, cinnamon apple pancakes, guava empanadas plaintain empanadas, fresh fruit plates, carne asada tacos, green corn tamales, machaca chilaquiles, chipotle shrimp BLTs,  and coconut French toast.  Ay yai yai--muy delicioso!  The plaintain empanadas were not that great, but I would definitely recommend the green corn tamales, carne asada tacos, and chipotle shrimp BLTs.  We sat out on the patio, had great service throughout, and our waitress never blinked an eye when we kept ordering more food and mimosas!  I love a great deal on great food and that's what we got today.  Buena suerte!
3	If you're at the Mandalay Bay Beach and pool, check out Border Grill for some fresh eats.  I was most impressed by the way they make their tortilla chips - I haven't had anything like this since Mexico!  The drinks are eclectic and the food is gourmet, fresh and healthy.  I vegetarian-ized the turkey tostado salad and it was yummy, as were the sweet corn tamales.  No blown mind experience here but definitely a nice lunch.
2	Had lunch here on Thursday 4/14 at around 3:00pm. While most of the reviews i've since read complain about the quality of the food matched with the high prices for Mexican food, I actually found this to be a respite from what we had become accustomed to during our stay. For once, I thought the two nearly equaled each other, although again, we've had much better.Had the fish tacos which were fine. The fish was grilled nicely, no bones, fresh cole-slaw on top. Nothing to really complain about. GF had some kind of pork sandwich which looked messy. She didn't seem too impressed as she didn't finish it and avoided the bread entirely. Good drinks to start (nice to see 'Chelada' on the menu) accompanied by warm, fresh chips and three types of salsa. Should have just stuck with that combo.What really distracted me from the experience once again was the service! This time it was the hostess. We were greeted and when I asked if we could sit outside she said she had 'nothing outside'. OK, well can we wait? I asked. Irritated glance and pissy attitude in full display, we were told we could wait at the bar. Fine by me. Then when she came by not 7 minutes later, she asked if I had settled my bill with the bartender, as if we were the ones holding her up.To top it off, she seated us at the back of the patio when there were many more tables that had just been cleared which overlooked the pool area. It later became apparent that she was either holding these tables for friends or for those who were willing to shell out for the extended service. Oh, and she didn't give us menus. The waitress had to go back and get them. Nice job.
5	Border Brunch... this combines 2 things that I love the most.. delicious Mexican Food and Breakfast. There is no way you can go wrong with this plan. The cost of the brunch is $25 and it is "all you can eat" but none of it is buffet style, instead they have created 17 items that are all tapas sized so that you can try any number of them and share them with your dining partners. The server mentioned that you could amp up the brunch with all you could drink mimosa's for only $5 more but we did not partake, this time ;-). The brunch is served downstairs on the patio that is located next to Mandalay Beach so when the weather is perfect like it was this past weekend you can enjoy the elements and the food. Every brunch starts off with the Chips & Salsa Trio.. all 3 salsas are great but the tomatillo is PERFECT. I wish I had read the review telling me to ask for the spicy salsa but I will save that surprise for my next visit. We shared the following dishes: Huevo Ranchero - Not my favorite dish, there was something about about the sauce that I wasn't fond of. BUT, the next item was great... Breakfast Enchilada - This is not your typical rolled enchilada but it is a stacked version that was delicious. I would order this one again. Coconut French Toast - This was the biggest surprise of the brunch. The coconut was not overpowering and the sourdough bread was perfectly cooked. Biscuit and Sausage Gravy - Not much "Mexican" about this dish but the sausage gravy was great and the buttermilk corn biscuit was yummy. Mini Breakfast Burrito, Chorizo and Egg Taco and the Carne Asada Taco - All were very good. Machaca Chilaquiles - This was my FAVORITE dish of the day. I could have eaten a full sized order of this or multiple small sized portions. Chilaquiles is something that I am always on the look out for and once you add amazing beef brisket you get a dish that you will remember forever. Overall the atmosphere, food and service were great and I would go back for this brunch anytime. If you are in Vegas or come to Vegas and don't try this brunch you might possibly regret it for the rest of your life...
5	I pretty much deem Border Grill the best Mexican restaurant in Vegas. Open for brunch, lunch, and dinner. Food is always great. And service is always exceptional.I have never had even a slightly so-so experience at Border Grill. Everything has always been fantastic here. And that's over the course of a few years and at all times of the day.Personally, I prefer to eat outside on the patio (which overlooks the pool area). And you can't go wrong with choosing a drink or entree off the rotating list of specials.The various margaritas and mojitos I have tried have all been great. And my favorite standard menu item is the chile relleno. Absolutely one of the best chile rellenos I've ever had anywhere.And be sure to check out their brunch menu. The entree offerings are interesting and flavorful. And seriously some of the best (and biggest) cinnamon rolls ever.I also really appreciate the fact that they have a locals VIP club. When you join, you get a discount card for 15% off your meal every time you visit and you receive various special offers via email. You gotta like Strip restaurants that offer some locals love.
4	I went with a group of 6 to Border Grill for Cinco de Mayo.  They have the best Margaritas in all of Las Vegas.  All they use is Tequila, lime, and Agave.  So many places use sweet and sour mix and I think it is just awful.  I ordered a portabella dish and it was excellent.  I did ask for it without dairy and they messed it up twice, but corrected the issue with no problems.  I used a 15% off card they gave me and a restaurant.com gift certificate, so it was a great deal.  The Chef, Mary Sue was in the kitchen and came out to say hello to us as we are Top Chef fans.  We were also lucky enough to hear the Black Keys play live.  They were playing a private event at the Mandalay pool and since we were sitting on the patio outside we could hear it!  I like the patio because it is one of the only places on the strip where you can sit outside and not be on the street.  Great service, drinks and food.  I will go back soon.
5	Going to Border Grill is not just going out to brunch/lunch/dinner, it's an experience! My friends & I sat on their lovely patio for brunch for the 2nd time & it keeps getting better & better. Hands down, no Las Vegas brunch can match the quality & price you get at Border Grill. We also had the pleasure of meeting "The Two Hot Tamales," it's great to see a celebrity chef owned restaurant with chefs actively involved in their own restaurant & not just a famous name attached to it! Even the executive chef Mike came out to our table just to make sure we were enjoying everything. I can't wait to go back for brunch, next time I'll try the unlimited mimosas they offer, the table next to us had them & those mimosas looked so refreshing! Thanks for another great dining experience!
3	The good thing about this place is that it's somehow off the beaten path, despite being in the Mandalay Bay. And the food is solid. I had a steak salad and it was very flavorful, although they did dress the salad up a bit too much. If I have a salad the next time I go back (and I will), I'll be sure to ask for the dressing on the side. Also, the chips are yummy, chunky, made fresh in the back type chips, which is always a bonus.
5	Spectacular place for private dining! We came here in January to celebrate my husband's 30th birthday.  Because we were a party of 25, I reserved a private room and worked with the event coordinator on a pre-set menu.  That in itself was a lovely experience.  The event coordinator was infinitely patient with my constant additions to and subtractions from the number of the party and happily accommodated one of my guests, who was battling morning sickness and could only eat certain foods, by letting me order a special entree for her that was not on our pre-set menu, at no extra charge. The coordinator's nearly-angelic patience extended to the staff.  No one even blinked an eye or cracked a frown when 90% of our dinner party showed up almost an hour late for our reservation!  And the food was absolutely spectacular!  The chips came out crackling hot and the green salsa was so fresh that I could swear I caught a whiff of the grass from the field where the vegetables were grown! (presuming, that is, that vegetables for salsa are grown in a field, which they are probably not, but I digress...)  Our starter was a Caesar salad, which was really really flavorful.  We had a selection of three main courses - the grilled skirt steak, the chicken poblano enchiladas and the chille relleno.  The skirt steak was juicy, tender and really well seasoned.  The enchiladas had a delicious spicy sauce.  I didn't try the chille relleno, but it looked great.  For dessert, we had fresh berries with mint and whipped cream, which came in cute little yummy edible baskets.   I also highly recommend the house-made peach lemonade.  Overall, an absolutely fantastic experience - highly, highly recommend!
4	I would have given 5 stars except, I felt the service was rushed. Before we could enjoy the chips, salsa and guacamole, the appetizers came. Before we could finish the appetizers the entree came. Then the desert. There was no breathing room in between courses, and that is too bad, as the food was amazing. That said, the guacamole was the best I have ever had. The chips divine, not oily not stale, just perfect. Two of ordered the 42.00 per person deal, which includes one app, one entree and the dessert. The appetizer was a trio of appetizers. One fried plantain, one beef taquito and one tamale. The fried plantain was great crispy on the outside, warm sweetness's on the inside. The beef taquito crunchy and delicious. I never got to the tamale, the entree came before I could try it. I did not want my entree to get cold so I bypassed the tamale. I had the boneless beef short ribs or corn polenta. Fabulous, the beef so tender the polenta had a little kick but not so overwhelming. My friend had the special rib eye gaucho steak. I had a taste, it was great, had I know I would have ordered it. My other friend had another special she did comment it was spicy. It was stuffed peppers I am not sure the name. The portions were huge. We took half home. Now the dessert was fantastic, it was the special for the day. Banana cream pie. Not your ordinary banana cream pie. This had 3 layers of banana bread each separated by luscious layers of banana cream with fresh bananas, whipped cream on top and swirls of chocolate sauce. Honestly one of the best tasting meals I have ever had in Las Vegas. If I do get to go back I hope the service will be slower, so this wonderful food can be savored and enjyed as it was meant to be.
5	Border Grill at Mandalay Bay was awesome! By that I mean we were only in Vegas two days and we ate there twice. Good, fresh ingredients, quality Mexican food. The weekend brunch was so good and a great deal - like an all you can eat buffet but better because it is prepared to order. There are about 15 small plates on the menu and you can try as many as you want. They were all excellent. We will definitely go back anytime we are in Vegas. Great view from the top patio overlooking the Mandalay pools.
2	My friend and I had drinks on the patio. Our waitress was very sweet. We were given chips and salsa. Sadly the chips were thick, hard and cold. I wanted no part of them.It was a nice time until I got shat on by a bird - minus one star.We got our check and they charged us for water!!!!! WTF?
4	We had a lovely beer-soaked lunch on the covered patio here last weekend. The chile relleno burger called to me, but I couldn't rightly order a burger at a Mexican place like this. So, I opted for the shrimp tacos and did not regret it. The shrimp were plump, the tacos spicy and the sides of beans and rice were light and fresh. My husband had the chilaquiles, which were amazingly good. We had to physically restrain ourselves around the chips and salsa, and the delightfully oniony guacamole.  My only complaint (and the reason for a star loss) is that they charge 50 cents a person for their water. But I didn't learn that from the waiter. He just showed up and started pouring. Nope, the note about the extra charge was buried in tiny print on the menu. I know it's just 50 cents, but a) that adds up over time and b) it's just bad form to sneak stuff like that on people. It would have been nice if the waiter had stated the charge up front and let us decide whether that was okay.
4	We've been here many times since it opened. I am glad they finally removed what was by far the  most ridiculous and ugly wall graffiti  infesting the walls of the entire place (and it was done by some famous artist...I guess that explains it). Well, at least now it's warmer and you don't have to wander if the stuff on the wall is a finger or a penis.Service is warm and comfortable without being pretentious.The menu is quite accommodative and the dishes are very tasty. Not being as pricy as most strip restaurants is an added bonus. They charge $0.50 per person for water....not the greatest thing, but in the Vegas frame of mine, I will not let it bother me.Ask questions to make sure you know what it is on your plate. Find what sounds good, and chances are very good that you will find it delicious.Always looking forward to coming back here.
1	Nice atmosphere, and nice decor... But, worth the price? I don't think so. They charged 4 dollars (50 cents per person) for water... WTF? My buddies ordered water, and they charged that for tab water? Bogus if you ask me. Another thing, we asked if we can be seated outside, but the lady at the front desk ignored us and said sorry, you table is here. She didn't even bother to answer the question or tell us that theirs no available space. I didn't like the attitude at all. Food? Decent! $20+ for Kobe Beef Taco? First of all, fake Kobe Beef... Tasted exactly like American beef. The same thing can be found at Taco Bell for $0.99 cents when they are on promotion. Why spend $20+?I wouldn't come here...
2	Came here for lunch one day and ordered tacos for lunch. The tacos themselves were just ok nothng too spectacular.  The sides (rice and beans) were dry and i didnt care for them all that much.  The chips and salsa that get were sadly probably the high point of the meal.For the price, this place is a bit over priced.  I had hopes for this restaurant but was disappointed.
3	The food was good but not good enough for more than 3 stars. The best dish was the steak. They make fantastic chips and salsa though. The fish tacos was really good. They give 3 large pieces of perfectly battered fried fish. The yucatan pork was flavorful but some of my pork pieces were dry and hard. The server was exceptional.
4	I can't believe I haven't written a review of Border Grill before now.  I have had dinner and just drinks here many times and have enjoyed each time.  My fiance wanted to go to the Wisin & Yandel concert at the beach on Sunday but we didn't buy tickets in time, so we had drinks at Border Grill so we could listen for free.  Clint was our bartender and he made me a wonderful Mai Tai ($12) and then he brought us free chips and salsa (perfect).  We always have wonderful service and I think it has something to do with the women who own this (you can catch each of them on the celebrity chef competitions on TV now & then). Sign up for their locals discount card (free) and emails about specials.  It is worth it.
3	Because we were staying at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay, I had read up extensively on the restaurants within the area. Border Grill had gotten rave reviews and sounded like my kind of restaurant, given my love for Mexican food and restaurants with rave reviews :).It was a nice day and we sat out on the patio area, though there really is no view unless you have one of the seats on the very outside.. then you would be able to overlook the Mandalay Bay beach and lazy river area, though I'm not sure it would have been much of a view either way.I ordered the Grilled Skirt Steak (also referred to as their "marinated skirt steak") based on positive reviews from my fellow Yelpers. For $24, it's a little pricey for what it is outside of Vegas, but it does come with a pretty generous serving of steak. Also comes with tortillas, sides of corn, tomatoes, and baked beans (forgive me if I did not describe them in fancy terms.. if you want that, you can check the menu on their website). The food is delicious and very flavorful, definitely characteristic of "upscale Mexican."My girlfriend got the Duck Tacos at $19, which comes with the same sides of corn, tomatoes, and baked beans. The duck tacos are relatively small, but I did get a taste of the duck and it was very good. My girlfriend didn't think they were anything special, but she is definitely more food snob than I (sorry babe, but it's true!).If this review were just up to the food, I would give Border Grill 4 stars. However, service was NOT good. Our waitress was just never around, and that alone can shift the mood of the dining experience drastically. The waitress took our order while we continued to look over the drink menu, but was then never to be seen again until after our food came out. Because of this, we never got to order our drinks. And guess what, she never checked on us again until we were done eating. And damnit, the restaurant was not even busy!!Because of lackluster service and $1 for regular water (what, you couldn't throw free water with a $50 lunch?), I am giving Border Grill 3 stars. If service had been just average, I'd of given Border Grill 4 stars. And if service was excellent, 4.5 (nice atmosphere).Check out my photos for pics of the food.
2	I was just expecting so much better. So, so much better. I honestly can't remember much about the experience except that I think I got fish tacos that were ok, my husbands chile relleno was pretty good but the big thing was the rice that came with it. It was AWFUL. He called it "hotel rice." Cheap, bland rice. It had color, so I think it was supposed to be flavored but, alas, it tasted like nothing. It was a lot of money for mediocre food. There are a lot of places you can spend too much money on food on the strip -- don't do it here.
4	Great chips and guac and awesome fish tacos.
4	Wondering around Mandalay while a little lost and hungover and encountered Border Grill for brunch.  The hostess seems a little confused about what the plan was since we wasn't selling it over well.  Once we figured out what the deal was, I was very exicted to eat there.  For $25 (or $30 with bubbles), you got to order from a Mexican style tapas menu with about 20 items.  It's also an all you can eat set up, so you can taste as many of the items on the menu as possible. The same hostess tried to seat us at the worse table in the restaurant - a 2 top right by the kitchen door.  I asked if we could set anyplace else and she seems confused (again).  Luckily we got a larger table and everything went pretty smooth after that.  For some reason our waitor was held up somewhere and the manager came over to explain.  I'm glad that we ended up with the waitor that we did because she was friendly and did a great job.We also tried a couple of their cocktails.  Since some of the other people mentioned that water issue - here is my take.  We were charged $1 for two waters and they must make their own water because it comes in special containers and tastes much softer.  Nothing like a $100 breakfast for two!
3	I don't know why, but I tend to be Mexican food averse in the face of other options. Maybe because I live in San Diego and have lived in Tucson - both places with exceptional, traditional Mexican fare. But, Border Grill is outside the Convention Center at Mandalay Bay, so I end up there when at abrade shows.And the food never disappoints.The house made tortilla chips come with three delicious salsas. Addicting. Fresh, crunchy and perfectly salty. The salsas are insanely good - very flavorful.I had the flank steak which was so very good. Perfectly seared, perfectly sliced, perfectly cooked (medium rare). Came with a tasty corn relish (vert good) and black beans (which were just okay). My friend had a quesadilla, which seemed pretty basic, but which he inhaled.The service was great, the food perfect. Great job, ladies! Two stars off because, as others have mentioned, it was overpriced. Way overpriced.
5	Love, love, love this place! The food is absolutely delicious, great variety, lots of options.  A little pricey, but well worth it.  Try the fresh lemonades or margaritas, fabulous!The outdoor patio overlooks the pool and they managed to keep it pretty cool, even on an afternoon with temperatures in the high 90's.  We ate here two days in a row on vacation we loved it so much.
1	My wife and I had lunch here and were very disappointed in the food and prices. I don't mind spending $40 on 2 dishes of good mexican food but the good we got was horrible. The grilled fish tacos were super small, fishy, and just bland. The sides of rice were too salty and the beans were dry and looked liked yesterdays beans. The chicken salad also was bland and the dressing was just horrible as well. I was also disappointed on the 3 salsas that came with the chips. My local senor fish has way better food and salsas. The only thing the was nice was the upper deck seating and the service. You can do way better for $50 after taxes and drinks.
2	I had gone here for a little anniversary dinner with my wife, and all I can say is i have had better service at the hole in the wall diner. We sat down and in a matter of minutes we are ordering our appetizer, entree, and dessert. We felt rushed,like they wanted us out of the place ASAP. We got our appetizer and before we could get half way done our entree's were placed on the other side of the table. When we finished our app, we started our entree and it was starting to get cold. it took forever to get more water to our table as well. So for most of the meal we were thirsty. After the entree's were cleared from our table, the dessert took forever to come. A serious lack of expertise in the Expoditor if there was one. I have Expo-ed before and never have made this much of an error in judgment of time for food service. doubt I'll go back unless there is like a 50% coupon or something in my pocket, maybe happy hour if they have one.
4	Food was very fresh tasting and well seasoned. We really enjoyed the Baja ceviche. I had lunch with my daughter and she didn't know what that was and our server( Sarah) wad very helpful. She was very good at explaining the items on the menu. My daughter had the skirt steak, it was so delicious! I had the Yucatan pork which was good but the steak was way better! I had a Cadillac Margarita that was really good! It is pricey but it is delicious! We did have a dessert it was like a tres leche churro minis, it was terrible! Do Not Order! It sounds delicious but this kind of restaurant should never let it leave the kitchen. The churro's were not crispy and the filling wasn't even in the them anymore. That was my only complaint.
5	Worth the second chance. I change my review to 5 stars. The brunch was amazing. It was a tapas style made fresh brunch. So make sure you order a head if you think you would still like to sample another item on the menu. My wife also enjoyed the place as well. I think we will be back again soon. Not sure if a reservation is necessary but why risk it. It's Vegas, you never know how things are going to be.
4	Bought a Restaurant.com coupon to try this place out and Im glad that I did.Great food. Great vibe. Convenient location. Excellent service. About the only thing that I didnt like about the place was the weakness of the specialty drinks. They were actually very disappointing. But other than that, I would recommend to anyone I know to try it out. I know Ill be back again.
5	FOOD: 4 starsAMBIENCE: 4 starsSERVICE: 5 starsVALUE for price (taking location into account): 4.5 starsWould give it 4.5 stars if I could, but I'm generous of heart and round up.What we had:Beef Brisket Taquitos: 4 stars (5 stars for plating)Yucatan Pork: 4.5 stars (4 stars for plating)A Tecate and a Coronare: food - one of the nice things about Border Grill is that they clearly place an emphasis on consistency.  I've frequented their LA location, and noticed no difference in the style or quality of the food.  This shows great management.  Beef brisket taquitos were very good (but sauce was too mild for my spicy-loving tastes); Yucatan pork was the winner.  I also love that Border Grill doesn't overcook rice.re: ambience - typical Border Grill decor, but not their best location.  Patio overlooks the "Lazy River" at Mandalay Bay - a slow-moving waterway filled with children and extremely fat adults floating along in inner tubes.  I cam to think of it as the "River of Pee," but I digress...)  It was pretty warm that day.  The gigantic fan outside is misleading; it doesn't seem to do anything to circulate air or cool the patio down.  Seems poorly designed.  It was also a little loud thanks to the packed pool.  But not awful.  Inside probably would've been the better choice, and we chose incorrectly.re: service - Border Grill Las Vegas delivered big on service with a fabulous plus host/waiter (we thought the charming man who seated us was the host, but we later saw him waiting on another section.)  Our waiter was also attentive without being over-bearing.  Never had to wait for anything or ask twice.re: price - cocktails looked to be about the same as LA prices.  Food had roughly a 20-25% Las Vegas premium over LA prices, but I suppose that's to be expected because 1) it's the Strip, and 2) they're probably trucking a lot of fresh ingredients into agriculturally-challenged Vegas.)
4	Food is exceptional. Don't ever expect much of Vegas residents. They aren't kind or hospitable. It's just how it is there.
4	I wish I could have given this place a 5...I really do.  The food was excellent.  My friend had the chicken mole and I had the chicken enchiladas...delicious!  The service was great...until the storm hit.  All of a sudden there was crazy wind and rain, and I guess their computers went down.  We waited for over 30 minutes in order to get our check.  Our poor server tried his best to keep us happy, but he was a bit frazzled himself.  After finding out it was only his 3rd day on the job, I was much more impressed with how he handled things.  If it wasn't for that crazyness, and no manager addressing our table when it all happened, there would have been 5 stars.  Good food.  Job well done, Jason.  Thank you for the birthday cake!
4	Really delicious, fresh and filling food. A nice departure from the bland, overdone stuff that a lot of local places serve. I had Peruvian Ceviche, which (although I'm no expert) is a terrific, light and healthy dish. Wife had fish tacos, also very good. Minus 1 star for a little too much salt on everything. But I guess we didn't need that second basket of those yummy chips.
4	Once again my love of Top Chef (masters) drove me to give this place a try. The food is on the more expensive side but we had a deal so it ended up being a great value. We went on a Friday night and was surprised to find only a few occupied tables. The hostess was very friendly and pretty much let us choose our table. She did, however, recommended sitting poolside and in hindsight I think the upstairs patio would have had better ambiance. Nevertheless it was still beautiful and extremely peaceful. The sangria was refreshing and added to the mood. For dinner I ordered the grilled fish tacos with avocado crema. The fish was delicious; very light and fresh. I wasn't a fan of the green rice but it was fine because the meal was also served with a tomato rice. I wouldn't say there was anything extraordinary about this restaurant but I enjoyed my meal and left completely satisfied.
5	Three words for you:Brunch; Allyoucaneat; TapasDid someone say all you can eat brunch tapas?!? We went on a Sunday morning, and the place was surprisingly empty. This was one of the best brunches I've had as it played perfectly to my dislike of commitment / deficit of attention, plus the food was super flavorful, perfectly cooked, etc.Between the 4 of us, we tried almost everything, I think. Table faves included the Chilequiles, Huevos Rancheros, Chorizo and Egg taco, Steak and Egg, Guava Empanada, Yucatan Egg Benedict, and Coconut French Toast (for dessert, of course).So all that is $25 each, and for $5 more, you get bottomless mimosas-- The orange mimosas were boring, but the pomegranate and passion fruit were quite tasty. Our server was great too - had our next mimosas out before the one before it was empty... kept the pace up faster at first, and then slowed down as we got more and more full, attentive but not pressuring. Great atmosphere sitting outside overlooking the Mandalay Bay pool area, too.All around a win - I'm already looking forward to going back!
4	We stayed at Mandalay Bay for a long weekend and I ended up at Border Grill a couple times.  The 4 stars are really for the weekend brunch - all you can eat tapas that were interesting and (mostly) tasty.  I went back for the margaritas later which were also tasty though not particularly cheap.  You'd think the upstairs patio would be a good place to watch the beach concerts but the waiter said it was too dark to see the stage. Alas.
1	Seriously. Overpriced mediocre food. The yucatan pork was billed as a spice infused pork cooked 8 hours in a banana leaf. One thing was left out-- it also was basted in salt. Wow. Two flavors stood out: cinnamon and salt. The chicken enchiladas were wrapped in a thick tortilla almost impenetrable. The soup was interesting: a stewed tomato taste with subtle heat.  Chips and salsa were fine.  Was expecting more from this place. Too bad. Nice people work there and they do their best to sell the food as upbeat as possible. The food lets them down.
4	Still some issues at the front of the house. My friend and I came in with reservations at 9 pm and were seated promptly. The runner came out with water and chips, and that concluded the timely part of the service. We sat there for fifteen minutes and filled up on a whole lotta chips. We ordered the guacamole which was good, I personally prefer less lime in my sauce but I can see how somebody would like more. After discussing the menu items, evaluation of the probability of a downgrade of U.S. debt, outlining all of the eventualities of a default, and analysis of the political barriers towards a deal, the server took our drink orders. Her claim was that she had two sections to cover because somebody was out for the night. I am a little skeptical since there were several servers working and a management call to simply give one person two sections seems unreasonable. The food, however, was outstanding like the last time I was here. The server upsold me on the tuna tartare on chips as an appetizer; delicious, but the tuna ought to be cut into fine pieces - I had to take the tuna down in one hefty bite. My other complaint is that $14 for two loaded chips is comparable to my earlier experience at T&T, needless to say, not the best deal. I had the short ribs as an entree, it was mixed in a smoky and sweet cayenne sauce over a bed of corn polenta, I definitely didn't leave hungry nor unsatisfied. I also tried my friend's quesadilla, the blue cheese and mushrooms are a nice twist on a staple dish. The tres leches cake was decent, not too interesting, but alright if you need to finish on a sweet note.
5	We ate here our second night in Vegas after suffering through the first night eating at RM Seafood (also located in Mandalay Bay). I had the skirt steak which was excellent! Very tender and marinated in garlic, cilantro, cumin and lime. My fiance and I shared the Tres Leches for dessert. yummy! Reasonably priced and excellent service! We felt completely ripped off after eating at RM Seafood the night before so we were very happy to receive the level of customer service you'd expect in Las Vegas. Looking forward to going back and eating here again!
5	i have been wanting to try out border grill's brunch for a few weeks now. with my birthday on sunday Dan decided to take me here. woohoo!! how have i never tried out their brunch?? it was the best brunch I have had here in Las Vegas. Everyone was so delightful and even made me a birthday card. Our waitress was friendly and helpful with selecting what we wanted. for $25 it is an all you can eat made to order brunch. did you read that? MADE FRESH! ALL YOU CAN EAT! YUMS! we started with a guava empanada. it was good, but i knew i had to get my share of the yucatan egg benedict. I should have saved that for last though.very filling for such a small plate. the biscuit and sausage gravy was amazing too. steak and eggs were an A+ and Dan's favorite. the coconut french toast had me wide eyed with a giant smile. very heavenly. i wish i could have tried more. this is when i wish my stomach was larger. our waitress brought me out a mexican chocolate birthday cake which was awesome. something to order when it is not included in the all you can eat menu. for $5 more we added on the bottomless mimosas and i am so glad we did. they have a few flavors to choose from including the classic mimosa.I was very pleased with this brunch and I am sure I will be back. The covered outside patio had me feeling like i was on vacation even though I am a local. The food was amazing and the staff beyond friendly when they didn't have to be. They made my birthday! They also offer a locals card with your Las Vegas ID for 15% off which is an added bonus.This place was def money well spent. Can't wait for the next brunch!
4	I was able to enjoy two nights here in the upstairs lounge after a fun-filled day at Moorea Beach. First night I had peach lemonade (too acidic) and the Quinoa Fritters which were excellent. Attention to plating and care in food prep is evident. Second night I had the Chicken Tinga Empanadas and a Cosmo. Drink was delightful and correctly balanced so that not any one ingredient was evident. Empanadas were light, flaky and not the usual "hand pies" one comes to expect. Pumpkin Seed Mole was perfectly seasoned and the appropriate viscosity to thoroughly enjoy. Even caught myself dipping a few remaining chips!
5	Went to Border Grill in the Madalay Bay Hotel. We had the lunch salad special-WOW. It was served with chicken, but I asked for Talapia instead and Tom had the chicken. The salad was an amazing blend of hot, sweet, and tart. The salad had slices of nectarines, peaches, grapes and spiced candied walnuts. The service was outstanding and Tom Davis was our waiter. The guacamole is the best and the sparkling peach lemonade was outstanding. We had half a piece of the chocolate pie that had the perfect amount of cinnamon. It would be a place to go again and again. Outstanding.
1	One thing I learned about Mexican food, is LEAVE IT ALONE!!! Border Grill tries to take Mexican food to the next level? Why! All they did is screwed it up! I will take a taco from the local taco shop any day before I come back here again. First they will give you a very salty chips and salsa, we asked for some with no salt and their reply was sorry but they put salt when they get out of the fryer! Then they will charge you for water! WHAT!! Because it was filtered water. BIG DEAL! We ordered their taquitos, tacos, tortilla soup. Seems like they do not understand how Mexican food should taste like! Just being there for a few minutes I already know what they are trying to do? They are trying to make them self a higher class then any other Mexican restaurant! Sorry but this place just can't cut it! Come down to Phoenix, San Diego, or Los Angeles. And your local mom and pops taco shack will turn this place out!!
4	We really like that the owners are so hands-on with the restaurant and reaching out to its customers.  They send out email updates, do special events in the community such as cooking classes, and don't come off as rock stars!We have eaten here probably 10 times.  The Tortilla Soup is one of our favorites!!  We usually get the special they are offering.  Last time was Barracuda and it was so good.  We were just expecting to develop a severe underbite afterwards :)Eat here whenever you are hitting up a concert at Mandalay Bay and need a great, close place to eat!!
3	Border Grill's chips were excellent, two of the four salsas were good; we requested hot and we like the tomatillo. Our $49 meal deal from travelzoo came with house margaritas that weren't very good. We had an appetizer platter (chosen for us) to start. It had taquitos, empanadas, and sweet corn tamale. The taquitos were the best, we only wished we had known they were coming because my husband ordered the entree so he was stuck with more of the same. I had beer battered fish tacos which were tasty. I liked that they lacked the creamy slaw that so many places like to add. For dessert, we shared Tres Leche cake. It was drier than those I've had before, but still good. Service was attentive, but the overall meal was just ok. I'm glad we got it at a discount, but I see no reason to return.
5	3 meals.  2 days.  All of them 5 stars.  We lucked out like crazy here.1) Great chips and salsa (I hate salsa.  However, the smoky-flavored one with no chunks?  I ran a train on that bitch.)2) Plaintain empanadas were good.  Not the best thing I've ever eaten, but I definitely would get them again.3) Caesar salad with skirt steak:  excellent, excellent steak.  Cooked to perfection.  Salad could have used a bit more dressing but it was good, that nice Mexican spicier Caesar dressing.4) Beef taquitos.... yeah, that was the shit squared.  The best taquitos we have ever eaten.  Period.  Phenomenal stuff.  Black beans served with were also good.  Green rice not so much.  But I don't like green rice anyway, so no harm done.5) Friend's pork... nice cinnamon rub, excellent flavor.We dug it highly.  Only real downside was the 50-cent water per person slammed on the table as soon as we sat down, and seeing the bit on the menu at the bottom in small print about being able to refuse it about 5 minutes later after we already drank.  Meh.  But for food?  We are very glad we finally got to try it.  Thanks, Top Chef Masters, for the heads up.
4	Good good and mmmm good. Was in Vegas for a trade show and came here for a sit at the bar order a few things and share kind of lunch. DEEEELISH!! Guacamole was delicious, as were the carne asada quesadillas and ceviche and the steak salad OMG all sooo goood!! If your idea of great Mexican is Rosa the rip off Mexicano then get ready for a wonderful treat. If you are staying at the Mandalay Bay or at The Hotel and you want to throwdown some great Mexican ... totally hit Border Grill. YUM!
5	Great steak salad, didnt like the weird hard tortilla thing it came on but skipped it and enjoyed the rest. The salsa was really tasty, smoky and yummy! The skinny margarita was so delicious, I loved that they had a skinny cocktail option. We went here in a group for a tradeshow and everyone seemed to enjoy their meal!
2	Salsa was ok. Tomatillo was excellent. Rice and beans were bland. Steak taquitos were good and shrimp not so much. Get over the water charge folks... it is what 'tis. Waitress was tad pushy by upselling us to the moon and i didn't like that. Knife had crusty food on it, they replaced it but still gross.
4	Their mole chicken was amazing and HUGE! Again, if I wasn't staying at the hotel on business, I would have packed that bad boy up for lunch the next day. The chicken was cooked perfectly - crispy skin and juicy on the inside. I'm a big fan of Mary Sue and Susan, so I will visit their restaurants any chance I get. So far, I have not been disappointed.
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant! Best restaurant in Mandalay bay. The service was impeccable and the atmosphere is great. There is outside seating and indoor seating area. The guacamole was fantastic! Worth the extra cost. I would highly recommend it. The tamales were wonderful. I got the green corn ones and they were sweet, moist and omg--- delicious!The fish taco meal was perfect size. Not too much food but definitely would fill you up. The fish was very flaky and tender. The carnitas were tender and extremely flavorful. The sides completed the meat with and outstanding hand made flour tortilla. The dessert was----- WONDERFUL. We tried the tres leches
4	I had a salad from the Top Chef Masters when I was there and it was YUMMY! Worth checking out when you go. And to top off the experience when I was there Rick Moonen, Mary Sue Milliken and Susan Feniger were seating at the next table. AWESOME!
5	We went for brunch on a Sunday morning after reading about Border Grill in Vegas/Rated magazine.  For $24.99 you get an all-you-can-eat brunch - but this isn't your usual Vegas buffet - everything is made to order and served tapas style.  We started with the fresh fruit plate and guava empanada.  The guava empanada was heavenly...the filling was almost like a guava cream cheese.  Next, we tried the chilaquiles and the green corn tamale.  The green corn tamale is sweet and delicious with just a little sour cream.  We followed this with the Yucatan eggs benedict - not as delicious as all of my fellow Yelpers let on - and the steak and eggs.  My husband was a huge fan of the steak and eggs...I think he only shared one bite.  The breakfast enchilada and the chorizo and egg taco were last.  I am not a huge chorizo fan so I did not enjoy the taco, but the breakfast enchilada was amazing.  The chicken was so flavorful and tender and I loved the cotija cheese.  For dessert, we ordered the coconut french toast, which was a perfect ending to a fabulous meal...just the right amount of sweet.  Our server was tremendous - very sweet and always there with a refill for my all-you-can-drink mimosas (only $5!).  The passionfruit one is incredible - I may have overindulged!Check out restaurant.com to see if they have a gift certificate available.  We got a $25 gift certificate for $10 before we went.
5	My wife & I had lunch with friends at Border Grill at Mandalay Bay on 8/18/11, and we LOVED the experience! We sat outside, and while a bit warm, provided great views of the lively Mandalay pool area. We ordered the guacamole to start, and it was perfectly done (you'd be surprised how many places screw up guacamole). My wife had the Chicken Panuchos Tacos and I had the Carne Asada Tacos. Both dishes were phenomenal! Our friends were equally enthusiastic about their choices. In addition to the terrific food, our server, Thomas D., was wonderful - checked on us, but wasn't overbearing. We would enthusiastically recommend Border Grill.
5	On my latest trip to Las Vegas I stayed in THEhotel and ended up going to Border Grill 3 times.  It is just that good.  If you are staying at Mandalay Bay or THEhotel you HAVE to go to Border Grill.Prices are decent especially for Vegas and the food is delicious.  I have never had something I didn't like.  My favorite was the brunch tapas menu.  For a set price (I think it was $20 for brunch plus $5 for mimosas) you get unlimited tapas and mimosas.  The tapas menu had about 20 items on it and everyone I had was amazing.  I was so full I had to stop.  The plantain empanada, mini burito, and Machaca Chilaquiles were particularly amazing.  My mouth is watering thinking about them.  The service was also amazing.  We had a group of 10 and it was very fast even with the large group.  There is both indoor and outdoor seating.  Overall the food is inventive and delicious.  If you are in Las Vegas you should definitely try Border Grill especially for the brunch.  AMAZING!
3	This is probably more like 2.5 stars. I've always been suspicious of Two Hot Tamales but gave this place a try because it is in our hotel. We had a sample platter to split with three dishes: Chicken panuchos, green corn tamales and plantain empanadas. The plantain empanadas were by far the best of the three. Basically, the exterior of the "empanada" is a seared plantain stuffed with a cheesy black bean mix. It is topped with a spicy sauce and a generous amount of crema. Delicious. I could have eaten a whole platter of these.The other two dishes were weaker. The green corn tamale was more like a polenta in terms of texture. The flavor was good but a bit sweet even for me (I love sweet). Still, topped with crema and salsa it was tasty enough.But the chicken panuchos were inexcusable. The chicken was utterly flavorless. The avocado was nice and the radishes added a much needed bit of brightness but the chicken was so lackluster that it dragged down the whole dish.The complimentary salsas were also weak: none of them had any spice and at least two of them were extremely bland.Service was friendly and efficient. Cocktails were delicious and standard Vegas prices.A fine place for a quick casual bite but nothing to write home about.
5	Happened to pick Borders to dine at prior to a concert at Mandalay Bay.  Conveniently located just steps away from the Events Center, the upstairs/downstairs was a nice choice.  We chose upstairs, patio, overlooking the pool.  The appetizer of pablano chili/potato was surprisingly spicey.  I feared indigestion later, but it never came, just the explosion of good enough taste to finish it off.  I had the skirt steak, medium and it came out perfect.  Slightlly charred around the edge, while it tasted like a rub, the waitstaff said it was a special marinate.  Regardless, virtually perfect as well as the side of corn and black beans.  My g/f's chili relleno was "the best"; delicate batter, smooth, melting cheese, fork tender and contrasted with green chili rice and tomato based rice, it was the perfect dish for her.  With no thoughts to diet, we capped off the dinner with chocolate/cinnamon/oreo cookie, almost like a cheesecake, but a lighter mousee-like pie, was, I hate to overuse the term, but "to die for."  Can't say enough about the staff; attentive, informative, courteous and absolutely spot-on in EVERYTHING.  As a local, I can see revisiting to try more of the menu.
1	Very, very overprice, food was ok. Waiter service is ok.
2	I could not have been less impressed with Border Grill. I had been looking forward to it for months while planning my honeymoon in Vegas. Staying at THEHotel, I thought it perfect timing to give BG a try, especially after falling in love with Mary Sue from watching Top Chef.The food here was by far the worst I've had in Vegas, and also the worst Mexican food I've ever had,, and Mexican is my favorite. The complimentary salsas were completely bland, the chips stale. The guac was the only half decent thing we had, but at $9, it better be! My husband and I both ordered tacos - me the carnitas, him the carne adasa. My carnitas were just ok - nothing special. He said his carne asada was the same.The most shocking part for me was the rice. It was absolutely inedible. Both the red and green were completely dry tasteless. Completely awful. I expect to pay a lot of money for food in Vegas, but I've had better food from a dirty taco truck than this restaurant. I would never return and would never recommend this place to anyone.
1	I actually still have a bad taste in my mouth. Ugh... There was definitely no quality control. My husband and I split an appetizer plate. The tamale and taquitos were average, but the empenada had a funky taste to it. My husband had the Baja ceviche as his main course, it was a good ceviche. My dish was the Jumbo Shrimp. The shrimp were fine, nothing special, but the rice and veg served with it were so salty, it was inedible. It was this that caused the before mentioned bad taste.  We finished by splitting the Pastel Rufina. Soggy pastry, way too thick cream and not much taste except the chocolate chips. I really wanted to like this place, I like the idea of sustainability. I like the Two Hot Tamales. I will say our service was great, but I go out for a great meal, great service is a bonus. Sigh, I hoped for much more.
4	First the great review. My second visit here and this one the food was awesome. We had chips and guacamole which was tasty and well made.We had shrimp tacos and yucatan pork tacos both on corn. The shrimp had a nice smoky flavor with some heat and fruit flavor, the pork tacos were cooked well and I could have eaten them all day.  But the tacos are small and loaded with taste so you leave feeling sated by taste but not in pain form over eating.Now the bad. As we sat on the balcony a large loud group of hotel media people crowded onto the balcony all around our table talking about lining up shots and ignoring all the customers. Not a warning from the restaurant management or apology from the rude camera crew and snotty on camera people. Food - 100Management for allowing Thai circus -zero
5	So had dinner here before going to see the lion king. wanted to try it because I was a fan of mary sue on top chef masters. Great decor in the restaurant, and our waiter was very friendly and helpful when it came to making decisions on food. The food was very tasty and good portion size. Great place for dinner and def recommend the skirt steak.
4	Came here for lunch during our trip. The food was great! Everything was yummy and the prices didn't break the bank. We has such a great time....our waitress was so friendly and helpful.
4	We ate here on a Saturday night for our girls weekend in Vegas. We were all very excited to see what the 2 hot tamales are all about. We had reservations and were seated promptly in the upstairs balcony. This gave us a perfect view of the Train concert going on in the pool area and provided wonderful background noise. The guacamole was worth the extra money but there wasn't any spice to the salsas with the chips. If there was an alternative available it was not offered. I shared the Peruvian ceviche and sweet corn tamales with a friend. I loved the plantain chips with the ceviche and thought it was very refreshing. The tamales had wonderful flavor but was so wet it had to be eaten with a spoon. For the entree we had the seafood chile relleno. The pepper was nice and crisp with a very flavorful filling. Over all it was a very nice atmosphere and good service. I would definitely come back.
4	Sadly, I made a meal out of their chips and salsa (omg so good) so couldn't quite stuff myself with their food like I wanted.  Everything was delicious and the sangria was FANTASTIC.
3	Small magarita for $14, small glass of wine. Food was good, but wouldn't go back.
4	Have been wanting to go to Susan Feniger and Mary Sue Milliken's restaurant since being awed by their performances on Top Chef Masters.  I was not disappointed.  To start off, the staff were lovely - attentive, humorous, engaging and very helpful.  The decor is inviting and vibrant, setting the tone just right for a fun night.Yeah, it's just Mexican food, but it's fricking delicious Mexican food.  To start, would recommend the appetizer sampler - the most amazing corn tamale ever along with other succulent delectations.  I also recommend the braised short ribs - some of the best short ribs I've ever had, and believe me when I say, I've eaten a whole bunch.  My wife had the special which was a seafood chile relleno which was a little heavy on the carrot salad and sauces, and a little light on the crab.All in all, worth the trip down the strip.
4	A bit pricey, but the food is amazing.
4	I had the pleasure of sitting on the patio and it was wonderful. Shaded by trees and seats were comfortable. I love the beef taquitos, the Baja ceviche and the strawberry margarita. Tres leche cake is delicious.
2	Not impressed....
4	Great food and drink.  I had the fish special,  very good.  Sowas the taquitos.  Would go back.  I did for lunch the next day
5	I am staying at the Mandalay Bay for 4days and ate here 3 times. Service is excellent, lamb tacos from the daily special were excellent. Guacamole and the salad it comes with are excellent. Ceviche was excellent but you should be a fish fan, one of them has a fishy smell. Cocktails were tasty and good pours.
5	My husband and I came here for the $25 all you can eat brunch and $5 bottomless mimosas. We sat outside on the patio on a beautiful day. Service was EXCELLENT- our server was so friendly but sadly I can't remember her name. We literally had everything on the menu and about 3 mimosas each. Super stuffed after but a great way to start a Sunday, if you ask me. We wil be back!!!
4	Their Carnitas is the best I've ever had!!! And the outside patio seating is killer on a gorgeous Vegas day. But definitely big enough to share! We started with the Peruvian ceviche and it was delicious.  Our waitress was busy talking about her kids to another table so we got to wait for her for like 5 mins to finish up her conversation prior to taking our order. She also never stopped by to check on how everything was. She dropped the check off to our table without saying a word to us. It was very odd to say the least.  They also charge $.50 for water per person, I'm not really sure why, and it seems like such a  nominal fee that it doesn't make sense to even do it. I have never seen a place charge for water before.
5	I had tried this place before for lunch and thought it was just OK.  I've since tried the brunch and, let me tell you, that's where it's at!  Oh my goodness, so delicious!  We sometimes plan our whole trip around making it to that weekend brunch.  It's outstanding!  Our favorites are the Steak & Eggs, Chilaquiles, and Coconut and French Toast.  Skip the shrimp BLT--pretty strange.
5	Every time I am in Vegas I go to the Border Grill for a drink and appetizers.  They have the very best margaritas I have ever had.  They are a little pricey but in this case you get what you pay for.
4	came for sunday brunch. their brunch menu is a all you can eat tapas style for $25, $30 with champagne mimosas. they had a large selection to choose from with lots of vegetarian option. each small plate was enough for 2 people.their staff is friendly and very attentive. the food was excellent. the french toast just melted in your mouth. and the meats (brisket and steaks) were so tender and great cuts of meat. they did charge 50 cents for a bottle of karafe water (which i think was tap) so i thought that was a little weird but its just 50 cents. i also kinda wished there was more of a view. we sat outside by the beach pool so we just saw the gated fence. oh well. i'd come back again for the great food and friendly service.
4	Brunch. Fun combination of all-one-can-eat for a price situation that one often finds at brunches and ordinary menu ordering with food prepared to order. I'm sure you'll find a litany of descriptions of each of the tapas throughout the reviews here. I was partial to a very delicious rendition of eggs Benedict, with a Yucatan flair. If I could have one of those right now, I'd rather enjoy it.It had good atmosphere and very friendly and congenial service. I would take that brunch for another spin.
2	I ordered the Spicy Shrimp Tacos, which consisted of three shrimp tacos topped with guacamole and cucumber slaw. The dish included rice and beans, but I opted for rice only. Does anyone else despise menu items that are deceivingly labeled "spicy"? Since when did "spicy" become "not spicy at all"? (insert eye roll here)After some eavesdropping, I learned that you could do a triad of taco options. I would've done shrimp, pork, and carne asada if I overheard that before I ordered.The waitress was friendly, but the hostesses are completely clueless. I stood at the hostess table for a few minutes before they realized I needed a table. Due to the unnecessarily high prices (each plate is at least $15), I'll opt for one of the many other Vegas eateries the next time I'm in town.
3	Modern Mexican food by celebrity chefs Mary Sue and Susan Feniger. This hip , urban cantina overlooking the river of Mandalay bay beach, 2 floors of patio dining, main bar area in the front. We were going to shark reef aquarium at Mandalay bay, saw this restaurant on the way, decided to give it a try.Decor: 3.5Food: 2Service: 4View: 4Total bill for 2 with one margarita: $93Complimentary chips and salsa: delicious, loved the 3 sauces Soup of the day with bread: not so goodBaja Cecivhe: very good , liked the crab, shrimp and fish in it, very flavored Caesar salad with chicken: the chicken was burned, not much Caesar dressing in there, very plain, yuk... Kobe beef tacos: disgusting according to my hubby... The food was bad, the service was great, our waitress was super nice and attentive. The view from our patio table was great, it would be even better in summer. Not impressed by this 2 celebrity chefs, liked this modern Mexican restaurant, but didn't like the food, Americanized Mexican food didn't work for us. :(
3	KOBE BEEF TACOS!!!! Melts in your mouth, literally. The tacos came with a pineapple salsa that I didnt think was gonna go good with it but they made the tacos and I usually dont like fruity salsas.  Girlfriend got the chicken enchiladas and they werent that hot (good). It had a pablano puree and it wasnt that tasty and didnt go with the enchiladas. The staff was really good and friendly, the server knew a lot about the courses and how they were prepared. Ambiance was, eh. Personally didnt really like it. All in all, I would go again but would be scared to venture the menu and would stick with the kobe beef tacos.
3	When you go to Vegas, even for a day, you have to try a restaurant so we chose the Border Grill for lunch."Freebies" - really tasty salsa varieties and nachos, room temp water I wasn't thrilled with.The grilled chicken torta was absolutely delicious, and surprisingly well balanced - you could taste each ingredient and nothing overpowered.  And best of all, the sandwich didn't go soggy as so many do.  I wanted to like the smoked paprika fries, but honestly, nothing special.Citrus Chicken quesadilla was easily the best quesadilla I've been able to try in my somewhat limited experience.4 people, $100 lunch all told.  Tasty food and good atmosphere.  Worth a second trip for sure.
4	Stopped in last summer for a late lunch (3:00 ish) and was impressed by the generous portions and the outstanding service. I wanted to try a few different taco offerings that are sold in 3s by the plate. Our server suggested that I pick 3 to try and he would combine them as one choice. I also had some black beans and rice, guac, homemade chips and salsa. It was very good. Our server answered any and all questions we had regarding the food, the restaurant and the Good for the Planet operation that they tout. He was extremely knowlegable and friendly. I wasn't sure what to expect from the Border Grill, but was impressed with the entire experience and will return to try the dinner menu.
5	I had brunch here yesterday and it was the best meal I had on the trip (especially considering I had a restaurant.com certificate to use).  The brunch is all-u-can eat and all you can drink mimosas.  Its not a buffet, there is actually a menu w/ 17 different items on it from tacos to empanadas to fresh fruit, eggs benedict, etc.. all the items are tapas so 1 person could literally eat the whole menu if he/she were hungry enough... I only made it through 10 items but was full beyond belief.  Each dish is unique, full of flavor, and just down right delicious (unlike many of the traditional buffets); the food also comes out fresh-er than under a heated lamp.  Our waitress was super nice; only I had the brunch, my wife/son ordered off their regular menu yet they took bites and shared some of my food.  The guava empanada was so good we actually asked if we could take one to go (and our waitress made it happen!)  I would totally go again and will probably plan on it, on our next trip to Vegas (I've been to Bouchon for brunch, and have to say Border Grill is much better in terms of food, choices, and value)!
3	Am a big fan of both Susan and Mary-Sue. Expected to be knocked out of my socks by these Top Chef Masters, fell short. First the location is way off the main area, not a good idea. The restaurants is classy with a California vibe. We got the complementary chips with the 3 salsas, salsas were OK, chips were fresh! We asked for a spicy sauce and got a good kick in the butt with the habenero chillies. Ordered bunch of appetizers - out of which the baja ceviche rocked, fresh fresh seafood. The other trio of appetizer included plantain empanadas (OK), corn cream tamales (too sweet) and the chicken tacos (best yet!). We also got the Mexican soup, nice! All in all the food was good but not crave worthy. Service was excellent with water refills, recommendations and offering of hot salsa. Best part of got 15% discount for being CA natives, go CALIFORNIA!
2	Susan and Mary Sue did not WOW us.My wife and I were looking for a place for a light bite for dinner and decided to try this place. We shared the Kobe Beef Sopes, Watercress salad and Tecate Carnitas. We told the waiter that we had a late buffet lunch and will order a few dishes to share. He seems to be very concern that we did not order enough food and kept asking if we want to order more. This made us felt uncomfortable.First to come was the Kobe Beef Sopes. It was tiny piece of beef wrapped in two quarter size corn masa topped with mango red cabbage mint slaw. The slaw was well seasoned and very tasty. However, I can really taste much of the beef since it was so small.Next, we had the Watercrest, Jaicama and Orange Salad. The salad was topped with 4 little bacon wrapped dates stuffed with chorizo and blue cheese. The salad was very ordinary and the bacon wrapped dates were salty.Lastly, we had the Tecate Carnitas. They gave us a good portion of the carnitas for this dish. However, the taste and quality of the roast pork is very mediocre. It is like the carnitas you get from an ordinary Mexican restaurant. There was only one piece tortilla came with the dish and it was all dried and cracked. It was not something that I expected a high end restaurant would serve to its diner.When our bill came at the end of our meal, we found that there was $1 charge for  tap water in addition to the our  other drinks. We dinned at many fine restaurants in Las Vegas and never have anyone charge for tap water.
5	I loved their brunch buffet.  You have lots of choices and the portions are small, so you can eat tons of it.  The breakfast burrito and the enchilada were the best.  I didn't care for the corn tamale, but the service was great.  We had to wait awhile for the food, because of how busy they were, but the server advised us of this.  The food for how small the portions were was delicious and appetizing and was actually feeling.  I was surprised how much stuff they can stuff into a small portion.  The restaurant has a nice view of the pool as well.
5	WOW. WOW. WOW.  The food was seriously amazing.  I loved it.  All of the ingredients made up the perfect meal.  I had the shrimp tacos, which were delicious.  The other people in our party loved their meals too (chicken enchiladas, carnitas tacos).  The service was awesome as well.  The complimentary salsa and chips was great.  You got 3 different salsas, which were all really tasty! Will definitely come back.
2	This used to be one of my favorite restaurants.  Even before I moved here, when I would visit, it was always a "must go to". Then the last two times we have been there the food has been terrible.  I mean completely awful. Soggy fish, undercooked, cold food.  The only reason that I would give it two stars is because both times our servers were outstanding.  I don't know if they have a different chef, or what the case may be, but I certainly would not waste any time, or money, going there. Truly a disappointment.
5	I stopped by the Mandalay Bay Border Grill yesterday about 4:30 pm at a pretty busy time and ate in the lounge. Service was prompt and efficient. He swung by with a "how you doing, hun" every once in a while that only needed a nod in response not some round of applause you think they expect at other places.  I was looking for something light and ordered a ceasars with no meat and a side of black beans. With tip left at $17. Servings are huge. Chips and salsa the best; fresh, not too thick, not too salty, and whoever made  the salsa deserves a medal. How can I make (all three) at home?  I totally recommend this place for excellent and affordable food. In a hotel!
2	If you have the power to write what every you want with out any recourse. You need to be responsible. I am still learning this, just because I don't like something. Doesn't mean someone else won't like it! After posting a 1-star review on Border Grill, their management messaged me and asked for me to come back again. They were willing to make it right. When a restaurant is reaching out and trying to make right. You have to give it to them. Now I did tell them, I probably will not go back. Because I am rarely at the Mandalay Bay! But I did appreciate the offer! So! I am going to add another star, I am still not impressed with their food, and we might have been their  on a bad day for them. That does happen!
2	My advice: Skip it. We were in the mood for Mexican food so we headed to Border Grill. The menu looked promising, so we decided to give it a try. We were seated on the outdoor patio. Suddenly a man at a table near us started complaining (loudly) about his meal. Our party tried to ignore his rant and enjoy our meal. The chips, guacamole and salsa were all pretty good. I enjoyed my mojito and my friend enjoyed the first few sips of her sangria (after awhile she said it was "like licking a candle"). During our drinks the man at the table near us continued to complain and we noticed that another table near us was speaking to a manager about a problem with their food. We ordered our entrees and our food appeared less than ten minutes later. Not a great sign. My husband ordered the shrimp and portions of the plate were cold. My friend ordered the pork and she said it was okay...not great. My vegetable enchiladas tasted a lot like something you could order at Chevy's. I'm fairly certain that the food was pre-made and just dumped on our plates. Overall, I'm bummed that we wasted a meal in Vegas on this place.
5	Amazing...from the chips to the drinks.  The complimentary chips with three different salsas are so yummy!  We got sweet corn tamales and plantain empanadas and were not disappointed.  One recommendation...their non-alcoholic refresher drinks are to die for.  I had white peach lemonade and was in love!
5	This is one of the best Restaurants in LV.
5	Loved this place.  Service was first-rate, we sat at the high tops and our server didn't miss a beat.  Our food took a while to come so the bartender brought a free round of margaritas without us uttering a word.  Given that this was happy hour and the margaritas were already $5, this was a steal.  And, the margaritas were great.The highlight of the meal were my husband's beef nachos.  Homemade chips, perfectly cooked beef, sweet corn, beans and melted cheese = perfection.  I liked my fish tacos too but had to have some of his nachos because they were so good.The Top Chefs did not disappoint!
5	Brunch brunch brunch NOMMMMMMMMMMMSome friends and I hit this place up for brunch this past Sunday, and I was BLOWN AWAY but this hidden treasure. $25 for a tapas style brunch, $30 for all you can drink mimosas. I tried the shrimp BLT which was my favorite, the chilaquiles which was a close second, the crane asada tacos. The carne asada was tender and flavorful, an excellent choice. I di dorder the breakfast enchilada but it wasn't my favorite so I passed it a long. A teensy bit too spicy for my palate. I wrapped up my meal with the fruit plate, and it was divine.Oh, and the best part? The bloody mary with BACON infused vodka. Do yourself a favor, order it. It will leave you craving another a week later when you're not even in Vegas anymore.Our server Tom was as good as it gets and a breath of fresh air after some of the experiences I had in Vegas. Hes a delight, the food was amazing, and it was walking distance from my hotel room which made it well worth everything.
3	Unfortunately I have to agree with all of the so-so reviews. My sister and I dined here on a Saturday evening. Although our waiter was quite attentive to us, the meal was just so so for the cost. We ordered the mole chicken and Kobe beef tacos. We like to split things often, so it was great that they did it for us in the kitchen, very appreciated. Both were delicious items, but worth what was charged? No. We had margaritas too, which were quite tasty, however just don't think the whole meal was worth over $100.
1	WOW! THIS is the experience that marks my return to Yelp!  I watched a special on the food network where they selected a new chef for the Border Grill restaurant in Downtown LA.  So while staying at THEHotel (part of Mandalay Bay), I was pleasantly surprised to see the restaurant had a location right here at my hotel (by the Shark reef and overlooking "the beach").Three wonderful people greeted us and the host stand and quickly sat us at what looked like a prime spot in the patio right by a heated lamp overlooking the city.  A handsome young and very tall guy came with chips and salsa and asked if we wanted some fresh guacamole. YES PLEASE!Our server (not as tall or handsome as our chip deliverer) came by 20 or so minutes later and without much fanfare took our order.  Friend and I both got the $42 special which comes with a preselected appetizer sampler, 1 entree of our choosing and 1 dessert.  For what I thought was going to be high-end that sounded reasonable.  I ordered a spicy sangria as well (based on the servers recommendation).  After we ordered, I asked our waiter for more chips (gimme a break - it's a Mexican restaurant for gods sake and I'm in Vegas so i can have more than one cheat day) and I reminded him that our guacamole (our $10 guacamole, mind you) never came.  He apologized and said he'd get that right out.Got my Spicy Sangria, it wasn't bad.  My friend said it tasted like cough medicine.  Once he said that, it was over.  I could do nothing but taste cough medicine. ICK!After 20 minutes passed, our food came out by a runner.  I told the runner that I really needed the chips at this point AND the guacamole.  I wasn't playing around anymore.Another runner brought out more chips.  Where's our waiter??  We'd seen so many others at this point that I couldn't even remember what our waiter looked like to begin with.  He finally showed up.  I told him to cancel the guacamole that never came....which in restaurant language should mean, "bring the goddamn effing guacamole but you better make sure you don't charge for it so you can still get your 20% tip and make up for the sh***y service so far.He sort of apologized but really couldn't care less.The appetizer sampler consisted of 3 items on a plate (sorry I don't know what any are called) and was fairly good.My dish, Kobe beef tacos, consisted of three mini soft tacos with dry lukewarm pieces of Kobe. PASS! My friend got the chicken dish which wasn't so bad and, unlike mine, didn't look like a tapa or appetizer plate.For dessert, when our waiter finally reappeared (I swear to god I have never had such terrible service, not even at my local Marie Calendars) I ordered the Tres Leches which was DIVINE!  I don't even have much of a sweet tooth and I almost devoured that thing.  It was just the right amount of sweetness.  No extreme flavors and the texture of cake was just perfection.My friend got the flourless choco cake which he enjoyed.  I thought the chocolate was just to overbearing.Anyway, the bill came out and we were charged for both 3 course specials and the sangria BUT as our waiter put down our check, he did apologize again for the guacamole.......could he get anymore sincere.  He could've made up for it by bringing us a free item, a discount OR by actually starting to be more attentive to us and giving us better service.  He does none of that but as soon as its time to write down his tip, he blurts out an apology. So uncomfortable.  Anyway, I kept the receipt and I'm mailing a copy directly to Susan Feniger, who, based on that food network show, doesn't look like she would put up with any of that in one of her restaurants.
5	We flew in and arrived in around 2 and I had BG on my list of places.  We (wife and I). Since I am a professional chef and LCB Inatructor, love to get different things so we can sample as much as possible.  Well, so happens the Brunch menu is a nice menu tapas style.  Everything was fresh and VERY Good.  Of you like a texmex kind of thing you will love this.  Only thing, order several things from the start and as soon as you get the order - order some more keep it flowing.  Do this,great place.
1	I'm not even going to talk about the costs.  I know I go to Vegas to spend money (or someone else's money).  If I didn't want to I should stay home.  Moving on.Even though there were some vegetarian options on the menu, it was mostly cheese based.  We ordered several dishes.  It really didnt look like anything was made at the restaurant.  Some of the items tasted like they were from a heat and eat box.  Their deserts definitely didn't taste fresh.  Sure other people may like the food, I personally do not prefer it.  There's a cantina up the strip I find a lot better than this place.
3	We were starved.  The House of Blues had a 2 hour wait, the show for the Lion King was in 1.5 hours, there was no time to waste.  We needed to find food.  Earlier we were walking around the pool area in Mandalay Bay since we were done with the smoke filled casinos.  We needed fresh air.  Good thing we were paying attention because this was where we headed to for dinner.  It was so out of the way that no one would know this existed and we're sure to get a table.The food was just ok and so was the service. Can't complain again since we didn't have any other place we could go for dinner.
4	I ended up eating lunch here and I must say I was pleasantly surprised. The food was extremely fresh with great flavors. The salsa and chips are made on site and were really good. I also got the guacamole which was good but it was a bit small but I cannot complain since it was reasonably priced. I had the Yucatan Pork tacos which were incredible and full of flavor. I would love to go back another time to try their dinner menu. Overall, it was a pleasant dining experience with a very helpful wait staff!
4	We tried their all-you-can-eat brunch...the dishes were about tapas size but can order as many as you can eat for $27. Everything on the list was great especially the guava empanadas. $5 more will get you endless mimosas.Very authentic...but need to come back and try their lunch and dinner menu.
5	So good.  Fresh, quality Mexican food and (by Vegas standards) very inexpensive.The chips and salsas were great.  It was different to have a variety of salsa to start the meal.The one thing that really stood out was my entree.  I wish I hadn't gorged on the chips and salsas, some guacamole, and an appetizer.  The mushroom entree was one of the best things I have ever eaten.Service was good.  So was the atmosphere.  We ate outside and had a nice view of the lazy river.Anytime I am in a city with a Border Grill, I will go there.  What an excellent experience!
2	Meh is the perfect description, it's just plain Tex-Mex w a fancy name and price.
3	A-ok...Celebrated our wedding anniversary here just before we went to the Michael Jackson show in December.  Food was just ok...prices were over hyped.
3	We had drinks at the bar before a  concert a couple of weeks ago and they were good...girlfriend liked the sangria margarita?  On the way out stopped for a bite to eat and I found the food okay.  The mole was pumpkin seed and did not find out until I finished mine that they had the traditional mole as well.  Chips and salsa were good.  However, I guess I was expecting more based on my knowledge and hype of the restaurant.
4	Came by in a group of six before the Brad Paisley concert. We all found something to eat with our varying budgets. The food was good, the service was really prompt and friendly. We were in a bit of a hurry and the server made sure we got everything we needed and were out of there before the concert started. We also had a Restaurant.com certificate which helped with our food bill so that my friends could instead spend that money on the alcohol they wanted! Wonderful way to start off our evening!!!
5	Staying at the Mandalay for an industry event, we spent a great happy hour at Border Grill. So, I don't do five stars, but I'll slip one in for BG or a couple of reasons. Cantina Tex Mex is such a great cuisine, and so often under served. This food here was really good, reasonably priced and completely unpretentious - a nice change for a Vegas venue. The Margaritas were excellent. The ceviche sopas were fresh and snappy, not o saucy and just macerated enough. The guac and salsas were super fresh and flavorful, with enough house flair to make them mentionable. I see short ribs all over the place these days, but the rendering here was a Delicious little taquito that did it for me. El Yum-o. If in the Mandalay, the BG is a great bet for happy hour, or just a quick bite on your way from the convention center to the hotel. Andale to the Mandalay, con mucho gusto.
4	Yum yum Mexican food!!! This restaurant has officially ruined me for quesadillas and tamales. They were SO good that everything else from now on is going to taste sub par. The sweet corn tamales and citrus quesadillas were absolutely incredible. Guacamole is also a must.
2	Very loud and crowded atmosphere. Tables are almost stacked on top of each other. Very over priced for so-so Mexican food(Tacos/Enchiladas/Taquitos.....). Portion sizes are very small. 14.00 drinks. The service was also terrible. There are many other options in Vegas. I would not recommend this establishment. The best part of the experience was the Management!
4	After checking out the Shark Reef, I was hungry for sushi but I felt that eating sushi after gazing at aquatic animals for the past 2 hours would of been morally wrong.  Okay, on to the review.  First of all, I'd like to say I love guacamole.  I put it on everything.  Undercooked chicken?  Guacamole.  Overcooked rib eye?  Guacamole.  Guacamole fixes everything and makes it magically delicious.  With that said, I DID NOT eat the guacamole at Border Grill BUT I did see someone who sat diagonally across from my girlfriend and I who was GETTIN DOWN on some guacamole.  I was jealous.  Instead, I satified my palatte by slamming 2 strawberry margaritas back to back and some Baja Ceviche.  The Baja Ceviche was awesome, the seasonal fish and cilantro ailoli gave it a nice flavor!  Unique to any other ceviche I've tried in the past.  Highly suggest it.  I finished my meal with a trip to the dessert menu where I got the Pastel Rufina.  The description says, "layers of puff pastery, sweetened cream cheese, chocolate chunks, and fresh berries".  So I'm thinking this is gonna be some mini dessert.  Well, it turns out, this dessert is MASSIVE.  But luckily, I have a bottomless stomach so I destroyed it without much struggle.  Kudos to our server, she was very helpful and knowledgeble of the menu.  She also looked like a girl I've seen on NaughtyAmerica ....but that's a whole different review.
4	I watched the two owners of Border Grill on Top Chef Masters and Chef Hunter and wanted to try their restaurant while in Las Vegas last week. The restaurant is very bright and attractive. The chips were outstanding, although my husband did not care at all for the salsa. We split one of the specials - short rib tacos combo plate. It was very tasty and there was plenty of food to share. Service was extremely attentive. I am glad we tried this restaurant
5	My girlfriend had a conference at Mandalay Bay and we made reservations for lunch at Border.  The place was filled and glad we made the reservation.  We started with the Guacamole.  It was a hit.  She had a carne asada quesadilla.  The steaks were grilled perfectly and was the best quesadilla she ever had.  She pair the quesadilla with a tasty margarita.I went with Yucatan Pork Tacos.  The pork was fork tender.  The pickled habernero onions were not hot.  Of course, nothing was spicy after our Thai meal the night before.  Overall, this might be the second best restaurant we had in Vegas.  Definitely, ranked very high in our list.  We like it more than Mesa.  Sorry Bobby Flay but imho, Mary Sue Milliken won this throw down.
5	The downstairs outdoor dining is wonderful.  The best chile chile rellenos  out there!
4	My boyfriend and I were visiting Las Vegas for a basketball league he was in. It was our last day and wanted to end our trip with a nice lunch before driving a couple hours home. We had just finished looking through Mandalay Bay`s Shark Reef and were getting hungry. The first place we came across was Border Grill and immediately gravitated towards it when I saw Susan Feninger`s name. Well-known chef for her modern twist on Mexican cuisine and cheftestant on Bravo`s "Top Chef Masters" season 1.Looked at the menu for a bit. Border Grill doesn`t have that many options, so we decided to walk around Mandalay Bay to see if we were interested in anything else. Most of the restaurants in that part of the hotel weren`t open for lunch. We walked as far to Rum Jungle, didn`t want to walk to the other side of the hotel where they had more restaurants, and made our way back to Border Grill.Border Grill looked to be very busy, even for lunch, the place was packed. As we were taken to our seats, we saw a couple things on people`s tables that intrigued us. The first thing to hit your table are fresh chips and three kinds of salsa. The chips were hot and not at all greasy. We took a glance at the menu and looked for some of those things that we saw on the way in. One was the Steak Nachos. They looked so good, so we knew we had to get an order of that to start. For our entrees, I ordered the Spicy Shrimp Tacos and my boyfriend got the Chicken Poblano Enchiladas.When the Steak Nachos arrived at our table, I didn`t realize how big it was. I could have had that as my entree and would have been totally fine. Border Grill definitely doesn`t skimp on the toppings. A lot of good small sized pieces of steak, plenty of melty gooey cheese, onions, tomatoes, jalapenos, and big dollops of sour cream and guacamole. So amazing! The Spicy Shrimp Tacos we were really good. Chipotle marinated shrimp, cucumber slaw, guacamole, and a chipotle aioli. The tacos also come with rice and refried beans. The Chicken Poblano Enchiladas had smoked chicken, wrapped in corn tortillas, topped with poblano cream and a mix of grilled corn, mushrooms, and poblano chiles. OMG... that poblano cream was the best thing on that dish! So good! I would definitely go back for the poblano cream alone. Everything on the menu should be served with poblano cream. Yummy...
5	I can not say enough good things about Border Grill. It's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. My most recent visit was due to them updating their brunch menu. The weekend brunch is a fantastic deals at $30 for all you can eat tapas (add on all you can drink mimosas for $5). There are items on the menu to appeal to every taste from 'traditional' breakfast to people who want something more like lunch. If you're a pancakes person, definitely try the mexican chocolate chip pancakes or the bread pudding french toast. The chorizo sausage biscuit and gravy is great, so are the chilaquiles and the shrimp and grits. I love their short ribs, so I was super excited to have the short rib hash. My roommate loved the frittata (also new to the menu) and he normally hates eggs. I love the green corn tamales, but those are on the regular dinner menu too. Be sure to ask them to bring out the guava empanadas.My only criticism is that I want to order everything and I end up completely stuffed. The service is always excellent - the staff and management both makes a point of getting to know their regulars. I always mock the people in the restaurant on the weekends with the lunch menu. Spend the same amount and get a huge variety of amazing food. It's Mexican twists on American dishes and some interesting interpretations of classic Mexican food as well.
4	I came to Border Grill with no expectations:  I was staying in Vegas with my fiancee and had unexpectedly run into my brothers (who are always looking for an excuse to come from L.A. and gamble).  No one was in the mood for anything too fancy, and one of my brothers is a vegan, so we searched around online until we found a spot that had the potential to make everyone happy.  Mission accomplished, Border Grill.  Everything you could want in a Mexican restaurant was here:  friendly service, a wide variety of quality margaritas, great salsas and guacamole, and entrees that were inventive yet at the same time familiar (in a good way).  Everyone, including the vegan, came away happy, which is no mean feat with such a picky group.  I definitely would eat here again and look forward to trying some of the other locations.
4	We had a party of 8 for a bachelor party Friday night. What a great time we all had. The service was extremely attentive and fun. The food was very good and everyone loved their margaritas. Would totally recommend this place.
2	I think that everything was a bit over priced. We sat out by the open air that overlooked the pool and that was nice.
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars.  If you are at the Mandalay and in the mood for Mexican, this is the place to go.  My favorite thing is the chips and salsa.  they bring out 3 different types of homemade salsa -- the green one was my personal favorite.  They are all mild, but you can ask them for a spicer one they have in the back.  I ordered beef taquitos.  they were good, but loved the black beans and rice that came with the meal.  I would definitely come back, but feel its a bit pricey for what you get.
1	Visited with my family, 3/15/2012. Service was horrendously bad. Food was disgusting and  WAY overpriced. Over $140 for a lunch for five.An establishment whose chef has appeared on Top Chef should be serving food that is, at the very minimum, edible. At best, the experience should be something I want to remember and enjoy. Unfortunately, not the case here.How does one screw up a Caesar's salad? What the hell is a Caesar's salad doing on the menu at a MEXICAN restaurant, anyway?Furthermore, don't let me believe at the front door that I'm going to find Meican food on the menu, when in fact, you're serving Central and South American food, with no mention of any of the Mexican food standards.All in all, a thoroughly unenjoyable, disappointing experience.
3	Went here with my family on a Monday night. Place was so hard to find. We ran around the hotel forever looking for it. There was a Lowe's conference taking place there, and getting through the crowd to get to the entrance was quite an adventure. It was dark and pretty much empty in the restaurant. Our service was excellent. We ordered the trio of salsas and the guacamole. Very good. My mother and siblings all ordered humongous margaritas. They looked great. I was nursing a massive hangover, so I had a Pepsi.I ordered the plantain empanadas (not mexican, BTW). The presentation was lacking- they were just there on the plate. Almost like some frozen snack you microwave and toss on a plate. I abhor sweet with savory, so this was not the dish for me. The filling is not appealing to the eye and is sweet. They weren't horrible, but I just couldn't get past the sweet. Next time I'll try the green corn tamales.My sister's friend ordered the tortilla soup. The "soup" was too thick and didn't have much flavor. However, the soup has these cubes of cheese that are so damn delicious...I just gold-mined those out of her soup throughout the meal. They were absolutely my favorite of the evening. I could eat a whole bucket of those cheese cubes!!!
5	03/17/12 BRUNCH.I haven't reviewed BGLV before this? I'm surprised. We went almost every Wed night that Mary Sue was competing in "Top Chef Masters" last year. Sat in the bar with other fans, ate/drank for 1-2 hours, it was great fun. Great staff, bartenders, waitresses.We, spouse and I, are ANCIENT foodies, and have known the "2 Hot Tamales", Mary Sue and Susan, since they started off in a storefront and only using hot plates, along Melrose Blvd back in the early 80s in LA. I experienced all of their iterations in the culinary world, most especially City Restaurant. I miss City. And Ciudad. I love Street, and try to return there when I can, when visiting LA.But you know what is the best thing about THIS Border Grill, the Las Vegas location? The man they have in charge at the stoves, Executive Chef Mike Minor. Every time we dine there, his dishes are simply wonderful.Well, last year they introduced Brunch at BGLV. We thought it really good, but needing a few changes. Even Mike, who is in charge of the Brunch dishes, admitted that we visited too early, and should return later in the year. Well, the Brunch is only from March until October. We missed his changes. (If we had tons of money, we would have returned, and quite often.)Well, THIS time around, today, it was a very different menu, and EVERY DISH was astounding. I split dishes with my spouse, and we tried as many as possible, but couldn't get thru half the menu, still going home feeling like pythons after consuming an antelope. But MAN, what we ate!I don't even need to mention the dishes. EVERY DISH was just sublime. (But the shrimp and grits, those I could eat all day long.) And the $5 bottomless mimosas were great, too, with a huge selection of variations, with things like blood orange juice, pomegranate, etc.So try the Brunch. You will NOT be disappointed. It's normally $29.99 pp, but as BG LV VIP card holders we got a one-time half-off offer thru the email, ending Mar 25. Look into that, if you are a local Nevadan. But believe me, even without a discount, we WILL return this year, especially if we have friends visiting LV to introduce to this Brunch.
4	Best meal I had in Vegas. Come for brunch, please: ALL YOU CAN EAT TAPAS ($30) with UNLIMITED MIMOSAS ($5 -- TOTAL, NOT EACH). I couldn't believe what a great deal it was. And on top of that, my friend had a Restaurant.com giftcard to make the deal even sweeter. I'm trying to remember which tapas I had (Oh, the tapas are larger than any tapas I've ever had, so don't think they were pussy little blobs of food on a plate. No way, miss). Hmmm... Yeah, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, even your food memories, apparently. But trust me, all of the savory dishes were amazing, as were the chocolate chip pancakes (which I do mysteriously remember). I intend to visit Vegas again (when I'm not a student and have time and money to spend excessively), and if this place is still around, I'm so there again.
3	I think I may have come here with expectations that were over the top. However, the food here is GOOD, I just don't think it warrants me being a fan of it, or saying this is as good as it gets. This has been a trend with "celebrity chef" restaurants I have eaten at lately. I came here for their "Border Brunch" $29.99 all you can eat breakfast tapas. Plus my friends and I opted for the extra $5 bottomless mimosas.I had the orange mimosa, which I am sure I would have enjoyed more had I not drunk myself into a stupor the night previous. It was still a good mimosa though. As for the tapas I tried:Breakfast Enchilada - Spicy, spicy! Seriously this thing had some heat. The flavors were good, but I think it gave me heartburn while I was sitting there at the table.Skirt Steak & Egg - My second favorite dish. The steak was cooked well, the egg was a nice touch, the guac was good.Peruvian Shrimp & Grits - Okay. Is it just me or does it bother anyone else when shrimp is covered in sauce, and yet the tail is still connected, so you have to dig through the sauce, pick up the shrimp and eat it with your fingers because you don't want to be eating shell? This is a good dish though and a surprisingly good combo.Pancakes - I forget exactly what these were called, but they were basically mini pancakes with a lot of chocolate chips. Pretty much a sugar high on a plate.Chorizo and Egg Tacos - My favorite dish of all. I kind of wish I had just ordered a bunch of these tacos to be honest. They were just freaking good. And you get two on a plate, so that's a nice touch. Really, I'm thinking about these tacos right now and I WANT THEM.Anyway, I just don't think this place warrants its high prices. I feel as though the brunch could be priced $5 cheaper because of the quality of the food. Yes, maybe it's a top chef or whatever, but I just don't think this place feels like a place where I should be shelling out $8 for coffee, which I did not do by the way, even though I was wishing for coffee SO BAD during my meal.Overall, it's okay. It's not great, especially when compared to so many other places you can go on the strip, or in Las Vegas in general. Would I come back? Maybe just for the chorizo and egg tacos....
3	Leading up to my trip to Vegas, I was very excited to try this restaurant. I, like everyone, had seen the two chefs that own this restaurant on Top Chef Masters, and their food looks so good! I went here on Monday for lunch, sat outside overlooking the pool, which was very nice, but was halfway disappointed. SO I had ordered the Border Grill Classics (I think that's what it was called), but it had little mini portions of chicken tacos, green corn tamales, and a tostada -ish thing with a funky name (can't remember right now), and it was just so boring! I was shocked that something that was supposed to give a taste of multiple menu items was just bland and not exciting AND cost 19$...not cool. Now, on the flip side, the BF got the potato tacos and they were one of the most delicious things I have tasted. They were spicy, creamy AND crunchy (fried shell), and had a ton of flavor. It came with two different types of rice, green and red, which were both good also. All of this for 16$! I really made the wrong choice... Anyway, I might have given this place 4 stars, but our service was not so great. Our server, Erica, seemed like she was in a very bad mood and talked to our table with attitude, especially after we declined drinks or appetizers. I would think about going back here for the potato tacos....but I wish it was a bit more consistent.
5	And the academy award for best brunch in Vegas goes to the Border Grill in Mandalay Bay. Absolutely freaking knock-me-over amazing,,,,I kid you not!!!With all the places I checked out in Vegas during my one week stay this was the place that impressed me the most. First off the patio is so cool overlooking the lazy river pool; one of the nicest pools in Vegas btw....perfect breeze, lovely day and fantastic service. It is an all you can eat and there is a long list of tapas from which to choose from. I tried about 3/4's of the list and each one that came out just got better and better. Far too many to mention just try them all you will not be disappointed. My faves were the empanadas, skirt steak and the potato tacos....wow!!! What a refreshing concept to the typical brunch. Check it out; it really was all that and much much more.
2	First off this restaurant is located next to conference rooms and not so close to the other restaurants. We visited on a Thursday evening and it was dead in the dining room while the bar was full of loud conference attendees. The food is fine, overpriced like much of the restaurants in Vegas, but not outrageous. The problem was the service, the wait staff was just not bothered, even the manager hung out in the bar area. It took forever to get menus and after our meat almost 15 minutes to get the check, which was ridiculous considering there was only three tables and two servers. We won't be back.
4	Met my colleagues for lunch here after my flight. I love the outside seating, and I will say this was some of the nicest service I've ever experienced. From the host to the waitress, everyone was phenomenal. Was a little concerned about gluten cross contamination, so I had the caesar salad without croutons. This is my old standby, and it was delicious! Everything had a nice presentation as well.
2	I had rated this at three stars for the food and then I remembered my drink which was absolutely awful so I dropped it down to two.  So, the good, GREAT chips and decent three salsas to dip them in.  I really liked the chips.  Also the atmosphere was wonderful, we sat outside and it wasn't really hot so it was perfect.  Also our waitress, Chelsi was very sweet.  However, the main dishes were not great.  Two had the chicken quesedillas which looked good and with the lime had some flavor.  I had the fish tacos, there were three to the plate, I had two grilled and one deep fried.  The amount of fish was miniscule and there were big strips of lettuce on the tortilla.  Cabbage, yes, but lettuce?  I've had much better fish tacos at the farmer's market near my house.  As for the drinks, one pina colada, didn't try it but heard it was good, and my horrible mojito.  I mean it was unbearably sweet and the mint leaves in the glass were old and brownish.  Yuck.  Plus price tag for that mean was over $80.  That is ridiculous for the quality of what we had.  Good chips!
4	As most everyone has mentioned, me and my family came here because of the "Top Chef Masters" influence.  We came in and were immediately seated and treated to delicious chips and salsa.  Did I mention that all of the three salsa's had a smokey flavor to them? YUM!  The waiter we had was a bit arrogant or was trying to pull off the "we're a high class restaurant" vibe.  Oh well, he turned out to be a great asset and offered many suggestions.  I always appreciate when someone tells me what I should or should not order. We also ordered the guacamole which was so good.  It came with a little salad with some sort of juice (lime). I appreciate when restaurants offer their own spin on a classic dish.  In regards to dinner, I ordered the chicken poblano enchiladas. They were amazing.  The tortillas were wrapped around the meat so tight which is cool. (I can never get my tortillas to do that at home -- amateur chef that I am).  The green sauce was great and was almost sweet but in a good way.  My one complaint is that there was so much sauce that I couldn't enjoy it without some chips.  No one had refilled our chips and looking back I should have asked for more. All around, a great experience and a place I would come back too when I am in Vegas next.
4	We arrived a bit late for our 9pm reservation because the Mentalist show ran over. We decided to sit outside, which I regretted initially since it was so loud out there, but a big party left after too long and it quieted down.I ordered a pomegranate margarita and my bitch sister-in-law ordered the sangria and we both really liked them. Chips came with three kinds of sauces and I thought the green tomatillo was really good.I'd studied the online menu and knew I was going to order the chicken poblano enchiladas, which I were able to get without the mushrooms - yay! They were SUPER delicious.  They came with a corn and poblano relish on top, which added a bit of crunch. Wow, they totally lived up to the food I'd seen Mary Sue and Susan cook on TCM.  My husband got the Kobe tacos and didn't particularly care for them. He said they were bland and they also caused him some stomach problems later in the night. Fortunately, he ate the rest of my enchiladas and was really happy with them.  My sister-in-law got some taquito dish that she really enjoyed. My bro-in-law got the chicken enchiladas and loved them too. Since both couples had just gotten married and it was my husband's birthday, they brought us over 2 free desserts. One was flan and the other was a rich chocolate mousse cake. Both were yummy.
5	Great service, incredible food, very memorable!  Executive Chef personally visited each table and provided a personal touch to our dining experience.  Highly recommended to all dining enthusiasts!
5	Came here twice for brunch while staying at Mandalay Bay because we enjoyed it so much.  You cannot beat the price for the amount and quality of food.  $25 unlimited brunch tapas, our faces were cinn apple pancakes, green corn tamales and steak and eggs.  Coc French toast was delish too.  Loved the passionfruit bottomless mimosas for $5 extra!  You can even take one to go.  Overall great spot for the price, quality food and great service!
5	Ah ah ah AH AMAZINGGG! Service was great. The Server was very knowledgeable. Had the kobe beef tacos...ummm *droool*. they were amazing. The flavor of the meat alone was exceptional. The Queso Fundido which is mexican cheeses * chorizo * roasted peppers was soooo good. I could of just ate that for my meal and been satisfied. The alcoholic drinks were a little light on the alcohol but still had great flavor. I recommend the skinny pink lemonade cocktail. (comes in tall glass). Come again ? why yes ..yes I will .
3	Average unauthentic Mexican.  Went for lunch from convention and was ok.  Would be a rip off for a real meal.  No way for dinner.  You are in Vegas baby.  Don't waste your time here.
2	We came here for lunch and used a restaurant.com coupon.  With the coupon, the prices seemed ok, but the menu prices are high for the quality of the food.  I live in California, where we have access to tons of Mexican and "Mexican," so perhaps that colored my opinion.  We ordered the quinoa fritters, which were a little oily but had a great flavor.  My husband and I split an order of three tacos and sides (you can mix from the tacos listed on the menu, which was a nice way to sample more).  We had the avocado (ok, kind of dry), the carnitas (pretty good, not exceptional), and the chicken panucho (extremely oily, no real flavor).  This came with beans and rice (red and green), which were ok.  This was easily enough for the two of us to share.  Our dining companions ordered the three tacos (shrimp and Yucatan pork were both deemed "good," can't remember the third) and the Border Classics (chicken panuchos and some tamales and empanadas), which was also "good."  There is a .50 charge for water, which I thought was odd; it included still or sparkling water.   Service was very good.
2	Average unauthentic Mexican.  Went for lunch from convention and was ok.  Would be a rip off for a real meal.  No way for dinner.  There is not much nearby from the convention center and the service stinks.  Too many tables that they are really slow in taking your order or bringing food.
4	I love unique flavor combinations that are not overpowering.  Most of the dishes have a unique ingredient that gives it a new twist, without taking over the traditional base.  My favorite dish by far here is the Baja Ceviche.  It inspires me to make my own ceviche at home every time i have it.   A delicate blend of fish, shrimp, red onions, tomato, avocado and a fresh cilantro sauce drizzled over.   My other favorites from prior visits are the empanadas and the sweet green mini tamales.  Last night I had the chicken poblano enchiladas.  Let me say I have been craving green enchiladas for about 6 months.  I loved the chicken filling and loved the addition of thinly sliced portobello mushrooms, corn, nopal and poblano on top,  BUT there was WAY too much Green sauce, drowning some of the awesome flavors.  Would have been much better with a drizzling of the green sauce and the addition of some melted white cheese.  After all it can't be great enchiladas without lots of cheese.   My husband had the carnitas,  which were delicious.  Again unique ingredients added a twist,  bacon, citrus and a bed of polenta underneath.  His flour tortilla was the yummy authentic type.  My other favorite last night was the CABO RITA, mmmmmm,  pear puree in a  margarita made with fresh lime juice and agave,  versus sweet and sour and triple sec.   One of the best margaritas I've ever had.  Sadly the service SUCKED.  Our waitress never once came to check on us.  We had to wave her,  or the busboy down every time we needed something.  It even took 20 minutes just to get and process the check and we had to ask 3 times to move it along.   Also, sadly, when we made the reservation, they promised a pool view booth which was not available when we got there.  there was a front pool view table, which we said we would take, but it was "reserved"  to make a big table for a future reservation.   When we left, it was occupied by another couple, not  a big table.   Being lied to doesn't make the guest feel appreciated. Had it not been for the service and the over abundance of green sauce, and the slight overprices,  I would rate 5 stars. The awesomeness of the Ceviche and the Margarita, raise it from 3 stars to 4.  If you like unique tastes,  I would still recommend.   The night was capped beautifully by a fun shopping excursion at my stores, Misura, Paradiso and Ruby Blue near the valet entrance!
5	I loved the Adobada Pork Chop! Always ask your waiter what their fave dish is, everywhere you go. We did that here and ended up with the best meal of our lives. The pork chop is served with a sauce over it and I can't remember what it was, but I would drink it if it came in a glass. I dipped the side of spinach in it and altogether the flavors worked well. A little pricey, but well worth it!
2	I feel a little guilty giving only a 2 star rating, especially since I tend to be so generous with the stars. Border Grill wasn't terrible, but it was incredibly unspectacular in a city that has a lot of fun places to eat at every corner.One of my girlfriends loves Mexican food and will basically choose anything resembling it. So when we booked a stay at THEhotel, she was really eager to try Border Grill.We had lunch and opted to sit outdoors. We nibbled on some guac along with the complimentary chips and salsa. She ordered a bloody mary and a mix of 3 tacos (I can't remember exactly which ones), while I had a glass of white sangria and the turkey tostada salad. I ordered my salad sans cilantro, and when it arrived, it was absolutely filled with the evil green stuff. I realize this is a common ingredient in Mexican food, but restaurants have always been kind in accommodating my request. It had already taken a very long time for the food to come, so I was a little disappointed. The waitress owned up to the mistake and took the blame for it, though, which I did appreciate. The salad itself, even corrected, was just okay. The drinks were also fine. Service was pleasant but slow and not exceptional.Overall, I did not hate my experience, but I wouldn't recommend Border Grill nor would I return.
2	All of the men in my family thoroughly love Mexican food and I enjoy a good margarita so on our recent trip to Vegas we decided to try this restaurant which was described to us as "upscale" Mexican.  The food was good but not great and not what I expected from two Top Chef Masters.  The good -  Service was very, very good.  The margaritas and cocktails, in general were fabulous and the guacamole was among some of the best I have tasted.  One of my guys had the oxacan strip steak and said it was delicious.  Now the bad -  I had the taquitos and they were tasteless and small.  My husband had the fish tacos and his verdict was that they were "OK" but no better than what he can get at home (which is Dayton Ohio - a far piece from the border).  I forget what my Son had but he agreed with my husband that the food was just good but nothing he could not get at home.  That would be OK but this place was pricey for what we got.  Now for the ugly - The place was dirty and the seating was uncomfortable.  We were also promised a "view" when we elected to sit on the patio; however, the only people who get a view are the ones who sit in the very front of the patio.  We were at the very back of the patio. The overall appearance of the place just seemed to be chaotic and disorganized.  Not an enjoyable experience at all.  We will not be visiting again.
2	Food was ok. I had the chili relleno and it was not memorable. My friend had the chili relleno burger and he said it was great.   Service was pretty good.
4	I was glad to see one of the better Santa Monica Mexican restaurants in the Mandalay, where I was "stuck" for several days on business. The restaurant has both indoor and exterior seating and after being in the smoking, dated Mandalay, I was super happy to enjoy 3 lunches at Border Grill. As with every Border Grill lunch or dinner, complimentary house made chips and sals are rolled out. We shared the guacamole which is every bit as good as good as the SaMo location. There is a lunch special ahi tacos on the menu which sounded good, but I really wanted a light salad. I asked if they could take the ahi and substitute for the the steak on their normal steak salad. This, with a light vinaigrette made for a very refreshing and light meal. I love the flexibility! Great service in Vegas!
5	My favorite entree here is the grilled skirt steak ($27).  The steak is so flavorful, mine was cooked perfectly.  The combination of flavors with the corn relish and black beans in that soft, handmade tortilla is just amazing...makes my mouth water just thinking about it :)  It was even better with some of the guacamole that we ordered as a starter.  My husband had the chicken mole, which he said was delicious as well.  Our server was wonderful, she recommended the black cherry mojito and the sparkling white peach lemonade, both of which were amazing!  They even brought us a complimentary dessert for my husband's birthday...the pineapple upside down cake served warm with pineapple ice cream...we devoured this dessert!  The only misses that I've had here were during a lunch visit: the Yucatan Pork (mainly because I didn't like the orange flavor in the pork, too sweet for me), and the green corn tamales (also because it was sweeter than I expected).We used a restaurant.com gift certificate, which made our dinner fairly reasonable for the strip.  I can't wait to come back for their weekend brunch!
4	A little pricey, but amazing food and great service.  I reccomend the chicken cuban sandwich. Sit outside, great bartender taking care of you.  Try the mojito with kumquats!
4	Hooray!!! Thank you to the Top Chef Masters for AWESOMENESS!!!  The Halibut Ceviche was astounding.
5	This place had the best brunch I've ever eaten.  They don't do a buffet, instead they give you a list of plates and you can order as many as you want (included in the price) as many times as you want.  These aren't your traditional brunch items, unusual takes like guava empanadas.  You can also add unlimited mimosas (they have several types) for just a few bucks more.
5	Wedding Reception at Border Grill = AwesomeWe had our wedding reception at the Border Grill at the Mandalay Bay and it was a blast- great food, great drinks, great service all around good time for everyone. We wanted something hip and new and fun and the Border grill definitely provided that. They also provide a coordinator at no charge to help you plan everything from the menu to decorations to music and anything else you want. We worked with Destiny Hampton and she was amazing. Very attentive and helpful. She definitely knows how to plan parties. All of our guests raved about the food and how much fun they had. I highly recommend this as a wedding reception location in Vegas.
3	Although this is really a 3 star place, I am tempted to give them 4 stars because in the wasteland of overpriced mediocre food that is the Las Vegas food scene, this place is actually not bad! Fresh handmade tortillas and really GOOD salsas. Grilled chicken tacos were tasty and reasonably priced. I would definitely recommend them if you're looking for a place to have lunch or casual dinner.
4	Okay, I admit I wanted to try Border Grill because I have a girl-crush on Mary-Sue Milliken.  Now it's our go-to Mexican place when we're craving South of the Border flavors in Vegas.After a long-ish trek past all the other restaurants and convention areas in the Mandalay Bay is the colorful and tasteful Border Grill.  The margaritas are great and a pitcher goes quickly.  The chips and three salsas are quite tasty...  And now on to the real stuff!My sister swears the steak she ordered at Border Grill was one of the best she's ever had.  And she's had a lot of steak.   My mom's half chicken?  Moist and flavorful.  My kobe beef tacos were delicious.  The carnitas were a bit dry, but the flavor was good.We were too full for dessert.The staff - from the host to the servers to the busboy - were a delight.
4	Just writing a quick update. I would like to give a 4 star amended review on service alone based on a message I received from a manager at Border Grill after I posted my initial review. Although they really didn't do anything horribly wrong during my visit, the manager apologized for not providing a wow experience, thanked me for my feedback, and invited me to contact them in the future for a complimentary meal. It is so nice to see a business that does not get defensive in the face of criticism, let alone one that goes out of its way to display such gracious behavior. Certainly, this type of welcoming, open, and friendly customer service is rare and should be commended. Thank you, Border Grill!
5	my friends and I had the unlimited tapas and drinks for brunch and it was amazing! We ordered at least 2/3 of the menu and we reordered our favorites.  It was a great deal because the food was great and we sat outside where we had a beautiful view of the lazy river.
2	If you like over priced, bougie Mexican food, this place is the place for you.  I don't even really know how Mexican food can be bougie but this place figured it out.  Their menus had convoluted descriptions for very basic Mexican dishes.  Their tamale appetizer was crap.  It was supposed to be a baked tamale but it ended up being mush.  It wasn't even cooked properly.  If that is the way it's served than don't call it a tamale, call it corn tamalito or corn mush.  And btw, if I wanted corn mush, I would go to Chevy's not a "fine dining" Mexican restaurant.They don't set the table with salt or pepper, which I think is really weird.  When I asked for salt, the waitress said, "What is it for?  Your chips?"  Like I couldn't have it otherwise.  When the salt arrived, they served it in a side dish.  Not a shaker.YET, they sell cookbooks. "Don't come back to our restaurant, cook your own food with these books."  BAD marketing.This place isn't worth it when there are so many other restaurants that don't need to try as hard as Border Grill does.  And, they will offer you salt.
4	Running around Vegas choosing a place to eat is a little difficult. So many options and so little time to try it all. We walked around Mandalay Bay and found Border Grill. The chips and salsa they bring to the table is really good. I had the shrimp tacos which comes with a side of rice and beans for lunch. YUM. It wasn't anything special but it was tasty. Service is decent too. I would recommend it!
2	For $18+ avg per plate I would expect above average food. The food was VERY disappointing. Quantities were small, not enough for an adult. Kids food was dry and tough.Service was good. Guacamole was okay. Salsa was decent.
3	Great location overlooking the pool and the food was good!  A little pricey for how basic the meals were, but nothing above the norm for the M.Bay.
5	Group of 6 on a 4 day vacay in LVSunday, 11am, made reservations (didn't seem necessary that early)Our waiter (so sorry I don't remember his name) was awesome and did an excellent job of guiding us through the all-you-can-eat small plate brunch menu option ($35).  Add in the $5 bottomless mimosas and this was a great dining experience.  Out of our table of 6, 4 of us did the AYCE small plates and we shared them, family-style.  Our waiter suggested that they bring out everything on the AYCE menu for us to try in waves.  I was in 7th heaven!  All the small plates were awesome; my favorites being the pork brisket, fritatta, churro tots, and several others that I can't recall.  And each round of mimosas were something new for us to try: pomegranate, peach, prickly pear, etc.  It was a great experience with an opportunity to try a lot of different items.  I called it a lazy man's buffet because they bring it all to your table!  I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting so yummy Mexican brunch food.
4	Met a college buddy today for lunch at the bar!He ordered the shrimp tacos, I did the fish. We then traded each other one. This fish was moist, topped with a nice slaw and creamy guacamole. The shrimp, a bit spicy but tasty. They too had a nice slaw topping. Both were served with black beans, a cilantro rice and spanish rice. Both rices were very flavorful. Speaking of flavor, the trio of sauces and chips they serve you before hand are delicious. The green sauce... I could drink by the gallon! Service was great and quick... Definitely a place to reccommend to friends who are staying at Mandalay Bay. For locals, its not the easiet place to get into...
4	Stopped in for the Sunday brunch and was not disappointed.Brunch consists of a large menu of small plate items to choose from, all made as you order.Everything I had was wonderful, except for the bacon and peanut butter biscuit thing. Just not a good combo of flavors, even though I love bacon.The machaca chilaquiles were wonderful, as well as their eggs Benedict. When you get the brunch though, be prepared to eat a LOT of eggs.I think it was about $30 per person, but it was good quality food. For another...$8 I think, you can add bottomless mimosas. You can even get one more mimosa to go :)If you're in Vegas and need a great hangover recovery meal, this is it.
2	Ok this is not at all like the original in Santa Monica, CA. The food was salty salty salty. Terrible. Terrible margies. Overall, sucky. I do not recommend this place.
5	Suprising as yummy as Santa Monica .I'll be back ! Open one in Scottsdale will u ?
3	I've been here 3 times and each time I enjoyed the Queso Fundido.  If you don't speak Spanish, I'll translate: queso means 'cheese' and fundido means 'to salt the living shiitt out of'.  Expect to be thirsty for at least a week afterwards.  The rest of the menu is mainly ok, but not great.  The staff tends to chat with themselves about their family while ignoring you, but once I had a bartender who supplied me with many types of cocktails while taking the time to explain what was in each one.
4	I'm really surprised at how all over the place the reviews are. Makes me feel lucky they were "on" during our dinner, because we had a really terrific meal all around. The waiter was friendly, patient, and helpful. One person at my table was having a hard time choosing between entrees so he brought out samples of the two sauces -- that's just one example. Suggesting without "up selling" is a talent and he had it. Runners were equally friendly and helpful, etc. The only exception was the hostess, a young girl who was so apathetic and unhelpful that I'm thinking she was doing her job at gunpoint. When we left I thanked her (forgetting momentarily what a bad first impression she'd given) and she didn't even look up from her Kindle, much less respond. Must have been an awesome book, maybe "How to Alienate Potential Customers."Margaritas were on the light side, true, but tasty and it was 100 degrees on the patio so probably just as well they weren't loaded. One of my friends had a fresh cherry mojito that is literally the best mixed drink I've ever tasted. Ingredients so fresh I momentarily rethought my hatred of rum. Chips were fresh and the 3 salsas were wonderful but the Guacamole wasn't a star. I don't need or expect tableside fresh guac but there was way too much lime in it, which makes me think they keep it around a while. I tasted lime rather than avocado, bad news.We were warned portions were huge (thanks again, mr. waiter) so we skipped apps and went straight to the entrees. I had the carnitas, which had amazing flavor and were served over black beans and some kind of mashed quinoa that were like light, buttery mashed potatoes. The combo was delicious and unique. The portion was indeed enormous and I only was able to get through half of it. Friends had the poblano enchiladas and the taquitos. The enchiladas were yummy, the closest I've had north of the border to a certain preparation I've had in Mexico City. The taquitos were a little bland but only by comparison. Sorry for the limited review, but we were stuffed after that! Prices were high-ish, but compared to other (lesser) Vegas chef joints it seemed reasonable. 3 of us left buzzed and very full for $150 including a generous tip. As I've mentioned in other reviews, I'm no world food expert, but I do know Mexico Mexican, so a note about "authentic" Mexican: Mexico is a huge country with many regions and styles of cooking. Your local place in Minnesota or San Diego may be run by Pueblans, Campechans, or Baja Californians, who have their own ideas of what Mexican food is, and no doubt they've changed the food to suit Yanqui palettes, or just because it's more difficult to find certain ingredients. (If I hear one more Californian tell me only THEY know what "real" Mexican is, I'm gonna nuke the San Andreas fault. The Californian Mexican I've tried is a very specific import from Baja and border states that isn't representative of much of the country's cuisine.) I go to Mexico City about 1-2 times a year and Border Grill is somewhat like upscale restaurants in that city, though maybe more varied (DF restaurants tend to be more regional while Border Grill is all over the place). Thus I found Border Grill more "authentic" than many places I've tried that are run by 1st-generation Mexicans. Just saying.
5	We walked to hell and back to get here... all the way from the Mirage! It was long but we were happy to get seated immediately and have a frosty peachy sangria. It was delicious and came in a large glass. Yum! Very good for a sweet sangria lover. We also started with guacamole, which was good. Loved the chips here, as they were just salty enough. They bring you 3 kinds of salsa, and our waitress also brought us a very hot version, which my friend enjoyed more than I, as I'm not a spice lover. The guacamole portion was huge! I ordered the plantain empanadas, and my friend ordered the vegetable quesadilla. We didn't think we'd be able to eat an entree after all those chips and guacamole. Plus the heat had gotten to us and we weren't as hungry as we could've been. Our waitress recommended the empanadas, as I was on the fence about what I wanted. She described them as sweet and salty. The "dough" instead of being dough was from plantain, and they were stuffed with black beans, cheese, and poblanos. They were really delicious! My friend enjoyed her quesadilla, which was huge and came with more guac and sour cream, plus pico de gallo. We ordered a brownie dessert to share, and it was large! It came with ice cream and was rich and delicious.Our service here was the crowning jewel. Jamie was our server and she rocked! She was personable, gave great service, chatted with us and gave us great recommendations. She was the best server we had in Vegas. We'd definitely come back (and take a cab next time)!
5	How is this possible? This is at least a four+ restaurant. The service was excellent, as was the food. The fact that it's  Mary Sue Milliken and Susan Feniger's restaurant, and I am a huge food show junky, doesn't hurt as well. They are the best duo!We had a group of 8 on the back patio, which was the perfect setting in Las Vegas summer. It overlooks the "lazy river" at Mandalay Bay, but at night it just looks like trees. The server was attentive and took care of whatever we needed. The price was not bad, and everyone loved the food so much we came back 2 more times. 2 more times people!!The best of the best is the Chili Poblano Burger. (I think thats what it is called). Also, the baja fish tacos that are fried are very good. Just enough batter to salsa/toppings ratio. The Peach Lemonade is a very refreshing non-alcoholic drink too.Sit outside if you can -  It's the best spot!
4	Was very for a short period of time but managed to enjoy an amazing margarita as well as their Kobe Beef Tacos. From the hostess to the seating girl to the waiter everyone was very nice, polite and helpful. I asked the poor waiter several questions and hey helped me make some great choices! My fiance had a chile relleno stuffed with cheese, potato, and some slaw that was delicious as well. It is quiet a walk to get to through Mandalay Bay but it is good and you wont be disappointed if you like mexican style food!!
4	My favorite place that I ate in the Mandalay Bay!  Had the ceviche duo (YUM) and tried the veggie quesadilla (just ok).  Service was ok, and the watermelon lemonade blew me out of the water - best lemonade ever!
3	The food is OK but I did find they have a very heavy hand with sour flavors here. They give you three sauces with your chips. One is smokey, another is spicy and the green one was painfully sour. I went with the lunch special that was a halibut Torta. I thought it was nice that I could have spicy watermelon instead of fries. The watermelon was marinated in too much sour lime juice and was very painful to eat. The torta was OK but had a small amount of fish compared to the very large roll. My husband had the lunch burrito that was filled with chicken rice and black beans. He said it was OK because the chicken was moist but could have used some sauce in it.OK food, it will do.
5	Delicious food, amazing service, great drinks, good vibe.
5	When we were planning our trip to Vegas, my boyfriend knew one thing: we were going to go to Border Grill for brunch.  With an menu boasting an all-you-can-eat tapas and $5 bottomless mimosas, it really didn't take any convincing on my part, especially since we hadn't really ever been able to get to the Border Grills in LA.The restaurant itself is contemporary looking, with big line drawings on the wall and an open feeling to it.  We were sat immediately on the outside patio that looks out over the Mandalay Bay Pool, not a bad place to sit at all.Their menu is tapa style and you order the ones want throughout the meal.  I was determined to try them all, and got a decent way through the menu.  I think we could all agree the short rib hash was the most amazing thing we put in our mouth, but the shrimp and grits gave it a run for its money.  You also cannot leave without trying their churro tots, so make that part of your selection too!The food was so amazing, and totally worth the price (especially because you're in Vegas) and add the $5 unlimited mimosas, and try all the different types they offer!  This is a must go to while in Vegas!
4	I really enjoyed my brunch here! We tried several things since items are served tapas style. This is a big plus for me since I can never decide on one item to try. I love options!Green Corn Tamale - Very good! Slightly sweet tamale served with pico de gallo and sour cream. A good combination of both sweet and savory.Yucatan Egg Benedict - very different from traditional eggs benedict, but delicious. They are served on a homemade corn biscuit and topped with shredded pork. Yum! Mexican Rice pudding parfait - I love rice pudding! This wasn't the best I've had, but good. Plantain empanadas - These were good but probably my least favorite part of the meal. Machaca Chilaquiles - everyone at the table agreed that the chilaquiles were the best item we ordered. Very cheesy and flavorful.Peruvian Shrimp and Grits - another favorite. I loved the sauce! The grits were also quite tasty. Guava Empanadas - flaky and perfectly sweet. Fruit - Fresh except for the strawberries. Slightly disappointing since strawberries are my favorite. It included honeydew, cantaloupe, strawberries and pineapple. Bottomless Kinky Mimosa (passion fruit, pomegranate and blood orange) - yum! I'd never think to combine those flavors in one drink, but I approve!I would highly recommend checking this place out!
2	Great atmosphere and customer service... This restaurants best selling points. food was only ok - priced way to high for what you get.
3	Okay, so there I was, this past June, in Las Vegas,  for the Licensing Expo. I had no idea of the reputation of this place, I just knew it was supposed to have really good Mexican food. I had the shrimp tacos.  They were very good, but kinda salty. They had three kinds of salsa. Oddly, the mildest one was the tastiest. ( I LOVE spicy food.)  I enjoyed the food, but I suspect that I did not choose the "WOW" items on the menu...The place was extremely busy and full, and thus, kinda loud. Our waitstaff was  distracted/forgetful, and not as on the ball as I would expect. Must have been a very busy day.I see mention of bottomless mimosas and all you can eat tapas....THAT has my attention. Maybe next year I'll get to check them out.
2	I really it the first time we ate there but on our last visit I had such a terrible service and shrimp dish wasn't good. I almost inclined to rate this one star based on my last experience. We came with a big party of 16 people and I get it that it not the easiest task for a server to help a big party like that when you are busy. They split us in two tables by outside patio. This is where it got bad. Somehow my friends sitting on the other table, which actually is basically next to mine, got their food 45 minutes after we started eating. Only thing we got from them was a lot of sorries eventhough the bill came out to $700 with tip. And my shrimp dish some lemon shrimp dish was mediocre at best. I will pass on this place from now on.
3	I was served some salsa (3 types) and tortillas when I ordered my dinner. The three salsas served with the tortillas were very good. The prices for the entrees are on the pricy side for a classical Mexican menu. I had the chile relleno. It was good,  but not the best I have had. The staff was great, and service was fast.
2	I've always liked the Border Grill in Los Angeles, so I thought I'd take my family to the one in Las Vegas while we were there recently. It's cute, and the food is decent enough. But the service is not nearly as good as the one in L.A. We had two vegetarians in the group who absolutely couldn't eat onions--which eliminates 99% of the menu--and the server did not offer to see what he could do to accommodate. Just kind of shrugged and said, "Sorry." Mid-way through dinner, our table of six was forgotten about. No refills on tea or other drinks. We had to really work to get dessert. All in all, definitely not worth the price for this kind of service. Wouldn't return.
4	Delicious Mexican food. We stopped in for dinner after Photoshop World. Friendly fast service. Airconditioned. Wonderful carne asada. Great salsas especially the green one. unlimited chips. So nice to be able to order Diet Pepsi. Pretty expensive like the other restaurants at the Mandalay hotel, but the plates were full enough for 2 of us to ask for take home boxes. We ate lunch there a couple of years ago. Soft tacos and enchiladas were just as good last week as before.
5	Got no complaints. I showed up here for a lunch alone during a conference and the special was a braised pork taco plate. I checked the toppings closely (don't eat tomatoes or weird things) and it sounded great. As soon as I was seated someone brought me chipotle salsa, which I devoured (two of them!) with chips. When the tacos came out, there was guacamole on them & I was so confused. It said it nowhere on the description. I'd already ate the beams but he immediately took it back and had them remake it (even more beans and yummy rice!) THe ambiance was upper scale mexican, and I sat outside so I could look over at the Mandalay Pool area. The large fan will keep you cool enough and the seats are totally comfy.
4	I was dining alone and was offered a table outside on the patio overlooking the pool. View is nothing special but it was a beautiful day so it was nice to enjoy the fresh air. Server was friendly, helpful and knowledgeable on the menu. This was my first visit so I decided to try "The Ultimate Border Grill Experience" 3-course meal which offered a sampler plate of apps, and your choice of entree and dessert. I chose the grilled Skirt Steak and Tres Leches cake. All of the food was good and I had an enjoyable dinner before catching my flight back home.
2	Of all of the restaurants that we ate at during our stay at the Mandalay Bay this was the worst experience of them all! We had a large group, so that might have been the problem, but it took forever to get our drinks. Some of us didn't get them at all. Then refills took forever rather they were alcoholic or non!! The chips were good but the salsa was not. Also, trying to get salt to add to my chips was a nightmare! I asked 3 people for it! The menu was pretty expansive and had a lot of new mexican food and traditional mexican food. The table ordered nachos, quesadillas, ceviche, tortas, tacos and guacamole.  The best of all of it was the guacamole but as you can guess there was NOT enough of it for the money! I know its Vegas but if you are going to pay $10 for guacamole at least give me one whole avocados worth of dip!! The tacos were VERY SMALL, they are more like street tacos, so if you are looking for big portions do not order this. However they were very tasty! The nachos were probably the biggest hit at the table. The crab and steak ones were tasty and plentiful, you could share these with two people. The service was also very slow and not what you would expect at a resort like Mandalay Bay! I was very upset with the waitress by the end of the meal.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Los Angeles has made it to Las Vegas.The vibrantly colored, upscale Mexican restaurant with cuisine created by celebrity chefs Susan Feniger and Mary Sue Milliken has been a legend in Santa Monica for decades, but they recently expanded their business by opening a new restaurant in Downtown LA, sending a food trucks out into the streets of Los Angeles, and launching a location in Mandalay Bay. I'm happy to say that the Vegas version of the iconic restaurant lives up to the reputation of the original created by the "Two Hot Tamales."Stuffed Plantains, Chile Rellenos, slow-cooked Carnitas... the menu is made entirely of perfectly crafted Mexican deliciousness. And their strong, flavorful, and Margaritas are unforgettable (unless you drink too many, in which case you'll forget more than the drinks you had at the restaurant).The Mandalay version also features the same energetic and colorful graffiti art  on the walls that the Santa Monica version is known for, with views of Mandalay's pool area.I love The Border Grill so much and the Vegas version does not disappoint.
4	Outstanding weekend brunch!!  We had been drinking til wee hours and were on the fence about rolling out of bed at noon to do this. I am sure glad we did.  Eating on the outdoor patio is definitely where it's at.  Mandalay Bay still has one of the prettiest pools in town and you can even enjoy the outdoor concerts at night without buying a ticket fyi.Initial thoughts glancing over the menu was that a group of chefs in a bong circle came up with all of it.  How else does one come up with a "bacon jalapeno peanut butter and jelly sandwich"?   That was surprisingly good and definitely hit the hangover spot but probably would've even tasted better at 4:20am for some I reckon.  The "short rib hash and egg" was another standout.  I felt like I could actually taste the negra modelo the beef was braised in but it was more likely my lingering beer breath.  I also can't say no to machaca ever and their chilaquiles were something I gladly had thirds of.  Weekend brunches are getting more extravagent by the week on the strip and so are the prices.  $29.99 for all you can eat plus only $5 more for bottomless mimosas makes me feel like I got an amazing deal.  My only wish was that they ran this until 4pm instead of 2pm.  Gogogogogogo!!
4	Was at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center and instead of eating at the food court, I wanted something a bit better.  Border Grill is actually in between the convention center and the casino so decided to check out Vegas's location.The place was pretty packed, thanks to the convention crowds.  Originally I wanted to grab a seat at the bar since I was by myself, but Vegas was storming, so the end of the bar was actually wet from water leaking from the roof!  Mandalay Bay definitely was showing its age... but I was able to grab a small table at the bar area without waiting thanks to one of the really friendly waitress!I've been the LA's Border Grill a few times, but only for happy hour so I was pretty excited to check out the regular menu.  Asked the waiter what his favorite was and went with the Carne Asada Quesedilla.  It's essentially their carne asada, with several types of cheeses.  It's not the best carne asada I've had, but the beef was good.  Quality's good and I like how the tortilla is crunchy.  I wish it was cheesier but the pico de gallo and the guac goes very well with the quesedilla!  If you want to add rice & beans, it's an additional $4 on top of the $18 for the quesedilla.  A little pricey for quesedilla, but the quality's good.Food alone, it probably was a little average, but the service was great, from the waitress that helped me at the beginning, to my server.They definitely need to fix the leaking problem though :P
1	This review is for Sunday brunch menu. Came here on the recommendation of our server from Verandah when we were there for RW. Brunch is my favorite meal, and this was so disappointing.  We had a reservation for the patio, which was basically a fully covered seating area with one half of it open, wouldn't exactly call it a patio. The brunch menu is tapas style, all you can eat for $29.99, and you can add bottomless mimosas for $5. There was about 18 items on the menu, and since there was 3 of us we decided to just try everything and go down the menu. Brunch was started with fresh fruit that was drizzled with some kind of mango sauce and also guava empanadas (fresh fruit would have been great without the sauce on top). I started noticing a theme after the first 4 dishes came out. Everything was so sweet and heavily sauced. The Green Corn Tamale was so sweet each of us could only handle two bites, the Mexican Rice Pudding Parfait (I love rice pudding) was so overpowered my the taste of cinnamon it wasn't edible. The Bacon Jalapeno PBJ intrigued me, I am really into wierd food combinations, this was basically Jiffy PB & grape jelly thrown on a biscuit. No points. The Peruvian Shrimp & Grits I was excited about as well, but the grits were stuck together and hard like they had been sitting prepared for awhile. The Yucatan Eggs Benedict had shredded pork, again I we tasted was cinnamon, we asked if there was a mole sauce on it and our waitress said no, it was what the meat was marinated in. I came to the conclusion that the ingredients they use were sub par, so having to marinate the meats to cover the meat is what they do. Pork shouldn't need a lot of added marinate. The only item that the 3 of us actually finished was the Skirt Steak & Egg and the Huevos Rancheros. Pretty bad odds out of 18 dishes. On to the $5 bottomless mimosas, I should have known not to go there, they offered 5 different flavors to add to the champagne, we each tried them and couldn't finish any. I mean I know they aren't serving PJ but rather Korbel....I had the worst headache for the rest of the day after that crap. Have you ever felt so gross and swollen and lethargic after eating a terrible meal? Well this is exactly how I felt. If you're looking for a Spanish style brunch, check out Firefly's brunch.
5	I come here for the brunch and bottomless mimosas every chance I get. SO DELICIOUS. I usually don't like Mexican food, but this stuff is spectacular. The churro tots are divine.
5	Awesome food. Guacamole is delicious, and make sure you ask for the habanero salsa if you like spicy. Chet's secret specials never disappoint.
5	My fiance and I were at Mandalay bay booking our wedding ceremony site and were so confused as to where we were going to have our reception.  We walked into Border Grill (with no appointment) and was helped right away.  Destiny is the banquet coordinator and was 110% helpful, she worked within our budget and set up an on the spot drink and food taste test.  We were amazed by the service and even more so by the food!!  We sat upstairs on the patio and overlooked the lazy river and one of the pools, very relaxing.  Destiny answered all of our questions and made us feel like we were the only couple there, mind you she had about 3 weddings going on and was running back and forth to check on us.  We have no doubt Border Grill will make our special day absolutly amazing.  Thank you Destiny and the rest of the team at Border Grill :-)- Desiree and Mando
5	If you want to treat yourself to authentic, creative, and just plain yummy Mexican food, it's GOTTA be Border Grill! Brought to life by the Two Hot Tamales and their amazing Chef Mike, Border Grill has something for every mexican food lover. My favorites are the Beef Brisket Taquitos, the Yucatan Pork (carnitas, black beans and grits, OH MY!) and the Tres Leches cake for desert. If you're a Margarita lover like me, treat yourself to a Cadillac Margarita that is topped with Grand Marnier with lots of extra salt, on the rocks. I can't say enough about this restaurant. The ambience is killer. The staff is attentive. The ingredients are fresh. It's just the best all around. As a native Southern Californian, this has my LA girl seal of approval for Mexican!
4	I went for the famed brunch with one of my trusty restaurant.com coupons. Small plates have become just about my favorite thing in Vegas, mostly because I'm gluttonous, but also because I like to try all the different flavors. Brunch seemed to be the best use of my certificate!We were seated immediately overlooking the pools--what a cool view! Our server came by and took drink orders. My friend who was flying out that day ordered bottomless mimosas, and I, her trusty chauffer, went for the minty lime "refresher" that was basically a mojito without booze or simple syrup. It was delicious and its title as a refresher was apt. We ordered a few to start, but the server informed us that he would be sending some things our way as well.We ended up trying nearly every small plate on the menu. Standouts for us were the rajas taco, shrimp and grits, breakfast enchilada, biscuit and gravy, french toast/bread pudding, Oaxacan pancakes, egg benedict, and the fresh fruit with the passion fruit sauce. (I just basically listed the whole menu for good ones. Not so much were the plantain, black bean and cheese empanadas (they were straight up weird) and the jalepeno PBJ (again, weird, and somehow misses the mark). The PBJ was served on a little biscuit with an egg, bacon, peanut butter, jelly,  and raw jalepenos. It didn't work for me. When we started ordering, the server asked how we wanted our eggs prepared for egg dishes, and so it was assumed that I wanted an over easy egg for the PBJ--I think maybe scrambled would have worked better? But I wasn't entirely sold on the flavor combination.I deducted a star for the cramped seating on the patio. Every time I moved outside my little box to put on a sweater or stretch my arms, I felt like there was a server or server assistant right behind me. I watched Phineas and Ferb on a girl's cell phone with remarkable clarity two tables away. It was too close and I couldn't imagine being a server there with alllll those plates to get out. They did it all amazingly, though I wish there was a little more space for dining.I want to try the other meals here! I loved the decor inside and it seemed to be a fun place, if off the beaten path of Mandalay Bay.
4	You got to love the grilled fish tacos.  Petite sized tacos stuffed full of halibut, cabbage and a wonderful Mexican style guacamole.  Three stars right there.  The green and red rice is a perfect foil, and better yet, the black beans finish it.
3	Recently visited Border Grill for lunch due to it's close proximity to the Mandalay Bay Convention Center. Overall, the food was good. I ordered the grilled fish tacos and while good, they really were not anything special. The service was great though and the bar area had nice ambiance. I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here again but definitely one of the better places near the Convention Center if that is where you find yourself :)
5	This place is so sick. Our servers summer and Tim were awesome! 5 stars for sure for the brunch.
4	Went on Sunday for their all you can eat tapas and was impressed! Neat takes on benedicts and also mexican food, and they also had churro tots which were awesome.
5	I felt so proud to share the Border Grill with my husband. I was a manager for them in 2003-2005 and even though the layout of the second floor has changed the delicious creations in the kitchen have not.We started off with the queso/ chorizo appetizer. It was so scrumptious that it was gone before we knew it. I had the pina coloda with toasted coconut. Wow what a drink. I love the chicken quesadilla, something I crave! You can not beat the fresh hand made tortillas of Border Grill. We also shared the Border Grill Classics. I wanted my husband to taste the well balanced flavors of the empanada and the sweet corn tamale. They were just as if  had tasted them in the years of my employment.Thank you Border Grill Mary and Susan. I loved working for you and your flavorful fare did not disappoint and impressed that of my beloved.
4	I had their brunch buffet ($30) and added the unlimited mimosas ($5).  It was not like normal buffets.  The brunch buffet menu had 18 dishes.  You can order as many of those dishes you want for the brunch buffet.  I tried nine of the dishes.  The steak and eggs were pretty good.  I also like the Egg Benedict dish.
4	Ah the Yucatan Pork dish. How far I've traveled just to eat you. (Boston.) Well, while not entirely true, I did make Border Grill the first stop on our gluttonous trip through Vegas, and my friends agreed that it was delicious. The guacamole is also not to missed. Our waiter may have been a sociopath with a bright future in sales, as my group all succumbed to his recommendations -- and were not disappointed.
4	Went here for lunch with coworkers and everyone really enjoyed it.  I think it is a great place for lunch and wouldn't mind going back for dinner.
4	Been here twiceactually - In the summer of 2011, some vendors suggested drinks and dinner here. Fusion TexMex fare. The grilled steak Carne Asada tacos with carmelized onions were good but the sauteed mushrooms were out of this world and were only $6. It was crowded and busy so the staff did their best considering. The Limeade was great. The second one was even better!
4	Love this place! Brunch and bottomless mimosas on weekends...si por favor!My favorite dish is the carnitas. Their Baja ceviche is great as well.  Their rice is NOT my favorite at all, too bland.  No really, it's BLAND.  They do have a delicious quinoa salad though.
4	Came here for brunch - brunch is $29.95 all you can eat tapas style plus $5 for bottomless mimosas. The mimosas come with different flavors - orange, pomengranate, peach, and mango. The food is pretty good. I would recommend the sweet corn tamale and the potato rojas taco. On my blog (wordpress.dplumly.com), I wrote a full critique of all the dishes that we tried. For Vegas, I think its a pretty good deal. TIP - It opens around 10 for brunch and ends around 3 on Saturdays and Sundays. We came at 2:30 and the kitchen closed down on us so we didn't necessarily get to try everything and they "ran out" of champagne. I highly recommend getting there early and planning to spend your morning/afternoon eating and drinking away.
4	Came here for lunch during a convention (reservations definitely needed). The short rib taco special was tasty, as was the recommended guacamole. Portions were perfect if you don't want to overeat for lunch. The service was prompt considering it was packed. They really advertised the celebrity chefs, but they were no where to be seen. While the food was good, it did not "wow" me - I have been to many other gourmet Mexican restaurant that have.
5	This place was so good I had to come again. The Tomatillo salsa first off is amazing! Bright and citrusy and the chips are obviously not Tostidos. I had the Yucatan Pork and it was just delicious. I hate yams but the yams it came with were amazing and complimented the warm home made corn tortillas wonderfully. A little pork, some yams, and those tortillas was heaven. Love on a plate! The second time I went I had the special which was Short rib tacos with a roasted corn salsa and cheese grits on top of their home made corn tortillas. It was dry rubbed so it had a nice spice to it and just fell apart. Delicious, amazing, delicious, no words can describe how amazing it was. I will def. be going to the Border Grill close to my house in Santa Monica, I am a customer for life. Autumn was amazing. One of the best servers I have had since I was in Vegas though the 2 days I went to Border Grill the hostesses were sub part. One was suppose to bring me a bunch menu and just completely forgot and it wasn't even busy. That aside this place was pretty much flawless!
5	sooooo good!! best flavors.  salsas were amazing. mojitos and margaritas best ever!
4	This place is great for brunch. We came there for lunch and made reservation through Open Table. We got seated outside which is a nice change considering we dined inside a lot in Vegas. I had the three fish tacos. It came with Green & Red Rice and also Black Beans. Tacos were tasty. Service was good and they accept restaurant.com certificate as well. Lunch for 4 after the certificate came up to $60. Not too bad for Vegas and well know chefs restaurant. We will be back.
3	Border Grill in Mandalay Bay is probably one of the better cusines in the Resort. For lunch, I have tried the grilled chicken torta, this is a sandwich which consists of jalapeno bacon, poblano aioli, saint andre cheese, roasted poblano, caramalized onion and avocado. I have also tried several other appetizers such as the chicken quesedillas, sauteed shrimp,  empanadas and bacon wrapped dates. All of which are pretty good. I would probably eat here again if I was staying at Mandalay.
4	I absolutely love Border Grill. It is one of my favorite restaurants on the strip. I especially love their weekend Border Brunch! With unlimited mimosa and all you can eat small plates, this restaurant is a must visit when in Vegas. Chef Mike's Bacon Jalapeno PBJ, Yucatan Egg Benedict and Churro Tot's are to die for! They have an outdoor patio and bar area that is perfect during the summer. Overlooking the Mandalay Bay pool, it always feels like you are on vacation!
2	Border Grill - Mandalay BayOur last night in Las Vegas, we decided to take a stroll over to Mandalay Bay and have dinner at Border Grill. This place was highly recommended on the gluten free sites and showed on their website to have a dedicated gluten free menu, so needless to say I was pumped to check it out. The hostess was not very friendly. I gotta say that I am a stickler for happy, positive employees because they are the face of your business and crucial to customer satisfaction. I was pleased to see such a large gluten free menu until I opened it and realized 2 of the pages were filled with alcohol choices. We decided to try the Queso Fundido, which they brought out with corn tortillas and the chips are gluten free there. The dip was pretty tasty for sure but it didn't knock my socks off. Our waiter was aware of celiac disease and gluten free preparations so that made me feel at ease too during our time there. I ordered a shrimp and rice which came out on a plate filled with rice and then a strip of shrimp down the middle. The rice was in a pool of liquids making it a bit soggy. I have to say that I can't stand wet rice so I just ate the rice off the top and picked at the shrimp. The dish was disappointing and I didn't leave there feeling like I had an amazing gluten free dish coming from somewhere that specifically has a gluten free menu. The cost of my 10 small shrimp and rice was also $28 which I found to be completely out of line for the quality of the dish. Now, had that dish come out and completely wowed me, I wouldn't blink at spending $28 on vacation in Las Vegas for dinner. It just didn't do it for me so I can tell you I won't likely go back on my trip to Las Vegas next year. I would recommend Border Grill because they are educated and understand gluten free meals but I'm not sure it would be my first pick for someone. It's the safe choice.
5	Best brunch I've had in years, and our best meal of the trip. We took a trip to Vegas for my 30th birthday this past weekend and originally planned on trying out a Bobby Flay restaurant.  Once I realized Susan Feniger had a place attached to our hotel (we were at the Luxor) I changed our plans - I have the chance to eat at a Bobby Flay place any day of the week but Feniger only has restaurants on the west coast.  Anyway.  We had a reservation for 11:30am through OpenTable.  When we arrived we were greeted warmly by the hostesses who took us immediately to our choice of table - outside  on the patio flanked by two heaters.  Our server, Christopher, was right over to see us and was incredibly friendly.  He honestly made what was already a wonderful experience twice as great because he was attentive, helpful, and really enthusiastic.  We placed our bottomless mimosa orders - one classic, one grapefruit, one white peach, and one pomegranate - and he brought them right away and kept bringing them.  Often they showed up when we were only halfway through the last one.  The four of us had 23 mimosas and we were only there about an hour and 15 minutes so they weren't skimping on the drinks.  They were all great, but I was partial to the peach.  Very fresh and tasty.I had hoped we would try everything on the menu of all you can eat tapas (for $29?  what a bargain!) but we ended up way too full.  We did try all of these:Guava Empanada - These came out before we ordered and I passed, as I'm not a fan of guava.  One of our friends has celiacs and cannot eat gluten so he also passed.  The other two said they were hot, flaky, and delicious.Biscuit and Chipotle Gravy - We got a platter of four servings done of these (easier if everyone wants to try something) in our first flight of items and they were very good, but not great.  Chorizo and Egg Taco - This is on all of our lists of best things we ate there, as well as the entire trip.  The tortilla was clearly made in house, fresh, and very tasty.  Had there been room in our stomachs at the end, we would have gone for another platter.Frittata Tart - Another of our first items, this was so light and tasty I was kind of amazed.  We spent a good 15 minutes discussing egg white techniques to figure out how this was done.  Peruvian Shrimp and Grits - Glad we ordered a platter of these, because otherwise I would have had to scrape everyone elses plates.  The shrimp were delicious, the grits were easily the creamiest and best I've ever had (hard to admit, for a born southerner), and the sauce was something I could see eating on everything.  Literally.  Forever.  We did everything short of licking the plate clean.Yucatan Egg Benedict - This was also very delicious, and the key was the crispy carnitas stuffed inside the bread under the egg.  A great combo of sweet and spicy, creamy and crunchy.  I'd easily eat a full size portion of this for breakfast.Crispy Potato Rajas Taco - Crispy fried potatoes inside a fried tortilla shell drizzled in creamy spicy sauce, grilled corn, and avocado.  Nothing crazy, but still tasty.  I imagine these would be a great hangover food.Machaca Chilaquiles - I was the only one at the table who knew what this was before it came, so it was great to see this be the first time my friends had chilaquiles.  These were delicious.  Just enough crunch left from the chips to give it a great texture.  Churro Tots - No shame, I ordered two plates of these just for myself.  So good.  Light and fluffy inside, crispy outside.  Hot and cinnamony, just little balls of perfection.  Who knows what the two dipping sauces tasted like, I was too busy shoving them down my gullet to care.   Green Corn Tamale - Sweet and creamy, but not heavy.  These were a bit of a surprise as I had misread the menu and thought they were green CHILE tamales, but nonetheless we scraped the husks clean.Breakfast Enchilada - This was delicious.  Fresh and bright, a hint of citrus, and not overly goopy and cheesy like restaurant enchiladas you usually find.  Short Rib Hash and Egg - This was easily the ugliest dish we ate all day, and hands down the overwhelming favorite.  We shared one portion, then promptly ordered three more.  The meat was mouthwatering, the onions were perfect, and what could have been easily ruined by an ill prepared egg was accented by the perfectly scrambled ones atop each portion.  We talked about this dish in bed that night and on the flight home.  I can seriously throw down in the kitchen but I don't know about recreating this little plate of awesome.  It was so great, I'd be scared to tarnish our memories of it. My one friend is rarely one to wholeheartedly recommend a place to eat - if you ask her about somewhere she's been she will only recommend somewhere that gets a full five star rating from her.  She said halfway through the meal that she would easily tell someone they had to eat brunch here.  We all agreed, wholeheartedly.
2	so i read a lot about this place. it was supposed to be one of the best mexican places in LV. at least on the strip. i will say the service was good but i use service really only if it was exceptional or miserable, or if it was good or bad as influence if i am not sure about the food. to me food is the main indicator for a rating. and the food here was just not that good. it was more calimex or tex-mex but not mex-mex. but to be honest it was mostly salt-mex. because every dish was way too salty. in that price range there are way better restaurants in LV and for good mexican it might be better to get away from the strip.
5	Had brunch here two weekends ago. Cannot express how wonderful it was.  We struggled to rank the items in order of deliciousness because each was as good as the next. I recommend the short rib hash, the shrimp and the tacos as a few of the best things I have ever eaten - with no exaggeration. And (here comes an incredibly egotistical sounding statement) I have eaten at many very famous restaurants.  Our server Christopher really made the experience special. Ask for him and tip him well!
5	The best kept secret and deal in Vegas !!!!! As a frequent visitor to Vegas  and self proclaimed foodie, I have tried every celebrity chef restaurant up and down the strip. This is the jackpot, I do not like mass made food like buffets where food gets overcooked as it sits under heast lamps, here everything is cooked to order and is worth the wait. At 29.99 with an extra $5 for unlimited mimosas, not a better bargain
5	The brunch is well worth the money. The food and service were excellent.  Will definitely be going back.
5	The dinner is very good, don't get me wrong, but it's right on the edge of "I think I'm paying too much for this". The brunch, though? Oh lordy lordy, the brunch...I will attempt to describe it in my mere mortal words. Bottomless mimosas for $5. I could probably end the review right there.Endless small plates for $30. The plates are so amazingly delicious. My mortal words fail me! And don't forget to ask for the Chef's Special plate. He's always got something new you can try that isn't on the menu, and you can follow him on Twitter to find out what it is or just ask for it when you get there. I haven't had a brunch plate yet that I'm not a fan of. Border Grill also takes pride in having their ingredients be fresh and as locally-sourced as possible. The only thing I can fault them on is that the beef isn't grass-fed, and for the price it definitely could be but I'm not going to complain too much. The chips and salsa are optional for brunch, if you tell them you're there for it they won't bring it out unless you ask for it specifically. The habanero salsa is definitely spicy, but has a GREAT flavor. I encourage you to mix and match the four salsas as well. They all go very well with each other and you can't go wrong with any combination. The guacamole is also stellar, although the portion is a bit small. It seems to me that the plate is a small pile of guac and a majority of veggies dressing up the plate. Well, maybe it's the unlimited chips that make it seem small, or the fact that everybody at the table is in a race to eat as much of it as they can before it's all gone.I go here least once a month for brunch and try to make it every chance I get. Friends that have come with me to dinner here and were only okay with the place have also jumped on board with the brunch and make a semi-regular pilgrimage as well. Seriously. Go here for brunch right now. Weekends, 11:00-15:00. Do it.
5	The best brunch you could ask for in Las Vegas. It's a tapas style, all-you-can-eat brunch, with many delicious small plates to choose from. Each weekend also has a secret dish of the day, so make sure to ask about it. And you definitely can't go wrong with $5 bottomless mimosas. I honestly haven't had one bad brunch dish yet! My top favorites: Short Rib Hash & Eggs, Bacon Jalapeno PBJ and Biscuit & Sausage Gravy.
4	It was a Christmas brunch in the making.  The guest list was set.  The location was made and it so happened to be the Border Grill in Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino.  Thank goodness this brunch was set right after the Packers Game, because I did NOT want to miss it.So I've been hearing a lot of great stuff about this place from many friends, Yelpers or not.  It's a Sunday Brunch for $29.99.  This brunch menu includes and array of tapas style small plates, ALL YOU CAN EAT!  We had a party of 8 and Border Grill was super cool to transform the small plates into a family style platter to accommodate our party.  The best part:  pay an extra $5 and you have a bottomless mimosa special.  STEAL!!!For the mimosa, I stuck to the same flavor which was amazing: the pomegranate mimosa.  They literally have a selection to choose from.  It's awesome!!  For the brunch portion, here's what I got and here's what I thought:Short Rib Hash and Eggs - Beer braised Short Ribs hashed with caramelized onions and yams with a sunny side up egg.  This dish was to die for!!  The short rib was rich in flavor from the Negro Modelo.  The yams made the dish a little sweet, but in an AH-MAZE-ING way.  Crack the egg and the yolk adds a thick depth of flavor to the dish.  I LOVED IT SOOOOO MUCH!!Peruvian Shrimp and Grits - Chile marinated shrimp, poblano chiles and Parmesan grits.  The shrimp was a little spicy but super flavorful and cooked perfectly.  I even grossed my table out with the tail.  I'm a proud Filipino who happens to love eating the crunchy tails of the shrimp.  Don't judge me! LOL.  The grits were good, but certainly an acquired taste.  Yucatan Egg Benedict - Manchego cheese biscuit, roasted pork, poached egg, hollandaise sauce served with pickled onions.  Not the favorite, that's for sure.  I don't know if it was dense and soggy biscuit, or the poached egg or the texture of the pickled onions.  Something just didn't add up.  Crispy Potato Rajas Taco - YUMMY!!  Potatoes and chiles, Mexican cheeses, guacamole, corn relish and chipotle aoili.  This was a GREAT dish!  My mouth is still salivating over this taco.  Who would have thought?!  A potato taco!Churro Tots - dulce de leche infused churros, cinnamon sugar, caramel and pear dipping sauce with whipped cream.  This was the perfect end to our very huge brunch!  The churros were little bite sized goodness and the dipping sauces were the perfect touch!!All in all, we had a great time.  We were sat on the outside deck.  Although in the winter, the warmers made it feel comfortable.  The decor was a little eclectic but it worked.  I definitely think you should try this brunch if you have not.  It's a little pricey, but perfect for the strip and great for a Holiday like Christmas!!  I'm definitely going to push for making this an annual event :)
3	For brunch on our last day in Vegas, we opted for the AYCE brunch at the Border Grill at the Mandalay. Although it is an AYCE brunch, the format is not that of a brunch buffet.  You can order as many tapas sized plates from the menu as you want.  The restaurant recommends ordering 3 per person.  We ended up ordering approximately 5 per person, but probably only ate 3-4 as some were misses that we didn't finish.  When you arrive, plates of cut fruit and guava and cheese empanadas are quickly set on the table.  Simple appetizers as they are, they were some of the best things all day.  The fruits included a spear of pineapple, a few of watermelon, honeydew, and a few slices of strawberry with a passionfruit puree.  The fruit and empananadas were a great start to the meal.  The fruit was sweet and the puree was very complimentary.  I loved the light, flaky crust of the pastry and the guava jam was delicious.  The absolute best dish of the day were the steak and eggs over a crispy potato cake.  Hot steak, crispy potatoes, egg yolk, guacamole = perfection.  Also good was the sweet corn tamale, which was subtley sweet with kernels of yellow corn inside and offset by the bright pico de gallo and the cool sour cream.  The Shrimp and Grits was also popular with its spicy sauce. Some of the other dishes didn't fare as well.  The chicken enchiladas and the chilaquiles were clearly pre-assembled and had been reheated but not to optimum temperature.  They were barely warm as compared to the hot seared steak and hot steamed tamale, above.  The flavor of the enchiladas were okay but it just wasn't hot enough and with the chilaquiles, the chips were totally soggy. Some dishes were just imbalanced.  The short rib hash with yams were overly sweet from the yams.  The PBJ biscuit with bacon, PB & J tasted exactly what you might think it would, and the eggs benedict had a bit of clashing flavors with the yucatan pork, marinated red onions and hollandaise.  Also, everything was served with pico de gallo and sour cream.  Lovely condiments, generally, but it was tiring to see them so overused.  We had little room for dessert so we asked for more fresh fruit and shared one order of the Churro Tots.  These are more like mini doughnuts rolled in cinnamon and sugar but I must admit they were nicely fried and light.  All in all, it's a good brunch concept but the food isn't perfect.   Reflecting on everything we tried, it was hard to overlook the combination of the lukewarm pre-assembled food and the not quite natural assemblage of American and Latin flavors.  If you were to come, stick with the Steak & Eggs, Shrimp & Grits and some of the more standard Mexican fare.
5	I have not had anything else on their regular menu, but anytime my friends are visiting Vegas and it is a Sunday, I bring them to brunch here.  The small tapas are all absolutely perfect. Great portions, the flavors are all there.  My favorite dishes are the Yucatan eggs Benedict, and the shrimp and grits.  All for a a 30 dollar per person.  Also if you are a local 15% is awesome.  when I have the money and time this is there i go for brunch.
5	Either this is a brainfart moment or someone at yelp is messin' with me.  I was sure i posted a review after posting several pics of my eating experience at Border Grill.The gf and I were at a poker party where we met a new foodie friend that gave high praise to the Border Grill weekend Brunch.  We decided to give it a try.  It costs $29 / person but locals get 15% off.  The added champagne option costs a reasonable $5.  You order from a special "tapas" menu and the plates are brought to you - all you can eat.  We did our best to get through all the options on the menu but not even close.  The highlights:The mexican chocolate chip pancakesthe churro totsthe banana bread french toastThe sausage biscuit/gravyThe pbjc ( peanut butter jelly and bacon ) - AWESOMEShrimp and grits - AWESOMEChicken enchilada ( the sauce was amazing)mexican eggs BenedictOk :The sweet corn tamalesthe short rib hash ( will be much better if served with an over easy egg instead of the provided scrambled eggs ) chilaquilesempanadasService was excellent and we enjoyed speaking to Chef Mike when he made the rounds in the dining roomWE ARE COMING BACK !
2	After walking around Mandalay Bay looking for 20 minutes looking for the Border Grill, we finally found it tucked away near the Shark Reef. The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the restaurant itself is very very nice. The chips? Terrible.  It comes in a tiny tin jar so you can't even get a good amount when you dip the over-cooked chips. The water they give you tastes exactly like tap water (maybe even toilet water- not that I would know). The main course I had was cheese enchillada and I have honestly never had an enchillada that looked like a pancake and tasted like throw up- until now. The rice that they provide (OH WAIT they actually charge you $5 for the rice but don't tell you) tastes like it was Uncle Bens that was made in a microwaveable pouch. The alcoholic beverages are also tiny and over priced (but was probably the highlight of the meal)Needless to say $85 for a crappy meal isn't worth it
4	I loved my meal but not the service so I'll focus on the lunch. I ordered the Yucatan Pork plate and was thoroughly impressed.  While we were waiting to be seated a woman already eating said,  "this is the worst Mexican food I've ever had." Considering the location and reputation of the chef I thought that was a little overly dramatic and possibly overstated but it still made me concerned.   Anyway the menu was full of standards--quesadillas and taco options--but I wanted to have something that required enough effort that the chef couldn't just mindlessly throw it together so I chose the Yucatan Pork.It was a business lunch so I was concerned that the portion would be a little much but I went for it and so did the gentleman seated next to me (a former bball player built like a lineman, so my portion question remained). The pork was tender, fall apart, melt in your mouth good and season perfectly. The mountain of pork was more than enough and so distracting that the tasteless tortilla accompaniment was unnecessary and unmissed.  A side of sweet plantains with a bit of crunch was excellent!  I considered taking my table mates portion since they weren't of interest to him but kept some form of etiquette and decorum.  I'm not sure what the concoction was but the black bean paste on the side was another great edition with the cheese and rice.Ignore the mile long trek through the restaurant to be seated outside on a freezing Vegas afternoon, and the young "too busy for you" waitstaff and I would go back specifically for this dish!
5	Topline: Go for Brunch if you like (hence the name) border style Mexican breakfast foods.  You won't be disappointed, and due to the way it's served, you can get all you can eat without worrying about the previous guess sneezing on your eggs.Would have never tried it due to location, but got a comp to eat at Border Grill Brunch in Mandalay. It's not a "buffet" brunch, but a tapas all you can eat for $29.99 and you can add all you can drink Mimosas for $5 (of various flavors), where they bring you tiny little plates of some of the tastiest Baja/Northern Mexican breakfast food I've ever had. Not to be missed were the Chilaquiles, the Plantain Empanada, and the Short Rib Hash and Egg. I live in Seattle, but miss the food I used to get at hole in the wall places readily in San Diego and Los Angeles. This comes mighty close, and the outdoor patio overlooks the pool area which can make for some...amusing...people watching.WARNING: This is Cali/Zona border.  This is not Tex Mex.  I read so many reviews saying things like "Lack of BBQ" or "Not really Mexican".  Mexico has regional cuisine, just like the US or any other land mass.  Just because it's not what "YOU" consider to be border food or Mexcian food, doesn't mean it isn't... Baja is not the same as Gulf.  Yucutan is not the same as Oaxacan.  This is more of the NorthWestern/Baja Mexican.  Go in knowing that, and you'll be fine!I may have stumbled upon it due to a comp as a first timer, but from here on out, it'll be the one "lock" on all my future Vegas trips.
5	About four years ago, I had the best meal of my life at Border Grill. Unfortunately, I wasn't a proud member of yelp at the time so it went largely unnoticed.  Back then, I ordered an adobada pork chop that came with mashed potatoes and greens. The thick cut pork chop was smothered in an ancho chile sauce that makes me smile just thinking about it.  Unfortunately, my wife and I didn't make it back until this past Saturday night. Was it a special occasion? No, not really.  However, thanks to our older daughter, we were able to get out for a date night- our second in almost 3 years. So, yeah I guess it was a special occasion -for us anyway.  So off we went hoping to recapture that memory of what we long considered to be one the best meals we have ever had the privilege of eating.  Before I could sit down or even look at a menu, I yelled out adobada pork chop please!  Our waiter Rob apologized and said that dish was no longer available on the regular menu.  What? What do you mean? There must be some mistake!  Rob told us that every now and then the dish is offered as a special-just not Saturday night.  Now what?Instead of walking out kicking and screaming, we decided to give the new menu a shot. I settled on the tecate carnitas plate, and my wife chose the Kobe beef sopes. My dish was presented well with the tender pork in the center of the plate surrounded by fantastic guacamole, salsa, onions, cilantro, and a crunchy slaw. Since I ordered both flour and corn tortillas, I prepared my own tacos and ate till my shoes started feeling tight. The Kobe beef sopes were great! The portion was small (3 little sopes about the size of mini muffins), but the flavor more than made up for it. The cilantro mint slaw on top was heavenly. As far as the service is concerned, we couldn't have been more satisfied. Rob was friendly, attentive, and very knowledgeable about the menu. He provided us with a 10% discount since we signed up for their rewards card a number of years ago. I am glad he asked, since I forgot we did that. Border Grill also treated us to a free dessert since my wife and I were on a date for the first time in years. Well played Border Grill-well played! Call it what you want--- tex-mex, Mexican food, or fresh-mex.  Bottom line, this place offers quality food with complex flavors that will make you want to take your wife/husband out for more dates.  Oh yeah, can someone let me know when the pork chop makes it back on the menu?
2	Got the chicken enchiladas and they were mushy and gross.  We also had the brunch tapas which were OK.  The whole in the wall Mexican joints I go to are ten times better than this place.  Not coming back.
5	What a lucky treat, we got here on Meatless Monday, I highly recommend this option for vegetarians. The service was excellent, deep knowledge of the food and preparation. I had the Molitas (off the menu) which was the highlight for me, great smokey flavor in the sauce and greens, anchoring a portobello mushroom entree. Another standout was the plantain empanada, part of the appetizer sampler along with quinoa fritters. This place was a little out of the way and it wasn't as cheap as I expected .... but was well worth it.
4	Very nice place with good crab nachos. ( had never had those before) also excellent peach lemonade!
5	I don't prefer Mexican food.  Two years of this place, and i'm in absolute love.  It's high end, gormet Mexican.  What a job they do extracting and melding flavors.  GREAT Food.  You'll find this place rigth before at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center in MB.  Great servers, awesome little outside eating area too.  You gotta have the Stuffed Corn Appetizer.  Good stuff!  2 years in a row and figured I owed them a 5* Yelp.
5	Both dishes were excellent.  From the specials menu: Lamb Tacos and Chicken Enchilada.  The Enchilada had a roasted pepper sauce and over easy eggs on top.  Such a perfect combination.There were many unique margarita options as well.  Service was thorough and snappy.  Plus they provided endless fancy pitchers of water, and who doesn't need that while in Vegas?
5	3 years after I first found this place I came back with my wife, and this place is still going strong. Good food, moderate prices, excellent service. If they have seating available on their patio and the weather is cooperating, do it.
4	Staying at the Mandalay Bay for a convention and decided to have Mexican for breakfast.  Had the Huevos Rancheros.  Very delicious.  Really some of the best I've ever had and for $18 it should be!
4	Surprisingly very good place! It was really crowded here. They have Top Chef masters contestants that cook here. The menu is fun with an upscale way of making Mexican food. The service was pretty friendly and we started out with the chips and salsa. The salsa wasn't very spicy. We then ordered the Guacamole and that was delicious! So addicting!For my main dish I went with the skirt steak. It came cooked medium rare, purple refried beans, corn salsa, and flour tortillas. The meat was very good. The beans were nice as well. A good clean texture. The corn salsa was whatevers.. It didn't do it for me with the lack of sweetness. The flour tortillas didn't taste like much. My buddy got the carnitas plate.. OH my goodness! That was a hit. The carnitas with the cheese, beans and rice WHOOO!!! I definitely recommend getting that dish.Recommendation:  Carnitas plate and guacamole for the chips.
5	This place has a variety of Mexican/Tex Mex as well as latin food and I only say latin because I had the torta Cubana but for the most part the menu has to offer more Mexican dishes than anything else. It is located at the Mandalay Bay hotel. All of our dishes taste wonderful, I really enjoyed each and every one of them. They start you off with Chips and 3 different types of salsa. We then had a plate of fresh fruit drizzled with honey, empanadas were also good. Next we had the queso fundido topped with  chorizo and a side of  flour tortillas. I also had the Tortilla soup and it was delish!. Our main dish torta cubana and pulled pork followed by dessert, flan. I highly highly recommend this place. Service is very good.
4	Being from San Diego I never want to go to Mexican restaurants while traveling cause they are never as good as at home but I was impressed with how good this place is. Excellent service too
5	Just go for the brunch, you will not be disappointed.
2	Pricey. Carnitas were fantastic and the guacamole was exceptional. Margaritas were watered down and my girlfriends fish tacos were dry. Mexican restaurants should have better drinks than this.
4	Great foodExcellent flavorPriced little high but expected Worth the extra money
4	Three star food - plus another star for good service during a busy tradeshow and it's away from the tradeshow floor. I think this will be my standard place for eating lunch during conventions. I'm in the Mandalay Bay Convention Center multiple times out of the year - and when I want to eat, I want some form of reasonable peace and quiet. Well - I won't get absolute peace and quiet here during a tradeshow - but what I will get is reasonably healthy lunch that is more reasonably priced that that replicated crap that is served at the Food Court. Yes, it's a bit of a further walk - but an extra few minutes of walking, I can usually get a seat at the bar in a few minutes, have a shot or two to take the edge off, enjoy my fish tacos, chips and salsa and then head back into battle with the convention.
5	We went there for the all you can eat brunch and mimosas on Saturday, 03/09/13 with a party of 7.  We made reservations 15 minutes before arrival as suggested by the restaurant when we called a week before.  They seated us promptly on arrival. The food was fantastic along with the service. Chef Mike even came out and greeted us and gave us some recommendations on what to try. We tried the bacon jalapeno pb&j sandwich and loved it.  I know it sounds disgusting but it tastes amazing. Food recommendations: Skirt steak and eggs, biscuit and sausage gravy, machaca chilaquiles, and churro tots.Drink recommendations:  They had four flavor of mimosas: Peach, pomegranate,  rasberry, and oj.  The mimosas were unlimited for an additional $5.  They hooked us up with a 15% discount.  You can get it by joining their membership. It's free.
4	I'm surprised this place has such a low rating. I thought it was pretty good!The restaurant is pretty, and the staff is really nice. If the weather is nice, I would recommend sitting on the patio. It has a really nice view of the Mandalay Bay Pool, and it's well shaded with fans.The restaurant starts you off with a nice salsa trio, each of which has a nice, distinct flavor. The carne asada quesadillas are really good - the beef has a great flavor, and are nicely crisped without being greasy. The guacamole is simple but fresh and tasty. The pepper crusted steak salad is really good. The steak is cooked really well, and the salad is a nice bed of fresh greens with avocados and blue cheese. So good!I would definitely go back!
4	Great atmosphere, excellent customer service, the food is delicious. This restaurant is not your average mexican food restaurant.
5	Loved this place!  The food was awesome and the Sangria was fantastic!  Everyone was friendly. We went back the next day for dessert and more sangria because we were too full for it after our dinner.
2	Bad service!!First off the bar was sticky...a bit gross.Ordered a pork dish, but they brought me the wrong one...the guy down the bar got mine... For as expensive as this place is that's really unacceptable.   Rather than make a fuss I said I was fine... There was no offer for a free drink or anything for the mistake...would have been a nice gesture...The waiter did say to someone that a mistake happened but we were both fine...   He could have been much better.Overall the good was good but a bit heavy.  The service was a total failure,
1	I love Mexican and was on the lookout for a brand new spot to try and a friend suggested Border Grill at Mandalay Bay. Strolling in I had high expectations.  At first glance I really liked the decor and ambiance of this spot.   The hostess was pleasant and that is where the good service ended!  It was a slow Monday night so you would think the service would be stellar since our waitress had three possibly 4 tables. She did quickly greeted us and took our drink order and then disappeared for what seemed like forever, realistically 15-20 minutes, but that is a long time when you are in need of an excellent margarita and some yummy Mexican food. Our waitress was then absent nearly all of our meal with someone else refilling our waters and delivering our food.   Our drinks were okay however weak, particularly for the price. They charge for tap water?? Really that is simply strange. I ordered the spicy shrimp tacos since I like spicy food and I was fairly dissatisfied with them. The portion was small and they forgot the spice! A label saying medium shrimp tacos would of been more appropriate. My friend ordered the Kobe beef tacos and was equally disillusioned with the portion and she said were unusually salty and dry.   I expected better quality food and service for the price ($97 after tip for two entrees and some drinks).  There are too many nice Mexican locations in Vegas so I am putting Border Grill on my "Skip It" List.
5	I must admit to being a total food show geek so always take the opportunity to go to restaurants featured on one of them.  I saw these two ladies on Top Chef Masters and again on Chef Wanted so when looking for a Mexican place to eat in Las Vegas we jumped at the chance.  Needless to say by my five stars we were not disappointed.  First let me say if you like tequila, the bar has almost every kind imaginable as well as flights that you can purchase.  I opted for a shot of Casa Noble which is one of the best sipping tequilas ever.  Of course when they brought chips and salsa, both really fresh and tasty they asked if we wanted guacamole and of course we said yes.  One of the best I've had lately.  You could tell it was just made and was very traditional in that there were mashed avocados with big chunks, a bit of onion and some peppers.  I could have made that my dinner.Instead hubby had the carnitas which of course I tasted and they were amazing but I thought my fish tacos were even better.  You could get grilled or  batter fried and they use mahi.  the plate came with three mini tortillas with the fish and slaw as well as refried black beans and two colors of rice.  Sadly enough we didn't have room for dessert but since we go to Las Vegas three or four times a year, you can bet that we'll be going back to Border Grill.
3	Update: This time around I wasn't too impressed. Service was bit slow though it didn't seem that busy. My skinny lemonade tasted like a sugar cane with a drop of alcohol. The queso fundido wasn't as good as I remember and I had the beef brisket taquitos which weren't much to rave about either.
3	Once upon a time Chi-Chi's had the Seafood Enchilada, it had a creamy sherry sauce.  Well, when the better half and I stopped into Border Grill during a trip to MMS they had a Seafood Enchilada with a creamy sherry sauce.I hoped against hope that it was the same thing.Unfortunately it was 35 dollars. And it wasn't the same.I grant you this is entirely my expectations vs. reality.  But because it wasn't what I wanted it to be, I didn't really care for it. So it felt like 35 dollars wasted.  The better half got the Quesadillas which WERE really good. So she was happy.My other frustration is the Las Vegas Mexican restaurant trick of asking if you want "Fresh Guacamole". This is code for "Would you like to pay 9 more dollars?"  They rarely inform you it's an extra cost and they ask so nicely. Don't be fooled.  Fortunately I knew from a previous bad experience.The chips and salsa were very good, and our waiter was excellent.  When I explained the Chi-Chis story he said "What's Chi-Chi's".  (Now I feel old!)Overall, I can't say it was bad, and as long as you don't mind the somewhat high cost of the Mexican food. I would absolutely come back for the Quesadillas
5	"Executive chef. Mike Minor Dropped by the table to ask ,"how was brunch". It was amazing, eclectic, weird, and fabulous. Our waiter, Jeff was accommodating , friendly, and he made our experience one of the best meals ever. Eat it all and let Jeff decide what to serve. Our favorites included the pork belly waffles, the steak and eggs, the peanut butter and jelly biscuit with bacon and jalapeno, brisket in any form, lobster pancakes, in other words everything was great. "
5	I want to update that from my last review, I received a very sincere apology and message from Border Grille on my experience and I really find that respectable and amazing that such great customer service still exist. Thanks again Chris.
5	We had to try this place since we were staying at the Mandalay Bay AND because I'm a big fan of Top Chef:) It was great authentic Mexican food. Authentic as in what you would get in an upscale restaurant in Mexico. We loved it. Can't wait to go back.
2	Sooooo super disappointed with my meal. I've watched the Two Hot Tamales on TV for years, when you could only find them on PBS.  So I was pretty excited to have a chance to dine at one of their restaurants. My first issue was with the property itself - there's no restroom in the restaurant.  I only wanted to wash my hands so it was more than inconvenient to trek down a flight of stairs to do so (out in the casino).  At a minimum, they should have a sanitizer dispenser available.  I just hope the staff has some place more convenient for frequent hand washing.  Gross. Then the service was just so-so.  I had one single refill during my meal and I had to ask for it!   Even then, the waitress took another 'forever' to honor my request.  She came up just as I was heading to the bar to get it myself. All of that could have been forgiven had the food been remotely intriguing.  But it wasn't.  The guacamole had some funky twangy creamy action going on.  We trued doctoring it with the tomatillo sauce. My friend's grilled fish tacos were over cooked and served on some stale tortillas.  Other flavors leaned towards bland.  Our other companion had to salt his carnitas.  Turns out, he paid dearly for his selection. He spent much of the night on the throne. My chicken quesadillas were just 'meh'.  I've had better Mexican/Tex-Mex at chains.  I don't expect much from those and in comparison- easily get better.  Really disappointing.
5	Best place we ate at in Vegas this trip. Nice ambiance. Food was delicious, Imaginative menu. Nice interpretation of traditional fare. Prices no more or less than what you'll find in Vegas. Wait staff was friendly, attentive and quick with recommendations.
5	Having dined at the one in Santa Monica, CA I knew what their menu offered and what the highlights of it are. The bartender mentioned he had only worked here a week but he was very friendly, attentive, knew how to make his drinks well, and was a great conversationalist. Our food was excellent, came out promptly, and met expectations. I really enjoyed this place and would definitely come bak again.
4	We have dined at this upscale Mexican restaurant numerous times over the years, but this was the first time for weekend brunch.  We met friends at the entrance and were soon seated in an enclosed patio.  We were provided menus and weresoon sipping bottomless mimosas.       Our waitress and her trainee brought us plates of fresh fruit with a sweetened citrus sauce (4 Forks) and guava empanadas. I was saving my appetite for the "good" stuff so I only took a single bite of an empanada, which turned out to be very good.  Our waitress encouraged each of us to order 2 items on the first round with mine being Peruvian shrimp and grits (3 Forks) and short rib hash topped with an egg (4.5 Forks).  In the meantime, we requested another round of mimosas.  For the second round I ordered a bacon jalapeno PBJ which is suppose to be a signature dish that I found to be just okay.  I also shared an eggs Benedict which was better.  I closed out my meal with a thimble sized portion of rice pudding.  My 3 table mates ordered a variety of other dishes with the huevos rancheros, bread pudding French toast and the breakfast enchilada garnering the most praise.
4	Very fresh food. Very professional staff. And the food came very fast. We sat in the outdoor patio with a view of the pool and lazy river.  This place really had their act together with the wait staff working as a coherent team.  I would gladly come back for good Mexican style food at the Mandalay Bay.
4	You've got to go at least once for the brunch at this place.  It's $30 for all you can eat, and add $6 for unlimited mimosas!  There are also many different areas to enjoy your meal: inside, outside on a covered patio, or completely outside by the pool (shaded by trees).  I love me any place with some patio seating.The brunch food comes out as small plates, so you can try a lot of the different dishes and get your money's worth.  I guess the best way to describe it would be like tapas.  I really enjoyed the shrimp and grits.  Like...so much I got three orders of them.  My other favorite was the chorizo and egg tacos.  My one complaint, I felt like some of the dishes had too much egg in them in proportion to other ingredients.  I can only take so much egg!  But the Mexican twist on breakfast favorites was something I'm really glad I tried.The mimosas come in different flavors like classic orange, pomegranite, and passion fruit.  And they don't skimp on them!  They come in some pretty hefty pour flutes!You know, in all honesty, I don't know if I'd go again just because it's quite a bit of money to spend on breakfast, but I would definitely say you have to go at least once and expereince this!
4	We usually stay at Mandalay Bay and so when we're not in the mood for gorging at another buffet, Border Grill is a great alternative.   It really helps that Border Grill offers certificates on restaurant.com.   We usually use the $25 off of $50 coupon.  This makes a very good meal  1/2 price here!  We've had the Oaxacan Steak and actually liked the flavors better than a much more expensive steak that we had at the glitzy steak restaurant downstairs, Strip Steak.   The atmosphere at Border Grill is also much more down to earth than other restaurants.  Once inside the restaurant, you blissfully feel like you've left Las Vegas and the casinos behind.  And sometimes, that's a very good thing!
5	Wow reviews are all over the place for the Border Grill.  I think this is a make sure you order the right thing kind of place and after reading all the glowing reviews about the Carnitas, I sure did.  Do your homework people, that's what Yelp is for.I've been on a non-strip dining kick lately and down on the expensive absentee Celebrity Chef Restaurants that adorn every mega resort.  So I was pleasantly surprised that Susan Feniger & Mary Sue Milliken's Border Grill in the Mandalay Bay is serving up some great dishes worthy of the Top Chef Master's themselves.  Of course they aren't back in the kitchen, but everything I had tasted like they were.  Hats off to executive chef Michael Minor and his staff for putting a lot of love into these dishes.  I'm sure when you work in a celebrety chef's kitchen, it's hard to get any notoriety, even though you are the one making all the food.If you've watched Susan & Mary Sue on TV over the years, you know they are about ultra fresh organic produce.  This is totally evident in their salsa and fresh seasonings mixed in their dishes.  The chips and trio of salsas, were very freshly made.  I usually don't like tomatillo salsa very much, but this was wonderful and my favorite of the three with a beautiful lime taste.  The guacamole was on the mild side allowing you to taste the avocado.  Sitting next to it on the plate was a pico de gallo, and some greens.  I'm not sure what variety, I just balanced a few on each chip along with the pico and guacamole for some extra flavor and texture.  I forgot to snap a photo of my own so here's Tracy W.'s http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/border-grill-las-vegas#Kzcg9JBVMMUfIaA8hkgCkgThe Queso Funditio was very thick, full of melted authentic Mexican cheeses, chorizo, and roasted red peppers.  There was also a nice amount of guacamole cream on top that satisfied both looks and flavor.  Even though their chips are very thick, don't think you are going to be scooping this dip up with the chip, you will need to place it on your chip with a fork. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/border-grill-las-vegas#T5TZf-_vEO56FHmNouqOIwThe star of the show was my Tacate Carnitas.  The shredded pork was moist and very flavorful.  It was served on a bed of roasted corn grits.  These grits were delicious and contained lots of butter for sure.  You could really taste the corn meal flavor to them bringing to mind the flavor of a tamale.  Surrounding the edge of the plate was a bold black bean puree.  The black beans are mixed with huitlacoche, which is a mushroom like fungus that grows on corn.  It has a very earthy flavor that really made these black beans something special.  How do you make a pork dish even better?  Top it with crunchy bacon of course.  Not just any bacon but chipotle glazed bacon.  It really added a texture here that made each bite enjoyable, after all there is a lot of mushy stuff on the plate.  It was served with a giant flour tortilla.  I just ripped pieces off and used it to balance all of these wonderful flavors together with each bite.  This is a true 5 star dish and the best carnitas I've had. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/border-grill-las-vegas#Cz0ORcEa5RD1dpRQHYzCIwMy wife's dish was a little more plain, the Carne Asada Tacos.  I can see being a little disappointed with this dish, especially in comparison with my carnitas.  The chopped up carne asada was a little dry and needed to be dressed up with salsa and topped with some black beans and oaxaca cheese, otherwise it just seemed like plain old street tacos with a $18 price tag.  The two different kinds of rice were nicely infused with fresh herbs, although it added to the dryness of the plate. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/border-grill-las-vegas#pdMM2_CIiWmmresjLS3jcAWe came here for lunch on a weekday, thinking it should be no wait, but was packed.  The location is right next to all the conference rooms at the Mandalay Bay, thus everyone was dressed in suits and trying to grab a quick nearby bite.  After a few minute wait we got a table outside on the patio overlooking the Mandalay Bay Pool.  It wasn't too hot since it was April, but I couldn't help but notice they have a Big Ass Fan that covers the whole patio.  It's the size of an airplane propeller.  It's one Big Ass Fan. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/border-grill-las-vegas#lhl0l6qC71PlGeAfLc012w  I'm now a Big Ass Fan of Border Grill, go have the Tecate Carnitas and you'll be a Big Ass Fan too!
1	I'm a Chicago native and know a heck a lot about good food; however, most of food here was very disappointing.  Was a dinner treat and felt that $300 was a waste to be blown for our table. The fish in the fish tacos was so bland and had too much onion that it was an overkill.  Pretty much could have eaten a handful of red onion and that was what the fish tacos were like.  The $30 fish based soup wasn't as good either.  I would rate Taco Bell or even Del taco way better just solely on their soft tacos.  Salsas were bland that just the store bought salsa molcajate would fare way better.  I think the best food was the Oaxaca steak dish that the table next to us had.  Lets just say my eyes got a better deal than my mouth.  Just looking at theirs seemed tastier than what majority of us on our table were putting in our mouths.  Please save your time and money by finding the nearest chipotle or Roberto's.
5	Went to pick up some tickets at the House of Blues in Mandalay and thought to stop in and try this place out.  Attending conventions at the Convention Center in Mandalay Bay, I usually scurried by this restaurant and didn't stop to take too much notice.  The only thing I did notice was that it was always busy (good sign?).  Amber K. suggested we try it out as it has good reviews on Yelp and since we were in the area, I said 'why not?'  We walked up and were quickly seated and attended to promptly by our waiter Lars for the remainder of the night.  I decided to try the soft shell crab tostada appetizer and roll with the grilled mahi mahi tacos for my main entree.  The food was very nice and Lars also hooked it up with some habanero salsa for our chips in between each course of the meal.  We finished off the night with a "Mexican" banana split which consisted of mexican chocolate, pineapple, and raspberry ice cream topped off with a little bit of coconut.Overall, the food was delish and I left sastified.  Also, just being locals, Lars signed us up for the Border Grill VIP card which gave "VIP" locals like myself 15% off of the bill every time we rolled into Border for anything outside of happy hour.  Good night?  I think so.  Will be back soon to try one of the many other options available at the Border Grill!
5	I am not the biggest mexican food fan, but this was a really good restaurant. The brisket taquitos were amazing and my siblings liked there choice of dishes too. Great service and outdoor space.
4	My boyfriend and I went here as part of a pre-birthday celebration while we were staying at Mandalay Bay. We had made a reservation for 830 and were seated immediately when we arrived. They brought us drinks right away and the margaritas were pretty strong, which was great. We ordered enchiladas, a steak quesadilla, chips and guac and some sort of pork appetizer. All of it was really good. We also mentioned to the waiter that it was my birthday  tomorrow and they brought out a complimentary Mexican chocolate cake, which was a nice touch. I definitely would recommend for a casual dinner or lunch if you are staying at Mandalay.
4	I thought this place was really good.  Our table had a bunch of different appetizers and of course drinks.  I had some good tequila and ice cold XX; it went perfect with the guacamole and empanadas that i ordered.Keep up the good work and hopefully next time I can try and actually entree.
5	Their homemade tortillas are OFF THE HOOK good!  Just come for drinks and apps and you'll love it. A marg, some guac and some of the fresh tortillas (corn and flour). Yum! We had a late/light lunch there today. Beans, rice, tortillas and also some friend plantains (WOW!).  Our #1 place when we go to Vegas.
4	Border Grill is great!  We were at Mandalay for a concert and wanted to grab something to eat beforehand.  I'm so glad we picked this place to eat.  When we walked up, it looked very busy and no open seats.  We asked how long the wait was and the hostess told us there was seating downstairs at the bar and also on the patio!  Since we didn't know what to order, our waiter/bartender recommended the Queso Fundido!  It was so delicious.  With the chorizo added in, it had a great unique flavor.  I think we would have licked the bowl if it wasn't frowned upon. He also recommended the Border Classic which had 2 of three appetizers.  This was perfect for us.  Tomales, Chicken Tacos and Empanadas.  Yum!  If you are here for an event or just a fun night, definitely stop in!  Great service and great food!
5	Of all the Vegas restaurants we have been to, this is my favorite time and again. We always make sure our Vegas trips include a Saturday or Sunday so we can get the brunch and mimosas. We've been here 4 times already and have at least one more trip planned before 2014 gets here. The popularity has definitely been on the rise since we first tried this place and unfortunately it seems the quality of service is not keeping up with the trend. Brunch is served as small plates that you order, so you need your service to stay on top of both your current dish and your next dish or you wait a long time. Suggestions: 1) when they bring your current dish(es) order your next round 2) order 2 dishes at a time. As far as food: love the guava empanadas and fresh fruit to start the brunch; the PBJ with bacon, egg and jalapeno is incredible despite its unusual combination of ingredients; the skirt steak and eggs is not to be missed; make sure you save room for the churro tots! The menu has recently changed to add a few new dishes which we tried, but we weren't blown away by them. Though, everything is delish and you won't be disappointed. Highly suggest you make reservations!
5	The Food and Service were both wonderful!  There were 6 in our party and everyone was very happy with all of the choices.  The Grilled Skirt Steak and the Tortilla Soup were particular favorites and the Guacamole was terrific.  This will be on the list of restaurants to return to on our next trip!
4	I feel like this place doesn't get the traffic it deserves because of its location, way off the regular path in Mandalay Bay. Service was great and food was awesome. Loved my plantain empanadas and steak quesadilla, just wish there wasn't quite so much butter on the tortilla,  made it really heavy. This is a great choice if you're looking for tasty Mexican and some al fresco seating.
5	loved their sunday brunch!!! amazing tapas!
3	Horrible Food, Excellent Service. Food served ice cold.
5	I am officially a fan of buffet style type brunches where you never leave your seat.   You just order off the menu and the food keeps coming.  I do suggest ordering about two to three items at a time and once delivered it's a good idea to let your waiter know what you would like next as the wait for the food can vary.  Add to that you may not love everything you order so you will have options.   Bonus points, this brunch comes with bottomless mimosas in a variety of flavors for an additional $8. My boyfriend and I met our tourist friends here for Memorial Day Weekend.  Even with it being a holiday there was no problem getting reservations and no wait.  My favorite mimosa was the pomegranate but I also loved the watermelon and the strawberry.   The food standouts for me were the steak and eggs and the sweet potato pancakes.  The majority of the items I tried were on the spicy side minus the pancakes.  My least favorite dish was the pork belly waffles.  I like pork belly but this was just a piece of flavorless fat.  If you are a local make sure you sign up with your waiter for the 15% off locals' deal.   We sat inside for this visit but weather permitting I would love to sit outdoors next time.
5	We dined alone at the weekend brunch this trip and between the two of us we consumed 7 mimosas and 11 tapas size plates. We were served plates of fresh fruit and guava empanadas while reviewing the menu I printed from their website. I also asked the server if the chef had a special this week and indeed he did, but it did not sound appetizing to either of us so we took a pass. We ate, in no particular order, the short rib hash w/egg, chilaquiles, brisket omelet, churro tots and sweet potato pancakes. The weak sister being the sweet potato pancakes though the chilaquiles were not crispy as billed.  The stars of this performance were the bread pudding French toast and the fig and blue cheese quesadillas drizzled with chipolte aioli. These were so delicious an encore performance was deemed necessary. Our seven mimosas included a nice cross section of the ones (watermelon, pomegranate, peach, passion fruit, cucumber) being offered this day with the best in class designation going to the cucumber. Though I failed to note our delightful server's name, you will recognize her by the blue hair and assorted tattoos.A rating of 4.5 would be the most appropriate.
5	Amazing food and drinks! All 5 of us in my group left more than satisfied. If you are in Vegas, Border Grill is a MUST!!
5	Had dinner before a concert.  Food was delicious.  As a party, we had enchiladas, ceviche, tortilla soup, tamales and bacon wrapped dates.  All of it was exceptional.  The service was friendly, the waiter recommended awesome drinks, dinner was served quickly and it was in the mid-price range compared to other restaurants at Mandalay.  Planning on taking the hubby back for date night!
3	We went with a group of 7 to Border Grill on the 4h of July. Our service was excellent, Paris did an amazing job. Food and drinks were good, but nothing amazing. The best part was the server and chips and salsa!
5	Amazing!  I had the carnitas plate and it was so good.  They also had a great tres leches iced coffee that as good and strong, it came in useful for the concert we war scheduled to see right after dinner.  Loved this restaurant and i will definitely go back, glad theres one closer to me in los angeles!
5	I was excited to try this Top Chef Masters establishment, and I was not disappointed!I am a Mexican food lover, and although this is not authentic - it's delicious. First, they give you a huge basket of crispy tasty tortilla chips with three different types of salsa. Perfect with the blanco margarita! I could have been fine on this alone.I ordered the seasonal vegetable enchiladas, and my husband ordered the fish tacos. Both plates are exceptional. My enchiladas did not look like ordinary enchiladas. Instead, the tortillas were stacked with veggies and cheese between them. It reminded me of Mexican lasagna. I loved the fact that my enchiladas had roasted eggplant, zucchini, and brussell sprouts! My husband's fish tacos were crisp and fresh. He was quite delighted.All in all, the service was friendly and pleasant. I would go back in a heartbeat!
4	My first experience with Border Grill was a delicious dinner with my husband. He loved his pork chop and I enjoyed my tacos. I felt that it was a little pricey for what you get, but the food was good. I love that they offer a locals discount and you can get restaurant.com gift certificates, so there are discounts available. One of my favorite meals is brunch and I was pleased to learn that they offered an all you can eat small plate brunch. So I immediately set up a brunch date with my girls and it has been our go-to brunch restaurant ever since. The small plates are super awesome, again it is a little pricey, but it is all you can eat! I love that they start the table with fruit and guava empanadas. The empanadas are flakey and absolutely addicting, I seriously dare you to only eat one. Some of my favorite dishes are the skirt steak and eggs, short rib hash and eggs, breakfast fries (super yum), chilaquiles, and I always order at least two potato tacos. There are a few misses for me as well, the plantain empanadas just taste burnt and the churro tots are way too dense. Since discovering the delicious brunch, I have been here at least four times. The last time we were seated downstairs and it is by far the best place to sit when it is too hot to sit on the patio. It's all glass so you can still see the pool outside and you get plenty of sunshine. If you want to have a fun, delicious, and laid back weekend brunch you absolutely must check out Border Grill.
5	Had a 12:30 reservation for brunch. This place was great! Tapas (small plate) style all you can eat brunch! Rachel was our server,she was great! AMAZING service and great suggestions. A manager even touched the table to inquire how everything was! Never had to ask for anything! All in all A+++ to staff,management,and owners!
3	My family and I went here for dinner after watching a show.  We were pretty excited to eat here since we're fans of Top Chef.  We started off with their excellent guacamole. It was creamy and fresh. For our entrees, we got beef brisket taquitos, steak tacos and sauteed shrimp which were great. The meat was tender, juicy and full of flavor. Too bad I got the grilled fish tacos.  The tacos were nicely plated with red, white and green rice.  However, I had fish bones on my tacos and had to send them back 3 times!  By the third time, I still had fish bones and I just gave up on my entree.  A girl could only take so much bone swallowing in one night.  They comped my tacos and our desserts which we appreciated: Flourless Chocolate Cake, Tres Leches Cake and another dessert.  They were ok.It was a disappointing meal.  I felt bad for our server who had to keep sending my plate back to the kitchen.  I'm not a diner who's a PITA and I don't make complaining a habit either but seriously, whoever was in charge of de-boning and filleting fish that night shouldn't be let back in the kitchen.Border Grill fish tacos? NEVER again!
3	Waiter at the Border Grill tried to bill me for $8 for sparkling water when the menu says it is 50 cents. And I double checked when he brought the bottle.  Shame on you Lars.
1	I love watching cooking shows.  I had just moved to Las Vegas and my friend took me to Border Grill.  Everything I had from the beans, rice, and Shrimp were beyond over cooked.  I am from Houston and I grew up on Mexican food.  I have been all over Mexico and I have Hispancis in my professionan that can cook better.  I then went to a convention for healthcare and we once again met at Border Grill.  Every appertizer was not good.  They served some thick, thick, pastey that was not good and filled with serval different iems.  If I was the one paying for this I would demand my money back.
5	Just got back home from our week long family vacation in Las Vegas.  We were starving after our visit to the Shark Reef so we stopped in for the Sunday brunch before leaving and it was amazing!  We had several children in our party and our server Rachel S. was a DREAM!  My kids adored her.  She was very patient!  Loved the food and the experience... will def be making this a regular stop for upcoming trips.
5	Great Restaurant.  Expecting a mediocre meal, we were pleasantly surprised when the server brought our food.  It was extremely fresh with unique flavors.  This is a Vegas must have.
5	This place was great! Mexican doesnt seem too attractive for Brunch but our party of 4 really enjoyed it! Rachel was our server,AMAZING experience. She helped us by explaining how the all you can eat brunch worked, as well as giving us the low down on what was the best plates. Will definitely return! THANKS GUYS
4	The Border Grill is a Santa Monica favorite of mine, so I was happy to get to have a tried and true dish while we were in Vegas last time.His plate:Kobe beef tacos, grilled pineapple salsa, guacamole, handmade flour tortilla, black beansHer plate:Grilled Skirt Steak (ordered rare), charred corn relish, black beans, handmade flour tortillaThe salsa selection provided is always great - usually a bright verde, a smoky chipotle, and a fresh, light pico de gallo. I had previously marveled at the freshness and flavor in each, and ordered all of Mary Sue Miliken and Susan Fenniger's books so I could make these at home. I'm happy to report that their salsa recipes are easy to make and very close in flavor to the restaurant's. (Look for some recipes on the blog soon!)The steak here is some of the best I've ever had - and from the two times I've had it before in Santa Monica, I can also report how impressively consistent it is. Great marinade on tender, high quality steak is always a winning combination.D liked his tacos, though isn't as in love with this restaurant as I am.An important note, for the Vegas patrons who live on points and rewards - they may be located within Mandalay Bay, but this restaurant is actually independent - you do not earn nor can you use reward points here. Not that it should discourage you from going at all, just good to know!
3	My husband and I wanted to stay in Mandalay Bay for dinner before watching Michael Jackson One. We wanted a somewhat quick sit down dinner. Border Grill seemed to have the highest reviews and only $$.Chips and 3 types of salsa: the chips were too salty for our liking, maybe it was just our batch?Guacamole: Amazing! Worth the $9Plantain empanadas: Comes with 4, very delicious, not as sweet as you'd think, which I loved!Green corn tamales: A must get before your entree!Chicken poblano enchiladas: Just like the chips, they were so salty. Sips of water between bites were needed.If you plan to watch Michael Jackson One, Border Grill provides a dinner package with show tickets. $42/person for a first, second, third course and dessert and discounted show tickets. My husband and I weren't too hungry so we decided not to take advantage of the package. But I think it's totally worth it!
5	AMAZING FOOD!  This is the best place for Sunday Brunch in Vegas.  Forget about the boring buffets with their lukewarm and dried out offerings.  Every plate at BG is made fresh to order.  For the price of the average brunch buffet you can eat the menu--fresh and delicious--for only $35.99.  You can add $8.00 all you can drink mimosas (they have about 6 different ones).  Our favorite dishes were the Maple Pork Belly and waffle, the Short-Rib Hash, Papas Rajas Taco and the French Toast Bread Pudding. You will not be disappointed.
5	Yummo. Had the all-you-can eat brunch here on a Saturday morning. Between two of us, we ordered about eight or nine of the dishes of the 21 options available. The high points were definitely the steak and eggs, chilaquiles, the frittata, pbj & bacon sandwich and the giant fruit plate (with passionfruit sauce!) that they brought out initially. Everything is made to order, so you get the variety of going to say, a buffet, but also the freshness of eating in a regular restaurant. The service was very friendly as well, so no complaints there. At $35 per person, you definitely need to bring your appetite, but I still would highly recommend.
4	My girlfriend and I wanted to try this place every time we walked by. We ended up feeling a bit hungry in between meals (we were going to go from 1-9PM without eating) so we dropped in for a snack. We had a tuna something that was the special for the week. I'm not a big tuna fan, but it was pretty decent. The dessert was great, though. We ordered the bread pudding, also a special. It wasn't like any other bread pudding I've ever had. Definitely a lot more cinnamon present in the preparation. I was also glad that it didn't have raisins! All in all, a pretty good choice for a quick snack. I can't wait to go to have a full meal. If this visit was indicative of the level of service and quality of food, the full meal should be wonderful.
5	Im late sorry. I went to Border Grill Vegas back in June but im still drooling over it! The service was great, the waitress was amazing! All you can eat tapas style!!!! what more do you need?Be sure to try everything :) esp Shrimp and Grits, Steak and Eggs, sweet potato pancakes, etcPlus unlimited mimosas!!This place is sure amazingness for brunch
1	i've been a big fan of border grill santa monica for years, even after it got kinda touristy and lame, the food was still great.  so, when in las vegas for a trade show, i thought, "why not," and plopped down at the bar and ordered some old favorites.  yikes, the food was so vile, i pushed it away after one bite.  when the bartender asked if i'd liked the soup, i told him, 'it tastes like tomato paste."  his answer, "people say that a lot."  really, and you keep serving it?  the ceviche was dry and downright awful.  i give this place a huge yuck
4	Located in the beautiful Mandalay Bay Resort on the Las Vegas Strip, Border Grill has a bit of a history. It is opened by Chef Susan Feniger and Chef Mary Sue Milliken. Sounds familiar? Yep, they are indeed the chefs featured on Bravo's "Top Chef Masters"! Being huge Top Chef fans, how can we resist?As with all restaurants in these large hotel/casino/resorts, Border Grill was tastefully decorated. In hindsight, I wished we sat on the patio, which supposedly overlooks Mandalay Bay's beach and pool.We started with chips and salsa, as well as a good old Margarita.We had the following dishes:Oaxacan Strip Steak- seared 16 ounce steak, mole colorado, charred wild mushroom quesadilla, avocado tomato relishYucatan Pork- achiote pork slow roasted in banana leaves, caramelized onion, orange, cinnamon, honey lime yams, caramelized brussel sprouts, pineapple jicama salsaThe Yucatan Pork dish was quite tasty, although I was only able to have a few bites. Please come to my blog for my Vegas trip, I have food photos! ;)http://simplygluttonous.blogspot.ca/2013/08/border-grill-mandalay-bay-las-vegas.html
5	The Saturday tapas brunch was fun and tasty.  The creations are fun, inventive and worth the price.  Most tapas I've had overload you with too many, often boring small plates but Border Grill seems to have found the sweet spot of selection and creativity. Would come again.
4	I dined here for their famous all you can eat brunch with 7 friends for a fun business meeting. I have heard of it and always wanted to try it! Food pros: The brunch has a great variety of different dishes and are considered small plates. With that said they are definitely generous "small" portions. The price is right at $35 and to top it off you can add endless mimosas for $8. It was lots of fun ordering and tasting different dishes. My favorites were the skirt steak, shrimp and grits, frittata tart, and the waffle with pork belly. Some things I tried weren't my favorite, but that is just my personal taste. The lobster pancakes had an odd flavor and needed more lobster! That's what makes it so fun and enjoyable, there is something for everybody! Everything came out mostly hot, a couple things could have been warmer. Our server was great and accommodating especially dealing with 8 women. There are 10, that's right, 10 different flavors of mimosas! Each equally delicious and refreshing. Food cons: A few dishes weren't as hot as I would have preferred. I am sure the kitchen was crazy though as it was a busy Sunday morning. A few dishes weren't for me, but most were amazingly delicious and filled with flavor. I would suggest having a selection of the brunch menu available for ala carte or available as a full entree. Service: The staff was pleasant and helpful. Our server was very busy but still attentive to our table. He was lots of fun and accommodating. I would definitely go back again! Maybe next time for lunch or dinner. I would be more likely to return for brunch if they offered their brunch items ala carte or available as a full entree. Overall it was a tasty and fun dining experience.
4	Bf and I came here for Restaurant Week. We sat outside in the patio so that we would have a pool view (suggested by one of the yelpers when I was reading the review). It was nice out and a little sticky (humidity was 35%) and they turned on their huge outside fan about an hour later.I ordered:- Tuna Crudo- Duck Chilequiles- Whoopie Pie and Cinnamon Horchata. The bf ordered:- Mushroom Empanadas- Gaucho Steak- Whoopie Pie and Cinnamon HorchataI will have to say that THE BEST DISH we had out of all of them was hands down the Gaucho Steak. OMG, It was the most softest steak I've ever had. That literally melted in my mouth. No chewing for a million years, it was just absolutely freakishly good!My Duck Chilequiles I was not too impressed with. Barely 2oz of duck and majority of the plate was filled with tortilla chips drenched in like an enchilada type sauce. It did taste good with the meat that I did eat but not worth it because of so little meat. As far as the appetizers went, the tuna crudo is really good if you eat it with the tortilla chips they give you when you first sit down. Adds extra texture. It's also warmish, not cold which threw me off but still good. The empanadas weren't that bad. I'm not a mushroom kinda person either. The whoopie pie to me was alright. Bf liked it a lot as it was not sweet and he's had the cinnamon drink before whereas, I've never had it so to me it was eh. Service was really great up until we finished our 2nd course. Our waiter was no where to be found. The guy who took away our plates also took away the water pitcher and never brought a new one back and my glass was completely empty. It took probably 20+ min before we got our waiters attention to bring our last course and to pack one of them to go. Other then the slow service at the end, I would definitely come here again and DEFINITELY recommend the Gaucho Steak. That stuff is legit!
5	Loved eating here. Had a 2 yr and 2 month old in tow for an early dinner. The staff was great in accommodating us. We  both had a three course Border Grill experience with yummy plantain empanadas, corn tamales & a taquito. Both of us had the skirt steak which was cooked to order and delicious. The refried black beans were a great addition to the dish. For dessert, we had the Mexican chocolate cake and a puff pastry dish. Both were excellent. Definitely going to eat here next time we are in Vegas!
5	Still 5 stars! Went again in August, the service was much better this time around, granted it was no where near as busy.
4	Restaurant week restaurant two where the food was so good and the portions so big I could barely eat for 24 hours following and took some of my meal home! LolManuel was the server and he was great... Very attentive and made great recommendations. I got the skinny mango margarita and it was really good but not enough mango flavor. The tuna ceviche like appetizer was great as the tuna was really fresh and the flavors popped. The date salad had too much lime for me. The seafood enchiladas were great with a fresh slaw on top, very filling and very good. The steak was fatty but the nachos underneath it were gooey and yummy. The whoopie pie dessert was nice and light but the cake was dry without a lot of chocolate flavor. But the horchata cinnamon milk and the caramel that came with it were fabulous... Could have drank a whole glass and the caramel wasnt heavy so added a nice touch for moistness. Definitely enjoyed the meal and saw some other things on the main menu I want to try! As a big top chef fan it was nice to try this place. It isn't near the other Mandalay restaurants so it's easier to park near the convention center than the garage and we sat outside because freezing inside but the fan outside did little to keep us cool. The view of the Mandalay pool at night was really a nice touch though.
4	We go to Vegas several times a year. The first time we went to the Border Grill, we weren't too impressed.  Can't really remember why, but this trip we gave it another try. It was great. Loved the outdoor seating as we had just walked over from the pool -- we didn't want the standard pool food. I was very excited about all the gluten free selections and my fish tacos on corn shells were wonderful!  We will definitely go back on our next trip.
3	What a waste of 50 bucks. I gave it 3 stars because the pineapple/vanilla infused margarita was A-mazing. Got the fritters and tortilla soup. Both were mediocre at best. Was still hungry but decided two strike outs was enough for 1 night (well 3 if you count the skinny margarita), so we left.
2	My local friend and I came here during restaurant week (last week). We each had the 3 course tasting menu, which by the way, is on the regular menu but is marked up $8 additional during restaurant week. They say it's because $4 goes to a children's charity, which is great, but what about the other $4?I had the mushroom empanadas, the shrimp enchiladas in "lobster sauce", and the only dessert option which was some dark chocolate cookie sandwich (whoopie pie) and some cinnamon cream (?horchata). My friend had tuna tartare (more like a a hawaiian poke) and the steak. Food: Where do I begin? Oh I know...umm yes, the food was disgusting!! I'm sorry, I never like to say something like this, but both us felt the food was absolutely horrible. I even took home my leftovers and tried to eat them later, but I couldn't. I had to throw them away, and I don't usually throw food away. The flavors were completely off, did not compliment each other at all, and were very unbalanced. They have a sign outside saying this is the most authentic Mexican food. That could not be further from the truth. It seems as if the chef is trying very hard to create gourmet dishes, but ended up creating very very pretentious dishes that did not taste good at all. Whoever is in the kitchen does not appear to know how to work with ingredients and flavors. The Hawaiian-poke-style tuna tartare: very very strong flavor of dark sesame oil and soy sauce. Sesame oil is a strong flavor, and is supposed to be used lightly. The chef dumped it onto the tuna as a sauce. Same with the soy sauce.Mushroom empanadas: The three small pieces were fried, but the crust was chewy and almost stale tasting, instead of crispy. The filling had almost no flavor. The sauce made of black beans, also had no flavor. The shrimp enchilladas: Very salty, but flavorless. The filling had a fishy taste, which I didn't expect for shrimp, but otherwise had no flavor. The tortillas had a soft, doughy texture that was more like cornbread. The sauce was a pretty shade of orange, but tasted like salty cream, no real flavor at all.The dessert: This was absolutely the worst dish. Neither of us could eat it. The stuffed cake/cookie thing was stale and had a strange chewiness. It was a very very dark chocolate and had almost no sweetness at all. The cream filling was sort of hard, not creamy, and did not taste sweet or good. The accompanying cinnamon horchata was ok, but very strongly cinnamon-flavored, and nothing else, not sweet.I cannot comment on the steak, because I don't eat beef.Right after I left Vegas, I read an article about the chef/owner, Susan Feniger, in Westways magazine. The article presented her as doing innovative things with authentic Mexican food, which is something I would be interested in trying. I was very disappointed that I had such a poor experience. To be fair, the article was about the (original) Santa Monica location, which hopefully might be better, and I would be willing to give it a try.Prices: Ridiculous! I know it's Mandalay Bay, and it's also a "gourmet" restaurant, but even so, the prices were way over the top. My plate of two enchilladas (with NO accompanying beans or rice or anything) would be $27 if a la carte. The cheapest entree was an a la carte chile relleno, which was $19. Our three-course menus are normally $42. However, the exact same menu was bumped up to $50 for restaurant week. When we asked why the price was elevated, we were told that $4 per person is donated to a children's charity during restaurant week. That does not account for an $8 price increase. Ambience: It's ok, like a typical four star Mexican restaurant. The patio seating overlooking the pool is nice. Service: This is the only reason I'm giving two stars instead of one. Our server, Kelly, was very friendly, accommodating, very attentive, and just overall amazing. She was very pushy in the beginning trying to make us order more items, but other than that, it was some of the best service I've had. PROS: Service, location in Mandalay BayCONS: FOOD (very poorly executed, bad taste); priceBOTTOM LINE: Something seems to be lost in translation between the chef owner who is in California, and the staff of this Vegas location. The food is horrible!
2	Hoping for the best..started out good..Margarita's were good..Guacamole was great! Then our entrees came..sorry.. but they were terrible.  Chicken enchilada's & Beef short rib enchilada's.  Won't go back..to many other places in Vegas to visit.
4	We went to Sunday brunch here, and saw the menu offered a buffet brunch.  Twist on this... it's done tapas style, and there were about 20 different items on the menu to choose and the price was $34.99 per person.  You can order as much of anything you wanted on this list, and bottomless mimosas were offered for $8 (I was told they were $12 each, so this was a great deal already).  The bottomless mimosas are only offered with the brunch, not the regular menu.I would go back, the menu was different than the usual brunch you're used to.
5	Brunch. Do it. It is tapas style so you get to choose a few different plates or share them family style. It is all you can eat for $35 with $8 bottomless mimosas (inquire for a "locals" discount).  There are about 20 different things to choose from. Sweet, savory, vegetarian and carnivorous. Everyone in your party will be pleased. If Vegas is having great weather, the outdoor patio is at pool level with umbrellas if needed. This place is a brunch gem!
5	1st time in and I will certainly be back.
2	Let me start out by saying the food was great.  It was the service that was the big issue.  I was attending a large conf. at Mandalay and have eaten at Border Grille and its sister restaurants in LA and always loved it.  Yesterday felt like I was in a rest. that was poorly run by a staff who was not centered on great customer service.  I sat on the busy patio at a dirty table and with furniture that has seen better days.  It took over 10 min. before a server ever addressed me and the table seated next to me that had arrived before.  Long story short--my drinks were never refilled without me having to chase someone down even though they were nearby and even after my meal arrived I had to ask for utensils/napkin - the waiter never noticed.  Table next to me some situation.  Waiter never asked me about my meal.  SO....whilst I love their food someone in mgmt. at the rest. needs to consider a serious training day to push customer experience...otherwise, there are many other choices in Vegas.
5	I cannot say much; however the brunch tapas buffet is amazing for the price.There is a gigantic selection of different plates to try with items that include pork belly or breakfast nachos. With a big selection in mind, it is not a bad idea to go with a big group so that you can share and try a good variety of what they have to offer. Excellent Blood Mary's as well!
5	Carmie! Carmie! Carmie! My husband and I went to brunch with another couple today. We were greeted at the hostess stand by two young ladies. The four if us were seated immediately. We sat indoors, there was a wait for the patio. Carmie, our delightful server, came right over to the table and introduced herself. She took our drink orders, mimosas for the ladies ($8 extra for endless) and coffee for the gentlemen. We all decided to have the brunch. It is very cool how it is small plates, like a buffet, but you never have to get up from the table. At this point Carmie took over our experience. She anticipated all of our needs, she took the liberty of starting us off with a few things, and when she saw that we were all sharing and passing plates and having fun, she just kept them coming. She brought mimosa refils right on time. Just as my colleague was about to place his empty coffee cup on the table, she was filling it up. IT WAS AMAZING!!!! Before we knew it we had tried one of everything. Carmie asked if we wanted seconds on anything. We ordered two more things and tapped out.  Outstanding service!! The food was so good that I didn't even think to take pictures of it.... everything was incredible.Must trys: brisket omelet, breakfast fries, French toast, biscuits and gravy & of course ALL THE MIMOSAS!!! Thanks Carmie!!! We'll be back!
2	Came here with a large group of 8 after the MJ Cirque Due Soleil show.   While we were seated promptly it took forever for any server to come and give us water.  We decide to order the guacamole which was bland and lacked any flavor besides a strong onion flavor (some spice, salt, and lime was needed).Unfortunately the meal was far from redeeming.  I ordered the beef quesadilla.  The outershell was soaked in oil and unedible and it was loaded with so much cheese that it overpowered the beef so I ended up picking the quesadilla to push everything to the side except for the beef, which was cooked well but could have been seasoned better.It had an expansive menu which was great for people who have a wide range of preferences in food, however that was unfortunately the only good thing I experienced at Border Grill.
5	We had brunch there today and tried the all you can eats tapas. Everything was fresh with great flavor. We ate almost the whole brunch menu and left full and happy. We love Border Grill and frequent it in LA. One of my top 5 restaurants of all time.
4	Great modern mexican food. Really tasty!! Gluten free options are clearly identified on the regular menu, along with a few items which can also be made g/f on request.Nice location inside Mandalay Bay with an outdoor terrace as well.
5	It was a delightful day and we decided to sit on the patio which was the perfect choice.  I was here with my family for a sad occasion.   My mother had passed and we were in town for her funeral.  Our server Alan was so accommodating on such a hard day. We were going to have lunch but he recommended brunch and i am glad we took the bait! The steak and eggs is a must but I suggest medium rare.  The bacon peanut butter jelly biscuit was an unexpected treat.  My Little ones Susie and Jonah were acting up and our server brought some chips and crayons to calm them down.  He really took care of us. Jonah spilt his milk all over the table and into his lap and Alan and his server assistant cleaned it up without hesitation.  A manager stopped by.  She was soooo sweet!  We even had a chef stop by.  I can hardly believe it. We even made a joke about being royalty.  I give this place my highest rating. Make sure you save room for the French toast and churro tots!
3	Good Mexican food. I love Vegas!
5	Wonderful food. So very fresh and great service. Chicken mole is the best and the boar special was amazing. Came after catching a show (MJ-ONE) and enjoyed the border experience menu option. App, entree, and desert. Great value. Would recommend to anyone.
4	Just had dinner here for the first time and loved it. The good was fantastic.  So many great menu choices! I can't wait to come back for Sunday brunch.
4	I had never heard of Border Grill, but when family that we were in Vegas with suggested heading there for their tapas style all you can eat brunch on a Saturday morning I was in. When they say all you can eat.. they mean it! We were there for about 3 and a half hours enjoying their delicious offerings plus $8 bottomless mimosas. We sat outside near the pool since the weather was perfect and really enjoyed our brunch. Because there were more than 5 of us they suggested ordering family style so the food would come out a little more quickly so we did and it worked out quite well. After being seated were were automatically brought out some tasty guava empanadas and fresh fruit to much on while we decided on our mimosa flavors (did I mention there were 7 flavors to choose from??) and our first few menu items. We ended up trying 11 of their 22 dishes and some of the favorites were the Shrimp and Grits, Breakfast Fries and Bread Pudding French toast. Almost every dish was in some way super decedent and rich and it worked out perfectly to just have a few bites and move on to the next dish.Our waitress, Rachel, was amazing. She was super helpful with suggestions and answered any questions that we had. She also amazingly kept up with our mimosa and food requests as well as refreshing our plates, silver wear and water glasses when needed. She also never got tired of us asking her to repeat the mimosa flavors (maybe listing them on the menu would be a good idea).Great experience and I would definitely choose this over a buffet any day!
5	On our girls trip to Vegas, Border Grill was our first stop. I've eaten there before and loved it and my friend has a wheat allergy and their menu is clearly marked for her. I brought her here specifically because the service had been nothing short of amazing on my previous trip. Our server did not disappoint! She took time going over the menu with us, making recommendations and helping us decide. The service was perfect. And the food....absolutely wonderful. I will visit this place every time I am in Vegas. The food is amazing and the staff make you feel special!
2	We were really excited to try the Border Grill. When we arrived, we were seated promptly with a reservation on a busy Saturday night. That's when it went downhill. We ordered our appetizers right away with our drinks, but 45 minutes went by before we actually got them. Our appetizers were soggy - you could just tell everything had been sitting. We were too hungry to send it back, especially since we had no idea how long it would take the second time. The plantain empanadas tasted good, and I enjoyed the spice of the quinoa fritters. Which I suppose at one point were crispy. Our entrees had also been sitting, and arrived right as our appetizers were being cleared, resulting in our having no silverware. Everything had sort of started to congeal together. Unable to flag anyone down I had to resort to taking utensils off of another table. The pork special had very nice flavors, and my husband inhaled his chicken mole. The salad that accompanied the mole was quite tasty! I think the food would be good if delivered promptly but I would not return due to the service. Maybe eating over in the bar would be better.
5	Many less than stellar reviews seem to be for dinners, or after shows when the crowd may be too much to handle for this place.  However, we went for BRUNCH on a Sunday at 11am.  We had a party of 6 people and were able to make RESERVATIONS.  Seats inside and outside, where food can be enjoyed on an outdoor terrace overlooking Mandalay Bay's fabulous lazy river and wave pool.  Too far down strip for you?  Catch the Deuce or the SDX on Las Vegas BLVD.  We caught the SDX from the Bellagio and it was a quick ride and well worth the trip.  Without a doubt, this is the best brunch I've ever had.  What's more surprising is that this falls in the top 3 meals I've ever eaten - breakfast, lunch or dinner.  The deal is all you can eat small plates for $34.99; choose to add bottomless Mimosas (Cucumber, Pomegranate, Strawberry, Passion Fruit, et al) for $8.00.  As an example, we paid $30 for a fabulous buffet brunch at the Aria; but for $4.99 more Border Grill was like a serious fine food experience.  We were able to try the Bacon Jalapeno PBJ, Peruvian Shrimp and Grits, Skirt Steak and Egg, Bread Pudding French Toast, Yucatan Egg Benedict, Biscuits and Sausage Gravy, Frittata Tart, Short Rib Hash and Egg, Churro Tots, Waffle and Pork Belly, Sweet Potato Pancake, Brisket Omelet and Fig and Blue Cheese Quasadilla.  My personal favorite was the Guava Empenadas.  Each and every one of these easily blew away the finest the Aria had to offer.  Least favorite was the Frittata.  Please do not misunderstand, the Frittata was excellent,  but it was like choosing between Labron and MJ, someone has to  lose.   Consensus had short rib hash was a heavy favorite, followed by the Shrimp and Grits, Brisket Omelet, the....oh, damn.  Seriously too hard to choose.  Just go to brunch there, already.  Stop reading.  You won't find a better tasting brunch, I guarantee.
5	I am a faithful patron of BG and can say it gets better and better each and every single time I have gone! But if you go you MUST ask for server, Carmie. SHE IS THE BEST SERVER I HAVE HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!What a great experience!
4	Had the $35 unlimited tapas brunch. Two "loves" & one "not so much." Creative combos: loved the Benedict but the egg was very under cooked. Shrimp and grits were tasty. Fig & cheese quesadilla was great. Lobster pancakes (well my bad for thinking that was a good combo...it tasted a lot like it sounds.) Nice finish with bread pudding French toast. The pineapple margarita with vanilla infused tequila was a great choice. It's a nice splurge but won't be a regular stop.
5	Just love the Border Grill especially if you can get a table outside. The patio has a great view of the Mandalay Bay pool and lazy river and some shaded tables. Our server was great, very helpful and friendly. She was willing to go the extra mile to help us have a wonderful lunch. The following dishes were excellent. The Guacamole was creamy and tasty. Carne Asada tacos and the mahi-mahi fish tacos were juicy and perfectly prepared. We were not big fans of the 2 different syles of rice but the beans are a keeper. Of course do try the Margarita's. O-LayTip-  join the VIP club and receive a 15% discount on the entire check
4	We revisited the weekend brunch on our most recent trip.  I was the designated 'drinker' today so my wife ordered a coffee while I chose a cucumber mimosa (2.5 Sips out of a possible 5).  This mimosa did not include any pulp like the one last year so the flavor was muted.  We were served the usual fresh melon with citrus sauce (3.5 Forks) and guava empanadas (4 Forks) while we reviewed the menu that I now have memorized.On our first round we ordered a plantain empanada (3), crispy rajas taco (3.5), fig and blue cheese quesadilla (4) and a waffle and pork belly with maple syrup (4). The second round began with a mango mimosa (2.5 Sips) followed by orders of chorizo and egg taco (4.5), short rib hash (4.5), breakfast enchilada (4) and green egg and ham (2).  My glass was empty so I ordered a pineapple mimosa (3 Sips) while we again reviewed the menu to see what dishes would close out this feast.  Our order included another pineapple mimosa for me, a brisket omelet (4) and a double order of bread pudding French toast (5).  As I was finishing the last morsel I realized an alien had finished my mimosa so another pineapple mimosa was required.  For those counting, and I surely couldn't at this point, I achieved a personal record this afternoon by consuming 5 mimosas.  I had recently signed up for Border Grill's VIP club and received a free entree coupon which I was allowed to apply against our bill.
4	Yummy, great change of pace from your normal AYCE brunches in Vegas. I came here this past weekend to celebrate a friend's birthday, and they set us up in a private dining room for our 40+ person party.  Must Get:Green Corn TamalePlantain EmpanadaPeruvian Shrimp and Grits - A fav amongst my friendsSkirt Steak and Egg - Top dish here!Breakfast Fries - Reminscent of lomo saltadoFig and Blue Cheese QuesadillaGreen Eggs and HamWaffle and Pork Belly -Generous pork belly portionOk:Machacha ChilaquelesBiscuit and Sausage GravyLobster Pancakes - The lobster was really just a tablespoon of shredded lobsterSkip:Churro TotsBreakfast Enchilada - The tortilla on the bottom was hardSweet Potato Pancake - The syrup was too thick! I would imagine the pancake by itself is good. I would definitely ask for the syrup on the side next timeYucatan Egg Benedict - The bread absorbed the egg flavor too much, imo.Unfortunately, for a party this big, they charged as all for the unlimited mimosas, although a good number of us did not have mimosas. We made sure they took away our glasses for people who didn't drink, but one of the waiters even said "I don't believe that you're not drinking". I thought she was joking when she said that, but I guess it was true because when the bill came, they charged us all for mimosas. Kind of upsetting, because at the very end, people had already left cash for the bill and left, and the birthday boy ended up eating the rest of the bill. The service for the mimosas was great though, they basically left bottles of champagne on the table for us and brought new ones when we ran out.Overall, the food here was really good and a lot of these dishes had a generous portion of scrambled eggs.  For the sweets dishes, they were all a little too sweet though. Service was good, they kept coming out with food and they were even nice enough to give us just steak when we asked.
3	Decor and ambience is nice. Food portions can be generous but the prices on the menu were higher than the quality of the food (latter of which was good). We wanted to know what the mole dish tasted like, and our waitress brought out a sample of the sauce. I liked that.  The yucatan pork dish was very generously portioned and filling. The plaintains were my favorite.Overall service is unwelcoming.
5	My husband and I were in Vegas with some friends, we also have some family who used to live here and they suggested to come here for weekend brunch.  I am glad they did!  We would have never known this place was here and we would have missed out.  It was awesome!!  I had the bottomless mimosas and they were fantastic.  I tried several!  Lol.  We were with a group of people and ordered some dishes "family style" as we got full we then ordered the rest as individuals.  The green corn tamale was to die for!  The lobster pancake was not.  I was glad we only ordered one.  The shrimp and grits were also excellent, husband hates grits and he tried them and I swear he ate half of mine.   I think we must have tried everything on the menu and our sever Rachel was so helpful and patient.  She explained everything and made sure my drink was never empty for long. :) This place is a must when you are in Vegas.  Go here for brunch, order the bottomless mimosas, ask for Rachel, and you will not be disappointed.  ( just don't get the lobster pancake!)
4	The Cesear salad was excellent and so was the Pumpkin Spice Margarita. It was like Thanksgiving in my mouth. Yum.
4	It's not Mexico but as close as you will get in Vegas. I love the chefs authentic spin on Mexican cuisine. The salsas are amazing and food will not disappoint you. Located right next to shark adventure at the Mandalay bay. Highly recommended
5	An elite brunch!I've always been a fan of Border Grill but didn't even know until very recently they served brunch.  Went there this morning and I am still trying to break out of the food coma I was put in.  It's a tapas-style serving with a huge list of unique gastronomic concoctions.  Some really wild recipes... all very delicious.  The only thing I will say is that I was a little disappointed in the bacon bloody mary, but the food more than made up for that.  It's especially nice to be able to sit out on the patio in mid-November and enjoy the spread in this unusual warm weather.  Definitely try this out... foodies will enjoy it!
5	The service the food top notch.  This is surely an excellent place to dine.  They fully understood the food allergies and all precautions were taken
5	My husband and I are here before seeing Michael Jackson one. We did the pre fixe menu and couldn't have been happier. The food was amazing. Our waiter Manuel was incredible, recommending dishes and making sure that everything we ordered was perfect. My husband ordered the Pescado veracruzano and Manuel was worried that they didn't have the mahi so suggested alternative dishes or substitutions to the dish to make sure it was perfect. The staff was so attentive and the food was delicious. We will definitely be back next time we come to Vegas.
5	Fantastic lunch with avocado tacos and the pepper crusted steak salad. Service was great and we sat on a great patio.
3	The service is good and the food has good flavor.  The cost is holding them back.  The food is priced too high for what you get.  The value is not there because the portions are small for the price.I started with the queso fundido.  It has good flavor.  As an appetizer about three people could share this.I then had the crispy potato rajas tacos.  They were quite tasty.  Once again the portion is the problem.  You get so little for your money.Our servers were friendly and helpful.
3	The food was average. The price to me was insane. The atmosphere was intimate. My wife and I had taco shop food, placed lovely on a plate, for about $100 2 drinks. I got carnasada. That was the smallest steak I ever seen. my wife got sopas. I kid you not they brought out 4 sopas the size of a quarter. I couldn't believe it. This place is probably better suited for tourist. It just isn't really for me.
5	Amazing service & food. I hosted a happy event last Thursday at the main bar and they accommodated us without a reservation. They pushed tables together for us and were very helpful. Tracy was our server and she was WONDERFUL. She worked so hard. We had about 50 guests come in and out for drinks.  She even stayed passed her shift to serve us.  I would definitely recommend this place and go back again!!!
3	It's okay. Not bad, but I expected more of a food selection. Not much of a beer selection either.
5	Fantastic! We went to Vegas last month and I am still thinking about our meal here. They had so many unique twists on traditional meals. Their drinks were fantastic as well. We could have easily licked our plates clean!
3	Borders Grill...Food was awesome and our waitress Tracy was great! Definitely I would go again! I recommend the nachos and cold beer.
5	We had such an amazing dinner here! Great service, great margaritas and the steak quesadilla and the chicken enchiladas were fantastic. Order the guacamole to start, it's so good!
1	Was there for workers compensation convention in November week before thanksgiving. Party of four. We had a one hour lunch break. Ordered food that came in 1.5 hours. Food was cold and stale. Will never go back!
5	5 stars! Wonderful spices and flavor combinations. Couldn't have been better. Can't wait to come back! The tomatillo sauce is amazing!
5	Best Margaritas ever. Really fresh ingredients. The guacamole and chips were really fresh. Only warning I will give is that the food is spicier than expected. Good thing I love spicy.
4	Fun place, great drinks.  Food is definitely good if not terrific.  But for being an easy place to get into during conferences it is a great find!
5	Ate here on December 16. This was the first stop after checking into our hotel. I always make Border Grill a priority on my Vegas trips and again, I was glad I did. The service was great. They are always so helpful answering questions about the menu and making suggestions. I had the fish tacos and my friend had the special of the day, a pork burrito. They were both excellent. I always get great service and great food at the Border Grill.
5	The best brunch I have ever had! On Saturdays and Sundays they have a tapas and mimosa brunch, which for ~$40 is a great deal.  We made a reservation, and I would advise you do the same, so that you can set on the patio close to the pool. We were there in December, but with the heaters and the sun, it was perfect.The tapas included 26 or 27 small plates that you can order and sample. I dined with 2 companions and, between the 3 of us, we were able to sample most of the offerings. The highlights for me were the Negro Modelo-braised hash (super tender meat and a perfectly soft fried egg), the shrimp and grits (so creamy with the perfect amount of spice),  the tamales (super creamy), and for "dessert' the churro tots (just like churros, but in the form a donut hole, accompanied by berry puree and caramel). Actually, there were no bad small plates, each one flavorful and well presented.The mimosas were also great (the brunch is $34, and you can add the mimosas for $8) and they have various flavors, including basil apple, grapefruit ginger, cucumber lemon, passion fruit, pomegranate, peach, and orange. I tried most of them, but the cucumber was the most refreshing, with the grapefruit and the pomegranate coming in close seconds.Our service was amazing...we were sat immediatly (thanks to a reservation) at a table along the edge of the patio, so we could see out and enjoy he sun, Our server was also amazing, letting us absorb the menu and never rushing us (even though we stayed for almost 3 hours). He was very attentive, as were the other members of the team including the manager who came by to check on us and the guys bringing us our food and drinks...they were at our table quite a bit:).This was a relaxing and amazing experience, I highly recommend it.  If you are not in to all you can eat things, the food that the people seated around us ordered looked great, with large portions and attractive plating.
5	I can't say enough about the brunch here! It's totally  MUST DO if you are in Vegas.  It was pretty quite when we got there at 10am on a Saturday, but by 1pm when we left (yes, we brunched for 3 hours but wouldn't you if the mimosas just kept coming?!?) the patio was full.Our table looked directly out on the pool and palm trees on THEhotel.  Our server was very attentive, telling us about the option of either ordering from the regular lunch menu or getting the brunch, which consisted of your choice of 22 tapas-style brunch items ($34.99) to which you could add unlimited mimosas ($8) in a variety of flavors including pomegranate, lemon ginger, and apple basil.Of course, having done our research, we chose the tapas brunch, each starting with 2-3 small plates and progressing until we tried nearly all of the 22 dishes among the three of us.  The brisket hash, churro tots, potato tacos, and manchaca benedict were some of our favorites, but really none of the dishes we had were bad.  We sampled all of each other's dishes and no one left hungry.  The server did not rush us and we enjoyed several rounds of mimosas after the meal, making for a great start to the weekend!!  It's truly a gourmet dining experience in a relaxed atmosphere.  The food was incredibly fresh, artfully presented with attention to detail, and was very flavorful. I loved this place and definitely planning on returning in the future. It's well worth the price!
5	Food was fantastic, service was superb. Drinks were full at all times. Waygu beef tacos and chicken mole were top notch! Try the ultimate grill. 3 samples of appetizer, one entree and desert! Yeah
4	Brunch and I have a love hate relationship. I love me an excuse to drink early in the day. I love me the straddled line between breakfast and lunch. I also love me the $35 something price tag for their all you can eat brunch. Add $8 for all you can drink mimosas and I am on my way to a great Sunday afternoon. They do small plates for all of their brunch offerings. If you are there with a large party, they will prepare items on platters and present it family style. What we had:Green corn tamales- It was less a solid tamale and more of a corn pudding style in consistency. The flavors were amazing. It has a little kick, but the corn was so bright and sweet. Plantain Empandas- The sweetness of the bananas balanced out the saltiness of the cheese and black beans. The green chilies made it a well rounded dish.Bacon Jalapeno PB&J- Loved this dish. It is a fat kids dream. A breakfast sandwich jammed together with every kids favorite simple sandwich makes me drool a little bit. I won't lie, I make these at home from time to time and this version is everything I want it to be and more.Peruvian Shrimp and Grits- Uh, yes please. The sauce has a kick and the grits are creamy.Skirt Steak and Eggs- The meat and eggs are cooked to perfect. The best protein on the menu.Yucatan Eggs Benedict- Too much biscuit. It is basically a toad in a hole, but overwhelming.Machaca Chiaquiles- A pile of mush. Odd dish.Short Rib Hash and Eggs- Too many eggs by this point. How many innocent casualties must be left in our path!Churro Tots- Not as good as they sound. Odd sweet and sourness to them. Not quite a beignet, not quite a doughnut.Fig & Blue Cheese Quesadillas- The figs were the best part. Everything else got left behind.Lobster Pancakes- The biggest disappointment of the day. Little to no lobster sprinkled on top and it was an actual pancake. Weird combination.By the end, we were all tired and stuffed. The beginning half of the menu is by far the better half. I could have stopped at the Churro Tots and not think twice about the rest.
5	I planned  a bachelorette party (group of 5) and came here for Saturday champagne brunch - what a fantastic experience!  It was really a highlight of the day, and we had a lot of fun stuff that day.Definitely make a reservation (like everywhere in Vegas, it seems).  The wait was long, but since I'd booked on opentable, we were seated immediately.First, the service.  Our server (Carmie I believe) had a ton of tables, yet she checked on us frequently and never left us with empty champagne classes.  She was so sweet.  We did unlimited small plates, and she started us off with some of her favorite/the most popular dishes and then let us order anything we wanted.  Even though she was obviously super busy, she had a huge happy smile all the time, and managed to chat with us for a moment each time she stopped by.  I don't know how people like her do it.Second, the food. It was outrageously good. I can't believe I've never had breakfast small plates before - you don't have to choose! The shrimp and grits, short rib hash, and frittata were favorites with us.  We ate like kings for a super reasonable price, in a cute location.  We were STUFFED - brunch was at noon, and none of us was hungry for dinner at 7pm.By VEGAS standards, this place is $$ I think; by yelp's listed standard, it's $$$.  Unlimited small plates cost I think $33 per person and unlimited mimosas on top of that was $8 or $9.Highly recommend this place.
5	They have the best brunch that I have found in Vegas!
5	Had a great time at this place. Seated promptly on the patio with our two kids and our server was great. Got us chips and salsa quickly, along with water, so we could keep the toddlers occupied.My wife had the Yucatan Pork Tacos which the waiter recommended. No leftovers for me! She obviously loved them and was very happy, since we were having lunch a little late after going to the Mandalay Shark Reef.I had the Chicken Poblano Enchiladas which were fantastic! The charred, smoky flavor from the poblanos is unforgettable. I'm still thinking about it now. I also had a bloody mary with lunch which was really good.After reading some of the other reviews, I think next time the wifey and I will have have to do brunch here sans kiddos!!
5	I so want to meet the chef owners of this place.  We keep going back every time we are in Las Vegas and are absolutely never disappointed.  I had a skinny margarita and when my husband mentioned we'd had a prickly pear margarita once, they concocted one for him.  They had a fish special which is what I had and oh so good.  My husband had fish tacos which he said were delicious.  Their chips are some of the best around and the guacamole, well it's wonderful as well.  We've never had room for dessert so I have no idea if it's good or not.
3	I feel like this is a Mexican food joint for white people palates but I enjoy it none the less!  It's a good bet if you're looking for a nice place to have dinner, its a good mix of laid back/fancy.  The few times I've been here I've tried the fish tacos which are thoroughly enjoyable but probably not worth the 23 dollars they charge, the chicken enchiladas which are delicious but for 26$? But its the strip so what did I expect right... I've also had the the market veggie quesadilla which is tasty, cheaper, and a good choice if you're vegetarian.  Bottom line this place is worth a visit if you're in the area but I probably wouldn't go out of my way for it.  A lot of their reviews seem to be for their brunch so maybe that's where its at, to be honest they probably deserve 3.5 stars but oh well
5	For NYE dinner in Vegas, I chose Border Grill because, after seeing Susan Feniger on Top Chef, I have always wanted to try her cooking. Border Grill definitely lived up to my expectations. The restaurant is located in Mandalay Bay and is very nice. It's dark inside and the walls are covered in interesting modern art. The food was delicious! While the menu had a wide variety of choices included kobe beef tacos with a pineapple salsa and duck nachos (!), I chose the Border Classics, which is an appetizer but can easily fill you up. The appetizer included chicken panuchos, green corn tamales and plantain empanadas. This was a great choice. The chicken panuchos were small but delivered a powerful spice. The green corn tamales were sweet and I couldn't get enough of them, the texture was unbelievable. As for the empanadas, my god, they were absolutely fantastic. The combination of the sweetness of the plantains and the cotija cheese was wonderful. I enjoyed my dinner with the cucumber cooler, which is a mojito with a cucumber twist. Delicious and refreshing! After coming here, I can confidently say that I'd love to go back to Border Grill again and again, I'm glad there are a few near where I live!
3	So, first off I must say that I am a wimp when it comes to spicy food. Medium salsa is my limit. That being said, the steak quesadilla was really good! Everything else on the plate was too hot for me to eat. I'm from Texas... I live on good Mexican food. It doesn't have to light you up to be good. My husband loves spice and he got the steak nachos which he liked. .. unfortunately they didn't set too well. He's having some stomach issues now. That's why I only gave them 3 stars.
1	We were calling up to get information about the brunch buffet costs, we were told that a child is half off.  When we said a 1 year old costs 17 bucks to eat? the worker Nikki laughed under her breathe and said yes.  What poor customer service, and what business charges a one year old 17 bucks for a brunch buffet? I've never heard of that.
5	My Fiance and I just spent a few days in Vegas and what a great time we had. A friend of ours told us we MUST try Border Grill when they found out we would be staying at The Mandalay Bay Hotel. We are thankful that we listened to the recommendation, what a great place full of ambiance, delicious food and impeccable service. Our servers name was Jessi and boy did she ever make our experience unforgettable. Welcoming us to the restaurant and asking if we have dined with them before. She started us off with a Holiday Margarita and I will be honest I had my doubts about this "holiday" drink but boy was she ever correct in her recommendation.To be honest I normally brush off entree specials that are suggested by servers but Jessi described the Mahi Mahi special so well that I could not turn it down. (it may have had something to do with her deep Mid West Accent that sold me but whatever it was I am thrilled I took her suggestion, what a great dish!) My Fiance had the Yucatan Pork (another suggestion of Jessi's) and he could not stop talking about it! Jessi made us feel as if we were her most important guests, we never had an empty glass, never had a dirty dish sitting in front of us and I personally felt that Jessi anticipated our each and every need.  Being that we live so close and visit Las Vegas quite often we have decided that we will make this our regular spot every time we visit. Way to go Border Grill,with so many options to eat and drink in Vegas you have managed to gain 2 new fans of not only your food and drink but your staff!!!
4	We have visited the Border Grill every time we have come to Vegas.  It's a great spot with great food. On this trip we had carne asada tacos and Yucatan pork tacos.  The carne asada was well marinated. It's not a small meal. The Yucatan pork tacos were sweet and the tortillas were stuffed with black beans and added a good balance to the sweet meat. Definitely going back in our next trip.
5	I spent a wonder four days in Las Vegas recently after a period of time since my last visit.  A friend encouraged me to go to Border Grill saying I would not regret the long walk to get there from the casino I was staying at.  I will say Border Grill was my favorite meal while I was there.  I had the daily special of the smother pork burrito and I have to say it was the best burrito I have ever had.  The pork was extremely tender packed full of flavor.  The dish was visually appealing and quite deceiving.  ha ha.  It is a large portion but you just can not stop eating it. My friend had the fish tacos and I never thought I would like a dish like that but she insisted I try it.  To die for!!! I thought the fish was nicely seasoned, crispy and just the right amount of ingredients blended together.   I also had the sangria margarita.  Yum!!! I am lucky enough to be returning in two weeks for another four days in Vegas and I am definitely going to make border my first meal when I arrive.  Fantastic job Border Grill. Nice staff, great food, best view on the patio a must see in my opinion.  See you soon.
2	Not good the dessert was really bad ! The food was ok nothing g memorable .. Only good thing about this place is customer service! Won't go again
3	We were a bit disappointed.  My wife said it was better that last time they ate at the restaurant.  For me the atmosphere (inside dining room) was depressing, everything in shades of gray, along with the remote location with little foot traffic kind of lulls you into thinking "I really don't feel like i'm in Vegas anymore...zzz".  That said the food is pretty good, the flavors and sauces are sophisticated, as one would expect from the well known chef owners.  Beware of the salsas on the table, two of the three were pretty hot, and I typically like spicy food.  We noticed a new location for Border Grill in the Forum Mall, this will be an welcome improvement, look forward to trying this location when it's completed.  I'll give it another chance.
5	We had dinner here, we eat out a lot and I have to say by far we received the best service we have ever had at any restaurant.  Rachel started us off and Crystal took over, both were incredibly personal, attentive and very knowledgable.  The food was outstanding, flavorful, hot and large portions.  If you like grits, you MUST try the Tecate Carnita's.  There were six of us so we ordered quite a few dishes...the Queso Fundido was very good and any dish with the short ribs I highly recommend!  I could go on about this place, but I think you get the picture. We will definitely be back.  It's located at Mandalay Bay.
5	We had dinner at Border Grill on a Saturday night.  The place was about 2/3 full, but the patio, where we ate, was completely full.  It was a nice cool evening, and they had the heaters on.  We were directly underneath them, and I actually found myself a little warm.  Not uncomfortably so, but I definitely was noticing the heat. That wasn't an issue however; I clearly enjoyed the meal.  To start, you are brought 3 different salsas and chips.  Of these, the green was my favorite, although I liked both red salsas as well.  Our table of 5 decided to get the queso fundido to start, and 2 of them got guacamole.  The guacamole was good, certainly fresh.  It could have used some heat for my taste.  The queso was FANTASTIC.  Made with chorizo, it got crispy on the bottom where the cheese melted against the hot metal bowl.  I seriously considered ordering another serving of this, it was that good.  Crispy, melty, a little salty from the sausage.  Just a fantastic cheese dish.  The meal only got better from there.  The wife had the short rib enchiladas, which were great.  Loved the sauce, and they were covered with a ton of veggies.  But, the showstopper was my meal:  the gaucho steak.  This is a large ribeye (cooked to a textbook medium rare, by the way) on top of a HUGE bed of maybe the best chilaquiles I've ever eaten and served with a roasted onion half and roasted garlic.  If ever a dish was composed well, this is that dish.  All of this stuff went together fantastically well, you could get a perfect bite with all 4 components.  The chilaquiles were soaked in sauce and served with what appeared to be 2 different types of cheese.  The garlic and onion were roasted long enough to become sweet, flavorful and soft, but not so long that they were burnt in anyway.  I've been to many of the best steakhouses in Vegas.  While the gaucho steak isn't going to make me forget the reserve ribeye at Carnevino, it certainly is one of the more memorable steaks I've had on the strip.  Can't recommend this enough if you are a beef person.For dessert, the table had the tres leches cake and the chocolate cake (can't remember the exact menu title).  Both were good, but I found the chocolate cake to be far superior.Service was good, they leave a carafe of water on your table, which was nice.  And, when that was empty, they brought a replacement very quickly.  We'll definitely return, and I 100% will order the gaucho steak next time.
5	We came on a Saturday at 10 for their all you can eat tappas brunch. Now all I can think about is going back! We had a reservation and were seated a few minutes after they opened. Our server was one of the best servers I have ever had somewhere. While we were looking at the brunch menu, she suggested she could just get us started by ordering a few items while we decided specific items we wanted. A few minutes later our came the items she selected and ever dish was better than the last. When we ordered more, she got thm out timely and even brought some on her own. When we said we were full, she told us to sit a few minutes so we could make room for more! We never felt rushed or like we ordered to much which is the case so many times when it is all you can eat. All the food was amazing. The most memorable was the has with fried egg. The meat was so flavorful I could have eaten this alone and given the restaurant 5 stars. I also loved the shrimp and grits, french toast, and pork belly with waffle. They kept our drinks full and took away plates that were empty quickly. This will be a regular stop on every Vegas trip from now on. I can't wait to try "regular' menu items because if you can get that many dishes right, then the other stuff has to be good!
5	"Death by All You Can Order Brunch"On our search for a good Sunday brunch on the Las Vegas strip, my husband and I came across Border Grill on Yelp.  We have been to Border Grill in Santa Monica for happy hour, and really enjoyed the tacos we ate there, but when we saw the brunch menu here, we were sold.  You see, my husband is a huge fan of anything "all you can eat", but I don't love buffets because the food is often mediocre and the thought of people digging through the same food kind of skeeves me out.  Border Grill serves an "all you can eat" brunch for $34.99 per person, but you actually order small plates off a menu.  The best of both worlds for us, especially when for an additional $8, you can add bottomless mimosas!We made a reservation via Open Table for 11am, and were sat at a great table on the patio overlooking the pool area at Mandalay Bay.  We started off ordering 2 dishes each, and subsequently 1 dish each thereafter.  We never felt rushed by our server, which was a pleasant surprise.  Before our first dishes came, we were brought some delicious flaky empanadas, and the best corn tamales I've ever had (not being a fan of tamales, this was a great surprise)!  The mimosas were great, generous on the champagne, and there were many flavors to sample.  We had the typical orange juice mimosas, as well as peach, pomegranate, and my favorite, cucumber lemon.  Here is a list of the items we sampled, in the order we ate them, and our assessment:Breakfast Enchilada- good, but the corn tortilla was hard to cutShrimp and Grits- DELICIOUS, shrimp were cooked perfectlySkirt Steak and Eggs- best thing on the menu.  The steak was perfectly medium rare and well seasonedShort Rib Hash and Egg- averageCrispy Potato Rajas Taco- crispy and yummyBiscuits and Sausage Gravy- gravy was delish but 1 biscuit would have been plentyBreakfast Fries- smothered french fries, so delicious and bad for you, in a good wayBacon Jalapeno PBJ- a unique blending of flavors, but I didn't love it as much as I thought I wouldLobster Pancake- I enjoyed this, my husband did not likeWaffle with Pork Belly and Syrup- a wonderful blend of sweet and savorySkirt Steak and Eggs- SO GOOD WE ORDERED IT AGAIN BUT CAN'T FINISH ITBread Pudding French Toast- decadent and delicious, but I'm starting to feel like there's a brick in my stomachChurro Tots- oh dear God we ordered too much and I feel like I might dieThe food was so delicious we could not stop eating until we literally felt like we were going to explode.  It was all so amazing and delicious.  I don't regret our gluttonous brunch whatsoever because the food was just that yummy.  Suffice it to say we wobbled back to our hotel, took a food/champagne nap, and didn't eat much of anything for the rest of the day.  It was so worth it, and I can't wait to go back to Border Grill for brunch so I can experience Death by All You Can Order Brunch once again.
5	Went deeper into the menu this time.   Chicken Mole is the most tender , tasty chicken dish we ever had.    Gotta have the gaucho steak if u like that char flavor.   Great again.
4	On a recent trip to Vegas we decided to eat dinner in the hotel since we got in a little late and decided to explore other options outside the hotel over the next few days. The Border Grill was a real find we called ahead but since it was a Tuesday night it wasn't overly busy so we were able to get a table for four right away. We started out with a nice cocktail while exploring the menu everything looked so good. I started out with the Blood Orange Cerviche this turned out to be a great choice we ordered a mixture of different entrees to share wow this is gourmet Mexican Food. Our server was perfect and we ordered from her recommendations and wasn't disappointed. We found everything we orders delicious and the presentation was over the top. There are so many great places to eat in Vegas we had plans to eat another meal here but that didn't work out. I will definitely bookmark this for future reference if you are in the area and decide to try them out you won't be disappointed
5	The food was unreal. This was my fourth time eating here and luckily we were here after the busy Superbowl Weekend. We ate around 7 pm on a Monday and had no problem getting in. My dad and I started our meal off with guacamole, a pineapple mojito, and a peach margarita. As an entree my dad ordered the grilled fish tacos: it came with three tacos that were served in hand made corn tortillas and three different types of rice. I ordered a bowl of tortilla soup without cheese and also the tuna crude. My dad really enjoyed the dish and thought they were surprisingly light. I absolutely loved the tuna crudo. I am a true sushi snob and it has to be amazing for me to love it. This truly was unique, the combination between the fresh tuna, avocado, chipotle essence, and my favorite part toasted quinoa on top to add a bit of crunch. Words cannot describe how unreal it truly is. The soup also is something I highly recommend  as well, the base is very delicious with just a touch of heat added. The avocado in it adds a cooling factor to it though. Overall we were very impressed with this restaurant yet again. We shall be dining there again very soon.
4	Food is great. Love the skirt Steak and the guacamole is fabulous. A must stop whenever u are in mandalay bay.
4	Came for brunch AYCE.Great:Skirt Steak & EggBreakfast EnchiladaPeruvian Shrimp and GritsOK:Lobster pancake with Sunnyside Up EggFig & Bleu Cheese QuesadillaChurro TotsFritta TartYucatan Egg BenedictWaffle & Pork Belly with Maple SyrupGood food overall.
2	I came here for the fixed Sunday brunch menu.There are some fun things to try but I did not feel it was worth the $50 price.  If they brought it down to $35 or $40 I'd be more into it but spending $60+ dollars each after (if you get a drink) seems really ridiculous for Sunday brunch.
5	Went on Valentine's Day, was amazing. Literally shed tears at how beautiful it was. We sat up stairs outside, being from the east cost and coming to vegas in the Winter time and being surrounded by palm trees was amazing.  The food blew my mind. Was the best food I have ever had. The desert was even better, believe it or not . I am not a huge desert person, but wow did it blow me out my seat. It was amazing and by far my favorite place to go to now when I spend time in vegas. Loved it, and they had a locals discount, extra points for them! Loved it, if you are debating on going , don't debate anymore. GO! You will not regret it!!
2	Disappointing! Better Mexican food around.The food was kind of bland and lacked flavor
5	Ever since I checked out the brunch menu online a few weeks ago I have been dying to make it down to Border Grill, and it did not disappoint! We made reservation through Open Table and were seated as soon as they opened. Our server Autumn was great, and I never got to the bottom of one mimosa before another one was at the table. The mimosas are some of the best I've ever had and come in a variety of flavors (passion fruit, grape fruit, peach, etc). My husband had the cafe de olla which was also really good. We made it through 10 of the 22 tapas plates. My favorite was the waffle since it was nice and crispy, and my husband liked the steak and eggs so much that he ordered it twice. My least favorite was the Churro Tots, because I was expecting something crunchy like a churro while they were actually more like doughnut holes. We will definitely return to finish off the rest of the menu!
2	Pretty sure that this is the worst mojito I have ever had.  The food is mediocre at best. This is not a place I will come back to or recommend.
4	Every year when I hit Vegas for my convention, this is my lunch spot.  New menu this year that shows gluten free options.  Service is always great and the food and beverages are yummy.  The mojito choices are brilliant, as are the margaritas.  Go and enjoy!
4	I love this place!  Eaten here a couple of times while in Vegas, and we have always been able to get a table very quickly.  Service has been variable, but often a little slow.  Love the cucumber jalapeno margarita, most of the dishes that I've tasted have been very good.  I have had the achiote pork and the pork mole, both good.  My friend had the special roast duck with bbq sauce the last time we were there, and that was fanastic!  This place is definitely an upscale spin on "traditional" Mexican food, but I love that everything tastes really fresh and healthy.
4	My last visit here was a wonderful experience.  The queso fundido was again delicious, though the tortilla was as hot and greasy as Al Pacino on his prom night. The mixed drinks were decent, and the bartender was willing to alter a few ingredients to my taste.  I am not a fan of agave.  I decided to try the Oaxacan Strip Steak.  Magnificent.  The steak was soft and tasty, almost like a rib eye.  The mole sauce was as complex and flavorful as any I tried in Mexico.  Wow!Despite the high price, I will return here everytime I am in Vegas, and never try any new dish.  I'll keep experimenting with their drinks, however.  As for their desserts.... I'll never know because I am always stuffed before the main course is done.
4	Border Grill is great for AYCE and drink Mimosas! AYCE - $35 with Bottomless Mimosas add $8. We sat outside on the covered balcony/patio which overlooks the Mandalay pool. The weather was great! The AYCE has about 20 different small dishes you can pick from. Mimosas had about 7-8 fresh juices to mixed your champagne with... By the time you try them all you're pretty buzzed. I think my favorite flavors were the Mango or Passion Fruit, which I had to get seconds of...YUM! :Skirt Steak & Eggs ** really good **Peruvian Shrimp & gritsPlantain Empanada w/ passion fruit drizzle?Breakfast FriesChurro TotsThe service was great too. We were able to order right away each time, and the food came out fast. Can't wait to come back for the skirt steak and mimosas!
4	I went here with family as we had a Groupon to use for the "Ultimate Border Grill Experience". It's a restaurant in the Mandalay bay.We sat outside and had a nice view of the hotel towers. Very pretty the  atmosphere is very nice service was very good.We had:Plantain EmpanadasBrisket TaquitosGreen Corn TamalesChicken Poblano EnchiladasBaja CevicheFish Taco EnsenadaAssorted Desserts
4	Had an awesome dinner here before checking out the Michael Jackson One show. Highly recommend their margaritas and Baja ceviche as an appetizer.I had the skirt steak which was cooked perfectly medium as I had ordered and the tres leches cake was a tasty dessert. I would definitely come back again as the food and service was awesome!
5	Everything was outstanding with our visit to Border Grill.  Read about this in Vegas magazine and was so happy we decided to go here.  My girlfriend was really looking for a good meal with lots of flavor and this didn't disappoint.  We walked from the Wynn to Mandalay Bay to take in Las Vegas on our last night, so definitely worked up an appetite.  The margaritas were very clean and crisp with a hint of spice and paired great with the ceviche sampler that we started with.   After we demolished the delicious starter, we moved on to entrees - she had the Chicken Mole Verde and I went with the Yucatan Pork.  Both were incredibly filling and so very flavorful.  The Chicken was succulent and the pork was just delicious.  We had eaten enough that we didn't dare eat dessert and ended up taking some of our entrees home with us.  The wait staff topped off the experience by being involved, friendly and attentive.  Would highly recommend and plan to go there again when in Vegas.
4	We initially visited the Mandalay Bay for the aquarium but were in severe need for a meal and a drink. So glad we used Yelp and decided to drop by. The steak quesadilla was very delicious and different since they use some not so common cheeses like cojito (I think). The steak nachos weren't bad either. My fiance got the cucumber cocktail and I got the mojito. Both very yummy! Overall a great experience here.
4	Complimentary chips come with 3 kinds of salsa. I had the chicken tortilla soup because I had too much to drink and wasn't up for real eating. Soup was good and chunky with chicken. Extra tortilla strips and lime, please.My friend had the enchiladas. He asked for the red sauce to be put on the side but the waiter said it couldn't be done (what?!) and his plate came flooded with sauce.Anyway, we came in between the normal lunch and dinner area and sat in the quiet balcony-patio area. I saw that it was packed with people during lunch hours on my way to see the shark reef aquarium. Was a very pleasant time.
1	Wow this place has gone downhill! I ordered crane asada tacos and they brought out what they claim is wagyu tacos which were horrible. The house made tortillas were undercooked. Tortilla soup had so many onions it should have been called onion soup also no lime with the soup. The beans were cold and nasty! The kitchen doesn't like to do modifications here so don't ask obviously there's a chef with an attitude back there who needs to go. It's no wonder the place was empty. This place used to be one of the best Mexican restaurants in town and I used to recommend it to everyone. Just goes to show when ownership gets big (Susan) and popular and has multiple restaurants and gets corporate  they don't pay attention to the places that got them there make sure to avoid this place and go somewhere else for dinner. Boooo border grill shame on you!
3	Food was good but could be better. I swear the wagyu tacos was skirt steak... too tough to be wagyu. They are trying to take Mexican food to a 4 star level. Just do Mexican and do it good
4	DELICIOUS!This was my first time at this restaurant and the hype from my friends was certainly legitimate. I've never been to any of the ones in Los Angeles, but supposedly (according to my fellow Yelper, Cori G.) the Vegas one is far superior. We came here for lunch after driving all day and I had peeked at the menu ahead of time so I was already prepared to order the Baja ceviche. The waiter then informed me that if I wanted, I could order all three or mix two different ones together which was intriguing. I opted for just the one but I think next time I will have to try all three because I was totally blown away by the Baja one. It was bright and acidic with lots of onion and delicious tender chunks of fish and shrimp. My mouth is watering right now just thinking about those tart, tangy flavors with just a little bit of spice from the jalapeno. Yum!We had also ordered the guacamole and a couple plates of the crispy rajas tacos and both were equally delicious. The guacamole could have been a lot bigger in my opinion but it did the trick, and the tacos were a very unique appetizer. They were simple, crispy potato tacos accentuated by the salty cotija cheese and the sweet roasted corn. All the flavors came together very nicely in this dish, but it's a shame that you only get two for $10!Of course, the prices here are pretty high but I was expecting that for a restaurant inside the Mandalay Bay. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area that doesn't mind splurging a little on a meal. I am also really interested in trying the Los Angeles chains, and hopefully they are equally as good.
4	SO good. Had the tacos which were out of this world. Also had the spicy bean dip-- which was majorly spicy. I thought the spot was perfect for a quick casual work lunch. My coworker really enjoyed it and felt like we got a nice break from the Convention and Vegas craziness.The service was also very good. They were very attentive and hannnndsome!
4	3.5 solid starsAfter a long day in Vegas, we were ready to pig out for dinner!Ordered1) Guacamole and chips (the chips came out warm and fresh) were delish! 4/52) Skirt steak: 3/5 my expectations were higher..not the greatest plate on the table; the spice/seasoning on the steak was not my cup of tea3) Yucatan Pork: 4/5 this plate was delish! I would order this plate next time.Overall, solid food.
5	My favorite Vegas eatery hands down!!! Great GF, veggie, vegan options. Sustainable and organic. Such a great spot! Faves are quinoa avocado tacos, ceviches, mojitos, and sweet corn tamales.
5	Yes! Yes and YESSSS!!!! I had the short rib enchiladas (angels singing). They were FANTASTIC!!! I am not a "foodie" and I have very simple taste but chile let me tell you....Desert wasn't as awe inspiring but not bad either. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and he was very attentive.  The hostess (can't remember her name) was very friendly as was our server.  You have to walk a country mile to get to the restaurant but once you get there it is well worth it. Enjoy!
5	I've been to both their Santa Monica and LA location and this one is just as good as the originals. Great quick service even though they were slammed from a convention rush. The corn tamales are sweet and delish! You can taste how fresh everything is. The tortilla soup is hearty and has a good spicy kick to it.
4	Stopped by here for lunch with some coworkers while we were attending a convention.  Yum!  We were all pleasantly surprised!  Great customer service, great food... can't lose.I had the Baja ceviche that really took me back to Baja California.  Spot on.  Have you seen Ratatouille?  The moment the critic took a bite of that ratatouille dish and he had a flashback memory of when his mom would make the dish?  That was me.. except it took me back to a Carnival cruise I took to Baja several years ago :)I also had the white peach lemonade which was delish but more on the sweet side than expected.  No complaints really; it was still really good.  Some of my coworkers got the blood orange lemonade, and I swear they were talking about it the remainder of the day... and into the next day.  I guess I should've ordered that one!My coworkers all ordered different tacos, and they all said it was much better than expected.  We ordered the guacamole to share, and it was really good too!  I was expecting something along the lines of El Torito, but it's significantly better.
4	Gotta give Border a thumbs up for serving good food in relatively short order in spite of a huge crowd.  It is tough to find a combination of healthy and hearty, but several of the salads and tacos fit the bill for me.  They also have several awesome, house made salsas that make everything taste better.  It is also super-cool that you can sit outside after being imprisoned in the hotel/exhibit hall all day.
5	The Sunday brunch was awesome.  You have a pretty long list of mini versions of great breakfast plates which were all very good.  They encourage you to keep ordering.  You can add bottomless mimosas as a reasonable price.  Highly recommended.
4	Big flavors and big portions! My girlfriends and I loved it here so much we dined here twice in our 4 day trip! You can not go without ordering the Baja Ceviche - it's to die for, and this coming from someone who rarely eats seafood! The guacamole is decadent and the chicken poblano enchiladas were fantastic, especially with some of their salsa verde.
4	First thing to know about me is I am not a Vegas kind of girl, I hate the incessant lights, the gambling, the tackorama, the crappy cheap free food all over, so for me to love a place in Vegas some things must be in order, the things I love about Border Grille are, clean and beautiful, calm, natural soft light open healthy feel with the high windows and higher ceilings. The food was probably the best mexican food I have had in america. Artfully displayed and delicious and clearly fresh. I loved they have their signature cook book displayed and the staff was courteous and calm. A nice antidote to the hype and manic energy of Vegas overall.
5	One of my favorites on the Strip.  Gr8 food, ambience, view, service and value.  Love the brunch cooked to order,  Regular menu is creative Mexican dishes that will explode unique flavors into your palate.  Drinks are the bomb.  Cerviche, shrimp dishes, tamales, fish tacos, enchiladas-all good.  Come hungry and bring binoculars.
4	Love this place! I ordered the chicken enchiladas on a recent trip and then went back and got them again later in the trip..the green sauce is so good! Their chips, salsas, and margaritas are all very good and the bartenders will mix you up something special if you sit at the bar and tell them what you like. A very good spot hidden by the convention center in Mandalay.
5	Yummy! Came for the endless border brunchThe sweets were delish. My favorites were the French toast, fried green tomatoes and banyan foster crepes! Ohhhh and the oyster Rockefeller! It's tapas style Sunday morning. $35 for endless brunch and +$10 for endless mimosas. Delish overall.The tapas are not that small. So I suggest going with someone and each person getting different things to share
5	Ordered the border brunch for $35 and received plate after plate of amazing food. Great presentation. Great taste. Great environment. The view was great. The servers were incredibly nice. Absolutely would recommend. Try the fried green tomatillos, egg white oyster rockefeller, and everything else.
3	Great outside patio, but overall the dining experience was okay.To start off the server while attentive, was really not very helpful nor did she try to encourage us to try different things on the menu she was very ... Let's just say short with her answers to our questions.  I ended up ordering the mushroom mulitas. It was a very interesting - essentially mushroom stacked up apparently stuffed with beans and cheese and greens ...But all I could taste was mushroom and I swear there was not a pinch of cheese in the entire dish! which it desperately needed. I ended up ordering a side of tortillas so that I could chop it up and put it in something otherwise it just really didn't feel like a meal more like an appetizer. Overall the concept was there but it was poorly executed. On the plus side their chips and salsa was very tasty. Again, overall it was not a bad experience, but with all of the dining options in Las Vegas... I would not go back.
1	visited here on a Tuesday evening, we asked to sit inside as it was only a second date. we got seated outside there were a few babies so here and there a laugh and a scream. we ordered and were trying to have conversation, a huge group walked in. we could barely hear ourselves think let alone hear each other. the group kept getting bigger and bigger. I was finishing up my meal the queso dip that wasn't that great. A lady came over and said someone said we wanted to talk to her we didn't we only wanted our check. she contuied to apologized and then said that they tried to seat the group down stairs but they weren't having it. this is where I think she let down her customers. she said that the group keep getting bigger and bigger. She offered to buy us some drinks not even help with our bill. we spent 70.00 for crap food and worse environment. will never visit here again and will tell everyone.
2	Came here for dinner since we were staying in the resort. Ordered the skirt steak nachos & a mojito. I did not care for the nachos but my daughter who wanted them thought they were fine. The Mexican cheeses were not good. Tasted rotten, even though it wasn't! The chips/salsa are quite good. Chips are very fresh. Tomatillo salsa is very refreshing. The mojito was fine. I prob won't eat here again.
3	Food was decent and the drinks as well. Not overly impressed for the money. Typical casino eatery and typical casino prices.
4	The Border Grill is inside the Mandalay Bay casino complex and sports a great outside patio with the view of the lazy river.It is owned by high wattage chefs Sue Milliken and Susan Feniger the two (except too) hot tamales. So a Mexican restaurant with real chefs. A must try.We started with the tuna crudo and it was a little plain. Although I am merely an amateur, it seemed like it needed an acid of some sort. Then I moved on to the short rib enchiladas and chips and salsa. First, the chips were homemade, crispy and went down a little too smooth. The enchiladas were really good but I wish that I had settled for the chicken option. Short rib meat seems like a waste in the enchilada and while good it seemed out of place.Also, I had a cucumber mojito that was like drinking a cucumber. Absolutely delightful.We liked this place but we are suckers for Mexican food. If you find yourself around the strip and you like Mexican food then you should go here. It is top shelf Mexican but not weird gourmet Mexican. I'll be back.
4	Border Grill has the best brunch in Vegas.There. I said it. So why doesn't it get 5 stars? Two minor issues, both of which can be easily fixed. (More on that later...)We sat on the patio for Easter brunch. Although it was crowded, service was pretty fast, and the food--as usual--was delicious. For $40 each (plus $15 each for bottomless mimosas), my husband and I tried the following (in order of preference):Breakfast Fries (The BEST! Can't go wrong with Mexican poutine!)Chicken and Blue Corn WaffleYucatan Egg BenedictChorizo and Egg TacoSmoked Salmon SliderFried Green TomatillosMachaca ChilaquilesFresh Fruit (served in a pastry cone)Egg White Oyster Rockefeller (too much egg; not enough oyster)Bananas Foster CrepesPlus copious cucumber mimosas for me and traditional ones (with OJ) for himPer usual, we ordered from the menu, and the staff brought out the food in waves. As I said, the food was great, and our waiter kept the drinks coming. I was pleasantly surprised by the cucumber mimosas, which I'd never had (or heard of) but are now definitely my favorite.Unfortunately, there was some miscommunication between the kitchen and the servers, because our food kept going to the wrong table and we kept getting food that we didn't order. That wasn't too big a deal, because all the diners around us were friendly and had no problem passing over the correct plates, but it seemed like the tickets were somehow one table off.The other minor problem was that there was nothing to put your used silverware on while you were waiting for your next plates to come out. We ended up tearing an empanada in half and using it as spoon rests for our forks and knives, but it would be great (and easy) to just bring out a couple of little plates for diners to rest their silverware on. (Especially for us diners on the patio, where the tables were a little dusty.)That said, we will definitely be back to Border Grill, and I hope I can bump my grade up to 5 stars next time around. (And I hope they put the Breakfast Fries on the permanent brunch menu. YUM-MY!)
5	I came to Border Grill while I was on vacation a couple weeks back. I'd found a list of the 10 best brunch spots in Vegas, saw they had one with a Mexican/Spanish influence and booked a reservation. Initially I wanted to come because of the bottomless mimosas but after a very long and trying Friday night instead I ordered a 'refresher.' Note: refreshers are the best hangover helpers around. I was with four other girls and we had the best waitress ever, whose name I wish I could remember! I just remember she had medium length dark brown hair and knew everything about the food. She ordered a few things on the menu for us to get everything started. All in all everything we had was fabulous. We had: churro tots, fruit, home fries, pastor taco, tamale, shrimp and grits, biscuit and gravy, lobster pancake, quesadilla.... and so much more I can't remember. The only thing I wasn't a big fan of were the biscuit and gravy.If you're in Vegas, check it out! This place is definitely worth a trip. Ask to sit on the patio so you can look out on the pool.
3	I really wanted to like the food here. It yelped well so I took a chance knowing well hotel food usually sucks. I had the tortilla soup. It was more like tomato basil with tofu and some tortilla strips. $14. Not great. Not worth the money. I next had grilled fish tacos. They were OK however the rice and beans were cold. And, why is it you can never get decent hot sauce?  Good service. Bad food. Good ambiance.
4	Yum, yum,yum. Yucatan pork rocks and plantains were cooked perfectly. Waitress Sunday was great. Bar was a bit under staffed, wine order took too long, but ultimately they came through. We will be back.
5	We had the Saturday Brunch, small plates tasted 12 of the like 20 items on the Brunch Menu plus bottomless Mimosas. One word to describe it... DIVINE!! Everything thing was delicious , complex layering of flavors to tickle every taste bud upon the tongue. If you have not experienced a "tapas" type meal I recommend Border Grill. Our server Mike was fantastic knowledgeable about the menu and knew intuitively what would tickle our fancy. Also very personable and funny! A treat to interact with! He made my young daughter feel at home and engaged her in banter and recommended the Ceviche Trio for her. SHE adored it, for a child she is very adventurous when it come to food. I cannot over state how wonderful the food , service and atmosphere is in Border Grill. Go ahead take the plunge and try it! You wont regret it!
4	A great place for a weekend brunch. For about $30 per person it's all you can eat. You choose from their brunch menu and they bring you tasty selections. All you can eat so they keep the dishes coming til you tell them to stop. Also bottomless mimosas for $10. The food is great, Mexican with a twist. Very flavorful! Try the brunch so you could try a little of everything! Never had a problem with service however, the restrooms are outside the restaurant and quite a walk if you've got a broken foot like me.
4	Yup I'm a fan of this place. We made a reservation for a sunday brunch. It didn't seem that busy when we arrived but I still recommend to get a reservation so you get a spot for sure. I would rather come here than any other buffets in Vegas because you don't have to wait at all and it was quite good. So we decided to try the all you can eat tapas menu which consist of 15(around) items which can vary from appetizers to entrees to desserts. Our awesome waiter was super helpful in telling us what was good and recommend we could do. Since we had a party of 8, he made it easier for us by simply putting it in a family style plate where 4 of us share and the other 4 share. The food really depends on you but I really recommend the Steak and eggs, breakfast fries, and the corn tamales. Reason why I love the steak and eggs was because it was super flavorful and the steak was actually good quality(and it's all you can eat so go wild man). The breakfast fries were awesome in which it consist of every man's dream...bacon,short rib, fries, cheese, egg....like imagine that into bites of yummyness.  However these two items I mention are super deadly, so my personal favorite that is super light was the corn tamales. I personally think it's adorable how they wrapped the tamales. THey provide you with sour cream and salsa. It's not a lot in the tamales but it's really good and light. Then there was our awesome waiter, Mike, that was super attentive and friendly towards us. He made small talk, he helped us a lot with the menu, and I simply befriended him(I wasn't even drunk). So the extra star is for our waiter who made me enjoy my time at Border Grill A LOT more. There it is people...I recommend giving it a try especially if you're not down to wait 2 hours for a damn buffet.
3	For my girls-only brunch in celebration of my 30th birthday I chose Border Grill. I think for it being AYCE and having unlimited mimosas for a few extra bucks it is not a bad option. However, it is still just sitting at "okay" for me based off of a second experience.Since I had come here last (2012) they have upped all their prices. What used to be $5 for bottomless mimosas is now $10 (BIG price jump). And what used to be $29.99 AYCE is now $34.99 AYCE. Again, another big price jump.As for the food and what I had....Chorizo & Egg Taco - Still good, and still one of the better plates on the menu.Chilaquiles - OK. I've had better elsewhere.Bananas Foster  Crepe - Not good. Came out luke-warm, and not tasty.Salmon Slider - Very good. Salmon smoked nicely, and with the jalapeno bacon and goat cheese, with some spicy sauce, it was delicious. Only down side? The bun was dry.Eggs Benedict with pork on a biscuit (can't remember the name) - Was actually good, with an over-easy egg to break into the biscuit, mixed with the slow-cooked pork inside was a good combo, but the biscuit was over-powering the meat. Smaller biscuit, or more meat please (more meat would be better).I did not indulge in mimosas, however my friend did and they have quite the array of flavors. Although she seemed to enjoy the Peach flavor the most. I did have endless cups of coffee, which is served with sugar and cream.Service was attentive and congenial, but food was slow to arrive, and some plates went missing, only to appear because our server had to go hunt and find them.Overall I think I may have had my fill of Border Grill Brunch and I will have to branch out and find a brunch in Las Vegas that fulfills my needs better.
3	Solid brunch. But doesn't quite measure up to the other culinary delights that Vegas has to offer. Pros:Delicious empanadasAwesome fruit salad with chili powder - refreshing, spicy, funBottomless mimosas for $10 in 8 different flavors? DELICIOUS - the lemon cucumber was my favorite.Chicken and Blue corn waffles were pretty great.Cons:The rest of the food was pretty average. It tasted good, but nothing really stood out. The eggs benedict came in a huge, dense biscuit that wasn't really conducive to trying lots of small plates. The red velvet pancakes were a little dry. Don't know if I would go out of my way to go again, but wouldn't put up a fuss if someone else wanted to go.
4	Amazing brunch!!!! They have different flavored mimosa from cucumber lemon, to pomegranate, watermelon, peach...... They have small plates tapas style that is made to order, everything I ordered was pretty good my favorite one is the tamales, oyster Rockefeller, shrimp with grits. Definitely will be back again
5	Sunday brunch is good stuff, Rachel was the best :)
5	Meatless Monday special was outstanding! Our server was Sundey and she was very helpful finding items that fit our new diet. The appetizers were so good! Green corn tamale, Quinoa Fritters, and a Plantain Empanadas. Our entrees were the  Portabello mushroom and spouse had the market vegetable quesadilla. So flavorful and fresh. Followed with a nice light sorbet......try the coconut sorbet! Mmmmmmm.Sundey was extremely pleasant and made our dining experience perfect. We will be back.
4	Border Grill is an oasis of calm amidst the hustle and bustle of Mandalay Bay. In need of a gluten free lunch during the AWEA Windpower conference, I found this charming spot near the convention center, grabbed a seat at the bar, and proceeded to relax and let the excellent staff take care of me for the next hour.Almost everything on the menu is or can be made gluten free. The chips and salsa are a nice way to start your meal, and I washed them down with a hand-muddled traditional mojito. Delicious!The bartender recommended the Border Classics for my meal. This tasty sampler plate is a good way to try a little of the Mexican-inspired menu. You get two chicken tacos, two plantain empanadas, and two green corn tamales. I enjoyed every single bite. Highly recommended, even if you don't have a gluten allergy.
3	Some friends and I dined here for Sunday brunch while visiting Las Vegas in March 2014. Food was wonderful. I had the chicken enchiladas poblanos which was really, quite good. I would order it again in a heartbeat. We also ordered dessert. The Mexican chocolate cream pie was extremely delicious and very, VERY rich. I ordered the smaller portion and still couldn't finish it. My spouse had the flourless chocolate cake and said it was quite good. I had a small bite of his, but between the two, I prefer the Mexican pie. Atmosphere and service are nothing exceptional. It's a perfectly ordinary restaurant that happens to put out some exceptionally good Mexican food. They do get bonus points for sustainable sourcing of the meats though. That's something that's important to my family and I was glad to see them take that stance.  I can't say that it's a "can't miss" establishment, but if you have the time and are craving Mexican food, this is a great place to try. I'd recommend brunch, for the added bonus of $10 bottomless mimosas.
2	I love border grill in Santa Monica and DTLA. it's a shame that the service at their Vegas location is so horrible.
4	Candice was an excellent waitress and a real pleasure. Had the chicken mole verde which was great. We had six in our party and no one left hungry.
5	The Weekend Brunch is one of our monthly traditions. If you're a local, it's around 35 dollars for all you can eat small plates (although some of the dishes are pretty big, like the Yucatan eggs benedict) and all you can drink Mimosas.Excellent quality on the food, and a great selection of sweet and savory choices, like green corn tamales, Braised short ribs and eggs, and a deconstructed blt that was fantastic. On of our favorite places in town, and highly recommended!
3	Yummy food!  Service was a little lagging but it was nice sitting in their patio area with our big group.I will say that they do not have many options that they can make vegetarian, in terms of altering their menu;  however, I liked the portobello mushroom dish I ordered, even though I am not a huge portobello mushroom fan.  Drinks were really yummy, so that was a plus.   We all had food coma afterward, which was not good for trying to go out after, but a great meal is always good.Service was okay but our water glasses were not filled very much and once the food was ordered, they didn't come by much to check on us.  Overall, check it out if you eat meat/fish.  For vegetarians, there are not too many options to check out the menu first before going.
3	This review saddens us.  We used to LOVE this place for having one of the best ribeye's in town.  We came here last night because we wanted a great dinner, what we got was anything but that.  The ribeye's which they charge $38 for was not even worth $10.  The last time we were here a medium rare ribeye was very juicy and tender, last night it was dry, hard and a very bad cut of meat.  My wife's was so bad she sent it back.  The manager came over and apologized saying she did not know if maybe it was the vendor did not have exactly what they ordered this time or what happened.  She did apologize and took the ribeye off our bill and told my wife she would also comp dessert or another drink for here.  She said she did not want the dessert but would have another drink.  Guess what $12 charge for the drink, no comp???A big deal, NO not really, just another sign of a great place going down hill.  I am not sure what happened to the quality of the meat they use, but the ribeye I had was nothing like the last time.  Also, when someone tells you they will do something, they should make sure it happens.  Our server was new only been there a few months, but the entire feel of attention to detail and service was so different then the last visit we had.  It is sad to say this place will now be off our list of good places to visit.  I still encourage you to give this place a shot, just know in advance everything is very spicy even though the waiter will tell you "NO, its not spicy at all".  This is not a bad thing just something to be aware of as not everyone likes spicy foods.
4	31 May 2014, 08:00pI've been to the Santa Monica and Downtown LA locations before so there was no objection from me when our local friend wanted to try this location.  Hubby finished early so we decided to go to the restaurant and see if we could get seated earlier than our 9p reservation.It would take our friend a little while to get there so we sat at the bar and ordered a Border Shaker for Two.  Our cocktail waitress was very friendly and shortly after we ordered the bar got pretty crowded.  We were at a table and enjoyed our order.  It was so tasty that I was actually wondering if there was tequila in the drink as it was not noticeable at all.  Hubby did get quite buzzy, so that answered my question.  The shaker for two comes with two cocktail glasses, a shaker, a small bottle of tequila (enough for two shakers-full) and an extra glass with the other margarita ingredients.  The shaker contains the first round of the margarita mix and the tequila is added at the table before it's shaken (without a top).  When you're ready for round two, pour the second batch of mix into the mixer and add the rest of the tequila.  Note, the first round only had about a third of the tequila in it and the second round was too much to fit into the mixer.  We actually had to pour the tequila into our cocktail glasses.  Well worth the $29!Our friend arrived and we were able to be seated an hour earlier than our 9p reservation time.  We were seated outside and even though it was still in the 90s, the sun had set, there was a breeze and it was actually quite comfortable.  Water was poured and chips with three types of salsa were brought to the table.  The chips are very light and crispy and appeared to be flour tortillas versus the traditional corn tortillas.  There is a red salsa, a green salsa and a chipotle salsa.  All three are good, but the smokiness of the chipotle easily made it my favorite.  The green came in a close second and the red seemed a bit pedestrian, possibly for the non-adventurous.We ordered:Blood Orange Margarita - for our friendCorn Chowder (on the special's menu) - for our friendCeviche Trio (Peruvian, Baja, Tuna Credo) - for me and hubbyChicken Poblano Enchiladas - for our friendGaucho Steak - for hubbyTecate Carnitas - for meThe Ceviche Trio arrived first and it is a small sampling of the three different types of ceviche listed on the menu.  The trio is not listed, but our waitress informed us that we could do any combo of any of the ceviches.  We opted for the trio so we could try them all.  The Tuna Credo wasn't very exciting.  The seasonings weren't prominent enough and tasted pretty bland.  The Peruvian and Baja were a little more flavorful.  Hubby enjoyed the Baja the best and my favorite was the Peruvian.  All three had large amounts of fish (and shrimp in the Baja), but the portions are probably only large enough to share between two people.Our friend had the corn chowder and he said it was very tasty, albeit a bit spicy.  He enjoyed the kick to it, though, and finished the entire bowl.Our entrees arrived and all three were generous portions.  Our friend enjoyed his enchiladas and finished them.Hubby ate about half of his steak which he really liked.  It was served over a bed of what appeared to be "chilaquiles", but he said it was a little odd.My carnitas were excellent!  The presentation was pretty interesting as well, with the black bean salsa layered with what the corn grits above and then finished with a huge pile of carnitas, jalapeno bacon and onions.  A singular large flour tortilla accompanied.  I was only able to eat about a third of the meal and I was full.Hubby and I both took our leftovers back to the hotel and had them the next day.  Still good!  It's been awhile since I'd been to the Border Grill and it was nice to have another experience to remind me why I enjoy this restaurant.  The staff and service were excellent and the generous portions of the tasty food don't hurt, either!
5	Now that BG has a new chef, I decided to update my review! Menu overhaul has happened, the faves are still on board and some new treats to try. We are still major fans! We've been thrice since Chef Chris came on board and have yet to be disappointed. We brought a bunch of friends here in March and loved our time. We had some food allergies in our group so we begged not to do family style and were elated when we were given the approval. Came again in May with family and for the first time, remembered to ask for the Chef's secret brunch item (that wasn't so secret since it was on Facebook). The waitress looked at us like we were insane and said "we don't have secret items here." Then, when shown the picture: "Oh, we must not be giving those to the public." Lady, I'm pretty sure I've seen 4 other tables get the delicious Jalapeno Sorbet. Queue bringing the items out. She explained she just started in April... probably something that should be discussed before sending her out during brunch service. Hopefully one of these times we will meet chef Chris since we've met Chef Mike several times (gotta get to Truck U!!)
2	Not what I expected from this caliber of establishment. The service sucked. I requested items on several occasions, & received none. I ordered the shrimp & scallop dish. Shrimp was over-cooked and scallops were raw. They told me to scoot my scallops onto another plate to re-fire. Totally not right. Brought them back still under cooked. Really? Then they put on super spicy chilis onto the plate. I almost burnt my mouth off. Don't go there. You can do better!
5	Dined here tonight before Lionel Richie concert, hadn't been in a while and was looking forward to it. I loved the special menu created by the chef who worked with Bobby Flay. I had the ahi tuna , eggplant , and chips with guacamole. Filling, great to share with two people, and just fantastic.. I have yet to be disappointed by anything at this place. Even the non alcoholic drinks were just right & refreshing. Fresh limeade and sparkling pomegrante juice D: The service always exceeds expectations, our server knew exactly what to suggest and knew his menu thoroughly.. It's always nice when a server can make suggestions based on what you tell them you like. He also mentioned the vip club for 15% off our bill. Food was brought out promptly and presented well.. I really enjoyed the wasabi mashed potatoes with my ahi, and everything else that just complimented my dish well.
4	Sat/Sun Brunch is definitely worth it - $35.  Unlimited Mimosas, great tapas...this isn't a buffet - they are brining you fresh tapas from the kitchen - just pick the things you would like or do what I did - just tell them to steadily bring you things and this beautiful selection of breakfast oriented tapas just keeps coming.  My favorites by far:  the Chilaquiles and the Shrimp and Grits - excellent.  Also love the oyster rockefeller, the fruit cup, and the salmon slider. Sat downstairs by the pool - outside - great people watching because you can see Mandaly's "Lazy River"...take your time - I spent 2 hours just casually eating, drinking mimosas, writing.  Also - excellent service - some of the best I have seen in Las Vegas
3	I want to give this place more stars but just found the place OK.  My wife did love her chicken caesar salad...but how hard is that kind of dish?  I had three different kinds of tacos (the waitress suggested this when I could not decided).  I was really looking forward to this but nothing about the dish made me say wow.  I think I enjoyed the tacos at Tacos El Gordo more for much cheaper of a price.  The best part of our meal was our appetizer of plantain empanadas...yummmm...that I could eat every day for sure.
3	Came to Border Grill for my sisters Bachelorette and it was a fun time with the girls but the food was ok!!! Service was slow maybe we got there late and staff was over us also it took forever to get water hello am hungover!!! The food I think had great balance and lovely presentation but the rice was hard and cold and so was my tortillas very cold. I ate and didn't complain I was starving probably won't go back.
1	This place was just ok. We sat outside and it was very loud but that is not the restaurants fault. We loved the chips and salsa and were looking forward to our meal. I ordered the fish tacos and hubby ordered the short rib enchiladas. I was shocked to see my tacos, they were so small, like an appetizer, the tortillas were smaller than fajita sized tortillas(which is the size I expected). There was a chunk of fish in each taco( there were 3) but the piece of fish on one of the tacos only covered half of the tortilla. So, I take a bite and although presentation was good, these tacos were so bland to me. I tasted a hint of lime but that was about it. Hubby said he would rather eat Taco Bell! He said the taste wasn't horrid, but his dish was way overpriced. Service was horrible, we were  checked on once during our meal by our waitress. We had more interaction from the bus boy!!  The water we were served was barely cold, after filling our glass once, we were given a carafe of room temperature water. I guess their ice maker was broken. We ordered the guacamole, it was good, but way overpriced as well. It came with two oversized chips to which hubby and I both exclaimed "that's it?!"  Maybe we both got bad dishes, or the chef was having an off night and forgot to season our food. If you are recovering from the flu and need bland food, I highly recommend this place. :)
1	You cannot foo-foo up Mexican food and have it taste like real Mexican food.  How bout cheddar cheese on my chicken nachos instead of feta cheese.  Who eats crumbly cheese instead of melted cheese on nachos!?  I know for rich people, it either has to look like crap or taste like crap to be fashionable, but when I heard this was a really good Mexican food restaurant, that's what I expected.  They did nail the high end price though, $90 for 2 nasty dishes and $7 for a Corona.  If you want good Mexican food, don't go here, even Taco Bell would be better.  However the benefit is you are inside Mandalay Bay, so go play Blackjack after you throw up and you can win your money back that you wasted on this dump.
5	Oh Border Grill, how sad am I that you, somehow, inexplicably, don't have a location in the Bay Area.  We would welcome you with open arms!  I would single handedly pay your rent for a year the first month out!  There's not just one thing that sticks out about Border Grill, but it's a culmination of everything, executed to perfection.  The drinks are imaginative, strong, sweet, spicy, tangy, whatever you want them to be.  The food kind of sucker punches you with how exceptionally delicious it is.  I mean, I knew it'd be good, but not that good!  Shouts of "WHAT IS THIS?!" accompanied by vigorous head nodding could be heard echoing throughout the restaurant with each bite of my plantain empanadas.  The Oaxacan strip steak is as delectable as it is huge.  And if that mesmerizing mole doesn't win you over, you don't stand a chance against the wild mushroom quesadilla. Not. A. Chance. If you're as undyingly full as we were but stubborn enough to force down a dessert because everything else was so amazing you could never live with yourself without having tried it, they do two half portions of any of the desserts so you can "share" but still get the one you want!  Fair warning: the half portions are pretty much as big as a full portion anywhere else.  The service is effortless.  Ryan was awesome; he knew the menu inside and out, made some great recommendations, and gave us good tips for ordering.  Someone give the guy a raise!  The ambience is perfectly cool and casual, so we felt totally welcome to take our time ordering, just sit back and lounge and keep the drinks on coming.  And all this for way less than it has any right to be!  I'm just so angry!  Where are you back home when I need you, Border Grill?!
5	Hosted my wedding brunch here!!  The staff, food and room was amazing!!!
5	Yesterday I attended the Doraemon Launch Party during the Licensing Expo because I was working as a Guide with the girl who actually played the Doraemon character. The staff were so friendly, accommodating, and attentive to us while we were there. It was very difficult for my co-worker to walk around in her costume and they were gracious enough to let us use their office for breaks since the original location where we were supposed to take breaks was a little bit of a walk.They offered us plenty of drinks and even made us a food plate. The quality of the food itself is excellent. I used to eat at Border Grill when I used to work at Mandalay Bay years ago and hadn't been in a long time. I will definitely make it a point to bring both my local and out-of-town friends to the restaurant more often from now on. Thanks to the Border Grill staff for everything. You ROCK!!! :-D
5	Had brunch with great service from Alisha. Food was great service 5 stars and a perfect location. Bottomless mimosa's during the entire time. Alisha timed everything perfect. Highly recommended this place if you are anywhere near MB on a Sunday looking for brunch.
4	I was in Vegas for work and attended a week-long conference at Mandalay Bay.  I didn't plan out lunch very well and on the first day I ended up in the food court eating a Nathan's foot long hot dog and fries for $11 and I was pissed.I was determined to find something better, and I had walked past this place called "Border Grill" while walking from the convention area back to my car in the parking garage, so I looked it up on Yelp.  It had good reviews, so I tried it out for lunch the 2nd day of the conference.Pros:-Food is good and authentic-Seating is fast and they will get you out on time to get back to work-service is fairly goodCons:-a little rushed-expensive, if you're not paying attention.As I was seated, the waitress said "Chips and salsa are coming, do you want some guacamole as well?:I should have known enough to ask what it cost but I didn't.  I think they rely on most people assuming that it is free.  I was served a plate of decent chips and salsa, and then a huge plate of chips and guacamole.I ordered the special smoked salmon bagel, which was very good.  In fact, it was extremely filling considering it sounds like a brunch item.When I got the check, though, I saw the guacamole plate was ten dollars!  This raised my lunch from ~25 to about ~35 bucks.  Kind of a scam, if you ask me.The waitress should tell you the price of the guacamole when offering it, I've never been anywhere that a guac+chips plate was more than 4 or 5 bucks.I left a minimal tip (don't feel too bad for her, my minimal tip is 11%).  She should have told me up front what the costs were.Anywyay, lunch was very good, certainly better than Nathans, and I would go again, but be careful about what you order.
3	Nice restaurant with a very nice ambience but the food is slightly above par which makes this place fall short  because how overly priced it is. I ordered the fish tacos, for 23 bucks I was expecting a larger portion.
5	Had an awesome meal here!  The salsas were great and the guac and black bean dip are delish!  Must haves!  That and a couple blood orange margaritas and I didn't really need anything else. But of course tried the carne asada quesadilla. Everything was so good and Sunday was our server. Would for sure go back again!!  Great night with gal pals!
4	Yum. The kobe tacos were great, and the chicken in mole was awesome too.especially the chocolate mole.that was definitely my favorite. Great service in vegas style.would definitely go back.
2	My friends have eaten here for dinner and enjoyed it. So, we decided to come for brunch. Bad decision. After placing our orders, we waited over an hour for our food to arrive. When it did, it was cold. Eggs congealed, shrimp & grits a solid mass. While enduring our wait, I Had 2 "special" bloody mary's with chili and with bacon-infused vodkas. Marginal; nothing special. We were far from the only table experiencing problems: during our wait, we saw the manager putting out fire after fire. One table apparently reporting long wait & cool food too (we found out they were right); at another table, 2 young ladies had a mimosa poured on top of them. It should be noted that the manager did step up. He took care of our bill (drinks only; we did not eat the cold food but left still hungry & went elsewhere to eat) and offered to take care of our bill the next time. However, we live out of state, and while my friends come to Las Vegas annually, who knows when or if I might be back? The point is, the manager should not have had to "make it right." Very disappointing.
5	We love this place!  Every time  we come here we have to stop.  The brunch is the best I have ever had.  We were probably here for 2 hrs and never once felt pressured to leave.  Our waitresses was fantastic.   She helped with the selection of dishes and I felt she was on the mark for all her suggestions.  We had bottomless mimosas.   I am behind on writing this review.   We were in vegas at the 1st of the month.   I asked our waitresses to write her name down and then I washed my jeans with the paper in them. :(  I believe it was Camber.   I also spoke with the manager on duty when I left and told them what a great time we had and how awesome she was.  Get the shrimp and grits, corn tamale, oysters Rockefeller, & the French Toast! I loved the chicken more than the waffle.  We will be back!
5	I regret not visiting the LA Border Grills when I lived there because I'd be there weekly. After the previous night's disappointment at Fleur we decided to try something a smidge more casual and Border Grill ended up being our first choice. Why is it great where Fleur failed? 1) The food is actually cooked well and didn't confuse salt and fat with flavor. Seasoning on everything was perfect from the chips through to the desserts. The food all had nuance, even the steak which is usually one of the more boring things on the menu was seasoned spectacularly well. The accompanying quesadilla would have been a great appetizer in its own right. I don't think it's possible to go wrong on this menu.2) The service gives a shit. Our server was awesome, he steered us in the right direction on recommendations, telling us what he wouldn't order, and why, and making sure that everything was there when we needed it. At one point we needed a spare steak knife and didn't need to flag someone down, it just appeared as if by magic. Everyone we interacted with was awesome, and they got the pacing perfect. We never waited for anything but we also never felt rushed.3) Casual is, well, casual. Border Grill manages to do a bit upscale without being stuffy. This is just an easy restaurant to be in. The energy is great throughout and the patio is a great place to be, overlooking the pool at the Mandalay Bay and it was even comfortable in the beginning of summer. Nothing is forced.4) The drinks are great. There's a bunch of different spins on Margaritas on the menu and they're all worth drinking and all perfect for summer. Order anything from the cocktail menu with confidence. It's all great.Some restaurants have great food but the service is off, or they have great service but the food leaves something to be desired. Or there's great food and service, but the bar is weak. Border Grill is one of the few restaurants that hits on all cylinders.
2	The steak in my tacos were drowning in sauce/marinade---drowning.  Of course, I got through it and ate every bite (I always do), but definitely not worth $28.  That's right you heard me, $28 for three mediocre tacos.  I don't think any taco is worth $28--ever.  What possessed me to order those????  Hunger does strange things to the mind.  Not worth it and I was mad all night that I ruined my dinner on the "so not worth it, $28 tacos."
4	Wow! Really solid delightful brunch option. For $34.99 sample any and all of the nicely prepared small plates. The attention to detail in the presentation and the taste was wonderful. A bit slow on the service but overall awesome. Highlights include: Yucatan EggsBreakfast TacosA Unique OysterSalmon Slider
3	Border Grill is not a bad restaurant by any stretch. Our dining experience started off great! We ordered the black cherry mojito and they brought out an order of chips and salsas. The chips were delicious! Hot, lightly salted, great flavor. All 3 of the salsas were tasty as well. Our bartender was very friendly and personable, and also gave us a card for 15% off any meal because we are locals. After we were seated, the dining experience went downhill a bit. Our server was not nearly as friendly as the bartender and seemed a tad bit put off by us. I ordered the halibut special, which I was not a big fan of. The fish was pretty dry, and the risotto patty underneath it (I'm not sure what it was called), was alternately creamy and crunchy.The rest of my party enjoyed their meals, however. I sampled the chicken quesadilla, which was very good. Entrees ranged between $20-$35, which was a little high, but understandable for a Strip restaurant with a celeb chef name.
3	Ate at the Border Grill at Mandalay Bay recently. Look and feel: Modern Mexican. It's bright, vibrant, and loud. Very Vegas.The food:They start you with chips and salsa, of course. The tortilla chips are great. Just thick enough to be crunchy rather than crispy, and the right level of salt. Two of the three salsas were pretty good, but not even remotely spicy so we asked if they had anything with some kick. Our waiter brought their spicy salsa, but it was really disappointing - kinda bland, not spicy on my tongue, then fiery in the back of my throat - all of the bad of spicy food and none of the good. We went back to the two that we liked.Their guacamole was very good. Extremely fresh and flavorful, and they let the avocado shine.Based on our waiter's suggestion, I ordered their Yucatan pork. It was pretty good, but not any better than I've had in family taqueria's in the bay area. Solid refried beans, completely unremarkable spanish rice, moist pork. The corn tortillas were dry around the edges so I stopped after eating one of them. Probably the best thing on the plate was the plantains.The service was very good from start to finish.My overall impression is that this was a reasonable place that I wouldn't avoid, but neither did it leave me with anything that screamed "I have to return."
1	Presentation looks nice but food doesn't taste good, the only thing that we liked was the ceviche, waste of money and calories
5	Yelping LIVE @ BG.. This brunch kicks arse! Hostess Jaklyn so friendly! Server Ron is amazing! Mimosas coming fast and furious! New chef Chris is rockin it with the small plates.! I am bloated and loaded!
5	Really great brunch... The service was outstanding. Loved every bite, from the fried green tomatillo to the secret beignets. The staff was top notch. I will return! Thank you Francisco.
1	There are so many great restaurants in LV now - you have my permission to AVOID this one. Worst food I should have just downed the salt shaker I would have saved time waiting for what was a salt laden and uneatable meal. The drinks and doused in sugar and I don't even like the chips I caught a few stale ones and those leave a horrible taste in your mouth.
5	I had a great dinner tonight at border grill.The service was excellent from beginning to end. The hostess jaqueline was amazing and friendly. She accommodated our large group very quickly even though we did not have a reservation. Oh and the food was super good! The gaucho steak is hands down one of my favorite things from the menu. Oh and the tres leches cake was tasty!
5	Awesome!!!! Not your typical Mexican restaurant. Their brunch is out of this world. Gourmet steak and eggs gourmet oysters Rockefeller gourmet green fried tomatillos. Gourmet bananas Foster crapes! At eat myself sick.
4	Had an amazing lunch today! My friend for the chile relleno and that looked fantastic! I had the short rib enchiladas and oh my goodness...heaven on a plate! So juicy and delicious and I would definitely come back for more. The service was good as well, our waitress was very knowledgable and attentive. All in all...good place!
2	We came here on recommendation from a friend who finds it hard to find decent Mexican food in Vegas. The good? They have pretty good service, decent guacamole, and my friend's scallops were great, just doused in sauce. Oh, and she ordered a blood orange margarita that was delicious!The rest of our meal? Salsas are quite bland, the steak nachos were covered in some orange sauce that made my stomach do somersaults almost immediately...Strangely enough, the carne asada on our nachos was better then the carne asada plate we ordered. Also, I specifically asked what veggies came with the meal because they said we could substitute. The waitress told me squash and zucchini. Perfect! My friend and I both ordered the veggies. When our meals were served, she got the veggies and the ones on my plate were tomatoes and cucumber--more like a tiny Greek salad. I was highly annoyed. For dessert, I just ordered my toddler berries with whipped cream. The berries came in a bowl of a side dish--maybe a dozen total. The whipped cream was a side of creme fraiche. For a toddler. Really? She's two. "Me no like it" is what kept coming out of her mouth. Lastly, the pricing. I paid $138 for two appetizers, two main courses, a tiny bowl of fruit, one alcoholic drink and two sodas--and only ate about 65% of the meal. Huge disappointment. What I'm more confused about is the pricing of the items. I understand it's Vegas and you pay for location. Seriously. I get it. But since when do scallops and shrimp have the same price as a quesadilla or enchiladas?? I'll admit, the quesadilla looked appetizing, but my soul wouldn't let me order it. Quesadillas are what we eat when we need to throw something together quick!I would not eat here again. I would rather spend more money and indulge my taste buds. I think most of us don't enjoy their meal when it's overpriced and below satisfactory. My bf barely finished the meal and in the words of our daughter said, "me no like it."
4	Gaucho steak was cooked perfectly. Seared greens awesome. Guacamole out of this world.
4	Poblano. Chicken. Enchiladas. Incredible! Sauce was amazing. Roasted chiles mixed with heavy cream. Get me a straw!Guacamole was very good.Our server seemed to have a bit of amnesia going on. Water stayed empty after the initial fill, salsa as well.This place is one the high side of average price, but it is convenient to the convention center and seating/serving was fairly quick.
3	They try for high end Mexican but really miss the mark. Palomas and guac are good, chips are greasy. Ordered citrus chicken quesadilla that was to come with carmelized onions but got none. Tasteless, blah do not recommend. Boyfriend got the yuca tan pork that had very strong cinnamon flavoring--nothing subtle about it. Service was ok but you feel like you're just getting pushed through. Wouldn't return...except for a quick drink.
4	Would give it five stars, but the food was a little too "fancy" for my tastes... (I am sure that if I ordered something a bit more straightforward, it'd have been five stars, though, as all the components of the little creations were yummy, even through I preferred to deconstruct them.)Still, though, the little Sunday brunch dealio with all the little plates was a neat experience... and the service was EXCELLENT! Many thanks to Jay and all the other staff who kept busy taking away plates and delivering us more. Great job, guys!
4	(Dined for lunch on 7/4/14)Understandably popular and busy Tex Mex located down the events center corridor in Mandalay Bay. It's been here since day one of the resort, which says they're doing something right. It's a nice colorful interior and it feels airy despite the fact that there are a lot of tables. Things are placed just far enough apart that you feel part of a group without your neighbor being in your lap.We went the taco route for lunch and they were quite tasty, with the spicy shrimp being the standout. On the three-taco plate, you can mix and match types. The plates come with black beans as well as white and green rice. The chip basket that comes to the table has three salsas, all tasty. When our waiter noticed that we liked the spiciest best, he brought us a dish of another, even hotter salsa to try, which made for a nice personalized touch. In fact, he gave the impression that he genuinely cared about our dining experience. He took care to lead us through the extensive margarita list and gave us some good advice and was correct in his recommendations--the margaritas are delicious! His extra time paid off for him too, since we each tried two margaritas based on his descriptions. The ultimate tariff is kind of high for this type of food, but the quality is on the high end and, of course, it's in a resort.
3	Since you can't eat pizza for every meal in Vegas (your friends get annoyed).....we had dinner at Border Grill.   I had read lots of good reviews; so, wanted to check it out.   We had some taquitos, guacamole, chips and the "sampler" ceviche.  I had a mojito.   Atmosphere- "upscale" Mexican Drinks-  very goodFood-  very goodService- goodAtmosphere- goodPrices- it's Vegas......so like most strip restaurants.....high3.5 stars for PN
5	This place is off the beaten path and worth finding.   It's hidden on the way to the convention center.  Probably the only restaurant that has both indoor and outdoor seating.If you're doing the quick lunch at convention time, this place is a go to. Their tuna crudo is an omg.  Bruce the manager has game on.  Good selection of beer.  Margarita menu is exceptional.
2	We visited Border Grill this past week while in Las Vegas for a quick family getaway.  We were there for dinner on a Thursday night, we had reservations. We have two teenage kids and found it odd instead of seating us in the main dining room, (with several empty tables) we were escorted down a flight of stairs to a large room.  There was a large party, as well as another family with one child.  Perhaps this is reserved for families?  Not sure.  We were seated in a corner, so not the best seating.  The hostess handed our teenage kids crayons and paper.  Kids were amused, but found it odd.  As far as the food, my husband enjoyed his skirt steak.  It was over-priced, but expected.  I ordered a caesar salad and the plantain empanadas.  The salad was stale, and mostly croutons.  Also stale.  The empanadas were good, but not great.  I think my son had the best meal.  He raved about the fresh tortillas with his burrito.  Service was also subpar.  Never saw the server.  Tried to find her at one point so we could get a refill on our tea.  We had a great experience (food & service) a few years back at Border Grill, this is why we returned.  After this experience, I do not think we will return.
2	Fresh chips and Salsa
4	Excellent service and flavor!  We had the half chicken and sauteed shrimp and scallops.
5	Didn't think there would be good mexican food in Las Vegas but this place proved me wrong.  The drinks were strong which made them worth the price.  The mojitos were excellent! Other reviews said get the Tuna Ceviche but the wifey didn't give it her Mexican stamp of approval.  She said it was too creamy even though I thought it was pretty good.  I had the pork dinner (I can't remember the name) and it was super tender and very flavorful.  My only complaint was that the rice was hard.  It wasn't too busy when we went and they have indoor and outdoor seating as well as a bar area.  The service is good.  The price is actually not as high as other restaurants in Vegas but still higher than outside Vegas.  Stop by here if you are craving Mexican and are on the southern edge of the Strip.
3	Good food, some vegetarian options. Most items made from scratch including their drink mixes. Friendly and attentive staff. The Patron Platinum Margarita for $29 is a rip off.
4	BOTTOMLESS BRUNCH WITH BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS!My boyfriend and I woke up so hungry in Vegas... and didn't want to travel far.  We were staying at the Mandalay Bay and wanted something with a little variety.  I love the idea of a tapas brunch menu.  You can order to your hearts content with one flat fee per person... and add $10 a person for bottomless mimosas.  They have so many different flavors, it made my head spin!  I tried one of each flavor... so my head was spinning afterwards for a different reason.  Service was spot on - they left you alone at the right times and checked back often to see if we wanted to order anything else or needed a refill on our drinks.  This was a nice break away from the traditional buffet style that's so popular in Vegas.  I will be back!
5	Amazing brunch! There were three of us sharing the brunch plates and two of us drinking mimosas. Favorite mimosa was the pomegranate and (some) of our favorite plates were the steak and eggs, salmon sliders, french toast and breakfast fries. But really, everything was great and you should definitely let your waiter suggest some for you.. Thats what we did!
4	Mary Sue and Susan always punch the envelop on Mexican flare, taste sustainable ingredients and presentation.  We come here anytime we are at the Mandalay Bay..variety of ceviche - Baja, Peruvian and ahi combo gives you a variety of spices and taste - yum, duck enchiladas, hubby had the carne asada quesadilla..great service, good decor, yummy chips with 3 yummy salsas...will always come back.
5	Brunch = amazeballs
4	This review is of the Saturday/Sunday BrunchA group of us had a tradition of having Sunday Brunch at Gardunos at the Palms.  When Palms changed hands... so went Gardunos.Border Grill became a substitute.  We ate for free, or steep discounted, the first couple of times.  I didn't have an offer this last trip, but I gladly paid full price.  And for us, it's worth it.The brunch is all you can eat, but it's not served buffet style.  You order small plates.  We spend more than 2 hours doing this.  We put out the extra money for the endless mimosas and plan to take it very easy for Sunday afternoon.They rotate the menu a little all the time.  Some times we lose favorites (the Passion fruit mimosa or the fritata), but we also get new things to try.The first time we went (several years ago) there were some service issues (weren't prepared for how many people were dining).  Problems have been resolved.  Service has been excellent since that first trip.  They get the next dishes to us quickly and keep the mimosas coming.I won't recommend any dishes, because you can discover it all for yourself.  Just save plenty of room, and have a place to relax in the afternoon.I can understand not everyone will enjoy it as much as we have, but I love all the different small plates with the variety of flavors.
4	Really delicious. Really. They were doing a special for $40 where you could order unlimited (!) small sample plates of anything on the menu. Stand-outs for us were Wagyu beef slider, enchiladas, and scallops! Always on the hunt for impressive scallops and these were superb.
5	Fantastic dishes and service. The chicken quesadilla may have been the best I've ever had. If and when I come back to Vegas, I will be back.
5	Really amazing staff! And not sore on the eyes either. Food is standard Mexican at a decent price for Vegas standards, but come to think of it you don't really find Mexican grub on the strip so I guess it's a gem!That was a run on sorry. Also very accommodating to big groups and children :)
3	too hot tamales celebrity chefs who travel regularly to Mexico but another meh meal at the grill the other night...carne asada enchiladas and fish tacos Ensenada meh certainly not worth 19 & 23 dollars respectively...not again even for convenience as there are plenty other options in town...should have tried the Baja ceviche as read that was good?
5	Thank you...once again, Border Grill for another amazing brunch.  This time around, my best buddy was with me, and we stuffed our faces with dishes, mimosas and margaritas recommended by our outstanding server Jessica.  She is the very definition of cute; she has a great sense of humor; and she treated our low roller asses like we were whales. And once again, Chef Chris was on his A-game in the kitchen.  I'll never forget that phenomenal Oyster Rockefeller.  You know I'll be back!
3	3.5 STARSCame with a group of first timers on a Friday night for dinner. No wait and we were able to grab a table in the patio, which looks over the Mandalay pools. The ceiling fans kept it cooler and bearable. But if you hate the heat like I do, I'd stick to a table inside during the summer. Reading through the menu, we were all overwhelmed and excited because it all sounded so good! Finally we ordered the following:- Grilled skirt steak- Short rib taquitos - Tecate carnitas - Chocolate cake - SangriaUnfortunately we were all a little disappointed at the end of dinner. Don't get me wrong everything was good but nothing special. I've definitely had better Mexican food.Service was however amazing! Our waiter was very nice and hilarious! For the most part the food came out in a timely manner. The only thing that took awhile was the dessert. We weren't sure if they forgot about it. This place is great for families too. They provide crayons and paper for children.
4	I have to say... this place is good.  I would definitely come back here... if we were staying at Mandalay but not if we were staying anywhere else.  I am a fan but it is not so good that I would go out of my way to come over here.With that said - the guacamole is to dieeeee.... so yummy.  Perfect for when you're starving and you still can't decide what to order and you've been at the pool/beach all day and cannot stomach another margarita.  Order it as soon as you sit down, as they are handing you the menu.  You will not regret it.My boyfriend and I got the unlimited $45 thing they were doin' - here is my breakdown.Tacos - just okay but I live in L.A. and we got some good tacos over thereCeveche - good, kept getting a few of eachWhatever that salad was with the bacon wrapped date - salad was good but the date was amazeballs!  Please give more than one!Scallop and shrimp soup - I thought it was good but my bf really complained about it.  Said the scallop was overcooked.If you're staying at Mandalay and are flipping through your guest room book, trying to figure out what to eat and not manage to spend $100/person and maybe eat something a little better for you than another damn cheeseburger.  Head over to Border Grill!
4	Had lots of food. My cioppino was too salty. Other than that, it was fantastic. The highlight was the horchata panna cotta.
5	Mike was an amazing service.  He suggested the brunch and it was off the hook.   I love this place and will be back
3	Good food. Very different but really overpriced. It's not the Mexican food that you would normally relate to. If you want chips salsa and guac. Stick with the authentic Mexican restaurant. This is very Americanized Mexican food. I won't repeat this again.
2	Way overpriced food which isn't an authentic Mexican restaurant. Mexican food is one of my favorite cuisines but this restaurant didn't deliver. Food is ok but won't recommend it.
2	Horrible....what happened??? Food is about the same as del taco. Beans were bland, taco were slightly warm, guacamole need a balance of acid and salt. Ceviches, uh no, just say poached fish with lemon juice. They said the chef is from Mesa grill, well now I know what Gordon Ramsey was talking about. As for the service and the restaurants standards? Water glasses were all spotty, silverware was spotty as well. Edges of the resturant was very dusty, debris on the floor, dirty tables, and as i was sat down the busser nor servera ever wiped the seat from the prior table. I seen my busser more than I did my server who may I add was either talking to Co workers at the bar or elevator. I guess the idea is to come to work and watch sports and chill out, thinking we will some tip. Better service at a local pub. What is the direction of this place to discourage people from coming in hope to send them to the new location? I have been here a few times from past to present and I understand every restaurant has its quirks, even the one I work at.  But brunch has always been great, an affordable dinner before a show or event was alway good for a mexican restaurant.  We have been back for both and since the change of a chef and what looks like to be managers this place is not worthy of a honorable mention from Al in his reviews. I know he has a soft spot for the owners, but I think he really needs to revisit.  Or maybe it just too much tequila shots while he is here. Lol.
3	During my time in Las Vegas I ate at some really incredible Restaurants (check my other reviews), Border Grill was not one of them.I went with a party of 6 for a Saturday morning brunch. We had a really nice view of the pool, with semi-outdoor seating. The atmosphere was nice, but that was mostly accredited to the weather..not so much Border Grill itself.The service was good, but nothing special.Now I can save you some time by telling you my entire group tried everything on the brunch menu, and I can save you time and money by telling you everything was average at best. The pancakes were dry and flavorless, the Yucatan Egg Benedict was boring and heavy, the Huevos Rancheros was okay but nothing special, the biscuit and sausages gravy was...again flavorless. If you're staying at the Mandalay Bay, you might as well go here because it's close. If you're staying anywhere else, it's not worth the trip.
2	I've been here many times for its convenience to the Mandalay Bay Convention Center and the gluten free friendly menu. The flavors are wonderful! Today, however, was my last visit. The chef refused to make a dish without a pepper cream garnish. The waiter relayed the chef's response that the enchiladas "must be covered." We asked to substitute his pepper cream with his in-house queso. Our waiter was very apologetic (and embarrassed) when he told us that his chef would not comply. The two people at the table with allergies had to eat elsewhere afterward. We have not had this problem with previous chefs at this location, who altered their set dishes to accommodate our food allergies.
4	Ordered the Gaucho Steak.  Loved how it was seated on a bed of fresh tortillas with peppers and cheese.  Steak had balanced flavor and tender.  Service good but on the slow side.  Would recommend.
2	Someone stole our reservation (they heard the receptionist say my name and took it even though I checked in and let them know id be at the bar) and after waiting 20 minutes we still didn't have our table (we found out right away but they weren't making them move)! They said they want to make everyone happy yet these people stole my name and my reservation and we are the people waiting ... I could not believe this happened- they had two managers working on this and then they called the GM over- the GM finally made them move (I guess they made another table for them?!?) after about 30 minutes- one of the managers finally came over and said sorry. My thought was why didn't you make them move 30 minutes ago since we knew what was going before they were all even seated- he said they couldn't physically remove them- yes that's true but they could have denied service but they didn't... They still got their drinks and chips while we were standing there waiting. I just felt like this could have been handled better- I kept having to walk over to see what was going on... They weren't coming to me or at least bringing us chips while we waited. Once we got seated we had great food, a round of free drinks, and a great server but having to wait 30 minutes while those name thieves munched on chips and the managers not handling it quickly made me pretty HANGRY!
3	Came here while hanging at the pool for a change from the greasy pool food they serve. It was pretty good, not too pricey, and chips and salsa were pretty decent.
5	Even with the $50 dining credit offered, I would have paid full price for this meal. It was so flavorful and something quite like nothing I have ever had ! I thought for sure the enchiladas wouldn't fill me up w/out rice or beans but I was wrong. 1 enchilada in and I was ready to burst. It may have been the hot chips and awesome salsa but either way those enchiladas were amazing ! Handmade thick corn tortillas stuffed with shredded, smoked chicken breast then covered in green salsa and cheese and this to DIE FOR corn, mushroom, raja mix. I will definitley be back and definitley try another dish. Job well done Susan!
5	No salt and pepper at the table...And there was never a need for it anyway. Perfection. And a somewhat hidden gem of Las Vegas. A Las Vegas local and this gem is my favorite.
5	Holy crap the queso is amazing!!  I had the carne asada tacos and were delish as well.  Great magarita selection all of which taste amazing as well makes this a great place to eat lunch while hanging around the pool
5	Absolutely the best Mexican food I've ever had! The queso Is AMAZING - worthy of a meal in itself. We had batter-dipped fish tacos, carne asade tacos, and chicken penuches, and they were all phenomenal. Flavors are well-balanced, nothing over-seasoned, and very creative recipes. VERY GOOD FOOD!Lovely decor, excellent wait staff (especially Jessica) and good drinks. Definitely a great choice for lunch, if you're anywhere near Mandalay Bay.
4	I don't usually go out of my way for.Mexican food.  But this place.may be an exception.  We had 2 dishes that each had a slightly different mole sauce.  Great unique flavors.  The guacamole was excellent as well.  Solid restaurant.
4	This place is crazy... they offer an AYCE small plates brunch... and I'm obviously also crazy because I did it. I think it's around $35.Come with a big group for the obvious reason that you can share everything. You can literally order anything off the menu. Our server was very personable (told us his crazy Vegas stories) and helpful (he gave us small family style portions so we could try everything). My favorites were the corn tamale, breakfast fries, and steak and eggs. I didn't love the sweet dishes too much (might be just me though). I will admit that after a while everything started tasting similar. I think the running theme of the meal was eggs in every form possible.A fun Mexican-themed alternative to your average brunch!
5	Our personable server, Jeff, not only welcomed us after a crazy afternoon at Daylight (needless to say, we were fairly intoxicated), but he also made us feel at home.  Very knowledgeable and flexible with menu options. Thanks to the Chef too!You will never have been chips than Border Grill's chips!
5	The brunch is amazing! Amber was the best waitress! She had great recommendations she took care of us well. I will be back and I will recommend this to anyone and everyone.
4	I was surprised at how much I enjoyed Border Grill because I wasn't a fan after trying their restaurant in Los Angeles.I thought the outside patio would be a nice comfortable setting for a casual business meeting. While I was waiting for the others to arrive I ordered a lemonade and was brought tortilla chips with three different salsas. The tortilla chips were crisp and tasted like they had just been fried even though there was no visible sign of grease. I also enjoyed the freshly squeezed strawberry lemonade which had a balanced flavor. I ordered the house  guacamole, tortilla soup, and a chicken Caesar salad. Both the house guacamole and the chicken Caesar salad were executed well. The guacamole was seasoned well and the avocado had a lot of natural flavor. The chicken in the salad was grilled to perfection and the Caesar dressing was just right on the anchovy. I wasn't as thrilled with the tortilla soup. The tomato broth was a little thick, it had big chunks of unmelted cheese, and it didn't come out hot. Our waitress, helped us out with a discount for locals and told us about the Sunday Brunch where you get unlimited plates. I like the concept of all you can eat plates because the quality of the food is normally better, you don't have to hassle with other people, and it's more sanitary. I will be back eventually to try brunch.
3	Border Grill isn't anything mind-blowing & I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there but it's a solid option if grabbing a bite while at Mandalay Bay. In my case, I like to make reservations there before events. The service is lukewarm but not bad. The chips, salsas & guacamole are yummy... as are the chicken enchiladas & quesadillas. But both flavors of rice & the black beans are quite bland. The restaurant itself is kinda cool, with several different dining areas with different personalities.
5	How could I forget to write a review about this place!?Me and my teammate stopped in for "tapas style brunch" after a tournament.  For a few extra bucks, brunch came with bottomless mimosas.  Now, I ate here earlier this summer, so I don't remember EXACTLY what we had, but all I can remember was how awesome everything tasted and next time I'm at Mandalay Bay on a weekend, we WILL return for brunch.Food: 5 stars man, it really was delicious.  Keep in mind, this review is for brunch, so I don't know what the rest of their menu is like.  Brunch was tapas style, so servings were small, which allowed us to try so many different dishes.  And each dish had like a lil twist.  There were shrimp and grits, steak and eggs, eggs benedict.  I know, sounds like standard brunch fair right? But it was so good y'all, trust me.There were like 10 flavors of bottomless mimosa, and I think I got to like 6 before I was like ok it's too early for me to get drunk off champagne.  But all were good except the cucumber one, that one was weird.  Rest were quite tasty.Service: two thumbs up.  Dangit I can't remember our servers name, but she was knowledgeable of the menu, friendly, attentive, she gave good suggestions, and was all around great lady.  We left her a bomb ass tip.Atmosphere: We ate on the outdoor patio, overlooking the hotel pool.  The sun was shining in, the air was fresh.  Loved it.  Maybe it was Vegas, maybe it was the drinks, but either way I was quite wooed by the whole experience.
2	Let me begin by saying that I'm a big Border Grill fan. I go to the Santa Monica location all the time and it's pretty good.  The prices at the Las Vegas location are really high, but understand because of being inside the hotel. That said, the food was awful. I ordered the Ensenada fish tacos and they were tasteless. Tortillas were cold. The rice was cold. And it took over 30 min to get served. My opinion, not worth the price.
3	Mediocre in a number of ways:While the place was NOT full by any means I felt rushed from beginning to endThe prices are high (of course - it's Vegas) and the portions are smallAsked how large the large margarita was - waiter indicates bucket size so ordered a standard Patron which was small and little if any booze in it - $14Was dining alone (my wife in the room with broken bones and a nurse) so indicated I would want a to go meal at the end, didn't actually specify what it would be, let alone order it until I ordered my flan - specified TWICE that I wanted the warm to go order 10 minutes after I got my flan. You guessed it!! Rush, rush get the bastard out the door as quick as possible and on to the next - my to go order comes with no sign of the flan. Thanks guys - you pretty much suck when it comes to serviceThe chile relleno ($19) was so so, the side of guacamole ($9.50) pretty tasteless, Carne asada quesadilla ($19 I believe) passable.
5	We had lunch here and the food and outdoor seating was very nice.  Chile relleno and quinao fritters were very good.  Green corn tamales tasted good but were too wet and just fell apart into mush.  Prices were reasonable for vegas.  Food was better than the other upscale mexican restaurant we ate at (Hecho en Vegas).
3	Came here for a brunch/lunch on our last day in Vegas. With six girls and all varying tastes and preferences, this was a great choice! Mexican food is always a hit, and I particularly enjoy it, so I was really pleased when the birthday girl suggested it! She'd been here on a previous trip to Vegas and recommended it.We came here at 11:00 because that was when they started serving lunch. They also offer an all-inclusive brunch of small plates, but we were not up for another buffet before the long flight home. We did order a couple of appetizers (guacamole and queso). The guac was really good, and the chips were a huge standout. Freshly fried, they were super fresh and difficult to stop eating. They came with three types of salsa, all of which were good. (None were particularly spicy, but they were all flavorful). The queso was a bit on the runny side for my taste, which also made it difficult to share.I ordered nachos for my lunch- if you know me, you'd expect this. The nachos suffered from structural issues in their construction. The beans were spread all over the bottom of the plate, with chips on top of them. Toppings were layered on top and baked, so the chips never stood a chance. They were super soggy by the time they made it to the table. The flavor was good, but I mostly picked the chips from the top and left the sodden bottom layer. I added steak to the nachos, and this was a very good choice- the meat was hot, cooked medium, and made a great addition to the dish.Other girls got tacos, and that's definitely what I would order the next time. Enjoy the crispy chips as an appetizer, but I don't recommend the nachos unless you make a special request to re-structure. Our waitress was nice but pretty absent, and I don't think that type of special request would have been well-received, although I think they would have done it.We sat on the patio, and it was really nice out there! It's covered and there are fans, so even when it's warm outside, this is a good option to get some fresh air.
4	Lots of food. Lots of variety. Nice poolside atmosphere with great service. Really, what more can you ask for! Check it out if you're looking for boozy brunch too, they have a ton of champagne based drinks.
5	OK...I admit I was skeptical of trying this place.  Celebrity Chef Mexican themed restaurant.   I mean....how good can food be if the concept is Mexican?  I've had the best and the worst Mexican around from trips to Mexico and living in Phoenix for 6 years and they all taste fine (it is hard to mess up).  First of all let me say, this is not traditional Mexican.  This is upscale Tex-Mex with a side of Spain.  They have the usual things you'd expect like Chips & Salsa, Guacamole, Enchiladas, Taquitos and fried ice cream.  They also have things like Ahi Tuna Ceviche, Peruvian Ceviche and Brisket burritos.I tried a bit off everyone's plate and I must say....everything was delicious.  Worth every penny.  The service was also top notch!I'd shy away from the drinks here....overly sweet and far too expensive (even for Vegas)
3	12 girls for dinner they were more then accommodating to all of us, checks were split from the beginning which was so nice.  The food was pretty good,  restaurant was not busy at all I don't think we had 1 complaint about the food.  The walk from the front was a little far for girls in dresses and 4 inch heels.  If your staying at this hotel I would recommend trying it out.
5	Amazing Mexican restaurant! Amazing food, amazing service, amazing drink just WOW! So glad i discovered this gem. There dips are great, i had the enchilladas and there mojitos are great to beat the Vegas heat.Will definately go back next time i am in Vegas.
5	Went here for a birthday brunch, and was Amazed at the experience!!  The brunch is an all you can eat small plates.  You can also add endless mimosas (I highly recommend)  they offer those in several flavors.  Now, for the food.  The best I've had.  There were six of us and they brought ours family style.  We must have ordered 8 to 10 different dishes and not one disappointed!!  The service was outstanding!!  Never once did we have an empty glass or plate.  Will definitely come back and recommend to everyone!!!
5	My bf loves mexican food and we came here before the One show.It was a Saturday night around 7 and we got a table right away.  Once we were seated, the water came to our table as did the chips.  Idk what it is about their tortilla chips, but they are delicious!We ordered the spicy black bean dip..they were good but def not spicy at all!For entrees, we got the carne asada quesadillas and the wagyu beef tacos.  Both dishes were scrumptious.Prices were pretty high for mexican food, especially coming from SD =PBut it was worth it!Pretty dark in the main dining area, but the light shining off the wall was bright..which made me squint.  But really, the meal made it 5 stars. I don't care for the ambiance.  Service was also good and tentative, in the perfect amount.
4	We had such a good time here for Saturday brunch that I had to give the wait staff credit.  We were a very rowdy group 5 girls visiting for a bachelorette party.  We showed up around 1pm and I know that a couple of us were already a little buzzed.  I feel horrible that I can't remember our waitresses name but she was awesome.  She just started sending out plates of the best things on the brunch menu, and all of the food was so good.  They probably sent out 7 or 8 course of food and I liked everything that came out.  I also had a few blood orange-cayenne margaritas and had some shots of their house vanilla-pineapple tequila.  All of it was great.Also, our group was doing the standard bachelorette party scavenger hunt and that staff was being such good sports about our antics.  The waitress found us another server to serenade our bride in the restaurant, our waitress arm wrestled someone in our group, and we even (jokingly) led a prayer in the bar before taking shots and the bartender prayed with us!  lol... we had such a good time!
3	Food was good though nothing was remarkable about the experience. Ordered the special oxtail quesadilla which had Huitlacoche - the flavor wasn't really remarkable or memorable. It tasted all right and I'm glad the restaurant strives for sustainable practices. Plenty of other places on the strip to try - probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
1	Horrible food- Great ServiceThe waitress was so nice I almost did not write this review. I had the most bland tasteless pork their "signature dish" which was over cooked, reheated, not fresh, and bland. The empanadas were the WORST I have ever had, soft and chewy, instead of crispy and flaky. The drinks were equally bad, over-priced cocktails that tasted like everything was made fresh from a mixer bottle. Nothing about this place was good, except for the friendly waitress and the good guacamole
5	The weekend brunch is to die for! All you can eat tapas style dining. They have recently changed this to make some of their plates a little more family style. Items are all still delicious! Peruvian Shrimp & grits is my favorite!
5	Tried the brunch menu and it is good beyond comprehension! Food is an explosion of flavors! Love love love it! The servers are attentive and professional. Met the restaurant manager Melody, very attentive to the customers and menu knowledgeable! If your in Vegas a must visit for sure!
2	This is the second time I've been here and this time I was a bit disappointed. The scallops and shrimp I ordered was lackluster. The scallops were fresh and perfectly seared. However the shrimp was small and overcooked. The seafood was wading in a pool of some kind of bland butter wine sauce. I thought I ordered an entree but I was served something more along the line of soup. The greens of some sort that were also in the dish were too bitter for my taste. There was some rice I dig out of the bottom of the dish, but nearly enough.The service was extremely slow after the meal. The server, while attentive in the beginning, was no where to be found after we said we didn't want the dessert menu. Mind you she only had one other table in our section and out still took more than 20 minutes to get the check signed and get out of there after declining the dessert menu.
2	I really wish that review scores were divided based on meal times. THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE UNLIMITED TAPAS BRUNCH:This started out really good. First we had the quesadillas, they were everything that I wanted them to be, cheesy with a little spice to it. Then we got the biscuits and gravy, so good. (Did I mention Im from Texas). Then it started to go downhill from there. There was a huevos ranchero dish that was kind of bland and boring. Then we had these salmon sliders. I wanted to like these so badly but the prominent taste was goat cheese and it was too overpowering that I had a bite and I was done with it. The next dish was a PBJ with a jalapeno in it. The waiter raved that it was the best thing ever, he lied. It made me feel regret if anything. The other items we had seemed like the same thing just with different sauce: biscuit eggs sauce. So boring I cant even remember them. Then there was the churros. I will shit you not, these were literally donut holes with hersheys syrup and a nasty orange thing with it. The bacon bloody mary was OK and for an extra $10 unlimited mimosas but it didn't make up for the food.Susan Feniger is one of my favorite chiefs and was so underwhelmed by this restaurant. It made me feel as if I broke up with someone. Im going to go buy a tub of ice cream and eat my feelings.
3	We have eaten I at the Border Grill over a dozen times.  It is our first stop when we get to Vegas. Until this last trip, it was five stars all the way.  I ordered the steak quesadilla and the waiter asked me why I would go all the way to Vegas to order something I could get at Taco Bell.  Guess I overpaid...their quesadilla was $17....pretty sure Taco Bell does not have anything that pricy on the menu.  That being said, I have ordered it before, and was not happy with the quality this time.  My husband ordered shredded pork tacos. He didn't feel he got value for his dollar either. He said it was like they "blobbed" refried beans on top of three mini corn tortillas and topped that with over cooked pork shoulder with not much flavor.   I'm hoping there is a new chef or some other kind of transitional phase going on there right now. That being said, I will probably wait 6 months (2-3 trips to Vegas) before trying again.
4	What a great find at Mandalay.We went to Border Grill for lunch on a whim.  It is located near the convention center so a bit of a walk from the casino.Border Grill overlooks the grand Mandalay pool, specifically the river part.  However, it is not too noisy and you can still have a good meal conversation.The food choices are all Mexican.  We ordered the bean dip (delicious) and had a few plates of chips.  Yum!  As for drinks, the margaritas were solid and they have a good selection of Mexican beers (my fave being Modelo Especial).Service was very good.I would definitely come back if in Vegas.
3	We did the Brunch Unlimited Tapas. Everything was good but only the Oysters Rockefeller was very good and memorable. As a matter of fact, everything including the Oysters was way to sweet. Service was good but I was expecting better food. I think eight or nine of us dined and everyone that was drinking Mimosas complained about how sweet they all were. I think they had something like four different kinds.
4	Review for unlimited brunch:I don't like eggs and would take a bloody mary over a mimosa so I'm not usually a big brunch guy but I've gotta say I enjoyed this one. As others have said, it's all you can eat and you keep ordering 2-3 items at a time rather than continually trekking to the buffet. The downside is you wait to stuff your piehole, the plus is your food is always fresh. I liked everything I tried but the shrimp n' grits (with a spicy tomato sauce and lots of shrimp), churro tots, and the fried chicken with blue corn waffle stood out. I'm also not usually a mimosa guy but the $10 for unlimited is worth it here since they have lots of different types including peach, strawberry, coconut, pineapple (order this one half coconut and half pineapple). Service was very friendly but even the waiter commented at one point that the food was slow. We sat outside on the patio on a warm and sunny day so it was a good brunch. I'd come back here for all you can eat brunch. Oh and a wedding reception was taking place inside right behind us so that was a little weird that we could see the whole thing.
5	At the risk of being redundant (and that wouldn't be a first for me), Border Brunch is a Las Vegas must-do.  I really, really enjoyed the outstanding service -- and mimosa selections -- from  cute-as-a-button Diane.  It was also a pleasure to meet manager Melody, who treated me like a king and gave me the inside scoop on all the great stuff going on within the growing Border Grill empire.  And I would be remiss not to mention new Chef Jamaal, who was firing on all cylinders -- especially on his barbecue brisket sandwich.  Said it before and will say it again -- Can't wait to go back!
4	Where have you been hiding, Border Grill?  How have I lived in LV and missed this place for the last 7 years? In the span of two weeks, I found myself here for dinner and then Sunday brunch.  I feel like I should be embarrassed about this, but I have no shame.  If you force me to choose, I would say brunch is the star, but dinner was pretty fantastic too.  The chips and salsa in this town can be very hit or miss.  Border Grill's delivers.  I had chile relleno for dinner and loved it.When I returned for brunch, I was corralled by a friend who swears their brunch is the best in town.  I am a die hard DW Bistro fan so I was prepared to set her straight.  Then I tried the chilaquiles.  And the skirt steak and eggs.  And the breakfast fries.For $34.99, you get unlimited small plates.  The quality of the food is unexpectedly good for this price point.  Everything is fresh and the small plates allow you to try several things instead of limiting you to one large dish.  The only negative is that a few of the hot dishes did not come out piping hot, but this is likely due to the rush of people in the place.  You really cannot compare DW and Border Grill because the food, ambience and intentions are totally different.  This is a great spot for endless food options, bottomless mimosas and Mexican inspired brunch.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Chilaquiles... OMG the chilaquiles!In case you don't know, chilaquiles is a Mexican dish of fried softened tortilla chips covered with salsa or mole and cheese and broiled. They are one of my favorite foods and I've ordered them at countless places. Border Grill gets them right. Very right!If you don't care for chilaquiles, this review isn't for you.
5	No bad at all the steak casadia was very good, the grilled fish tacos were not that good, will not order again. Guacamole was awesome
2	The service was weak (it took a long time to be served even though that place was three quarters empty and our server was not very responsive to our needs), the food was not that great , even the guacamole tasted like store bought . Good tortilla chips but the salsa was weak. The tacos were fair, some of the food tasted under done. The atmosphere was fair to poor. I would not recommend this place.
5	Awesome small plates - tuna and Baja ceviche, queso fundido, wagyu beef and watercress salad. Dinner is even better with Gaucho steak ribeye. We sat at the bar and Tanya was absolutely fantastic server/bartender. I would very much recommend Border Grill!
5	Had a great dinner out on the patio last night. The three salsas were wonderful, so much so I plan on making them at home.  The ceviche sampler was delicious as was the chicken mole.  Wine by the glass generously poured and service very professional.
5	I had the skirt steak and it was amazing!Our friends had the taquitos which were spicy but very good and my other friend had a pescado dish with an amazing broth! The guacamole was also excellent like everybody said. Am very impressed and will come back again next time I am here. Our server Tam was great too!
5	Amazing!! Worth the time trying to find this place in Mandalay Bay. We didn't have reservations so we say at the bar but the ambience was just as amazing. We went on a Sunday to try their famous brunch and it is one worth the hype. Make sure you go with a totally empty stomach so you can savor all of those dishes. The chicken and waffle, the biscuit and gravy and the seasonal fruit plate were or favorites, but everything else was nice too. They were also serving complementary steak tacos tapas switch was delish.
5	Every now and then, you stumble into a restaurant that has just the right mix of attentive staff, authentic food and reasonable prices. The Border Grill in the Mandalay Bay has all the components mentioned above. In fact, they have motivated me to write this glowing review.Our server, Autumn D was outstanding. She treated us like family and guided us through the menu like a professional. Autumn was on point with all of her recommendations. From the pomegranate limeade to the shrimp relleno tacos, we could not be happier with our dinner. The food is pricey by the taco shop standards in San Diego. That said, The Border Grill is a modern restaurant in a beautiful hotel in Las Vegas. The menu prices are entirely reasonable when you consider the facts. Not to mention the quality ingredients and expert preparation that cost a little more. The kitchen is not afraid to roast chiles here and stuff them with delicious shrimp. Those are some damn good tacos. Put them on the permanent menu if possible. This meal was well worth the trip, and I look forward to visiting again. Here is what we had to eat...Guacamole with chipsTacos de rajasPescado VeracruzanaShrimp stuffed poblano chile tacos Banana cream pie Mexican Chocolate cream pie
5	Definitely the culinary highlight of our weekend in Vegas.  You can get a three course menu that lets you get a great sampling of what they have to offer.  The foods were both familiar and unique--a sweet corn tamale, chilaquiles with duck confit, plantain empanadas--just enough of a twist to make it stand out without trying too hard.  Everything ran to the spicy side, which was more than fine with me, but be warned if you don't like a little heat.  I balanced it with a cranberry margarita.  For dessert, the pastel Rufalina was an excellent choice, but probably large and rich enough for two or three people.While the food was great, what really stood out was the customer service.  We received excellent service from start to finish--especially from our server, Jeff.  He knew the menu backward and forward, and made great suggestions without being pushy.  We also got terrific service from the bartender and the hostess.  After a ruined anniversary the night before at Craftsteak, this experience more than made up for it.  I'll be making this a must stop whenever I'm in Vegas.
5	Amazing all the way around! The staff and food were top notch! I would return here repeatedly.
1	Total bummer. Saw a picture in a magazine in the hotel and went. Menu was basic Mexican. Flavor was mediocre, prices were high for what we got. Service, well, that alone was enough to make us never come back, none of the staff seemed to want to be there. I really wanted to like this place but  just couldn't muster up even 2 stars.
3	They start you out with free chips and a variety of flavorful but not spicy salsas, which was refreshing. For my entree, I ordered the mushroom mulitas, which were very flavorful. These were mushrooms done well, which I think is tough to do. There was a ton of flavor, which pretty much masked the taste of the mushrooms. My girlfriend ordered shrimp relleno tacos, which she thought were awful. There were way too many sauces and competing ingredients, which did not blend well together. The tacos were so unpleasant she wasn't even able to finish half of her entree, and she is not a picky eater. At this price point, the food shouldn't be so terrible she is unable to eat it.
3	We received great service from the host, but once seated the service just dropped off.  Our server was just unavailable. It took forever to get basics like silverware or water, and the chips/salsa were probably a good 20 minutes after we sat down.  We waited so long just to get our cocktails that we started playing the game, "So...do we leave? Do you want to leave? Where would we eat dinner? I'm so okay leaving, I have no problem getting up and just going. Lets give it 3 more minutes? What time is it now..." But then our cocktails were served and we felt we had to stay.Mr R ordered a really good pork plate. I had the short rib enchiladas. They came alone, without any sides except for a few greens on top. It was all really good. I was very impressed with the kids menus - tons of options for $4-6 a plate. We ordered a $5 plate of the green corn tamale which came with rice and beans. The tamale reminded me more of a corn casserole - not my favorite (nor the favorite of my 18 month old, but he had spent an earlier part of the dinner sucking green salsa off his chips and eating crayons, so not sure his opinion should count).The patio was beautiful and heated in December, it was a decent place - just not someplace I'd go again.
5	Absolutely fabulous, upscale, delicious, best Mexican food in Vegas and we've been here 20 yrs!  Trendy but laid back - love it !!  They put a modern take on everything - mostly all organic - can't say enough positive  about it and their friendly staff!!
3	I couldn't try the guava empanadas, because I missed brunch. Weak. Food was ok but I expected better. We got the pork tamales. It was ok. We loved the chips and salsa. The plantain empanadas were the best thing they got.
5	As I suspected, our last trip here was an anomaly.  Had the absolutely divine sweet corn tamales, chili rellenos, shrimp rellenos tacos with sangria margarita and classic margarita. Just no words to describe how absolutely perfect everything was!  And the wait staff was amazing as well. Attentive without being obtrusive. A must eat in Vegas!
5	We went here for a later lunch before our show in Mandalay Bay.  Everyone from the hostesses, to our waitress, Tiffany, and the other wait staff (chips and salsa guys, etc.) were very nice and attentive.The free chips & salsas here are really good and addictive, it was hard to stop munching on them.  Until we got our meals, that is, which were also quite good.  For vegetarians, they have a tasty avocado taco dish that I really enjoyed- it was unique and fulfilling.Our server, Tiffany, was really excellent and made our meal that much better.  She was fast at refilling our chips&salsa and sodas.  At the end, when I mentioned we had to get going for a show, she said she'd bring us our last refills to go- how nice!
4	The food was good. I am not quite sure it is worth the 20 a plate but it was good. We had the carne Asada tacos and chicken enchiladas. The service was very slow was about 30 mins after we were done to when we had our check. With so much to do in Vegas you hate waiting at a restaurant for no reason. The chips and salsa were very good.
4	Great food and atmosphere. The menu is pretty big so there's something for everyone. They have some great specials that compliment the menu rather than detract. A little pricey but it is located in a casino so no surprise. The outside patio is also quite warm even at night, didn't feel uncomfortable at all in a light sweatshirt.
3	Found this place to be just average. As a Mexican food lover, the food was ok. Had the fish tacos that we're just blah. Great service though.
1	If you're Mexican you most likely will not like it it's very Americanized I'm used to eating authentic Mexican food may be it will help if they had a Mexican chef .
