5	Unique blend of Mexican food infused with Hawaiian flavors! All the meats are flavorful, my favorite is the Kalua pig bowl and guacamole! The salsas really compliment the meats well. The coconut bark is Delish too! This place is a must try!
5	I was wasting time the other day nursing a hangover and complaining that only a burrito would nourish me back to health. A few minutes later, I received a tweet from Braddah's saying it was their soft opening and all burritos were free! What the what?!I looked the address and they are less than a half mile of my house. I hopped into my ride and cruised on over.They are occupying the space that was a KFC forever, then the Mad Greek Cafe. Located just North of the Sahara and Rainbow intersection behind McDonalds. When I walked in, I was greeted by two ladies, who handed me a paper menu and informed me that EVERYTHING was free for the day. There is a variety of options: SALAD, BURRITO, BOWLS, or TACOS.MEATS: Veggies, Fish, Kalua Pork, ChickenSeaweed riceBlack beans or pinto beansThen all toppings are free:grilled veggies, fruit infused salsas, fresh jalapenos, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, guacamole, and a few others.I opted for a Kalua Pig Bowl. It was off the charts. Everything was loaded in my bowl and I mixed it all together. Perfectly seasoned. The meat was tender and juicy, the guacamole was fresh. Absolutely Aloha in a bowl. I loved it.I cannot wait to go back and spread the word on this locally owned and Ohana (family) based business. I will be back and will be for sure spreading the ALOHA!
3	The meats, by themselves, were flavorful.  They even let us sample all of them.  Basically, it's like a Hawaiian-flavored Chipotle -  choose burrito, bowl, or taco, then your fillings of choice.  The salsas sounded great. I don't know if they were having an off-night, but the salsas were very bland.  The meats are at the core of the flavor here but about half-way through my burrito, I had eaten all the meat and was left with beans, rice, and a bunch of guacamole.  Kalua pig quesadillas were great and tasted better than the trio of tacos and burrito.  We were given some coconut bark to taste, and they were awesome. It actually looked like soda crackers coated with caramel and chocolate topped with coconut.  Very good dessert.They are definitely generous with their guacamole, and the staff up front were helpful and gracious.  We did notice that when an order was put in for our grilled fish, one of the grill guys rolled their eyes, which made us feel a little apprehensive about quality issues.In the end, the food was okay (nothing to write home about, except for the bark), and some of the service issues can probably be attributed to the restaurant just opening but one of the grill guys needs to check his attitude at the door.I hope this restaurant does well, but I think it needs to calibrate taste and distribution of ingredients in the food.
5	Awesome place a Hawaiian version of chipotle but 10x better.  The meat actually had some flavor to it the salsas tasted like they weren't out of a bottle not spicy at all unfortunately but the have jalapenos.  We got a fish burrito and 2 pig burritos the fish is not the best but went well with the burrito.  The pig is tender still has flavor very well done.  They also have a pineapple green sauce that well Id eat on anything.  The meat is a little light so get the second portion.Going back soon got more things to try from this place and the kids portions are 3 and change and I am eating my boys leftovers right now.
5	So, anything that sounds Hawaiian is a must try, especially in Vegas.I had heard they were going to open, but didn't know when, so today when I drove by on my way to work, I noticed the sign and knew I had to try it. The drive through is not functioning yet, so I went inside. the first time might be good, the menu isn't big nor complicated but you gotta know your choices and seeing the whole board helps. First, pick put the type, burrito, bowl, salad or taco. Choose your meat, add the 'filler' like rice, beans, cabbage, etc....Next add the salas, finally add all the other condiments like guacamole and sour cream. Oh yah, you can top it off with a saald dressing too!I got a salad, huli huli chicken, (small bite size grilled slightly crispy outside chicken) with bed of romaine lettuce, add the spicy tomato with grilled Maui onion,  ( don't worry, it's not spicy at all, buy savory), I added sour cream, guacamole with hawaiian pink salt, and the roasted sesame gingerette (tasted the sesame but ginger not so much).It was really good,  enjoyed it and will difinitly be back to try more! Friendly staff, excellent service and good flavors!
5	Loved the Kalua Pig!! Really fairly priced and Chris is super passionate about his recipes! I've got nothing but love for this place!!  DON'T FORGET TO EAT THE COCONUT BARK! IT'S AMAZING!! I'll be visiting often!!
4	Wow I'm ecstatic this Hawaiian style Chipotle is near my gym....eeeeeeek hope my coach isn't reading this. :)Burritos, bowls, tacos, etc.  They are on the corner of Rainbow/Sahara next to McDonalds.  When we walked in they greeted us with Aloha, asked if we have been here and started to serve us up some samples to help us decide which meat we wanted.  So nice to taste before we order.  I like that their ingredients are not salty compared to Chipotle, very simply flavored, BBQ style, not drenched in oil.  I chose the Pulehu Steak Burrito pretty much the whole shabang.  Let me tell you, the buggah was mEEEEaaaaan.  After my hard work at the gym, then feeding my empty belly, you had one satisfied girl. PS Coconut Bark is on point, don't you dare walk out of this place not tasting it.  The delicious chocolate topped with coconut in between a layor of some kind of breading and bottomed off what tastes like salted caramal...Mmmm hmmmm, it was that good.
5	Awesome Hawaiian style food and great salads!!!! The salted caramel chocolate coconut bark is so good!! The burritos are great and it is so easy to order. Great place to stop on our road trip. We will defiantly go to this restaurant again when we drive through Las Vegas and the staff was so friendly! 5 stars!!
4	Was cruising the workplace's corporate perks and noticed that Braddah's was newly added to Restaurant.com's list. (The dining certificates are always a great way to try out a new place.) Loved it! As first time customers we were given a sample of the meats; which should have made our choice easier, it didn't. After dithering back and forth, my friend settled on the huli huli chicken burrito with the works and the spicy and medium salsas and myself on three soft tacos (two fish and one kalua pig). I had the rice, cabbage, guacamole, one of each salsa, and cheese. Loved the flavor mix. Liked the three different salsas; heat from the tomato with maui onion had just the right kick, the mango corn and grilled pepper was light and refreshing, and the charred pineapple verde went really well with my fish. Actually, everything went well with everything. The meats and fish were very flavorful (as attested to by the others), moist, and tender. Staff was friendly and helpful, oh yeah, don't forget patient. Definitely a return trip is in order.
5	I have been here a couple of times and the staff and food are awesome.  The staff is super friendly and helpful.  If you have not been there before, they offer a sample of their meats to try.  I like all the meats, but my favorite is the huli huli chicken.  Hubs and daughter like the Kalua Pig.  We have only tried the bowls, but next time I will probably get a burrito.  If you like sweets, they have coconut bark for dessert.  It reminds me of "Christmas Crack" (Saltine Toffee Candy), but with coconut.  I hope this restaurant is successful and sticks around.  I will be back!
5	I had a buy one get one free. I called ahead of time and spoke to a very nice lady about carry out. Five minutes later I picked up my order an took it to work. Kaluah pig was very moist and flavorful. The veggies had a great taste and the guacamole was on point. I will keep coming back!
5	I heard about Braddah's when they followed me on twitter. I was curious so I followed them back. The phrase "Chipotle Hawaiian Style" was mentioned often so I decided to give them a try.My first time was a few days after Braddah's opened their doors. I was greeted warmly by a young man and he offered me a taste of all three meats- Huli Huli Chicken, Pulehu Steak and the instantly famous Kalua Pig. All three are incredibly delicious. I ordered a bowl with Seaweed Rice, lettuce, sour cream, cheese and the PIg. Wonderful!!! But not enough. I ordered the same thing to take home. The young man who greeted me asked how I heard of them and I said that Braddah's follows me on twitter. He then said the magic phrase of "I'm going to give you a free Coconut Bark for following us back".The Coconut Bark . . . .  can I properly describe it? A thick layer of salty caramel, a crunchy layer of cracker, a layer of chocolate and topped with finely shredded coconut. So incredibly mouth-wateringly scrumptious, it should have a legal limit attached to it. (Thank goodness it doesn't!!)I've tried the salad, the tacos and the burrito on other visits. My favorite is the flour burrito with Double Pig and Steak, black beans, lettuce, cheese and sour cream. I like the Charred Pineapple Verde on the side.The drive thru is open until 11:00 pm which is great for those of us who want to swing by after work. I've been there half a dozen times already. I just can't get enough.Welcome to Vegas, Braddah's - please don't ever leave !!!**edited to add this update**They've been open a little over a month, I've been there 9 times. Ohhh my goodness, how I love Braddah's !!!!!!
5	Delicious! This place is a must try. Its the same concept as Chipotle but Hawaiian Style. The staff is super friendly, the food is REAL delicious Hawaiian food :) Thank God for Groupon or I wouldn't have know about it. Give this place a try your stomach will thank you.I got a Kalua Pig Bowl with the Verde Pineapple salsa, my boyfriend got a Huli Huli Chicken bowl, and at the end the owner brought us delicious dessert I can't remember the name but it was chocolate with coconut
5	Delicious! The Kalua PiG and Huli Huli Chicken is great. I will be returning soon.Thank you Groupon for suggesting this place.
4	I had heard about this place and was excited to try them and doubly excited when I saw the Groupon pop up recently. We headed there for a quick lunch. This place has a very simple concept. Burritos, tacos, bowl and salads a la Chipotle with Hawaiian flavors. They offered us samples of their different protein options before we ordered. We really liked the huli huli chicken so my fella and I both opted for this choice. I ordered the bowl and he the salad, although they had pretty much the same ingredients from what I could see. You choose all the toppings you want. I opted for seaweed rice with grilled vegetables as an add on with corn salsa, cabbage, romaine lettuce, sour cream and cheese. My fella got the same, but added black beans to his. All the ingredients were incredibly fresh and made from recipes personally created by the owner. It was fantastic. He even came around to everyone's table to make sure everyone was enjoying their food and let us know he created all the recipes himself. Everything we had was fantastic and I made sure to buy a few more Groupons for our next few visits. They have a drive thru as well, which is incredibly convenient.  Make sure you to like their Instagram and Facebook for daily promotions. Sunday was Slipper Sunday and we got free chips and guacamole since my fella was wearing sandals.
4	Pretty much as all the other reviews mentioned, same concept as Chipotle, but with a Hawaiian twist.This place was very professional in terms of appearance. It didn't have the typical "rough around the edges" family owned business type of feel so I was already impressed. Right upon walking in they offer to give me samples of the different meats, I was initially going to have the pork since it's their signature but after tasting the samples I opted for the chicken instead because I liked the flavor more. Just from that gesture the service was already off to a good start. The chicken was Teriyaki but not so strong of a flavor which is good so you can taste the other elements in your burrito or bowl. I must say since I frequently eat at Chipotle I am accustomed to their portion sizes and Braddah's is slightly smaller, almost to the point I would need to order a side. I was given a free sample of dessert which is what they call "coconut bark" and I absolutely loved it. It was like a gram cracker (not really sure) covered with chocolate and coconut flakes. I would actually come here just to have this. While eating I noticed the owner was doing some accounting paperwork at another table, usually owners of new businesses greet diners while eating and I guess he was too consumed into what he was doing? Overall good place, just kinda far from where I live.
1	I went there for the first time today during lunch, and I was impressed by the customer service as soon as you walk in, there great. They had me try all these samples which was great. I finally made my selection and that's when I lost interest in this place. They were so stingy with all there stuff, the portions were so small it was like getting an appetizer. The guy behind the counter used tongs to get the food and would shake the tongs to where the food would fall off and only put what was in the tongs on your bowl, REALLY like two ounces of fish?! Along with all the other stuff it was really small. I paid $10 for food and drink and wasn't pleased with the size of the portions they gave. CHIPOTLE is cheaper and you get more for your money.. I'd hate for a potentially good business to go out for being stingy with food! Common guys make your portions bigger for the price you charge
1	Food is good but don't go there hungry there very stingy with the portions they give I paid $10 for two ounces of fish and half a bowl of food RIP OFF
5	Great kalua pig!!! All ingredients were fresh and service was great... Try this place!
3	I hate to be the critical one since everyone else raved about this place but I thought it was ok. I ordered the 3 tacos so that I got to try most of the meats. I got the chicken, kahlua pig, and steak. Beware! The steak has chinese five spice in it! That was the taco I didn't eat; I hate five spice. The chicken and kahlua pig were good; however, I prefer the chicken. We also got an order of the chips and guacamole. The guac was good but the chips were stale. We exchanged it for another bag but those were also stale. On the plus side, the service was great! The counter employees got us through fast and were super friendly. They even came by to check on us. If I could suggest one thing... Mac salad! Mac salad is something I look forward to at hawaiian restaurants but they did not have it here. I get the chipotle concept with chips and salsa but a side of mac salad with my tacos would have topped it off just right!
5	Very Ono! We ate Kalua Pig tacos, Huli Huli Chicken Burritos & Pulehu Beef Bowl.  Makes me feel like home. Definitely recommend!
4	Super onolicious semi-local kine grindz! Braddah's is da winna!Kalua pig is a must try! Huli-huli chicken is pretty good for haole standard. Pulehu steak is so so. Da furikake rice wanna-be is tasty but they put too little rice for hawaiian plate standard. I think they should localize it a bit more by having 2 scoops of mac salad as a side option or maybe add spam as a meat choice. Will definitely spread the word and will be back soon for sure!
5	We came here on a Friday evening and ordered 1. Flour burrito with Kalua pig $6.952. 3 tacos with Huli Huli chicken $6.953. Quesadilla with chicken $3.50 (4 slices)4. side of guacamole ?for the price of the groupon ($10 for $20 value). It came out to $20.27, but waived the change- Next to McDonalds and Buffet of Asia. - Dead on, Hawaiian-style Chipotle.- Very generous. We told them that it was our first time here and they gave of a free sample of the Kalua pig with mango and roasted corn in an actual serving bowl for us to sample! Haha. - Clean. Fast food. Friendly "ohana" service. - Choice of flour or wheat tortilla for burrito. - Sour cream isn't extra but guacamole is.- Burrito is delicious. The pork was flavorful! I taste the island-flavor! Salty and sweet.- Tacos were crispy and fresh.- Chicken taste like a mix of pineapple, sugar, and ginger. Sweet. - Quesadilla was a bit disappointing. Very cheesy but also really greasy. - I recommend the Mango and roasted corn salsa! Excellent!- Great creativity. Love the fusion. - Only wish that they have a salsa bar, chips, limes, and jalepeno peppers. Now, that would be truly amazing. Otherwise, the Groupon made it terrific buy for what it's worth.
4	So finally got around too checking out yet another local style action in Vegas. One that has rather unique name but one that truly backs up the "Aloha" Spirit!! The first step walked in the whole staff shouts out "Aloha". Everyone is extremely helpful comes too the menu. It not your typical plate lunch action local style food. It goes in three different steps so for first timer like me (lot of confusion). The staff takes you through each one going over the options. If your expecting some mac salad, two scoops rice, or spam musubi on the menu not going too get it. =( On the other hand I enjoyed the fact really different approach  first step you can either get it in burrito wrap style, rice bowl style, or one more not remember. The protein grilled fish, kailua pork (one need too get on my next visit), and went for the huli huli chicken. I got it on bowl style with brown rice and not too much on top just black beans, and spicy tomato/maui onion salsa. You could go crazy make it full on chicken salad. I wanted too taste the chicken. I really enjoyed! IIt was nice moist, get nice portion (not just chicken but all the proteins), and had great huli huli chicken flavor you would go pick up for fundraiser action back home at some school. The black beans was ok. The salsa was winnah. It was nice little kick too it. The tomato tasted nice fresh and combine with sweet maui onion nice touch. I got some chips with side of guacamole. The guacamole was ok. The chips were solid. It nice light, crispy, and right amount of salt. Between the guacamole and the salsa. I could have had chips all night be happy braddah. Just kicking back listening too local style music some braddah "IZ". The owner if awesome. The guy goes around asking if you like everything and next thing know talking stories about the islands. I love the interior can tell they put nice brighter color too it then the prior owner some Greek place never been. All the art work had Hawaii little on the touristy prints but others had more local style vibe. The music. Now if enjoy listening too local Hawaiian music PLUS action cause all they played during my lunch. They even have drive-thru also. Really could almost say Braddah's Island Style is healthy option minus the mac salad. You can have the option of brown rice, pick your sides all healthier side (seen you can even go protein and rice), and not going too break your bank either. Love the atmosphere and for sure plan on coming back for some kalua pig!! Till next time..
5	This place's style is similar to Chipotle, but with a Hawaiian flavor. And it blows Chipotle out of the water. The Kalua Pig is awesome!! Plus all the salsa and dressings are made fresh every day.
5	I saw this place on Groupon and thought that it looked interesting, so we gave it a try. I am so glad I did. The first thing we noticed when we walked in was the clean modern decor. I was very impressed. Very spacious dining room and outside seating. The menu consisted of tacos, burritos, bowls etc. Your typical Chipotle menu, but what made it stand out was the meat selections were all Hawaiian local style preparations such as pulehu steak, kalua pig, huli huli chicken and grilled fish. The girl behind the counter generously offered a sample of the kalua pig which I found to be delicious, tender and juicy. We ordered 3 huli huli chicken burritos, a kalua pig bowl and a kalua pig burrito along with a kids menu cheese quesadilla. The kids meal comes with tortilla chips and a drink. Although we were thoroughly impressed by the food and the service, what really pleased me is that they pay attention to the small details like the cutlery, napkins, and to-go bags. All of these were pretty "high end" when it comes to disposables. The napkin was nice and thick, the kind you would get at an actual nice sit down restaurant. The cutlery was sturdy and the to go bag was not some cheap plastic bag, it was a nice, large, sturdy shopping bag with handles. I know this place is new, and I really hope they make it. I know I will definitely spread the word and keep coming back especially during my lunch breaks at work because they ingeniously also have a DRIVE THRU! Yay!!!
5	If I could add more stars I would!!! This place is AMAZING. First the reason why people go to restaurants... The food. The food was excellent. They let me try a few of the meats prior to ordering. The steak was juicy and full of flavor. The chicken wasn't anything short of amazing and the Kailua pork nearly melted in my mouth. I couldn't pick just one for my tacos so I got one of each. The staff recommended which condiments went best with each meat and I must admit they were spot on. Now the reason that sets places apart from the pack, the staff. The staff was extremely welcoming and engaging. They had tons of recommendations for the food as well. The owner was behind the counter and extremely friendly. I am always impressed when the owner is present. He came out and talked to all the customers. You could tell he takes pride in this place. I will be back often.
3	Let me start off by saying how sad I am that I'm not giving this place 5 stars because I really wanted to do so. Been wanting to try it so purchased the Groupon & went there in between classes.The prices could be comparable to Chipotle & Zabas so I thought portions would be quite the same but I was wrong. Concept was the same but portions, not so much. Ordered a bowl with rice & Pulehu steak with mostly all the fixins (salsa, cheese, sour cream, beans, lettuce). The fixins took over my bowl pretty much. I had to dig through the mountain of toppings to even try the steak. Oh how delicious it was but I only had about 6 or so good pieces in it. And my bowl lacked rice. My palm was bigger. It was yummy though but I felt like I just ordered a big bowl of lettuce and salsa.My food was not warm either. My bf had the burrito and he said his was room temp. Mine was actually somewhat cold because of the amount of lettuce on it. We also ordered chips and salsa. All I know is that my chips were so stale and chewy and it was hard to bite into.. All for $5. Sigh..Basically, I left my bowl of lettuce, cheese and salsa on the table, a bit disappointed. Really wanted to love this place. I'm from Hawaii & God knows how excited I was to try it. Thank goodness for the Groupon though..I'll come back soon. Maybe it's just today. They're really friendly & food tasted good. A couple kinks here & there but it has potential so I'm looking forward to trying it again, for sure.
5	Chipotle meets the Islands.   I purchased a Groupon and was able to order more than my usual amount of food.  Staff are super helpful and offered us a sample of the meats.  Both the kalua pig and huli huli chicken are delicious - couldn't make up my mind.  Had three tacos with each meat - with their rice, salsa, guac and cabbage.  Fantastic value and totally yummy.  Portions are HUGE - I think it is a matter of which fixings you want as I couldn't eat more than one and a half taco - and I can eat!   Coconut Bark is a must.  Delicious food - friendly staff.  Definitely a must try.  Take your time to review the menu before you order - many yummy items.   I hope this place comes to California.  Check it out!
5	Hawaiian style Chipotle is how they have branded themselves and that is just exactly what they are.. We were greeted immediately by lots of friendly workers who offered us samples of the Huli Huli chicken and Kalua pork.. We decided on the Huli Huli chicken bowl & the kalua pork burrito.. Portions are HUGE and so we could only finish about half of each.. Food was ONO hehe.. I really liked the nori rice.. But you really can't go wrong with anything here.. We also got the Coconut Bark which is basically a Salt River Bar... Bad for you but deliciously addicting :]]] Boyfriend added guacamole to his burrito but wasn't told it was an extra charge (not that it matters) so the cashier refused to charge him for it! GREAT SERVICE and lots of smiling faces.. The owner even stopped by our table to chit chat.. Turns out he will be opening a couple more locations in LV..! They use real silverware and bowls so you can just leave your mess at the table.. Don't forget to tip! +1 for their drive-thruHOT TIP: Sometimes they have a promotion where you get free chips and dip when you wear sandals.. Just ask them about it! And get the Groupon before it sells out!
5	Yum! My friends and I went to Braddahs today for lunch and can't wait to go back. I had the salad with Kalua pig and grilled veggies, black beans and brown rice, topped with sesame gingerette salad dressing and grilled pineapple salsa. So delicious! The pork was so tender and flavorful. We were given samples of the chicken and steak and they were all so good that it was hard to choose. The staff was super friendly and explained everything since it was our first visit. The owner is great... he spoke with us us several times, offering recommendations and and explaining his concept and background. As great as lunch was, by far the most amazing part of the meal was the coconut bark. It is the perfect combination of sweet and salty and melts in your mouth. Can't wait to go back!
4	Groupons make the world go round or they do in my world. We stopped by for some weekend lunch. Food was solid and service was too. The owner came around and made sure we were having a good time. Tried the chicken bowl and it was real good. Even got free chips and guac because I was wear slippers. Not a fan of guac, but it went well with their salsa.
5	While I realize reviews can't be based solely on the staff, this place is a five star restaurant on service alone. The food completely lives up to the service. I took my wife and daughters here for lunch, and was immediately greeted by the owner, with a handshake and a welcoming smile. It was immediately apparent the owner was passionate about his craft when he proudly had us sample his hand crafted recipes for Pork, Beef, and Chicken. They were absolutely amazing. Moist, fresh, and perfectly cooked. The owner talked about his passion for fresh food, and his desire to bring something unique and healthy to Las Vegas, and he delivers. You might think this is another Chipotle, or Zabas but ah you would be wrong. Something about an artisan hand crafting the food he is passionate about that can not be matched by a big chain and employees who have no stake in the business' success. This has the potential to be the next big thing. Unique recipes, huge portion, and humble prices. This is definitely one not to miss, and is sure to be a Vegas favorite. The owner said they are going to be opening a second location at Durango and Centennial very soon! Thanks for an excellent dining experience, you have a few new regulars!
5	SERVICE AMAZING! FOOD AMAZING!! We love Braddah's - Took the whole family including the grandkids and all of them totally loved the food. Everything was outstanding! Sorry Chipotle, this place has the same concept, but the flavors are so much better! And the staff are just incredible! We will be back/ :-)
3	Island style Chipotle is the accurate description of this place...but perhaps with a little less organization compared to its corporate counterpart.  Okay, so I ended up ordering a quesadilla with kahlua pork and asked to have an adult size version of it.  I had to correct them twice that I would like meat in it when I was ordering.  When it arrived at the table, it was a tad bit greasy and the meat was all smushed to one side and not evenly spread out.  Also the exterior was soggy due to it being cooked in wrapped foil...I like my quesadillas to have a nice crunch on the exterior.  The flavor of the kahlua was good, but they also failed to give me any fixings like sour cream or guac to accompany the quesadilla.  My fiance ordered the 3 taco combo and I must say that looked more delicious than my order.  He tried the huli huli chicken, mahi mahi, and the kahlua pig and his tacos were overflowing with guac/sour cream/salsa.  As I was in line waiting for our order, I heard the lady behind me say loudly, "kinda stingy with the meat, eh."  I turned to see what she was ordering and they put the two smallest pieces of fish I've ever seen in her rice bowl....eek!  If you are looking for value go with the tacos instead of the rice bowl...because she was right, they are stingy!  The coconut chocolate bark was just okay in my mind, but I'm not a big sweets person and this is SWEET! Overall, I'd give them another try since the samples I had of the other meats were delicious.  I probably wouldn't order the quesadilla again and probably won't order the rice bowl unless I feel like being a semi-vegetarian that day.
5	Tried this place with a Groupon today at lunch and we were very pleased!  We ordered pork burritos and they were huge. I read a few reviews on the portion sizes being on the small side but not with the burritos.  The service was also outstanding.  They offered us samples of the meat when we walked in since we have never been here before.  The pork was definitley my favorite but the chicken was also really tasty. Check this place out for the big fat burritos and great prices. And don't forget the coconut bark - you'll be hooked.
2	Went here from across town to use my restaurant.com certificate and was made like I committed fraud.  Its not my fault I shouldn't suffer for it.  They should add shrimp to meat choices.  Owner went from front of house to back of house to help but didn't appear to wash hands
5	Friends of mine mentioned to me  this place is GOOD. So I had to try it. You know what, this place is GOOD. It has the same concept as that other hispanic restaurant around town.  But BRADDAHs has GREAT hawaiian style food here. I ordered a burrito w/ PULEHU STEAK, PINEAPPLE VERDE SALSA & SEAWEED RICE all wrapped in a  wheat tortilla. The steak was FLAVORFUL and TENDER, the salsa was REALLY GOOD and the seaweed rice was just as GOOD. DEFINITELY GOING BACK! Almost forgot, you have to try the COCONUT CHOCOLATE BARK dessert. IT IS TO DIE FOR! It reminds of when I was a kid eating and enjoying ALMOND ROCA. BRADDAHs ranks among my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
4	Two Words = Great Service.Everyone is super nice at this restaurant and that in itself sets them apart from many restaurants in Vegas.1 star = Quick assembly line, and every one behind the glass is super nice and friendly. What a great way to start a meal!2 stars = The owner introduced himself, let us try some meats, and made sure we were enjoying our meal! Now that's how you handle business and return customers!3 stars = Kalua pig flavor = bombtastic. Explodes in your mouth with flavor and does not taste anything like a fast food staple. 4 stars = COCONUT BARK = to die for. I wish this restaurant was closer to home so I can always have a refill on my coconut bark. They are $3.50 a bag but so worth it and it comes with a lot. But definitely hate to share, so get your own! Haha!Lacks the 5th star only because my tacos and fiance's burrito was tearing apart as we were eating them. Must be the strategy in wrapping and filling that needs to be worked on as the restaurant is fairly new. But all in all, great place for fast food, chipotle Hawaiian style goodness!That coconut bark though! Ugh...it haunts me!
5	Love the food!! amazing service! All of the food was fresh and fast in and out service. Enjoyed the variety of salsas and different types of meats. Def rec. the desserts! I will be back many times.
5	Annudah Braddah Fan!Had a Groupon, so we checked it out the other night. OMG...best experience we've ever had at a "fast food" venue! Walking in, they asked if it was our first time. "Yes." So they gave us samples of the meats to try.  Hubby couldn't get over how moist the grilled chicken pieces were; and I would fight anybody for more of their Kalua pig! Can't wait to go try the steak and fish.Be judicious with the many, many choices of add-ons. For instance, I won't combine the nori-studded rice with the Kalua pork again. Don't want anything to overpower that melt-in-your-mouth smoky pig. The rice is probably better with the fish; but the black beans went just fine with pork and chicken. Wow, the fresh salsas--they were awesome on everything. And they also put some amazing hot sauces (Pickapeppa and Mango-Habanero, yum!) on the tables too.The $20 Groupon was enough to cover both our meals, including soft drinks and a dessert, so that tells you how reasonable the prices are. The menu is limited...but if you are in the mood for Hawaiian style proteins w/ Mexican style add-ons, this is THE place to go get it. And the friendly staff is a nice change from most "counter service" places too. You MUST try the chocolate bark--if you don't like coconut you can scrape it off!. It is like the "saltines toffee" I make at home every year for Christmas, but w/ 2x the toffee and 3x the chocolate on top. Buttery chocolaty salty HEAVEN! You can tell its fresh-made with really good chocolate and real butter in the soft toffee. A generous  5-6 oz. bag of it for $3.50. This stuff would be $30/lb. at a Strip chocolatier.
5	Recently tried Braddah's Island style for lunch with my wife. All i can say is fantastic food!!. Located on Rainbow and Sahara next to McDonalds. Why so many people stuff down nasty Mickey D's when all this fresh goodness is right next door for the same price is beyond me.The building is very tastefully done. Nice seating area on the patio outside, and very bright and inviting on the inside. I love the old airline posters of Hawaii hanging on the wall, and the old Elvis music was relaxing just like you were in Hawaii for real . We were very warmly greeted by the employees with a friendly Aloha. Forgive me that i forgot to get any of their names, but they were all so friendly. What a nice change of pace to have such nice customer service. Since it was our first time, they offered us free samples of the Kalua Pork and the Huli Huli chicken. both delicious and full of flavor.The ordering line is basically set up like a Chipotle if you are familiar with them.FIRST: pick from either a burrito, rice bowl, or 3 taco option.SECOND: pick you're meat. Kalua Pig, Huli Huli Chicken, Pulehu Steak, Grilled Veggies or Grilled Fish.THIRD: Pick your toppings: Black Beans, Grilled veggies with green onions, Seaweed rice, lettuce, cabbage etc.FOURTH: Salsa Time: Charred Pineapple Verde(very mild,) Mango and Roasted Corn (delicious) and Tomato with Grilled Maui Onion. (Medium).LAST STEP: a few additional toppings such as cheese, sour cream, guacamole, jalapeno's, limes.NOTE: additional toppings do cost extra, so keep that in mind when building your meal.My wife ended up getting the rice bowl, which was a really good size portion. She paired that with Huli Huli Chicken which is so delicious. She put on various toppings such as lettuce, cheese, and got the Salsas in a couple of small containers so she could put the right amount on herself. I can't remember what else she got because i was so involved with my order. Total tunnel vision lol. I went with the 3 taco option so i could try a few of the meats. I opted for the soft shell and got the Kalua Pig, Huli Huli Chicken, and The Pulehu steak. The Chicken is grilled and flavorful, the Pig is declious and juicy, and the Steak has a sort of sweet unique flavor like i have never had. i loaded them up so much, she could barely fold the tortilla. The food is flat out delicious and above all so very fresh, like you would make at home if you knew how lol. And whatever you do, don't forget the coconut bark for dessert. A sort of Hawaiian smore's concoction?? I don't know but it was ridunkulessly good. Nice piece of chocolate with shaved coconut on top, kind of a graham cracker?? in the middle and a salty caramel bottom. The salty evens out the sweet chocolate, and will turn you immediately into a crack-head for this stuff wanting to take a couple pounds home to stash for later.Overall can't say enough good things about this new restaurant. Excellent food, customer service, and ambience. We will be back again for sure!!. give it a try, and you will be so glad you did!!!! Mahalo and Aloha
5	Well my first time here it was great had to kalua pig I will definitely be back place is very cleaning service was excellent
5	So friggin delicious!!!! Great customer service and amazing food! They give you samples of all the meats and everything just tastes so fresh!!! Great prices and amazing flavor to the meats! I will be a repeat customer for sure!!
5	Hawaiian food done chipolte style is all I heard. I had to check it out. Its better the advertised and the customer service is excellent! Flavors were great as well and the coconut bark is addicting.  Definetly will be back for more
5	Service was EXCELLENT! Extremely friendly on our first visit! Hawaiian Chipotle! love it! quality of food was unmatched! will definitely return!
3	The Mrs. had been talking this place up, saying her co-workers were raving about it. It's not real conveniently located for us, but we were in the neighborhood on another adventure and stopped to see what all the fuss was about. We were greeted by a very friendly staff and were offered samples of the different meats, as this was our first visit. Braddah's has a similar set-up to Chipotle and Qdoba. I opted for a chicken burrito with lots of extras. The burrito itself was good, but didn't live up to the hype. I ordered a side of chips and "guac". The guacamole was great, but the chips were served cold, although they were served in a paper bag with the grease coming through, giving the illusion they were going to be hot and greasy. The coconut bark for dessert was pretty tasty and the staff was friendly and attentive. The prices were in line with what you would expect from a fast food restaurant of it's type. I might return in the future, if I'm in the neighborhood. I was a little dissappointed, admitedly due to the enormous hype I was hearing prior to my visit.
4	strictly out of curiousity i tried this place out. big fan of hawaiian food. ordered a kalua pig burrito, with charred pineapple verde sauce. had black beans, seaweed rice, sour cream, cheese, lettuce. big fan of kalua pig, and this is right up there. the flavors weren't eye popping, but it was just a great burrito in general. you have to give it up to them, for introducing a somewhat new concept.  im planning to try the steak next.definitely a great place, to grab a bite to eat, nothing fancy just sit down, but you know you're getting quality food, at a reasonable price. came in there, during a tuesday afternoon, apparently they had new staff that was being prepped on the business, might have been the owner that was talking to them. like what he had to say, as far as running an operation, I manage a kitchen myself, these guys seem to get it right.
5	We walked in and were greeted immediately despite other customers placing their orders. When we mentioned it was our first time here, we were offered samples of huli huli chicken and kalua pig, which were both very good. We opted for chicken bowls with seaweed rice and then proceeded to pile our toppings of choice including mango corn salsa which was so tasty! The employees here are very nice and patient and explained each item we had questions about. Many people have compared this place to Chipotle and while it's the same ordering process (choose an item and then choose toppings) and presentation (tacos, bowls, burritos), I think Braddah's is better than Chipotle in regards to taste and speed of service. I definitely cannot wait to come back here.
3	It reminds me a lot of chipotle. There is not many food options. There was flies, which is super disgusting. Besides that, the sauce is delicious. The decor is beautiful, simple but really pretty. I love the Yellow umbrellas.
4	Yes, yes, it is kinda like the Hawaiian Chipotle!  But the flavors at Braddah's are definitely unique and local to the Islands!  Me likey!The family and I went for dinner one weekend night and were greeted with cheery employees!  We were asked if we had been to Braddah's before, then given a nice sample of their kalua pig.  Really like home!  So needless to say we stayed for a meal.Braddah's concept is almost identical to that of Chipotle's with their food-building line.  You start at one end and place your order, and along the way down the counter you choose what you want in your entree.  Menu items are very similar to Chipotle's as well, simple and easy to comprehend.  But with more Hawaii flavor infused into the menu.  Choose from your menu staples of burritos, bowls, salads, or tacos.  Then you go down each station to choose your protein, rice and/or beans, salsa, dressing (if you have a salad), and fresh fixing choices.  Then it all gets wrapped up or placed on real plates!  Kind of a nice touch, since it gives you that homey-type feel.  Of course you can get it to go if you need to.For proteins you can choose from:-Kalua pig (damn yummy like out of the IMU)-Pulehu steak-Huli Huli chicken-Grilled fish-Grilled veggiesYou have a choice of black or pinto beans, and the rice has either nori or furikake in it which is pretty good.  Hot rice, furikake, and shoyu...a meal in itself!For salsa choices you get:-Charred pineapple verde-Mango & roasted corn-Tomato with grilled Maui onion (LIKE since I'm from Maui)Dressings make for salads include a papaya buttermilk ranch, and a roasted sesame gingerette.Fresh fixing items to include with your order:-Sour cream-Romaine-Cheese-Cilantro-Cabbage (great with grilled fish)-Jalapeno-Guacamole with pink Hawaiian salt (for a small fee)Tons of flavor combinations!  Like a hula dancer in your mouth!  Hmm...that worked out better in my head then on paper.  I had a burrito with Huli Huli chicken, pineapple verde, tomato with grilled Maui onion salsa, sour cream, cheese, and extra romaine.  I thought it would be too much for the chicken to come through but POW!  That Huli Huli chicken tasted exactly like I remember from my 'hana bada' days (that's kiddie time to you non-locals).  Sweet, salty, tangy, just damn delicious.  Very good burrito, made even better with the Pickapepper hot sauce they get from Jamaica!  That sweet and heat flavor added some good kick to my palette.  I would eat jars of that stuff.We also had a kalua pig burrito too and it was pretty stellar as well.  That smokey flavor of the pork complimented the rest of the ingredients nicely.  Good stuff.  Fish tacos were ono too, very comparable to the ones at a place like Wahoo's.  Fresh.The only complaint I have about Braddah's is sometimes the servings can be a tad on the 'keiki' side.  Especially with the bowls and salads.  Please, most of us people from Hawaii are big!  I'm a big boy!  I want a big boy serving!  I can understand how food costs rise constantly.  I only suggest you put a bit more lettuce and rice/beans when you guys make a salad or bowl.  Tastes good, just want more!  So please, maybe pile over the top of the bowl!Since it was our first time to Braddah's we were given samples of their only dessert, coconut bark.  Shiz...this stuff is like CRACK!  I don't even like sweets!  Sweet, silky, crunchy, coco-nutty all at the same time.  Tasty explosion!  No wonder it won 'Best Dessert' at this past year's Bite of Las Vegas, well deserved.  If you like spicy, add a dash of that Pickapepper hot sauce on top (I kid you not), and be amazed.  Super yum-yum.I bought a Groupon for Braddah's so I will be back again sometime soon.  I thought the drive was a bit far for us so we would wait a bit.  Come to find out, another Braddah's location will be opening soon closer to us at Centennial in the NW!  Will probably be back much sooner now.  Mahalo Nui Loa!
4	Delicious food, lots of options! Just like chipotle but Hawaiian style. They had vegetarian options for me and they were great and flavorful. Only thing is they didn't fill up my bowl as much as I would've liked. The workers were very friendly and probably would've given me more toppings had I asked, but they might've charged extra, I'm not sure. Their portions are still good, but could possibly be on the smaller side depending on what you add in. Still delicious, though, and a must try! I will be back.
5	Went there for the first time today! So good! The guy behind the counter gave samples of all the meats. My boyfriend & I chose to get Kalua pig bowls which were so tasty. The service was good & the place was nice & clean. Definitely have to go back to try the steak in a bowl & get the coconut bark!
5	Braddah's Island Style location make's it convenient for locals and non-locals to locate at the corner of Rainbow and Sahara next to Harley Davidson's.  Lots of parking and a drive-thru make's it an easy access.  The staff is friendly and the Aloha spirit is truly present among all it's team members.  The menu is truly healthy and presents the island style in a unique fashion.  Kalua burrito's and taco's, brown rice with nori and assortment of Hawaiian salsa's.  The menu is easy to read.  Don't forget to try the Coconut bark.  If there is a good Hawaiian diner in Las Vegas--the locals will find it and they truly did, when I was there, it was packed.  Onolicious!  Got my vote!
5	Great food! Good service! Free samples! And a groupon! Excellent Chipotle style Hawaiian place. The coconut bark is amazing!
5	Chipotle is a distant memory to me now that I have been to Braddah's! The pig and mango corn salsa was awesomeness rolled into a soft warm burrito! The coconut bark was a delicious finish! My husband enjoyed a bowl with the most delicate & flavorful fish in town! We are hooked! Staff was helpful & let us taste test to make our selection perfect (so thanks Jaime!) we will be BACK!
5	It was my first time at this spot and was greeted as soon as I walked in. Cool twist to the chipotle theme. The Kalua pork burrito is Bomb.Com with the pineapple salsa, and the coconut bark is Insane. I'm definitely making this one of my regular spots cuz it was just that good!
5	Very rarely do I stop at a restaurant that looks even remotely like a fast food joint but Groupon lured me here. All I can say, that's the best Groupon purchase I have ever made :-) this place rocks! The food is amazing, the owner is fantastic, and the service is impeccable.
4	Great restaurant and great service...like all the food I ordered (Pulehu Steak burrito and Huli Huli Chicken bowl and of course the coconut bark).I understand that this is a new restaurant and concept for this area and I would love to see this restaurant succeed...with that being said I would like to put my two cents in and advise this new restaurant to offer more varieties of food and drinks. I see that the kitchen is big enough so offering french fries and burgers (kids love) + ?? Hawaiian style should not be a problem. The family atmosphere that is evident in their great customer service comes through loud and clear...just some advice in hopes that this place can attract more customers.
4	Good reviews all over Yelp? Check!$10 Groupon for $20 worth of food? Check!Best friend to be fat with? Check!We walked in and were immediately greeted by the super nice guy behind the counter. He asked if we were first timers. "Yes we are!" He then offered us a sample of the huli huli chicken and the pulled pork. Both were delicious! Think of Chipotle where you can get a burrito, bowl, tacos, or a salad with your choice of meat. I opted for the bowl with the chicken. He then proceeded to ask what I wanted my bowl to consist of. SO MANY OPTIONS. My bowl had the seaweed rice (so good), chicken, lettuce, tomatoes, pineapple salsa, sour cream and jalapenos. Portions are huge so it's a good thing I came hungry. I docked them a star because when he scooped the tomatoes into my bowl, he didn't strain them first. So by the time I was at the bottom of the bowl, there was a puddle of tomato water. Not so appealing when your food is drenched in it. At that point I couldn't eat any more of it. Otherwise, the bowl was pretty tasty. Chicken was bursting with flavor, the seaweed in the rice was an extra treat and the pineapple salsa was outstanding. I really wanted to try the coconut bark, but I knew it wasn't a good idea after stuffing my face. I'll try it next time for sure, which gives me an excuse to come back!
4	tried this place recently and it was deliciousfriendly and knowledgeable staff, fresh food and large portions, and dont forget to purchase a groupon for this place!must try coconut bark!
5	We decided to give this place a try after kraving some kalua pork and tacos. Never heard of it being used in tacos; so this was a must. Stopped by and we were immediately greeted with an "Aloha." Perfect scenario so far... As we approached a guy (forgot his name) he asked us if we are new here and offered us a few samples of their really great meat choices. All in all I loved the experience, food was great! I got the kalua pork and hulihuli chicken taco. Here's a tip: read their menu before walking up to order... simple and a fun way to get creative.
5	Braddah's was an amazing experience! I was skeptical because to be honest I hate Hawaiian food but this place is so fresh and tasty that I didn't get lost on the greasy Hawaiian I've tasted prior. Braddah's is a breath of fresh air and much needed for Las Vegas! They have tacos, burritos, bowls and salad so it does have an air reminiscent of chipotle but the food flavor index is vastly different. The choices of meat include a sweet marinated steak, a mild but tasty chicken, fish to die for and Kalua pig that was very good as well but I'm not much of a pork fan. The atmosphere is very friendly with a aloha as you walk in and mahalo when we walked out :) highly recommended!
4	**Summary**       - Fusion - The place is a Hawaiian/Tex Mex fusion. It takes traditional Hawaiian meats and combines them with Tex Mex's tacos, burritos, and bowls.       - Chipotle - I'd describe this place as a Hawaiian Chipotle. The menu and ordering style is the same. The flavor however, is different.       - Rice - Rather than the normal cilantro/lime rice at Chipotle, they have rice with sprinkles of seaweed. It's quite delicious.       - Taste - If you're not sure which meat to get, I'd recommend asking for a sample, that way you're knowing what you're getting into.**Ordered**       - Huli Huli Chicken - I can't get over how flavorful and perfectly cooked this chicken is. I went with an actual Hawaiian who told that Hawaii Huli Huli Chicken was one of the pinnacles of Hawaiian food and she said this chicken ranks up there as well.       - Kalua Pig - Kalua Pig usually is pretty salty. This one is no exception. It goes well in a bowl, but I wouldn't recommend it in a burrito.       - Pulehu Steak - The steak seemed a little under seasoned. It might of been since I had the Kalua Pig first.       - Grilled Fish - The grilled fish tacos we had were delicious. The fish was flaky and cooked to perfection.       - Coconut Bark - Unfortunately, I didn't like this as much. It's a lot of chocolate and was a bit too rich for me. A couple bites and I was going into a sugar meltdown.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you like Hawaiian fusion or Chipotle. It's an interesting change and delicious.
4	Well I live in Maui so I've had a lot of Island style food.  Most of the time I find it kind of bland so I was interested to find out what this Vegas hawaiian grill would be like.  When we were waiting to order they brought us by some samplers and the Kahlua pork was nice and flavorful but I ended up with the chicken salad.  The down fall is they only had 3 kinds of dressing I believe.  Other than that the grilled chicken had a fantastic flavor.  The nicest part was that the owner was out cleaning tables and thanking customer for coming in.  That means a lot to me and I was impressed.  I would return for sure.
5	OMG THE ISLAND HOSPITALITY!  3rd time here and each time has been amazing.  I especially love the way they explain the ordering process!  Kahlua pork is my favorite!!!! And service inside & drive thru are awesome!  And I think it's healthy! Doesn't seem greasy at all!
5	I've noticed lately that I maybe give too many 5 star reviews. So, I decided to maybe not be so easily impressed with just basic service. However, there is no way I can in good conscious give this place anything less than the 5 stars it deserves! Immediately upon entering the door I was greeted with a friendly hello. Once I told them it was my first time here, the young woman behind the counter immediately grabbed a bowl and gave me samples of the different meats. They were all good, but I had to go with the pig! I got it in the three taco deal and they were nothing less than delicious! They were not at all stingy with the ingredients, and it was all fresh. The meal with a 20oz Coke was around $10, which is about on par with Chipotle. Will definitely be back!
5	First, let me explain...  I don't give a five star rating unless I really think something is really good and unique. With that said, I really enjoyed the food and the service at Braddah's Island Style. I'm a cab driver here in town and I'm often asked for places to go and things to try that are unique to Las Vegas.  This is definitely gonna make the regular list of suggestions! Being from Hawaii, I wasn't sure what this was gonna taste like.  Kalua pig tacos?  Huli huli chicken burritos?  What is this??  I'll tell you what it is...  IT'S DELICIOUS!!  I knew what kalua pig tasted like on its own but I had NO IDEA how ONO this could be in a taco! The service here is fast, friendly and awesome.  Everyone coming thru the door is greeted almost immediately and the ordering process is quick and straightforward.  For this, being my first visit, I ordered the three tacos (one huli huli chicken and two kalua pig) and told them to prepare them the way they thought it would taste best.  I guess what I was most impressed about was the overall attitude of the employees and the taste of the food.  Great job!This is definitely just the FIRST of MANY trips to Braddah's!
5	Excellent! I'm stuffed as was my kalua pork burrito. Friendly people, great food, fast service. Love the selections, nice change from the ordinary. The coconut bark is to diiiiiie for. Yelp yelp!
4	Two words: coconut bark. Apparently just coming off of a fresh victory from the bite of Las Vegas festival for winning best dessert, I can completely see why. Sweet, salty, crunchy, melty, buttery, heavenly brown bagged morsels. We initially bought one for our family of 4, but had to buy another on our way out because it was just that good. As others have said, it's a Hawaiian chipotle. Upon entering, you get an amazing sense of customer service already. They asked us if we have ever been before, and when we responded no, they gave us a sample of all the meats. I loved the flavors of the meat. I got a chicken and steak combo burrito on a WHEAT tortilla with fajita veggies, mango salsa, and the hot tomato pico salsa along with everything else. It was amazing and so big that they had to double wrap it. Usually, I am not a carb person, but it was the weekend so I killed that bad boy and easily ate my entire DV of calories. The steak has 5 slice and hoisin. It's sweeter than Mexican marinated meats but completely delicious. The food was plentiful and a plate of 3 tacos and my burrito fed us all. My only complaint is that the food wasn't hotter. The meat in our samples were room temperature and I usually like my food scalding. We had 2 people come by to check on us, and were even given a sample of their holiday bark which was greatly appreciated. Perhaps it was just an off day, but I am so excited to come back and buy bags upon bags of coconut bark. I've already raved to my family about it and I can't let them down. See you soon!
4	Step 1... Choose one:BurritoBowlSalad3 Tacos (choose soft flour or crispy corn)Step 2... Choose one:Huli Huli Chicken $6.95Kalua Pig $6.95Pulehu Steak $7.60Grilled Fish $7.50Grilled Veggie $6.25Step 3... Choose one or all:Seaweed RiceBlack  BeansShredded CabbageRomaine LettuceGrilled Veggies ($1.15 extra)Step 4... Choose one:Charred Pineapple Verde (mild)Mango & Roasted Corn (mild)Tomato W/Grilled Maui Onion (spicy)Step 5... Choose one or all:Sour CreamCheeseLettuceJalapenosCabbageLimeCilantroGuacamole W/Hawaiian Pink Salt ($1.35 extra)I purchased a $10 for $20 groupon so we could try this place out for dinner. Upon walking in we were greeted and right away offered a sample of their Huli Huli Chicken and Kalua Pig. Both of these were equally good, but I really loved the Huli Huli Chicken. After reading the menu board I decided to go with the "3 Tacos" with 2 on flour tortillas and 1 on crispy corn. I was torn on which meat to choose for my tacos, so the man behind the counter said I could mix and match them. Cool! I ended up going with chicken, pig and steak tacos and paying the extra $1.35 for guac on them. A lot of places would charge for the guacamole per taco, but I was just charged the 1 price and got a generous portion on all 3 tacos. The tacos were delicious! The charred pineapple verde adds a nice flavor addition, the meat is tender and has great flavor, the tortilla was soft and good and the price was right for what I got. The guacamole is worth buying just as a side to have with chips, but I have to admit that if there was some sort of Hawaiian pink salt in it, I didn't see it or taste anything except for fresh yummy guac. Hubby had a "Pulehu Steak Burrito" and loved it, but found the size to be too small for his hungry appetite. I still had half of a taco left so I was very fulfilled! So full that I didn't even taste a bite of the "Cheese Quesadilla" priced at $2.50 (meat extra) that we also ordered. I also had to make room for dessert later because I got a bag of "Coconut Bark" priced at $3.50 to try. Whoa!! This stuff is addicting! I have never had anything like it before and honestly don't even know for sure what all was in it. It seems like a saltine cracker with a layer of brown sugar or caramel and then a layer of chocolate and coconut. Whatever it is, I want more! You can eat inside, outside or even grab some grub from their drive-thru.
5	Very nice service, free samples, good portions, and most importantly good food! Must save room for the coconut bark.#goodfoodbra
3	3.5 starsCame here with a groupon. Walking in I was greeted with a sample of a couple different meats. I was then showed the menu board and explained the steps of ordering. I ordered a burrito made with a flour tortilla with pulehu steak, cheese, jalapenos and spicy tomato with grilled maui onion. The tomato/onion salsa wasn't spicy but tasted good. I thought the steak was flavorful and the whole burrito to be good but the size was too small for me. I also ordered a cheese quesadilla that was good but average. I could see myself coming back here with coupons if ever offered. My wife enjoyed her food a bit more than me especially their coconut bark (I'm not a fan of coconut I didn't try it).The people inside were friendly and it was clean.
5	Love it! Delicious food! Aloha spirit!Friendly staff!We'll visit often!Aloha!!!!!!
5	Food and service were excellent! My husband and I went here on our vacation because we had a groupon and it had great reviews. The manager or owner was extremely nice and gave us samples to try. The set up was fast casual similar to Qdoba or Chipotle which we love. I had a salad with the Huli Huli chicken which was delicious (also enjoyed the sample of Kalua pig). The coconut bark was a sweet and salty unique dessert which we both loved. I would definitely recommend this place and hope they franchise since we don't even live in the area!
5	So welcoming, with an awesome ambiance and eating environment. Personally greeted by the owner and enjoyed my samples! It made my choice very easy from there :) Kalua Pork Burrito!!! It lived up to expectations! Very filling and you can feel how fresh and healthy the food and ingredients are here! I'm bringing my family next time :)
5	Braddah's reminds me so much of a popular chain that lots of people enjoy. Can you guess what it is?Yep, it's Earl of Sandwich. They totally have the same font all over the menu! If that was your guess, great job.I'm going to go against the grain and highlight what happened at the end of my meal here. After finishing my excellent food, I saw this purple and white ribbon pinned to the menu. I asked the manager (owner?) about it, and he quite proudly shared with me that it was for winning best dessert at the Bite of Las Vegas. He even boasted that they beat out all those fancy chefs who "went to school" to learn to make dessert.Loathe to let a great opportunity slip, I stepped up to the register and ordered the coconut bark. Wow. I'm not normally a coconut fan, but this wasn't overtly coconut-y. There's coconut shavings on a hard chocolate layer, then a middle white layer which was more likely coconut as well, and a salted soft caramel layer at the bottom. It's pretty dang sweet, which is too my liking, and isn't too hard to crunch through. Only problem is that I only bought one box and there's very few pieces of this deliciousness. After eating a chunk just now, I only have one piece left for another day.By the way, the non-dessert menu is also worth coming here for. I had three tacos, and following the excellent idea of Christie L., I got to try three meats (huli huli chicken, kalua pork, pulehu steak), plus three different salsas. I'd probably go for pork or steak (just like at the other fresh burritos places) and definitely stick to the mango and corn salsa, but the pineapple verde and tomato with Maui onion options aren't bad. They also have two hot sauces available at bottles at the tables. You know I'm kinda a fan of sweet, and I found myself augmenting my tacos with quite a bit of the raspberry and jalapeno sauce. The unlabeled guava sauce was a little too hot for my delicate taste buds unfortunately.Overall, this is an excellent 4.5 star concept that the coconut bark certainly bumped up to an unquestionable 5. You will love Braddah's if you enjoy either or both of Hawaiian food and the fresh burrito concept. Hopefully, they'll stick to their goal of opening a Henderson location soon so that I can enjoy their food after a much shorter driver.
4	Good island style grubs.  I opted to try out the 3 taco meal on my first go at Braddah's.  For my three choices I picked the veggie, chicken, and fish options and had them put pretty much all the "fixins" on it.  I was excited to try out the maui onion they offered and it wasn't quite as good as I wanted it to be as I didn't taste the flavor I've come to know and love.  But, I looked past it and settled on the flavors of the veggies, chicken, and fish contents; the chicken being the best out of the three.  It's not very often that you find huli huli style chicken here in LV (unless I'm not looking hard enough, which wouldn't really surprise me), so it was a nice flavor to re-visit after being out of the islands for a while.  The fish was also quite grubbin' but I found that the guac and sour cream overpowered the taste of the fish and I couldn't fully enjoy it.  I'll put it down as a mental note to try guac and sour cream on my tacos next time.  Got to try some of the prized coconut bark and it is as good as they say it is (and I'm not much of a dessert guy so that's saying a lot).  If I had to describe it, the coconut bark is just like a Twix bar with a healthy infusion of coconut flavor and texture.  Try it out, I'm sure you won't regret it.Overall, Braddah's Island Style is a good grub option when you're hungry and jonesin' for a little bit of island flavor.  Braddah's style is reminiscent of back home but it doesn't quite hit the mark.  However, that is definitely not a bad thing as it is tasty and I enjoyed the lunch experience I had while visiting.  A Hawaiian-style Chipotle they say?  Pretty much a spot on description.  A solid effort from a promising spot.  I'll be sure to stop by if I'm ever in the area and looking to eat something 'ono. Just have to remember to dial down on the condiments and take in the flavor of the main dishes instead.
4	This place reminds me of Chipotle Mexican Grille but with Hawaiian twist.  Very clean well-lit, comfortable atmosphere.  The staff is friendly, and the food selection is simple but tasty.  The real hidden gem in this place is the coconut bark dessert.  I normally don't order dessert anywhere, but due to the staff's friendly persuasion, I tried it and loved it.
5	Awesome place... Island style favorites with a twist... I usually just get my favorite which is Pulehu Steak and Seaweed Rice... You know diet right... but the taste is great, and the owner took time to talk story with us... Will be returning and I'm already suggesting my IG friends to go...
5	This place is like a Hawaiian-Fusion Chipotle. Amazing service! The people that work here are so warm, ESPECIALLY the owner. The food is also super amazing, very flavorful. Definitely recommend to everybody.
5	This place is awesome...great portions!!!  I simply love everything on that menu...What is great are the bottles of sauces that are for sale there...each one has a different kick!!!  I recommend this 110% !!!!
5	Better than chipotle. Amazing food. We had the taco special with 2 grilled fish  and 1pig. They were so accommodating. The food was so fresh and plentiful. We also ordered a pig burrito with extra meat. It was enough for 3. I can't wait to go back. The thing that  amazed us was the staff. The owner Christopher made a point to say hello to everyone  while he was busing the tables. Great place.
5	Great place with great food and staff. The huli huli chicken is awesome. The owner is a nice guy. Very friendly.
3	Ahhhh, Hawaiian food and Mexican food fused together.  These are two of my favorite foods and thought after reading the reviews, "This place is a dream come true!".  I drove from the Mountains Edge area to sample their international delights.  First off when you walk in you could kind of tell that this place may have been an old Taco Bell.  But, hats off to the owner for trying to create that Aloha feel!  Anyhow, I'd like to make a quick comment about the service.  It was our first time here, and they serve the tacos, burritos, and bowls Chipotle/Subway style.  It's really good and invites a patron to ask a lot of questions.  However, the "male" serving staff that helped me was not the greatest.  The guy that was explaining the different types of meat to me wasn't very enthusiastic about any of them.  I know they serve fish as well, because of the Yelp reviews but he didn't ask if that was an option I'd like to try.  The food it self was tasty and inventive.  I got the Huli Huli Chicken, Kalua Pig, Puleha Steak tacos with Mango & Roasted Corn Salsa on flour tortillas.  The Kalua Pig taco being my favorite!  However, I kept to things that "looked" familiar like the Mango & Roasted Corn Salsa.  I wasn't ecstatic about my meal but it was just, good.  What really held down it's reputation was the Coconut Bark desert.  It's really hard to explain.  But, we had friends that hated coconut shavings.....and loved it!So, my suggestion to this place is to have a staff that is more suggestive.  Honestly, my food was pretty good but, kinda tasted like Chipotle.  It was my fault for not trying something different but, the staff also wasn't helpful.  You really need a staff that can put you in the right direction when trying something new and inventive.  I hope to try this place one more time but, usually the first visit makes the most impression on that decision to go again.
3	I like the idea of a "Hawaiian Chipotle" and was excited to try it. First time we dined in. I got the Pulehu steak, seaweed rice, beans, cabbage, sour cream, tomato onion salsa (supposedly "hot"), corn salsa. It wasn't spicy and just needed something for some oompf with spice and needed a little salt as everything was underseasoned. There were 2 bottles on the table, a yellow sauce and one bright red/pink one. The yellow was tangy sweet and the pink was sweet fruity sauce. It wasn't what I was looking for so I kept it plain. The BFs bowl with the Kalua pig was way better as his meat was nicely seasoned and had a nice smokey flavor. The second time we came was much better. I got the kalua pig and to get some of the spice I asked for some sliced jalapeno. Everything seemed better seasoned this time around, like the rice the last time was not salted. I hope that this keeps on, it was much more flavorful and was actually pretty tasty. Now, if they can make the "spicy" salsa actually have some bite that would be awesome. I wonder if their consistency is a issue, but I hope that this visits quality is more common and would explain all these great reviews.We tried the coconut bark salty sweet noms this time too. I want some more! The box came with 4 pieces and I should have bought more. It reminds me of the saltine brittle my sister used to make. It has some chewy almond roca tasting toffee, pretzel, layer of chocolate with some coconut shavings on top.It's on the way home, open after work so it will go on our rotation when we don't feel like cooking.
3	The coconut bark is wonderful.Everything else is Chipotle-style as other reviewers have described, but with the 808 twist on it.I used my $20 Groupon here for dinner for the b/f and I and we still had to pay.I had the steak bowl with seaweed rice, black beans, mild "salsa," and lettuce, along with bottled water and a small order of coconut bark.  I liked the beef, finding it to be tasty and the combo of ingredients was very hearty.Mel had one side of the steak and one side of the chicken (low carb day for him) and a bottle of water.Our orders came to about $22.My bowl of food was so big that I took half home because I had to leave room for the famed coconut bark, which is wonderful.  Did I already say that?  It is. It reminds me of Almond Roca, which I love. If I come back here, I'm getting that again.  They also have holiday coconut bark for sale now, which is made with white chocolate.  Mahalo!
3	Reading all these reviews, I couldn't help but think "what's a Hawaiian Chipotle?".  Well, I finally got to find out for myself.  Yes, when you walk in it's almost like Chipotle.  Your meals are made in an assembly line fashion, it's fast food, and the prices are similar.  The process is simple...select your meats (Kalua Pork, Steak, Huli Huli Chicken, Veggies, Fish, or Shrimp).  Then choose whether you want your meats in a bowl with rice, in a salad, a burrito, and even a taco.  Then after this, you select all the extras like sour creams, beans, guac, etc.  For me, my decision was easy.  I wasn't feeling a burrito or taco.  I also wasn't doing a salad or rice bowl. So, I chose just a side of steak and a side of chicken.  I thought both meats were a bit greasy and lacking some flavor.  I know Chipotle isn't any better when it comes to grease, but at least there's a little taste there.  I still managed to down my dish because I don't believe in quitting.  My gf got steak with rice and beans. She also had to get their coconut bark.  Might as well, especially since they're known for it.  I had a piece and thought that it was pretty good.  It's pretty much a toffee tasting, Almond Roca tasting, sweet piece of candy.  That one piece was probably the highlight.  My gf had a $20 Groupon for our meals and we were originally sticker shocked that just two bowls, 2 drinks, and coconut bark was over $22.  Something just didn't add up.  When I got home, I realized why.  Instead of Braddah's charging me for a side of chicken and a side of steak, they charged me for a full bowl.  Yeah, we were over-charged about $2.  I'm not going broke because of this, but it's the principle.  Overall, with a recent 5 Star ROTD for Braddah's and some of the hype I'm seeing, I have to say that I was a little disappointed.  The thought of Hawaiian food mixed with tacos and burritos sounded great.  But when it came down to it...they are just A-OKPS:  At least the restaurant is clean and there's a drive thru.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (493/500)
5	Having heard positive things about Braddah's since it opened I, of course, bought the Groupon to check it out.  It was about 7 p.m. and there was one other customer in front of me already checking out.  As soon as I entered I was greeted with a welcome and had I ever been there before.  When I said no, he said let me get you a couple of samples.  I tried the Huli Huli chicken and the Kalua pig.   Admittedly, I am not an expert on anything Hawaiian but as soon as I tasted the Kalua pig I was hooked.  Their menu is very easy to read as far as the steps to create your burrito, bowl, salad or taco, meat choices,  extras, etc.  I ordered two of of bowls with the seaweed brown rice.  For the tacos I took the suggestion of the waitress and did a combo of the steak, chicken and Kalua pig.  They also provide sauces.  The pink one I found pretty spicy and a coconut one is on the sweet side.  I also ordered chips and guacamole and I couldn't resist trying the coconut bark.  If nothing else make sure and order that!  Sweet, crunchy, deliciousness!  They also provide sauces.  I thought the prices were very fair for portions.
3	Due to a recent incident at this restaurant, it was difficult to give an unbiased overview since I personally will not be patronizing this spot any more. But here's a quick breakdown:Food quality: ACreativity: B+/A-, yes it's a knockoff of Chipotle but the food is amazing and the executive chef's new handmade, preservative-free sauces are phenomenal.Cleanliness/quality of premises: AService/quality of staff (minus the owner): A I like the premise of this place: keep it simple, use a presentation that people are used to but with an island flair. And it works. There set-up is a lot like Chipotle: pick what style of food you want, choose your meats or opt for vegetarian and then pick your sides. And I must say, their Huli Huli Chicken and their steak are good and their Kalua Pig is amazing. And, as mentioned above, their Exec. Chef, I forgot his name, makes great/creative sauces regularly and there's a new one all the time.             I was definitely a fan of this spot and promoted it to everybody I knew. What changed? In short: the owner and his attitude/passive-aggressive demeanor. What happened: Myself, my gf and my brother went for dinner one night because I had been there 3 times prior and really wanted them to try it. We get there, order and everything is cool. Now, nearly every time I had come here, the sauce situation was different. The first two trips: they had like one sauce per table (a Pik-a-Pepper sauce I think) and the third time is when they rolled out these handmade creations. And each table seemed to have one of each of the handmade sauces. This particular time, none of the tables around us had any sauces on them. Since the sauces were like 40% of why I wanted to come back again, I looked around and noticed a rack with several bottles of each sauce. I figured: hey, they switch it up each time...maybe they put them on this one rack so they have to waste ingredients making a bottle of each sauce for each table. So I go and grab them for our table. Cool. A minute later, another customer in the same predicament went to grab sauces and was informed that those bottles on the rack were for sale and that there are bottles floating around that say "Table" on them for customer use. Of course, I and my group felt bad. But right after, the guy come over to the table and before he said anything, we said "We just heard you tell them and we're so sorry...we'll pay for them. It's not a big deal, they're worth whatever the cost." His response: "So the wasn't big enough huh?" We apologized again as he was walking away. He came right back with a purple sharpie to right "Table" on our bottles, overtly suggesting that now he can't sell these and he has to use them for other customer. We apologized again and he said, with an obviously forced smile, "Don't worry. I'm the owner, it's my place. I just want my customers to be happy." We replied, "Are you sure, man?" He says, "Whatever makes you happy." I had been apologetic up to this point, but now knowing that he was manager kind of ticked me off. He left again, and then we looked at this sign...I kid you not...that sign was in like 10 pt font....we were the closest table to the rack and couldn't read it from our table. (Which btw, is not only bad for avoiding people misusing the bottles but also is a bad way to promote that your sauces are for sale). As we were finishing up, he comes back again with a new sign, still in 10 pt font, and put the sign ON TOP of the bottles, so nobody can grab them without seeing it. Seriously dude? We messed up, that was admitted and we were willing and able to pay for it so as not to cheat an up-and-coming business but your attitude and demeanor, for being the owner, makes us not only never want to come back but to warn the folks t o which we previously promoted your biz. If it was an employee that was rude, fine, I'd excuse it but I cannot bring myself to support a place when the owner was directly rude. Here's how it should have went down, even if we didn't offer to pay for them, you eat the cost of those bottles ($21), be cool about it since it was a genuine mistake, wait til we leave and then make whatever changes you need to. Instead, you have to eat the cost of those bottles anyways, but your passive-aggressive manner has now lost my business and others' as well. Your staff was amazing and really does embody the laid back and friendly island spirit...but you on the other hand...need to learn how to embody the "Mahalo" vibe that you aim to promote.
5	The service is FANTASTIC! Very personable and friendly. They even let you try the meat before you order on your first visit and the food is great!!! The chicken is very moist and flavorful next time I'll be trying the pork.
3	WHO: Those who are craving a "Hawaiian Chipotle".WHEN: On Sunday through Wednesdays, they are open from 11am-9pm. On Thursdays they are open from 11am-10pm. On Friday & Saturdays, they are open from 11am-11pm.WHERE: Located in the plaza on  Rainbow & Sahara.WHAT: If you are craving Chipotle, but with different ingredients, you may like this place! My friends and family have been raving about this place for the longest time ever, so I finally decided to try the so-called Hawaiian Chipotle because I saw a Groupon for it! (Thank goodness for Groupon!)The dining area is decently sized, and may possibly allow about 20+ people to sit and eat. It is definitely new and clean = +++.Overly excited as I am, it is my turn to order. The workers were totally great and helpful, asking if this was my first time at the restaurant, and they let me sample their different meats offered. After taste testing, I got half Huli Huli chicken and half Pulehu Steak salad, with Seaweed rice, black beans, grilled peppers (for an extra charge), sour cream, cheese, with their pineapple and also mango salsas. There were also 2 different types of dressings as well- and I chose to try both. The first was a Papaya Ranch, which was a creamy goodness. The other sauce/dressing was a tamarind base, if I can remember, which also was good and Tangy.For dessert, I had to try their famous Coconut Bark, caramel brittle with chocolate, and coconut sprinkled on top. It was a tad bit too sweet for me, but it was definitely OFF-THE-HOOK!
5	SOOOOOO GOOOOOD !!!!!!We ordered a salad with grilled fish, an order of tacos and a box of coconut bark.On the tacos we ordered 2 pork with pineapple verde salsa and 1 chicken with the tomato and Maui onion sauce. With the grilled fish salad we did the mango and corn salsa. The coconut bark was so good it almost made me weep.I'm ready to go back today and order it all again.
5	I love this place!!Very laid back environment there, and the food was really good! I like the Kailua pig, but everything else was good too. They let you taste all the meats before you pick. The coconut bark desert is also great! If you go in sandals/flip flops, you get free chips and salsa.
1	OK so I work in the restaurant business so I understand sometimes u have a bad day . So here we go (1) we called in an order and was given a price of 15.86 ..... when I get there its 18 and some change but I brought exact cash so I had to run back home and grab a couple more bucks . (2) when I get back in 5 min the price has went up go 21 and some change .  the girl behind the counter was like sorry we forgot to charge u for  veggies . (3) when I got home there was no rice in either of our bowls .  (4) the food was very bland  ! I mean how many time u gotta screw up something ??? I will say the mgr Jamie offered us a free meal  or money back but to be honest I'm going back to get my cash , I'll never eat there again   !!!!!
4	I'm I in L.A. or Vegas or maybe Hawaii???  LolEnjoying a kalua pork burrito while listening to some Beach boys and to top it off some coconut bark as one the best desserts I've ever tasted what do I have to say...Hang 10 Homiez!!!The only downer...the rice...need original white sticky rice...stay away from seaweed rice sorry homiez but overall good friendly service and good food.
5	I love this place! I first had Braddah's Island Style at this year's Bite of Las Vegas, trying the huli huli chicken taco and coconut bark. I was hooked and swore to myself that I'd have to come to the actual business.Until last night, I kind of put it on the back burner, but finally, I grabbed a few friends and was surprised to find this place was not busy and bustling on a Saturday night. First of all, it is very clean, and there is plenty of dining space. We were greeted so warmly and offered samples upon arriving.I have to say, I was very satisfied with my dining experience. Like many describe it, Braddah's Island Style is basically a Chipotle but with a Hawaiian twist! I have a weak spot for quick, customizable food served this way... Anyway, I love their creativity and I find that many combinations go well together! Their salsas are amazing, the meat--juicy and full of flavor, the vegetables--fresh. You just can't go wrong with your order! After gobbling up all of our food, we were greeted once again; the enthusiastic customer service was the cherry on top of a great meal!I think this place has plenty of potential. More people just need to know about it!
3	Tasty!It's the Hawaiian version of Chipotle.Fresh and you can pick your own toppings for your bowl, tacos, burrito or salad.What you Really Really Really need to try is their coconut bark.  It is freakin' Awesome!Service is really good and super friendly.  I'd choose this over Chipotle if this was on my side of town.
4	Overall I really liked this place. It is like Chipotle but with Hawaiian meats and sauces. I had the three taco plate with flour tortillas, two tacos were with kalua pig and one with huli huli chicken. The kalua pig was tender and not fattier than what you would expect and the chicken was juicy too. You pick what you want on it (seaweed rice, brown rice, lettue, salsa etc) and they don't charge extra (like Chipotle) for cheese or sour cream. I should qualify the Chipotle statement it is the same in that you pick meat, what you want and what you want on it but I am not a fan of Chipotle so this place is much better. On my tacos I had both the pineapple salsa and the mango salsa. Also, they had four different house made sauces to try, I didn't try the coconut one (that was the hottest) but my hubby said that it was pretty hot and he loves hot stuff. Also, we got the coconut bark. It was really sweet, good but not my favorite and I don't think I would get it again. Too much going on in the flavor profile and they didn't solidify their sugar while making it so I crunched down on granulated sugar. All in all a good experience.  I should have taken a picture but I was way too hungry and my hunger weighed out my priorities of posting a pic on Yelp - but I will say that the pictures the other Yelpers have posted was consistent with my experience. If you haven't tried this place yet you should give it a go. Cost of this place is reasonable enough too (about $7.00 for the three tacos) that it is definitely worth a try.
5	Wow! Came here based on the Yelp reviews and this place did not disappoint! It is like the Hawaiian Chipotle. The girl at the front was friendly and offered to let us sample the meats before we ordered. The pork and chicken is tender and juicy. I ordered 4 tacos each with different meats. 1 pork, 1 steak, 1 chicken, 1 fish. They used the recommended salsas which were all great. My wife had a salad and it was loaded with meat and goodies. If you go...YOU HAVE TO TRY THE COCONUT BARK! It is the perfect combo of sweet and salty.
5	Love this place! FINALLY some good food. I've passed by this place a few times, but never tried it.  So out of curiosity I came to yelp and based on the great reviews I went in for lunch the next day. I was so impressed with the menu, food taste, price, concept and owner. Chris was so friendly and truly has the Aloha Spirit within him. They offered samples, explained everything and gave suggestions. The Huli Huli chicken and Kalua pig tastes authentic. That was a great plus. The concept of having those delicious meats (Hawaiian Style) in a burrito or salad bowl is brilliant and healthy. IF you like Mexican you'll love it. If you're from Hawaii you'll love it. IF you eat healthy you'll love it. They also have a drive thru and also make their own hot sauces. This is my new favorite spot and I will let all my family and friends from Hawaii know about this place. I'm hoping it will be a stop for them, like Trader Joe's. This place seriously rocks, It's different!
4	I have been here twice so far and surprisingly, the food is pretty good! For a picky eater such as myself, the highlight is choosing what ingredients you want to put in your tacos, burritos, or bowl. I hate getting the "Sorry, everything is pre-mixed" or "I just asked the chef, they can't do that."It's very hard to find good Kalua Pork here in Vegas. Always either too dry or bland. Sometimes even watery, which is gross. I tried the Kalua Pork in the tacos and the bowl. Soooo delicious!! Tender, flavorful and juicy. This was honestly the best tasting I have had so far in this town! Impressive, knowing that the owner is not from Hawaii.Portions are huge, so definitely come hungry! I could only finish 2 out of 3 tacos the first time. The second time, I could only eat half of the bowl, and I didn't eat breakfast earlier or dinner the night before. The restaurant is clean and the employees are very friendly. The guy who looks like the manager or owner is always talking to customers and asking how the food is tasting. Nice to know that he cares!Next on my list to try is the steak or Huli Huli chicken. Hopefully they are just as good! Keep up the good work guys!
5	YES!This place is dakine!  I finally got to try this today and all I had to say to the lady when I was leaving was "See you next Thursday!"  This place is so friendly, I want to call the people there Auntie and Uncle.  I like the local accents, I miss living in Hawaii.  The people here are SO FRIENDLY!I got the Burrito with Flour Tortilla, Kalua Pig (Hooo!), Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Cabbage and Lettuce.  For Salsas, I got the Mango & Roasted Corn and Tomato W/ Grilled Maui Onion.This place so uno broke da mout! Yah, really.  I also got some desert - the coconut bark.  Wow, it was really good.  The sauces they have at the table were good. My favorite was the mild and hot one.  The other two were too sweet for me.This place is awesome, I am so happy I tried it. I even want to eat there again tonight, but this time bring my wife and kids.  The Kalua Pig was perfect, I loved it.  The seaweed rice is brown rice with some nori in it.  Very delicious.  Black beans and corn is my weakness... Winning combo.This place has Hawaiian Sun canned drinks and a soft drink station that has Light Lemonade. I did get a chance to check out the bathroom too since the table sauces got me all sticky.  Place is nice and clean.  I love this place.  Great way to start off the year.  This goes instantly in the lunch rotation.You guys need to open a place further west... like Tropicana and Fort Apache or Charleston and Town Center. You'ld make a killing and I'd never have to buy groceries every again.
1	This is the second time I went here. The first time the food was AMAZING. Huge burritos stuffed with ever topping. The people were so nice and friendly. This time. Well the people were not mean, they just were blah. They were not friendly or welcoming as I was used to. The burritos were made skimpy and they were bland. Barely any beans, barely any meat, barely any cheese and sour cream. The only thing it had ALOT of was rice and lettuce, which I get are fillers, but if that is all I can taste I am not willing to part with my $7. The bark was delicious as always. I live all the way on Fort Apache and I am sorry it is just not worth the drive.
5	Went for lunch today. Delicious, fresh food. Tacos were crispy. The burrito was very large and good. Tacos are regular size not the tiny ones you see everywhere.You can choose what you want in your meal. Very friendly people who work there. Clean place also. Opening soon in Centennial area. Good! Will try the rice bowl next visit.
3	Eh...just ok.  It isn't authentic in my opinion, but i have to say the staff is very friendly and I always like being greeted with an "Aloha!".
3	Eh, I would have rather had Chipotle. I don't think any of the meats were anything special. The pig was too wet and the steak was too sweet. The chicken was just chicken (honestly didn't taste too different or have a different mouth feel from the chicken at El Pollo Loco). It was okay, but I don't think I'd make a special trip to it if I were visiting Vegas from somewhere else.
3	I feel uninspired to write this review. The people here are so nice but the food is mediocre. If I were feeling sad, I could come here and feel better because of the friendly staff. But if I want amazing food, I'd go elsewhere. I've tried the chicken tacos here. The ingredients tasted fresh. But like everyone has already mentioned, it's a Hawaiian Chipotle. They do have a saving grace: coconut bark. Coconut bark is good and I don't even like coconut anything. It's toffee with chocolate and coconut shavings.
5	Had a huli huli chicken burrito, very tasty but a little salty. The Kalua pig is great. Like a Hawaiian version of Chipotle, but a better value.
5	Love love love this place I met them at Bite of Las Vegas in 2013 and the good is so delicious and you have to get coconut bark!! So addicting!! The staff is great and it's over all amazing !
4	A bunch of reviews refer to this place as the "Hawaiian Chipotle"- while there are some similarities, I have to say, that's selling this place short!Like Chipotle, you order by selecting your protein and choosing a bowl, burrito, tacos, or salad. You also have a lot of similar add-on options like black beans and grilled veggies, and later, an awesome guac.Like Chipotle, the protein options here are tasty- but I can find a chicken burrito on nearly every corner. I can't find huli huli chicken or kaluah pig very easily at all- and here, both are phenomenally well done!But what makes this place really stand out, in addition to the tasty island flavor, is the service- when I walk into a place and am greeted by the owner himself, it means something to me. Chatted with the guy for a bit and he is clearly dedicated to this business and it's success- this is not another place where the owner is MIA and leaves a manager in charge of running things. He's right there, interacting with everyone who walks through the door. Major props.And the food doesn't disappoint! I was offered samples of the pork and chicken when I walked in- both were delicious, but I ultimately went with the kaluah pork salad bowl, lite on the seaweed rice, plus black beans and grilled veggies, both the corn salsa and the tomato/onion salsa, a sprinkle of cheese and cilantro, and a side of guac.It was amazing. The meat is tender, plentiful and flavorful, the veggies are fresh and not overcooked, the corn salsa is mild and adds a good extra punch to the dish, and the tomato-onion salsa adds a tiny bit of heat. Don't be turned off by the "spicy" label, it's not bad at all. And the portion size is humongous. I can put away quite a bit of food, but only half of my salad. I used my fork to take additional scoops of guac every few bites, and it really added an extra dimension to the dish- the bright acidity and slight saltiness were great.If you look closely, up by the soda dispensers, there are various bottled sauces and salsas to add that extra bit of island flavor to your dish- and they're not just a selection of various bottles. Oh no. They're Braddah's Island Style-brand bottles with what I can only assume is the company's own sauces- a pineapple jalapeno one added a splash of sweetness and spice to mine, but I steered clear of the mango habanero- sounded like a dangerous territory for my tastebuds!All in all, I'm very pleased with this place. Props for the great location, too: several tourists and visitors leave the strip to get to Hash House, which is just on the other side of the corner. It stands to reason once this place builds up a reputation, that they'll be getting some of that traffic, too!Gonna have to try the huli huli salad next time. Grab a Yelp deal for half-off trying this place- if your experience is anything like mine, you'll be back. A final note to the owner: you're doing it right, keep it up, this place is great!
5	Taco shells stayed crisp on the drive home and even to the last delicious bite.  They were delicious!  That is the highest praise I can think of.
4	Seriously ono!  It's like a Hawaiian Chipotle.  Bowls, tacos, burritos and salads pack a serious aloha punch to your tasty buds.  The meat/vegetarian choices include huli huli chicken, kalua pig, pulehu steak, grilled fish, or veggies.  My personal favorite is the grilled fish, which is packed full of flavor despite the nondescript name.  Now here is where it gets interesting, you get to choose one of their yummy salsas to top your creation.  Their current salsa list includes charred pineapple verde (mild), mango/roasted corn (med), or tomato/grilled maui onions (spicy).  My favorite is the tomato/onions salsa, however I wouldn't call it spicy by a long shot.  All of the other standard toppings are available, such as cheese, sour cream, lettuce, beans, etc.  They also offer jalapenos, which is a nice surprise!My only complaint is their rice, it's quite dense and heavy.  I wish they offered a choice of something fluffier.If you're not too full, you must grab some of the coconut bark dessert.  Screw it, even if you are full just grab some for later.  Be warned my friends, this stuff is more addictive than crack!Braddah's often runs Groupon and/or yelp deals, so check both before you go to save a few bucks.
5	Braddah's is catering our upcoming wedding and they have been SO amazing to work with. They are working with me to create the perfect build your own taco bar and it has been a completely stress free and awesome experience. And SUCH good prices!!!! I've had the food and it's delicious, the huli huli chicken and the kahlua pork are tasty and succulent. And the coconut bark - OMG words cannot describe it's tastiness. Definitely try it. I love supporting this place because it's a true mom and pop joint... not a giant faceless chain.
3	Tip:  if you're driving at night along Rainbow blvd looking for this place, just look for the big ass Harley Davidson shop.Got 3 bowls:  Kalua pig, steak, and huli huli chicken.All the meats were nicely flavored and tender.  My favorite by far was the steak.  Steak had nice crisp edges while remaining juicy throughout every bite.Huli huli and kalua pig both had nice light smoky flavor.Only bummer was the seaweed rice.  It was hard and kind of dried out.  Grilled onion salsa and pineapple salsa were delicious.  I mixed that in together which distracted me from the hard rice. The bottled sauces on the counter were unnecessary.  I tried them anyway but didn't do much to add .  In fact, they probably take away from the flavor of the delicious meats.  Definitely able to create a well rounded meal if you add everything they offer.Coconut bark - yummy.  Nice and chewy - sticks to your teeth so you can enjoy it a long time.  Don't forget to brush!
4	I like the idea of a Hawaiian twist to Mexican food! I had the 3 tacos with huli huli chicken, beef and fish. I liked all three of my choices. I chose the pineapple salsa and the tomato  with onion. My favorite was the pineapple. The only thing I didn't like was the choice of my taco shell. I think next time I would like to order soft tacos instead. The hard taco shell was really bland. We couldn't leave without trying the chocolate coconut bark! It was good but since I'm highly sensitive to salt I couldn't eat so much. It would be cool if they had some lightly salted selections.I definitely would love to go back and try some of their bowls!
1	This is a taco/burrito joint.  And it was a disappointment.  The pork was dry. The chicken was dry and tasted only of ginger.  The rice (especially the seaweed rice) was dry and crunchy.  The service was slow and the owner seemed extremely bothered that we wanted something even resembling island-style plate lunch.  Admittedly, we used the yelp mobile app to find it, saw the reviews, and dropped in without researching the menu thoroughly.  But with a name like Braddah's, you'd think it would either have a relaxed, comfortable atmosphere or plate lunch (preferrably both).  It had neither.  The food was bad enough we didn't bother finishing it and the owner's attitude was bad enough we couldn't wait to get out of there.
4	The pork they use is fantastic. Tastes just like when I was in Hawaii.  Really enjoyed the burrito. I've only had one bad experience here. Went late at night,  the rice was old and hard and the guacamole was completely brown,  like it had been out for awhile.  Good greasy food otherwise. I definitely recommend this place.  Be sure to try the coconut bark. I'm hooked. The service is always friendly and appreciative of the patronage. Tacos had a lot of grease, but flavor was perfect.
4	I had a little amount of time before an event and I was extremely hungry, so I quickly referenced my trusty Yelp app for something that wasn't just fast food. That's when I found Braddah's and was even more pleased that they have a drive through window! The simplicity of the menu definitely made it easy to order quickly, which is a nice change from most drive-through eateries.STEP 1: Burrito (flour or wheat tortilla), Rice Bowl, Salad, or Tacos (3)STEP 2: Huli Huli Chicken ($6.95), Kalua Pig ($6.95), Pulehu Steak ($7.60), Grilled Fish ($7.50), or Grilled Veggies ($6.25)STEP 3: Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Grilled Veggies (additional $1.25), and/or Guacamole made with Hawaiian pink salt (additional $1.65)STEP 4: Charred Pineapple Verde (Mild), Mango & Roasted Corn (Medium), or Tomato with Grilled Maui Onions (Spicy); Salad Dressing - Papaya Buttermilk Ranch or Roasted Sesame GingeretteSTEP 5: Sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno, cabbage, lime, cliantro, and/or bean sprouts.Since I was traveling, I opted for a Kalua Pig Burrito with rice (I'm not sure why they call it "seaweed" rice, but it's plain ol' sticky white rice), beans, medium salsa, lettuce, cabbage, lime, and cilantro. It's a really good sized burrito and it was very good of them to cut it nicely in half without having to ask. I really enjoyed the flavor from the Kalua Pig and it was done nicely - tender, juicy. Everything else accompanying it was fresh and added crunchy textures with additional flavors.I'm not a fan of Chipotle, Cafe Rio, or similar "Mexican" build-your-own tacos/burritos restaurants, however, I really appreciate the Hawaiian-style meats and fillings. I'm sure the rice bowls are good as well and I'll need to try their other meats. I've heard a lot of raving about the coconut bark, so I will try that next time!
5	Delicious food, great service, way cool atmosphere.  Feels like Maui...in Vegas, baby!After sampling the grilled fish, Huli Huli chicken, Pulehu steak, and Kalua pig I chose the Kalua pig Bowl with seaweed rice, award-winning guacamole, and the charred pineapple salsa verde.  I also tried all four of the toe curling sauces.  They are all good, but my favorite one is the coconut colada sauce.  I bought a bottle of each plus a box of the coconut bark to take home.  Everything is tasty - can't wait to go back!
3	Despite the other raves about this place I find it just all right. It's good but not something I'd go out of the way for. I guess I end up comparing it to Chipotle, and in comparison I like Chipotle better because the flavors are bolder and the portions are bigger there. I want to try the grilled veggies but I don't really want to pay more for them because it's already pricey to me. I will need to at least go back and try the dessert.
4	We stumbled upon this place while looking for a lunch spot after hiking one afternoon. Upon entering we were welcomed by a very friendly staff who asked if we had ever been there before and when we said we had not, they offered us a sampling of some of their meat options - kalua pig and huli huli chicken. After reviewing the menu, you will immediately be able to tell that this place reminds you of other burrito, bowl, and taco places where you can build your own meal, but this definitely comes with the aloha flavor. Step 1 - Choose your setting - burrito, 3 tacos, bowl, or saladStep 2 - Choose your meat - huli huli chicken, kalua pig, pulehu steak, grilled fish or grilled veggiesStep 3 - Add rice, black beans, grilled veggies (extra charge), guacamole (extra charge)Step 4 - Choose your salsa - charred pineapple verde (mild), mango & roasted corn (medium), tomato with grilled maui onions (spicy)Step 5 - Add more toppings (included) - sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapenos, cabbage, lime, cilantro, bean sproutsOverall, I was very satisfied with what I got. The meats are flavorful and the portions are good for what you are paying for. They also have a number of other island flavor sauces that you can add as well - their version of hot sauces. Looking forward to the next time I can go back to try some of their other options and I've heard their dessert is very good too.
5	Just wanted to swing by and say: YEP. The steak and fish are as good as the other meats! Need to keep some of those brand-name hot sauces on the table though (they've been replaced by "house" only bottles, which are very mild).
4	It was my first time here. Not bad at all.. They let you try samples of the food too. It reminds me of a chipotle but with a little Hawaiian.
3	The famous Hawaiian Chipotle. I finally was able to give it a try. First and last. I'd rather go to Chipotle.I was sampling meats before I ordered anything. At first, it seems fine. It's tender and has some flavor that's interesting for a moment. I order a bowl with who-cares-what and have a seat. I immediately realized the meat's hint of flavor had worn off. It was just meat, in a bowl, with some brown rice (kudos on this by the way). The novelty Hawaiian factor was gone.But wait! There are bottles of all these hot sauces made in house! Maybe that's the key. They certainly sound interesting with their tropical flavors like "coconut something" and "guava something." What they should all say is "wound-searing spiciness is here." I appreciate the try at making some unique options but the potency of the "hot" part was too much.Again, I'd just go to Chipotle. You know what you're getting yourself into there and there's more attention to detail regarding the quality and sources of their ingredients. The whole Hawaiian flavor factor just isn't strong enough. There's no differentiation from the mundane while you're paying for the exceptional.
3	Pork is really good.  Highly recommend!  The girl who took my order was really kind and helped me with my order.  I ordered pork salad, chips and guacamole, and coconut bat.  Problem was they forgot my dressing as well as my guacamole.  I called them 2 just let them know.  The gentleman who answered the phone said the dressing is in the salad?!?  How is that possible?  They never asked me which one of the dressing flavors I wanted.  They also forgot 2 give me my guacamole.  The gentlemen said it happens at chipotle and quadoba.  But I don't care about them!  I care about this restaurant that owes me guacamole!!!  He said well we offer good food at good prices.  My guacamole and chips were $4 and some change!  They didn't offer 2 give me another order of guacamole.  They basically said oh well and maybe we'll see u again ??!?  Well if that's your attitude, I probably won't see u again nor recommend u to any of my friends, family or coworkers at the casino..  Too bad cause u guys have a unique taste.
5	Dang delicious food. A must try!
5	Exceptionally good Hawaiian fusion food. The sauces are amazing and the coconut bark desert is addicting. I hope the expansion plans go well and would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
3	The service was great.. The food it's good different flavor set up kind of like Chipotle but I do prefere Chipotle.. I will come back and give it a second chance..
4	This place is basically a Hawaiian Chipotle with a drive thru. That being said. It's really good. First the service. The girl at the counter was fantastic and so helpful. When she found our it was my first time, she immediately offered me a sample of pork and chicken (I also tried the fish). I ended up getting a fish burrito. It's delicious. They give you the option of white or wheat tortilla (why hasn't chipotle figured that out?) which is great. I ended up getting as spicy a burrito as I could. My only issue is that the only hot sauces available are mild and medium. I of course wanted something hotter, but all in all it was a good experience. I wish I'd seen the Yelp deal, but there's usually a Groupon so no worries.
5	This is fast food.... That being said, it is very best fast food I have ever had. The staff was very friendly and the food was outstanding. Meat was slow cooked and tender. All food was very fresh. Sauces were original and flavorful. I signed up for yelp just to review this restaurant. It is excellent and worth a try. Meals were very inexpensive. About $6.95 filled me up and was the quality if a $16 meal.
5	Can I be totally and completely honest with you guys? Okay, well here is my confession... I think I am in total LOVE with Braddah's. Why you ask? Well good question I say.I LOVE Braddah's because all their food is made fresh daily (and I do mean everything). You can customize your burrito, taco, and salad bowl the way you like it. Everyone is just so darn friendly that works there you want to stick around long after you consumed your meal. Minh and I arrived here on a late Thursday afternoon for some lunch. We were looking to stick to the healthy side of things. Walking in we were greeted immediately by not only the girl behind the counter but also by the owner Chris. We were asked if we have been to Braddah's before we both said no. The lovely cashier then explained to us their menu and gave us a sample of two of their popular meats (Huli Huli Chicken and Kalua Pig) wow the flavors were mouth watering making me want more! But how can I choose! So instead of ordering their "popular" meats I decided on trying their Pulehu Steak (which I think should be on their sample list too). Chris was so kind that he stopped what he was doing and came over to make my bowl (which I did not expect) I ordered a salad bowl: Pulehu Steak, Black Beans, Romaine Lettuce, Cheese, Lime, and Guacamole. There are also three kinds of homemade salsa to choice from since I did not know which one to choose Chris gave me a little of each in my bowl to try. (I loved all three of them)We also ordered their Award Winning box of coconut bark to take home with us.The dining room was super clean and every table was well stock with napkins. On each table, they have flowers, which is a nice touch and made my photo taking even better. I can't tell you enough times how amazing and flavorful my bowl was, I also can't tell you how happy Minh was with his food either! This is one of the best gem's Vegas has and I am a little jealous that we do not have a location out here in OC.I was full, but not that overly full feeling that you usually have after eating umm let's say cough chipotle cough. I even had enough room to break open that box of sweet coconut bark.Oh tasty sticky gooey slice of heaven where have you been all my life? Minh and I both had a slice and then decided to save the rest for later that night! Mahalo Chris and Braddah's for making us feel like your ohana! We look forward to spreading the word of your wonderful restaurant to others and cannot wait to come back soon!
4	This place is pretty darn good, it's a fusion of Mexican style Hawaiian food. It reminds me a lot like Zabas with a Hawaiian twist. The portions are perfect for the price and the Coconut bark is delish!! It seems like the best bang for your buck is in either the bowl or the burrito. The tacos seems like you get less of everything but pay the same price. I love the chicken and steak with grilled veggies. If I could make a recommendation it would be to add a Mexican style hot sauce or salsa.
5	I love Braddah's! The food is delicious & the people that work here are super friendly.
3	As mentioned previously, a family owned and operated food joint is always exciting to try! Scored an awesome Groupon and went on our marry way with a couple coworkers. We were roughly greeted by whom we later came to find out was the owner. He appeared to be friendly, in his nice minions t-shirt but when my coworker asked for the "pork bowl" instead of the "pig bowl" he snapped at her and in a very sassy tone said; "read the menu! What does it say?!?!" Oh, ops! "Sorry." "Pig Bowl."....yikes. Then, I asked for the "Huli Huli" and got ripped a new one for not specifying if I wanted tacos, burrito or bowl! :-/ at this point I'm scared to ask anything and afraid to present my Groupon. After surviving the ordering part, we proceeded to find a table. Clean establishment, I must add. Later; Mr. Minion t-shirt man came around asking how our food was and appeared to have a complete different attitude. (Yay to him!) Huli Huli Tacos were awesome and tasteful. Chicken was tender and flavorful! What was strange was his center pieces brochure thing where he offers "Free Guacamole & Chips" if you take a picture of your toes and post them on Facebook...Mr. Minion T-Shirt man confessed he has a toe fetish...Ummm...ok. Weird. But food was good! Yes- I would probably go back.
5	Food was perfect and Carmella was so nice and let us taste a few items before we ordered. My new lunch spot!
5	Awesome customer service and wonderful food. My two favorites are the huli huli chicken and the pulehu steak! Will definitely be going back.
5	Hawaiian food that's served Chipotle style! Cowabunga Dude! Hawaiian cuisine is my comfort food for the lazy days lounging around in my pajamas watching Magnum P.I. on my VCR. Sarah told me this place opened up recently and I was anxious to try some Westside Vegas Hawaiian grub.Outside the building looks like an old Wienerschnitzel but inside it's clean and full of island flavor. Service was laid back and nice just like the islands. They let us sample some meats and the Kalua Pork won over my taste buds. The owner Chris was a friendly guy!Kalua Pork Bowl - The seaweed rice is a genius idea. I'm glad it's brown rice too! The pork is better than many Hawaiian restaurants I've been to which cost twice as much. The sauces they offer were great. It's an awesome filling bowl packed with great contrasting flavors.Don't forget some coconut bark. Sure it's cold and firm when it's first taken out of the fridge but once it warms up, it's a Maui honeymoon in your mouth. Chewy gooey goodness.I like the little touches such as the stickers on the food containers and other odds and ends around the decoration of the place. Sure it's fast food, but it's gourmet island fast food and I'm all over it.
5	My coworker and I go here at least once a week for lunch. Everyone who works here is friendly, especially the owner. If you tell them it is your first time they give you samples of everything. The pig is the best! The flavors are delicious and one of a kind. Salsas could be a little more spicy, the hot isn't all that hot. But they have bottled sauces that heat it up a little more. Everyone needs to try Braddahs.
5	Hey everyone this place it's amazing it's like a Hawaiian chipotle!!! Me and my girlfriend ate here late at night with a big group and the service was so nice and inviting for this type of restaurant. We had a bowl with huli huli chicken and the coconut bark witch was amazing. Great place, good service good food!
5	I'm obsessed with Braddah's. I've eaten there three times in the past week and it is amazing!The first time I had Braddah's, my boyfriend schlepped from his office clear to my place (about a 1/2 hour drive) with Braddah's takeout. Even a half hour later, the food was amazing. I was hooked. He brought me a Huli Huli chicken bowl with the mango-corn salsa, seaweed rice and black beans - the perfect post work-out meal. The next time I had it, I went to the actual store on Rainbow & Sahara - excellent, quick service, a clean restaurant and very friendly employees. Try their hot sauces - the guava one is to die for, and everything is homemade, bottled and labelled by the owner. They even have a drive-thru which, while I haven't been through it yet, is just a fantastic idea. Healthy food on the go that's not freakin Subway? Love it. Awesome local joint for a quick, healthy and delicious meal - I can't wait to see them open up in Green Valley/Henderson so I can get my Braddah's fix more frequently! My only suggestion to them? Start a stamp card program like Cafe Rio has - I feel like my boyfriend and I would have filled a few cards by now!!Quick edit to say - eat half a bowl and save the rest for lunch the next day. This stuff reheats deliciously.
4	Great food and staff were so friendly! Coconut bark....to die for! Had the steak on salad, very tasty! Kalua pig tasted authentic!!
5	All the meats are great and the owner apologized for not having anymore steak he then said, "if its not seasoned right, I won't serve it" .love this place and I'm from l.a., cali. And nothing was as good as this place wish there was one in los Angeles but I'm buying a burrito to go!
5	My husband had the Kalua pork bowl and I had Kalua pork tacos. Both entrees were delicious and the pineapple, lime, cilantro sauce on the side went with it very well. The coconut bark is AWESOME. Our cashier Nicole K. was very friendly and helpful. She asked if it was our first time there and gave us meat samples as soon as we got in line. She explained what was in all the salsas as well-- very friendly and helpful! We will definitely be coming back.
5	Yummee!  Fresh, fun and friendly..  Nice place for a quick bite while out and about.
4	Visiting from out of town and wanted to try something that I can't find on the East Coast. This fast casual restaurant was just what I was looking for. Service was very friendly and we were offered samples of the various meats when they learned it was our first time there. It was hard to choose between the pork and beef but I eventually chose a bowl with the Kalua pork and seaweed rice. It was filling and delicious.
5	Braddah's is basically the Hawaiian version of Chipotle!I got the huli huli chicken bowl with guac, nori rice, and corn. Everything blended well together and it tasted great! The portion is big for $8. My dad is from Hawaii so I'm glad I found a place that has huli huli hi ken and kalua pig that tastes like dad's cooking! I recommend this place to everyone! Mahalo.
5	There's this little thing called Love. And I really do love this place. I love the food, I love the atmosphere, I love the mahalo that they spread in return.It is not your typical Aloha grinds place but take Hawaiian eats like kalua pig, huli huli chicken, pulehu steak, grilled fish and mix it up with a serving style of something to similar to Chipotle and you have Braddah's.My go to eats are typically a bowl with a bed of seaweed brown rice, a mix of half huli huli chicken and kalua pig, black beans, cabbage, lime, jalapenos, bean sprouts, cilantro, and a mix of mango and roasted corn salsa and tomato with maui onions salsa. I also like to add on a serving of grilled veggies which costs you an extra $1.25. You could also choose to add a pineapple verde salsa, lettuce, sour cream, cheese, guacamole ($1.65 extra) and salad dressing options from either papaya buttermilk ranch or roasted sesame gingerette. I am a fan of both salad dressings too.And the kiddos are not left out here either. They have a kids menu as well that comes with a drink and chips, we also go with a nice cheesy quesadilla. You can opt for other options instead of a bowl, you can go with 3 tacos, salad, bowl or burrito. You can double your meat for around $2 I believe. The burritos are huge here FYI. You definitely get your money's worth.The food is solid. I might have to add a little salt and pepper to my bowl but I leave with a full and more importantly a very happy belly. Las but definitely least, the best part of my eats are the dessert. They have this amazing salty and sweet coconut bark and it is just love. pure love. They had a holiday bark around Christmas time which in my opinion was better than the regular coconut bark and I anticipate the return of it again. Either way the bark will break da mouth. It is that good.I think I am going to have to go again today after writing this review. I need some Braddah's.
5	I love Hawaiian food and this place did not disappoint. Everything is really customizable and their meat tastes great. I love their Kalua pork which seems to be the fan favorite. Their huli huli chicken is great too. As for the steak, it wasn't to my liking but it didn't taste bad. I didn't get to try the mahi mahi, which I probably should have.I had a Kalua pork burrito with seaweed rice, sour cream, cheese, etc. it was a really good size and filling for a good price.Next time I go it defiantly need to try the coconut bark. I've heard nothing but good comments on it.
5	I didn't know what to expect when my friend insisted we were going to a Hawaiian chipotle, I was dreading lots of mayo, poi, and spam, but I was more than surprised. We were greeted by the super friendly manager (owner?), he explained the selection, and offered suggestions. I really appreciated his positive energy, and could see he was passionate about the menu. I went in here with a very small appetite, but once we were given samples of the meat choices, I knew I had to have a full dinner. The steak defiantly stands out; amazing flavor, and soft. Nothing like the dry thin steak you see at other burrito type places. The salsa choices are creatively delicious. Pair the pineapple verde with the steak, you won't regret it. We were taking our food to go, but I noticed they had house sauces in small hot sauce bottles. I'm so excited to try those once I'm able to come back.Oh! And if you remotely enjoy chocolate, coconut, and what I think was caramel, you have to try the coconut bark! It's beautiful.
5	Unbelievably friendly staff (thanks Christopher!) and good, fresh food. Salsa medley a must have. I did 1/2 chix 1/2 pork burrito with ALL the fixings. So big it took 2 tortillas to wrap. Very fresh flavors. Next time I'll do chicken tacos. I'd recommend this spot. Definitely. Great location, CLEAN dining room, personal service and tasty grub. Thanks!
5	almost like chipotle, but better. same format but you get legit hawaiian meats like huli hulu chicken, and fried fish. their sesame vinaigrette is so good! and the chocolate coconut bars were tasty too. highly recommend this place. if you're looking for super authentic hawaiian food, this place is NOT IT. but it is a good mix of chipotle with an island swag. obviously, services is friendly as well. they're from hawaii! mahalo, braddah!
3	As it's been said a thousand times over, this place is along the lines of a "Hawaiian Chipotle" with an assembly line of meats, toppings and sauces that go within a burrito or salad bowl using Hawaiian inspired ingredients, and depending on where you would rank Chipotle in the spectrum of similar restaurants in its class (a solid 3 star pushing towards 3.5 for me), this place also falls within a similar status.  High points include the friendly staff since we were offered samples of the proteins prior to ordering and the meats themselves are pretty solid in texture and seasoning.  I noticed a one star review where the owner and customer got into a disagreement on whether or not an adult ordering a kids meal was able to receive chips/drink as stated on the menu, and not sure if that was handled properly since if it is not explicitly stated that the kids meal does not include drink/chips if ordered for an adult or that it is reserved for customers less than a certain age, not worth arguing over what is implied or inferred (owner may have won the battle, but lost the war since a potentially loyal customer and future referrals were lost over something trivial, and I doubt this scenario would come up very often since the prices on the regular menu are fairly budget friendly and there is a nice yelp deal available as well).I was initially leaning towards rounding this to 4 stars due to the fact that I like the concept and I'm always in support of local businesses, but with the ratings already a bit inflated and if I were to rate it honestly in terms of flavor, it's not quite there yet.  Everything on the menu seems to read better than they taste including the salsas and the little bottled sauces which were seemingly watered down and my palate was struggling to find them with each bite, even after applying them directly onto an individual bite.  Hawaiian food is all about bright and bold flavors with contrasting textures and colors, and I felt like it was Chipotle with a mere Hawaiian twist whereas I'd rather be commenting that this was like Hawaiian food served in the style and accessibility of Chipotle.  Perhaps since they are a budding new business, ingredients need to be kept within a certain budget, but I hope to see them expand to have more interesting options such as poke, opakapaka, korean short -ribs, or spam as additional protein options in the form of nachos or their burritos/bowls, and something with a wasabi or taro element since those are all popular flavors from the island.  I didn't get a chance to try the well-reviewed coconut bark, but I don't think it would be too difficult to imagine coconut, chocolate, and buttery toffee to be a winning combination.  If the owner is keeping up reading these reviews, you should feel proud that so many locals are supporting your product with 4-5 star reviews and building a local following, but I hope you're continuing to strive to improve and showcase your passion and homage to Hawaiian food and I hope to return at some point to dole out a few more stars.  For now, the bark is bigger than its' bite(s).
5	This place was awesome! Everyone was so friendly! I must of looked confused because I was asked if it was my first time! I got the steak tacos and told the guy to make it how he would eat it, it was soo good!!! The hot sauces they had were amazing such great flavors! You also have to try the coconut bark! It's so good! I'm hooked
4	In a city full of crappy fast food chains, its refreshing to walk into a friendly place with a unique offering that tastes good and won't leave you feeling like a McFatass afterwards. The meats are delicious and if you haven't been there before, they'll probably offer you a taste of a few so you'll know what to get. The portions are good and they are super friendly. You can tell they try hard to show that they appreciate your business which is why many people there were regulars. My wife is a total food snob and would never imagine going to any fast food place besides In-n-out (gets 'em every time, doesn't it?) When we walked in, her first question was, "is this fast food?" I mumbled something about giving it a chance. Well, we did and we both liked what we got and will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.
5	Mmmm, everything about this place was amazing!  The food, the atmosphere, and the service!  I love the idea of mixing the Hawaii locals favorites with that Mexican twist.  So far, I've tried the kalua pig (pulled pork) and the huli huli chicken bowls (gotta have the bowls!).  Both have great quality to them- the kalua pig has that perfect texture, it's not too wet but still very juicy and flavorful.  The huli huli was my favorite.  The chicken doesn't have that thick layer of fat lots of places like to keep on there, was all juicy meat.  All the veggies used were fresh, which can make or break dishes like these.  Now their coconut bark, mmm... It's sort of a soft brittle with chocolate and coconut.  Try it!!The staff really have that aloha spirit for ALL of their customers, not just the ones from the islands.  They also let you sample their meats in case you've never had them before!  I totally recommend this place!
5	Delicious food, great service. You can't go wrong no matter what you order. The steak bowl is great as is the fish. The sauces are all quite good I like the raspberry jalapeno and the spicy salsa the best. I dream about the seaweed rice mixed with everything. The kids meals are cheap and tons of food and the coconut bark is a great dessert think almond roca but instead of the almonds light coconut.
3	Not bad.  Seemed a lot more like Chipotle than Hawaiian anything, but food was pretty decent.
5	Today was my 1st time here & I loved it all. First, the gave me samples of their most popular meet; both the Huli Huli chicken & pulled pork was delicious. The best part is it's so much more healthier than L & L BBQ
4	Chipotle's Cool Hawaiian CousinFollowing a proven formula, Braddah's expands upon the Chipotle model with distinctive flavors, canned guava juices and wheat tortillas. I enjoyed the chicken and fish tacos, but there are plenty of other options as well. You can do a bowl, burrito or three tacos and apparently the dessert option of coconut bark is not to be missed.Friendly staff set a positive tone up front, but I have to admit that the fact that you just leave your tray and plates at your table seemed out of place, but was a nice enough touch. If I lived in Vegas, this would be a stand-by for a quick lunch or easy dinner!
1	Hawaiian version of Chipotle? Sure.... But it's not as good. Maybe it has something to do with me going at night? I didn't even end up finishing my bowl and I NEVER do that. Usually if I don't enjoy something, I'll still trudge my way through eating it because quite frankly it's not that bad... Usually. I ordered the chicken bowl with all the fixings. The chicken was dry, the rice tasted like its been sitting there all day, and everything just had a strange taste to it. Like I said, maybe I went at a bad time... But unfortunately I'm not tempted to go back and try again. The coconut bar was pretty good though.
5	I have not Yelped in a while because quite frankly it has been a long time since I have been impressed enough to care... I AM IMPRESSED! And that is saying something because I am from Hawaii and my father has been a chef on the Big Island for 40 years. In short, I love this place. The only downside is that they do not have "Mac-Salad..." Kind of strange for a Hawaiian joint... However, the meats were excellent and I will bring my dads Mac-salad the next time I visit :)
4	This place is still great!I get the Burrito with Flour Tortilla, Kalua Pork, Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Cabbage and Lettuce.  For Salsas, I got the Mango & Roasted Corn and Tomato W/ Grilled Maui Onion.Coconut Bark - Awesome!I went here with my wife about two weeks ago for some dinner. We came around 8:00pm.  I have to admit, this time I was screaming and dying inside.  I didn't get as big as a portion as I normally do with my Kalua Pork.  The food was still good, however I was a little disappointment.   Consistency is key here.   I will give this place another try again, this has to be a fluke!
3	Yea!  I finally tried Braddah's Island Style.  And I so wish I could like it as much as four stars but I'm not sure that I do.  I'm really on the fence with this one.  Lets start with the positives.  Upon entering I was offered a nice Hawaiian style welcoming into the restaurant.  Mahalo to them for that.  I was asked if it was my first visit and I said yes.  With that I was offered a sample of the kalua pig and huli huli chicken.  Both were very good though I don't always care for pork.  This was on the oily side but still had a great initial flavor.  It is the porky after taste I don't care for.  The chicken on the other hand was a stand out with a sort of sweet and salty taste with a hint of grill char.  So I selected the huli huli chicken to fill my burrito.  When I ordered a burrito I was disappointed to see a generic Mission brand flour tortilla pulled out of the bag.  I mean seriously $7 for a burrito in an 8 inch tortilla?  It turns out they ran out of their usual jumbo tortillas.  So alright, I'll let this one slide.  Next came a very carefully measured spoon of seaweed rice (awesome flavor BTW) and an equally measured spoon of chicken.  It was a new guy making my order and he was being very cautious to the point of me feeling like I was getting ripped off.  But with the addition of the black beans, two kinds of salsa (roasted pine apple and corn varieties) and some shredded cheese I realized just how much was packed into this little tortilla.  There was so much in fact that it could not be fully rolled.  One of the burrito veterans came over for the assist and rolled an extra tortilla around the first and got a nice tightly tucked buritto.  When I reached the register I ordered a can of Hawaiian green tea and was asked if I wanted coconut bark.  I declined the bark as I don't even know what it is.  Not that it matters.  I am not a coconut fan any how.  So I paid and found a table in the corner and took my first bite of an Island Style burrito and honeslty I was not blown away.  Beneath the rice, beans and salsa the flavor of the chicken was lost.  I'm not saying it was a bad burrito but all together it lacked something.  The salsa could have been hotter.  I realize that I got the mild and medium salsas but there just wasn't much to them.  Mostly what I could taste in the burrito was the seaweed rice.  I do love the taste of seaweed so that was nice but overall it was nothing special.  My other issue is the limited menu.  They specialize in burritos, tacos, salads and bowls.  They also seem to have chips and guacamole.  What I really wish they had is musubi but I guess that doesn't quite fit their business model.  I think I will give them another try some time.  Perhaps I'll try another protien other than chicken.  It is my understanding they have steak and fish too though neither were offered as a sample.  I would like to give the steak a try though.  Perhaps I will appreciate the steak more than the chicken and bump up Braddah's to the four stars I know I want to give them.
5	The Huli Huli Chicken Salad was tasty light and fresh. Much better than the comparison to Chipotle. Service was friendly and quick. Cute Hawaiian themed atmosphere. We could use a place like this in California!
5	If you like island style grub, it doesn't get much better. My friend told me about this place several months ago and now I'm kicking myself for waiting so long to try it out. So far I have tried the chicken, pork and steak... I must admit, I LOVE them ALL! My boyfriend favors the steak with the corn salsa! I also love the chips and guac, but let's not forget the COCONUT BARK... OMG! I also like how friendly everyone there is... I will definitley be a regualr!
2	Im not sure it worked out right......I didnt really look at the price but i told the woman I saw the place on Yelp and she was very appreciative.  I told her I had a Yelp $10 coupon and she marked it "used".  I ordered two bowls and two drinks.  She said the total was $21.??   I was talking and helping with drinks etc and it didnt occur to me til later.   That would make two bowls and two drink more than $31.....could that be right?  It was good though.
5	Everything here is delicious!! And they have the friendliest staff around, makes you feel like you're in the islands, for sure! Totally worth driving across town for!!
5	In the mood for Hawaiian BBQ today and the ratings on Yelp said we should give this a try. Good call. Not your average Hawaiian plate lunch spot.  More like a Zaba's/Chipotle with a Hawaiian inspired tastes. When we arrived and looked over the menu we were asked if it was our first visit and would we like to sample the meats.  Of course we did.  A delicious seasoned chicken, Kalua pig and a teriyaki style beef. All were delicious and between the four of us we ordered each of the three. We ended up with two burritos and two bowls. The portions were very generous. The ingredients were fresh and cooked perfectly.  The bowls were served in real bowls with real silverware.  They do the busing of the table when you are through. I think that adds to the immaculate appearance.  The staff were so friendly and seemed to sincerely want you to enjoy your meal.  The prices were very fair.  It came to $10 per person with drinks. Quite reasonable for such high quality ingredients and preparation.  We also sat outside on a nice patio area with umbrellas and palm trees. Nice atmosphere and not too close to traffic on Rainbow. Excellent choice today.  We will be back and this looks to become part of our weekend lunch rotation.
5	Hawaiian Sytle Chipotle.  The coconut bark is a must try. They have special sauces for the tacos.  The spicy coconut sauce is out of this world!
5	Food was greeaat!  I had the steak while hubby had the pork,  food was flavorful and fresh.  I really loved the coconut bark too.  The guys there had a great attitude with amazing services.  will be back AGAIN
4	I have read and heard a lot about Braddah's and I've been dying to try it. Boy am I glad I decided to go here with some of my friends!From the time I walked in, I was greeted in a friendly manner by the staff and promptly asked if I had been there before. I haven't previously, and I was given a sample along with my friends to try their various meats. Honestly, when I tried all of the various meats, they were all so delicious... I had the hardest time deciding between the steak, chicken, and pork and I just decided on getting the chicken and steak, but the pork will have its turn in the future!The ordering style is identical to Chipotle. If you haven't been to a Chipotle, what you essentially do is tell the first person what kind of dish you want along with your meat. You'll go along the line and say what items you want and don't want on your dish. At the end of the line, you and the people making your dish have made your masterpiece! Just a reminder, just like Chipotle, if you get a burrito bowl, you can get tortillas on the side, which is a definite plus in my book. It seems like you can't pile it up as high as Chipotle, but the food is still nonetheless delicious. Take a visit if you're craving delicious food!
5	Absolutely one of my favorite lunch spots and the super friendly staff makes the experience even better. My favorite thing to get is a steak burrito with seaweed rice, lettuce, cheese, chile verde salsa, fresh bean sprouts, sour cream, guacamole, and then lime juice drizzled all over it. This burrito is so ginormous that it stands on its own. I never feel guilty when I eat here because nothing is fried. Okay, I do feel a little guilty when I have their amazing Coconut Bark, but its just so good!
5	Great food and a willingness to make a wrong right.  BRAVO~
5	Its always a plus when the service and employees are amazingly nice and friendly! The portions are huge and the food is DELICIOUS! Cant go wrong with this place!
4	Great concept, staff full of aloha spirit, and Ono grinds!  I've tried the Huli chicken and the steak.. Love both!  Oh and their guac is very tasty as well.  No they don't have a dollar menu, but you get what you pay for ;) I wish this business much success as I plan on dining here again & again when that crazy Hawaiian with a little spice craving takes me over.. Or for the best "fast food" dessert ever, Coconut Bark!
5	Just amazing food, fully customizable, and immensely satisfying. Check Yelp or Groupon for deals. My first time arriving here, the super friendly staff asked if I'd been there before, and gave me samples of their meats, and each was delicious, super flavorful, and unique tasting. This isn't your typical grilled chicken or steak, it's got FLAVOR! The Kalua pig was sweet and savory, probably the best pork I'd ever had. Definitely going back!
4	Always wanted to try this place, and finally stopped in...glad I did, because it definitely did not disappoint!!! The owner Chris, was there, and asked me if it was my first time there, and as it was, let me sample some of the meats. Love, love, love the kalua pork!!  Not salty or greasy....just right!!!!! I also love the options of having whole wheat tortillas and brown rice with or without seaweed. Took a couple of menus and passed them out to my coworkers....many of whom are from Hawaii. Only reason why I omitted a star was because on my second visit, I also ordered chips and guacamole, and for $4+, the little container of guacamole was disappointing, albeit delicious....but to have to scrape the bottom of the container after a few chips...other than that, the food is EXCELLENT!!!! They definitely do not skimp on the burrito!
3	Short: Bring a half off or 2 for 1 coupon. Questionable prices, but good food and decent service.Long: I want to really like this place, but it's not doing itself any favors.I came here since I've been seeing its coupons on several sites, and yelp had a $5 for $10 coupon up, so I snagged it and came here.I arrived a bit early, and they were still setting up. In the meantime, they offered me a sample of their meat and I took it up. I haven't had this type of service for a long time. Then they took my order. I got 3 soft tacos with rice and beans, and a drink. On my tacos I got Hula Hula Chicken, Kalua Pig, and Palehu Steak. All were very good, but a few problems: 1) If you order a portion of your mean to be the Steak or Fish, you get charged as if your entire order was that--which is extra. 2) The Kalua Pork, while the best meat here, tastes like it's bathing in lard (which is good, kinda). It's just saturated with liquid fat, so do avoid if you're on a diet!I only got salsa for topping, and I tried the three different--free--salsas they had. The pineapple and tomato/onion salsa were overpowering and I couldn't taste the meat with them in the tacos. The corn one was good. They would be great on anything else, just not with the meat. Leaves me questioning if I should have left them out.My biggest complaint of food is with the sides. I had rice and beans with the side, and they were TERRIBLE. The beans were like straight out of a can. I don't know if they make their own black beans, but they taste like any black beans you can dump from a can.The rice, while you can tell is made in-house, is the worse. It's some kind of white/wild rice with some of the shell still on it, with some "seaweed" spice. This would be great if it was boiled or steam loosely, if the rice wasn't made Japanese/sticky-rice style. By making it sticky, the rice turns to just globs of messy, weird rice. With Japanese sticky rice, this is great as the rice tastes clean, and "pure" (hard to explain). But with this, the rice tastes dirty and just unappetizing. AVOID these. Several other customers after me--more experienced--didn't touch them for this reason.I do have to give mad props for having apple juice on the fountain drinks. That's something I've never seen before, and I love apple juice!They do have two side sauces, which taste like concentrated artificial juice drinks with some hot sauce in them. While good, just doesn't sit right with me.The service, was meh~. You're served from the counter--Subway style--which means the meat and all the sides are sitting out the entire time, pre-cooked and all. Then, the service ends about there. You get your own drinks, and leave your plates on the table. For the price I would have paid--if not for the coupon I had--this would have been pretty bad.MY BIGGEST COMPLAINT: Price. I can't see spending $10.25 on what I got. Three OK tacos, terrible rice and beans, and a fountain drink, with little to no service, for $10. I just don't see it. I can dine out for that price, and get much better and more food elsewhere--just not "Hawaiian" style. With the $5 for $10 coupon I got from Yelp, it made it worth it, and I'm satisfied. I'm just moved enough to pay $10 for everything. Come here if you've got the groupons or Yelp coupon, or if you really want to try this place. Otherwise, I don't see the value in it.
3	Their burrito bowls are bountiful in size! The flavors were all delicious separately but the combination I ordered wasn't entirely complimentary. Cool concept, so I'll be back again but to try something new.
5	WOW!!! Absolutely delicious!! I hate trying new things because I'm really picky and I end up not liking new food, but I will definitely be back.  I got the chicken bowl with seaweed rice, mango salsa, black beans and grilled veggies.  Oh man, I'm in love with tha Braddah's lol...
5	Excellent food! Great new spot. Had the groupon which made it that much better. Staff was very friendly as well
4	We were pleasantly surprised by the size (large) and cleanliness of this relatively new restaurant that serves high quality fast food at more than reasonable prices.  We were given samples of huli huli chicken, kalua pig and pulehu steak by the friendly counter person.   We both agreed the pig was the way to go and shared a burrito adding black beans, sour cream, cilantro,  lettuce, guacamole (extra charge) and cheese along with  tomato with Maui onion sauce.  In addition we ordered a soda and quarter pound box of coconut bark.  This is fast food, but the freshness of all the ingredients sets it apart from the chains.  The coconut bark could prove to be addictive.  As we prepared to depart, the executive chef thanked us and proceeded to tell us a little (too much?) about his background and future plans which include opening another Braddah's in Centennial Hills.
5	Awesome place!! As everyone said the huli huli chicken and the kalua pig is awesome!!! I had the kalua pig in my buritto and that bugga was ono aka GOOD!!! Being born and raised in Hawaii its been a long time since i had great kalua pig. Wifey had the bowl with the huli huli chicken. Just like Quidoba where you choose what goes in the bowl. If its your first time they will offer you a sample of the kalua pig and huli huli chicken. Buggah is ono!! Highly recommend!
4	After following them on Instagram for some time, I decided to pop in for lunch with my son and sister. Right when we walked in, we were pleasantly greeted and asked if it was our first time there. We said yes and she asked if we'd like some meat samples. Whaa?! Yes please! She explained what each meat was and what our meal options were. Because of that I ended up ordering two types of meat instead! The flavor for all the meats were so rich and tasty! I ended up choosing the kalua pig and the pulehu steak in a bowl with a bunch of selections from their toppings bar including the yummy seaweed rice. The portion sizes were great and the quality of the food was perfect for their affordable pricing. We also ordered their "award winning" coconut bark and OMG! It's to die for! I'm not the biggest fan of coconut but this stuff is AMAZING! We ended up ordering another box to take home. I ended up meeting the owner as we were leaving and he was so humble and thankful for our service. We'll definitely be coming back!
5	LOVED this place. First read about Braddah's on the KNPR auction website. Didn't bid then, but regretted having missed that option so jumped on a chance to buy a Groupon when the opportunity arose. Finally visited the restaurant on Thursday night. Went with a group of 4. Each of us chose a different option--salad, rice bowl, burrito, tacos--and each was thrilled with his/her choice. In addition to the delicious food, we were impressed by the friendly, helpful staff. They offered us samples of the meats and accepted our Groupon without any issue. We will be returning again--and again.
5	This was my first time here. We went through the drive thru. It was an easy process. We also didn't have to wait long to get our food. I got the Kalua pig in a burrito. Pretty much everything in it with the tomato and Maui onion sauce. Got home and got settled. I took my first bite and it was amazing. The Kalua pig was amazing. I don't know how else to describe it. Each bite was just as good as the first. You must give this place a try! Definitely coming back to try the pulehu steak.
5	Great service and fantastic food. Yes, it was like a chipotle's but the differences where exciting. I fell in love with the coconut bark. I would recommend trying this place out you won't be disappointed.
5	First time here today..  I have to say the food is really good.. I got a chix salad. I definitely liked it l.  The set up really reminds me of Chipotle but a Hawaiian version I love it.. Coconut bark is the business
4	Found this place on yelp, we were fans of chipotle and now this is our go to spot! Service is always fast in the drive-thru, we never wait more than 5mins at the window. Steak & chicken is good, if you're not used to Hawaiian flavors it has a tad sweetness to it (a little like teriyaki) so if u don't like that flavor then go with the pork or fish. I usually get the salad bowl, they always give dressing with it but u don't need it if you're adding salsa and all the other add-ons. I recently just tried the salad dressing and if skip it! Tasted funny. And I always get the spicy salsa with Maui onion, I tried the mango salsa and it was disappointing just bland. The coconut bark is worth a try to see if you like it but the price is pretty steep for the size ($4 for a tiny box with about 3 small pieces) a $1 candy bar at the store might be a better deal lol but overall a good place to go. So minus 1-star for the salad dressing, size of dessert and prices is a tad high.
5	Love this place. They give u so much meat for the price of salad. Never has the bark and it was so good!
5	All I can say is mmmm the food was delicious I really enjoy the pulled pork  also the Chicken. the best part of  the meal was picking out  fresh ingredients to add to the bowel I think  the coconut bark at the end of the meal made everything go down a lot better will I try again..... Hell yeah this food rocks my husband is from Hawaii and gives it five stars the seaweed rice was outstanding.
5	Grew up in west Oahu so I know da kine!  The huli huli is small kine dry to me but I like choke sauce Bruh. Also the kalua pig was ono!
5	Always impressed. I was on my way to an appointment, and noticed this location (I just ate at the Centennial Hills location for dinner last night) and so With my daughters prompting (begging) we decided to stop by for lunch. The kalua pork is my favorite. I also love the charred pineapple verde salsa. So much yum. I made sure not to forget the coconut bark this time, and I was not disappointed. It's a chocolate salty caramel treat with a bit of crunch in the middle. Very rich, and a little goes a long way. Don't forget about the "hot" sauces! I love this place! And so does my picky daughter. Awesome restaurant! Oh, I almost forgot to mention the super friendly service. All of the staff are pleasant and helpful. Great find. :)
5	The service & food here are great. I have always gotten the salad but have tried the chicken, pig and beef. All are excellent. I love the corn salsa and the guacamole is excellent. I am in love with the coconut bark. The name is misleading, because I don't like coconut, but it's this caramel & chocolate bar with a touch of coconut on it. It is quite amazing and I have to keep myself from eating the whole bag. They always have groupons too, so anytime I can save $$, it makes it even better! Mahalo.
5	I enjoyed my salad, hubby had a burrito, it was amazing. They were really friendly, even offered us free samples.
3	It was OK.  Good for a yelp deal. Paid very little for a lot of food.  Wasn't my fav food I had while in Vegas but it was new and unique and hit the spot one afternoon we were out exploring looking for new eats!
5	This place is amazing! It was my first time here because I am on a job out here with my Vegas firms team and if its your first time, they personally bring you a bowl of all three meats for you to try. Their pulehu steak was my favorite! This place is like a Hawaiian chipotle.  They even have thwir own made salsas and sauces. Brilliant. I enjoyed it with my favorite-hawaiian sun :)
4	Food was very good. Staff very accommodating. Sauces are good but the bottle doesn't have a spout, just be aware. Definitely recommend and will go back.
5	I looked at the food options as I told the manager that it was my first time, and she took out a bowl and gave me a sample of each of the different meats they had - I didn't even ask!  Each was good, but the pig was juicy and awesome.  The seaweed mixed with rice was delicious, too.  They give you alot of food for the price, though I wish they didn't charge $1.15 for a small helping of grilled vegetables.  Still, the food was good and the staff were so much friendlier than I would have expected.  I look forward to going back!
5	Braddahs! The friendliness of staff, great service, and cleanliness of the restaurant ALONE deserve 5 stars. Braddahs is a great new concept!....... I'm not going to lie, I was not a fan of the food at first. The main one being that the actual temperature of the food wasn't piping hot like I enjoy. I think all of the veggies and cold salsas took away from the warmth of the meat. I had the HuliHuli chicken burrito with seaweed rice, fajita veggies, corn salsa, and guac. The chicken was seasoned well but it was a bit on the cold side for a burrito. In your defense we did come in about 15 minutes before closing and maybe I got the last batch of chicken.After much debate my boyfriend drug me back into this location (He's a HUGE fan of Braddahs) to give it one more try. I was honest with the young lady working and she asked lots of questions about what I did not like on my first visit and was determined to fix it..... she talked me into something different.This time around I had a three taco plate. 1 Kahluah Pig and 2 steak tacos and  OH MYYYYYY....... AMAZING!!!That Kahluah pig was perfectly seasoned, juicy, and tender, as was the steak. The tacos were very generously portioned out. Perfect!!!Thank you for making a believer out of me!P.S. The coconut bark is worth every single calorie. ;o)
5	A must try island style fresh fast casual with lots of delicious options and aloha..... and mahalo.  Their kahlua pork was like getting lei'd in a bowl of deliciousness.  Highly recommend chilling out in the cool clean island themed fresh fast casual.  Sounds of Hawaiian music will make you feel like you're at a luau.  Fantastic food and island style aloha service ya.
2	Had some take out from the Durango/215 location(formerly Sliding Thru) and the food was excellent.  Delicious, steak and kalua pork burritos...pretty big portions! My 18 month old daughter's kalua pork taco had so much meat, it was enough for 2 meals!!Not to mention extremely friendly staff! We were excited to come back. We figured "If take out was this good, maybe dining in would be even better!"Fast forward to today-We get inside the restaurant and discover that it's a Chipotle style assembly line kind of deal. No biggie...if the foods delicious, I don't mind!  We order bowls this time instead of burritos.  Big bowls...skimpy portions. Our bowl was BARELY 2/3 full. If that's your portion size...please get an appropriate size bowl!!  My daughter got the same taco from last week but  this time it was a pathetic, anorexic version of the one from last week. Maybe a spoonful of meat. They charge $3 for a kids taco and APPARENTLY $1 more for meat. That's $4 for basically nothing!  Not to mention the menu was confusing as hell in regards to the kids taco. I'm sure we're not the only ones to find it confusing and a bit of a rip off. Now what happened in a week to cause this drastic change? The staff wasn't nearly as nice as before. Although the manager did try to remedy the situation and gave us a refund on the taco.  The food wasn't nearly was good as before. Bland, and not very hot.  I'm especially bummed because this was our "cheat" meal after eating healthy all week. Last week I was going to be a regular customer...after today...not so much...P.S. Hawaiian food is supposed to  be tasty, big portions of deliciousness. The portions today were for the price they charge... Insulting...
3	Very friendly staff. Great service. The atmosphere of the restraunt is like going on vacation. I had a salad with the chicken. Portions are very large. The salad was ok but not great. Maybe i will try something else next time. But the friendly staff are very welcoming and the prices are reasonable.
5	Tried the steak, fish and kalua pig and the kalua pig was definitely my favorite! Great service & friendly staff! I'll be back soon :) oh and prices are very reasonable!
5	Awesome concept. The flavor of the hulihuli chicken was authentic. My wife had the pulehu steak bowl. I like that they only serve brown rice, with or without the seaweed. Super friendly service. The restaurant is clean, and the decor is like a vintage plantation house in Hawaii. The Coconut Bark is a must try. It is dangerously Ono!  Dieters beware!
5	Braddahs is a very friendly staff!! She let us taste test the food!!  It's so good, I had the bowl with seaweed rice with half Kalua and half steak with the beans and salsa!! Onolicious!!  You must go eat!!!
4	Two words. Coconut Bark. I reminds me of toffee, accept delicious, because I dislike toffee. A must try!The Staff is very friendly, and the food portions are generous. The style is similar to chipotle, or Zaba's Mexican Grill as you go down the line and pick your food options. The meat options were tasty. My Favorite by far is the Pork. Delicious and flavorful. The other meat options were not filled with gristle either, and this is a major plus for me. Chicken, steak, and fish are also up for grabs.  Finally, you can toss some sauces on the food to add some extra kick. I tried a raspberry hotsauce, and a pinapple jalapeno sauce. Both taste great, and do not overpower the food, but add to it as a compliment, unlike most hotsauces that take over the flavor..
5	This is by far one of the best places we have gone to eat in Las Vegas.  The burritos were great and BIG!!!!!  We tried the kallua pig and chicken and they were very tasty.  This just might cause us to rate Hawaiian as our favorite food edging out other favorites such as Mexican and Thai.  Overall - this was really good and can't be beat. You must try the bark.  It is incredible - and - out of this world!
5	Friendly people, great food, clean & inviting location.  Couldn't ask for more.
5	This is the only restaurant in Las Vegas where I can go and know that my food is going to be complete perfection for under 10 bucks! I have been everywhere and tried over 300 different restaurants in the united states and this is my personal favorite restaurant. The setup is simple and the food is downright fantastic! If i were to invest money in a growing restaurant that would go national it would be this one. The chicken is tender and juicy, the steak is marinated in an amazing sauce that makes the meat melt in your mouth, and the fish is pan fried to a nice caramel brown and flakes amazingly. The shells are nothing like anywhere else I have eaten tacos they too have a awesome flaky crunch about them. also this company makes awesome sauces that you can buy and go great on salads and other food you want to taste good. if you have not gotten over here you haven't tasted the wonder that this place will bring into your life! oh p.s. the coconut bark will make you wish you never bought it, its probably the best bark I have had ever as well.
5	First things...the coconut bark is SO BOMB! Secondly this place has amazing and fresh entrees. I'm coming back for sure.
5	This place is awesome! !!!!!! Great customer service.  And the pig is out of this world. Its the new Chipotle.
4	I ate here tonight and I was very surprised. I had the tacos and they were very tasty.
4	Braddah's offerings are similar to Chipotle, yet with Hawaiian twist. If you're a fan of Burrito Bowl at Chipotle, chances are high that you'll like Huli Huli Chicken Rice Bowl here.
5	Hearing that Braddah's was featured on Groupon, I quickly took the opportunity to snatch that deal. As a Hawaiian who's super passionate about food, it's didn't take long to hear about this place. My impression was that this was a Hawaiian joint taking a Mexican fusion approach. I wanted to visit this place to see how accurate that was. Rolling up to Braddah's, I thought it was super cute! Yellow awning type roof, outside seating with bright yellow umbrellas. I knew the inside wouldn't disappoint as well. The color scheme is green and yellow, a very common combo from my hometown on the Big Island. My past schools had the same color scheme and a lot of housing tend to represent the same combo. The walls were beautifully adorned with Hawaii prints, maps and other artwork. Hawaiian music played over the speakers bringing a laid back vibe to the restaurant. The staff was pretty young, but full of the Aloha spirit. Kenny, a long time employee is someone I met through the Hawaiian community here in Vegas and seems to really embody the Hawaiian mentality. It made me feel like I was visiting a place back home in Hawaii! The food choice was really creative! I felt like I was visiting the Hawaiian version of Chipotle or Cafe Rio! For step 1, you basically choose a burrito, bowl, salad or 3 tacos and take it from there. On this visit, I chose the bowl, topped with step 2, kalua pig for $6.95 and doubled with huli huli chicken for an extra $2.00. Step 3, I chose seaweed rice (brown rice with nori) and black beans, step 4 I went with the mango and corn salsa, as well as the guacamole for an extra $1.65. My last step, step 5, I chose toppings like cabbage, cilantro and a'a lava chips. As you can see, you're literally building a plate from the ground up. Lots to choose from and the food was awesome. The kalua pig was super smokey and really juicy! The chicken was flavored well and really tender. All toppings and elements brought that Latin flare and a refreshing component. The cabbage and chips helped to represent a crunchy texture. Truly a great dish! For dessert I had to get the small coconut bark for $3.95. It was 1/4 of a pound goodness! Chocolate, caramel, cookie and coconut layered to make a sweet delight. Great way to end this wonderful meal! Seeing the great deals they offer on Groupon AND Yelp, makes me wonder. Usually Groupon deals to me, means the place is trying to attract more customers. The food they offer, in my opinion, does not need all that hype. When you serve great food at affordable prices, people will just come. This place serves pretty amazing food if I say so myself :-) I live on the opposite side of the valley and after trying this place out, I'm definitely coming back again soon, no matter the distance. It was delicious! So excited they're going to be opening up a Maryland location!!!
3	I want to start off my review with -- YOU MUST GET THE COCONUT BARK! It's like the best thing I have ever eaten! Extra star is solely for the coconut bark!First time I heard of this place I thought.. Hawaiian Mexican fusion that's freakin awesome! I was pretty intrigued because I do enjoy both of these ethnic foods. & the pictures made my mouth water. It pretty much has a Chipotle feel to it. I got a chicken bowl w/ seaweed rice, mango roasted corn, tomato grilled maui onions and a ton load of lettuce. Although I did enjoy the meal I didn't give it more stars because after the meal I didn't feel like I wanted to come back right away. All i really keep thinking about was how much I want that coconut bark. & not so much the actual food they have. Next time I'm gonna go for the steak. NIeves D. gave me a lil sample and that was way better then the chicken I decided to go with.The staff is incredibly nice. The guy in charge defiantly hooked it up. Gave us free drinks & free coconut bark! YES!! The side door was wide open due to a crack on the glass so all types of bugs were flying in & I thought that was pretty unsanitary.
5	First time here and very impressed! The food was fresh and well flavored. Had the veggie bowl with seaweed rice, cabbage relish and jalepanos. Boyfriend had the streak and loved it!  Atmosphere was fun and relaxing! Will be back!!!
5	I'm going to go ahead and add my 5 star rating to Bruddah's collection. If you haven't tried the food here, you've been missing out. The steak - oh my, the steak.  I could go on and on about it. I don't know what they marinate their meat with, but I find myself craving the steak. It's incredible. Their seaweed rice, the salsas, the chocolate covered coconut bark.... Ahhhh!!! Why do you have to be all the way across town?! Rumor has it, they are adding more locations. So in the meanwhile, I'll have to trek it to the west side while eagerly awaiting a Green Valley location. Owner: Please come to Green Valley. I need more of your steak in my life. Period.
5	Very similar to chipotle but with a Hawaiian theme and tastes!  Well priced delicious food.  Try the coconut bark!
5	I LOVE this place!  Like other reviewers have said, it's kind of like chipotle but with an island feel.  The hard taco shells are delicious! They give you good sized portions and don't skimp on the toppings.  The guacamole is seriously one of the best I've ever had.  I would say it's better than chipotle. The coconut bark is a MUST! I don't even like coconut and I love this stuff.  The only thing I did not like was the steak.  But not because it wasn't prepared deliciously.  I just don't like sweet meat.  Other people that I've gone with said it's really good. Service is excellent.  The owner really loves repeat customers!
4	My ohana and I usually meet up for some grinds at Island Flavor, but we decided to mix it up and give Braddah's a try. We cashed in on the Groupon and crossed our fingers. When we arrived the place was empty, but it was cute and clean. The staff was super friendly and gave us a bowl with the different types of meat to sample. I immediately fell in love with the kalua pig. I decided to make a bowl with brown rice, kalua pork, black beans, guacamole, sour cream, cabbage, and lime. I am admittedly in love with Mexican food and always intrigued by Mexican fusion and this was absolutely delicious. The flavors worked really well together and the portion size was huge. I am a guacamole addict and they gave me such a large helping that I ended up sharing with my husband (and I never share my guacamole). I especially appreciated this because there was an up-charge for the guacamole. We were also lucky enough to try coconut bark and it was spectacular. It was the perfect dessert with the gooey toffee and the chocolate. Yum!This is a great fast food type option. The portion sizes are worth it and with Groupon and Yelp check in deals you can't go wrong. They even have a drive through! Support your local mom and pop shop and join the ohana.
4	With the yelp coupon it definitely helps out the price factor for me. The extra star is solely for their dessert. I honestly didn't see how the coconut bark could really be that great like how people rave about it but.... it's pretty dang good. I'd go back all the time just for that.
3	This place is a pretty good concept. It's a lot like Chipotle or Zabas... However, they give it a Hawaiian spin.The location isn't in the greatest of neighborhoods, but there are. 2 more locations you can visit.You order the type of rice, beans, meat and salsa you like. They have Tacos, burritos, and bowls. The price was very reasonable. Service was fantastic. The only thing I'd complain about, is that the bathroom was kinda dirty.I would recommend giving it a try, and judge for yourself.
4	Think of this place like a Hawaiian style Chipotle. It's a little ways off the strip, but worth it if you need a break from all the lights and action. I found  a nice Groupon for this place so I thought we could try it out while we were on our trip. We were greeted and offered to sample their meats before we created our meal. All the meat was pretty yummy but for hubs and I the steak really stood out. We got a bowl and a burrito, some chips, and coconut bark. The seaweed rice was yummy and overall I really enjoyed my burrito. They were really generous with the guac which made my food taste even better! The coconut bark was really sweet and definitely an extra treat. I probably wouldn't get this everytime but maybe once in a while. Thanks Braddah's! Hope to see you next time we're in Vegas.
3	After eating at this establishment a number of times, I must say that it's very eh. It's a chipotle influenced Hawaiian style restaurant . Every dish I've tried here was kind of bland, save for that strong seaweed flavor in the rice. I don't think I would ever have the desire to eat here again.
4	Food was good.   Greeted by the staff and offered a sample of their meats.   Decided on two burritos,  one Kalua pork and the other was steak.   Both burritos were very good.This place would've gotten 5 stars had it had Hawaiian music playing in the background to give more of a local style ambiance.   But people were really nice and food good so we'll be coming back. Two burrito,  two fountain drinks and small box of coconut bark with $10 off the bill.   Total $19 bucks
5	Soooo ono! Its like chipotle had a hawaiian baby, but better! Great food & service :) Every time I've gone in, i have never been disappointed. Very convenient location to go on my lunch break & i love the seaweed rice & coconut bark! Must try this place out.
2	Came here for lunch to try out before my next appointment. As some reviews had mentioned, it was like a hawaiian Chipotle. Step 1 - choose one -  burrito, bowl, salad, or tacos - Step 2 - choose one - meat (chicken, pig, steak, fish, veggies)Step 3 - choose any - seaweed rice OR brown rice, black beans, and grilled veggiesStep 4 - choose one- charged pineapple verde, mango & roasted corn, tomato w/ grilled maui onionsStep 5 - choose any - sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno, cabbage, lime, cilantro, bean sprouts, habenero, lava chipsMy combination was a burrito with the huli huli chicken, seaweed rice, black beans, mango & roasted corn, sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno. It was $6.95 + tax .. pretty similar to chipotle in pricing but a different taste. To be honest, i thought flavor wasnt really there. It was quite plain. The only thing that really STOOD out was the jalepeno. Surprisingly spicy despite a lot of other places with jalepenos werent really spicy lately. Aside from that, not much flavor in the chicken, not the mango and roasted corn salsa. Was expecting maybe bright flavors from the mango and corn but not really o.O Heard it may be because they are opening another location in the north side and the owner wasn't there for QC? thats kind of bad if quality is only kept up when managed.... May give it another try but with first experience... eh Lol
5	Good food, good service. The steak was delicious with guacamole. Very reasonable price.
5	I've been here on many occasions: hungry, drunk, hungover, sober, and just plain very angry-hungry.First time I've been here, I was like, "Oh Chipotle, but Hawaiian!" Yes, kinda, not really, No. Ok maybe the idea of building your own food is like Chipotle. But enough about Chipotle. Braddah's is better cause it's Hawaiian food!!!Step by step process is super easy and self explanatory. If you can't read, the employees will help you out. If you don't know what you want to get (meat-wise), they will give you a sample too. Food tip: GET THE KALUA PIG!!! You can do it as a burrito, bowl or tacos. BUT if you get the crunchy tacos, expect your tacos to get soggy.Pretty cheap if you get the Yelp Deal or Groupon. It seems like they always have it. Would come back here, again. Maybe come back here very hammered. JK. LOL.
3	We went to braddahs and I would say it was very good. This place can be compared to a chipotle grill. You choose from burrito, bowl, salad. I tried the bowl with everything in it and got the grilled fish. I will say that the portion of fish was only 2 ounces or so. The meat that my wife chose was the steak and she got plenty of it. The size of the bowl was nice and the options of toppings are more than chipotle with option like fresh cut habanero, bean sprouts, and pineapple blend. We ended our meal with a piece of coconut log which is caramel, toffee, chocolate slabs topped with coconut. This stuff is the candy version of crack.. It seriously is amazing and worth the trip alone. I give it a three star only because the fish portion was very small. The prices were sort of up there when you add Guac, and generally speaking the base food in which you order besides the Coconut Bark is generic as the Las Vegas area has thousands of Mexican food restaurants.
5	Always feel so welcome everytime we come in. The staff are great and the food is fantastic. Each bowl comes with more than enough to eat, that I have to get a to go bowl for my girl and I. I recommend everyone to check this place out. Also if you crave something sweet the coconut bark is so worth is!
4	Like a cafe Rio but Hawaiian style. Solid flavors for the meat. Good choice for 10 bucks meal.
4	As everyone else has mentioned, this is the Hawaiian version of Chipotle. No need to re-invent the wheel and create a different concept for ordering when it's effective. After eating here a couple times, I have to say that I prefer this place to Chipotle. I love the island flavors especially the huli huli chicken and kalua pig. Top it off with seaweed rice and pineapple mango salsa -- on tacos, burritos, or bowls -- and you have a clear winner in fast food.
2	Naming this place Braddah's, using kalua pig and "pulehu" steak really doesn't make it Hawaiian. Portions are large and flavors are ok, wraps were hard and cold, meats were dripping with grease. Part of the appeal of Hawaiian/local food restaurants like island sushi and island flavor for me is the atmosphere - it feels like home because of the food, music and people. This place was empty, silent, and the girl working the counter seriously didn't give a sh*t. It had a fast food mcdonalds type of vibe and I wasn't feeling that either. I would maybe go back to try the coconut bark, but otherwise - pass. With that said, I could easily see this becoming a small national chain. Calling steak pulehu (means grilled) sounds exotic I guess. People seem to like being adventurous without really being adventurous if that makes sense.
5	Super friendly service.  It was my first time there and they offered me a sample of some of the meats.  Things were off to a great start...I went with a bowl with Pig and Beef, both were delicious!!  I got a ton of veggies in my bowl, so I was feeling pretty healthy with this meal.  Everything tasted great.  The inside is nice and clean and there are outdoor tables (but it was 110 outside, so I opted to stay inside).They also had Dr. Pepper as a drink selection, that is ALWAYS a plus!Everything was fresh, the portions were large.  They also offered a yelp deal and that was the way I found them in the first place.The friendly and helpful service was definitely appreciated.  Very well trained staff.I'll be back the next time I'm in Las Vegas.
5	Everything was great! Service was friendly and helpful. Food was delicious....had chicken in the past but opted for steak this time. It was also super tasty! Kids both loved their meals as well. My son would love to see quesadilla option! Keep up the great work!
3	Neither great nor bad. Reliable cheap meal. Lots of selection to choose from.
5	COCONUT BARK! It is an absolute must. I could eat that every day all day if I could. I love that everything is so fresh!  My current obsession is the chicken with the pineapple Verde sauce and all the veggies. There is always a Groupon or special so it fits right in any budget.
5	I usually get a bowl because I think a bowl holds more than a tortilla so I feel like I'm getting more. I've tried the fish, Huli huli chicken, kalua pig, and the beef and they're all ono/delicious!!!! I love everything in it, filling yet healthy!!! Love it!!!!
3	The previous reviews didn't lie, wasn't really wowed :( if it weren't for the $5 for $10 yelp deal I probably would have been a little pissed. I would rather pay the extra $5 to go to chipotle instead IMO. I liked the concept/idea of the Asian/island flare but the flavor execution wasn't there.  It was filling and decently portion but not every exciting or satisfying to the taste buds.
5	Ho, Braddah's is ono! My roommate told me about this place, and the reviews are accurate - like a Chipotle with island flavor! My g/f and I both got meat  samples and decided on bowls, which were a great deal for the price. We were both stuffed for $7/each!We lucked out and went in on their anniversary, so they were giving free coconut bark!! Score!! I'll definitely be back (even though I live on the other side of town), and I even bought a recent Yelp deal for this place. Mahalos, Braddah's 'ohana!
4	My first time here. I was actually surprised. I got the bowl with pork on it. Amazing
4	Come hungry!  They give huge portions, not that I mind, it's just a lot of food.  I got a salad which was delicious, I like that it's build your own style.  I really want to try the tacos next time.The coconut bark is the most amazing thing in the fricken world I want to go back and buy a pound of it.  It's the perfect combination of sweet, salty, and crunch.  YUM!
2	Not what I thought it would be at all. Very greasy and staff not friendly. They DO give you a lot of food.
4	The coconut bark and huli hulu chicken burritos are to die for!
3	I got the bowl with the pig and chicken. Its pretty good and they put a lot! I couldn't even finish it. I like their mango sauce and papaya sauce and you guys should try it if you like your food sweet and fruity! They also give you a plate to try the meat. I didn't like how they only have brown rice but it was really good since it tasted home made
5	Mr owner, somebody else need to be entrusted to make those delicious salsas. I've been in two times and there's no guava salsa. Still love the food. Also the guy wearing the visor backwards not very professional.
4	Yesterday my friend and I went here. It was pretty good. I like that they let you sample the Kalua pig and Huli Huli chicken but a little bummed they did not offer the pulehu steak... I ordered the pulehu steak burrito with beans, jalapenos, habaneros (sweeet not many places have it), lettuce, sour cream cheese, cabbage, maui onion salsa (awesome) guacamole on the side. As I previously read through the reviews the guacamole was definitely fresh, homemade and a huge side! If I had known the pulehu steak was in some sort of sauce or glaze I would not have ordered it. It would have been great with rice. A little bummed there was only brown rice or brown rice with seaweed, I do not eat brown rice. The other sauces or gels were not what I expected. Very sweet.My friend ordered the kalua pig burrito and absolutely loved it!When I come back again I am going to try the veggie burrito with the same fixings and I know it is going to be onolish!
5	Braddah's is the place to be! I came across this beauty by chance of Groupon. I went in with my good friend and we were excited to try a place as similar to Chipotle as we could find. Upon entering we were greeted with the extremely friendly Hawaiian vibe that people travel to Hawaii for. As we were reading the menu and continued to ask questions about what to get and what the options were, she offered us samples of EVERYTHING. The fish was my favorite, which I have gotten time and time again. She told us the different flavored salsa's that they had, mango pic de gayo and such. I don't remember the names, but the green is a delightfully sweet and sour blend added to your dish. I got the bowl, which is twice what they give at chipotle, my friend got the burrito and was not disappointed. Burrito stuffed and bowl overflowing, a food lover hearts dream. The flavors that exploded when we took our first bites made us instant fan-girls of Braddah's. We have been back twice a month since April! And will continue to come back this frequently. Now to the whole reason we spend so much money at this place. The coconut bark. My life completed it's journey when I took the first bite. Perfect blend of a saltine cracker topped with caramel, chocolate and coconut shavings sprinkled on top. I always get extra's for lunch and desserts for the next few days. Go try this little pocket of Hawaii in Vegas.
5	Me and the wifey go here all the time and we are never disappointed! It's super good, they have some awesome seasoned steak that we usually put in a bowl with seaweed rice. You can do burritos, bowls, tacos ect. It's all island style. We actually talked with the owner, he's a pretty cool guy. Good place, good set up, and um, make sure to buy the coconut bark because its extremely addictingly good. Seriously, if you are hungry, go there now haha
4	Hawaiian Style, comfort, and flavor all in one. This isn't a restaurant where I could eat all the time however, when your in the mood for something different this is it. The pig is a best seller and tastes the best in my opinion on a burrito. It is tender fall apart in your mouth moist very flavorful pork. They highly recommend it with the mango onion salsa. Which offers a sweet slightly spice extra something something.very good fully encompasses the Hawaiian culture.
3	The idea of this restaurant sounded very appealing but fell short of my high expectations. I'm a fan of Chipotle and a bigger fan of Hawaiian-style meats, so what better than combining the 2 together! The staff was very friendly.. we were given samples of the Huli-Huli Chicken and Kalua Pork. I decided to go with a Huli-Huli Chicken bowl with seaweed rice, black beans, pineapple verde, lettuce and cheese. The chicken by itself was excellent with its sour marinate.. but loses its flavor when mixed in the bowl. It just seemed a little dry, like it was missing some sauces maybe?.. probably my fault for not adding more. I actually wouldn't mind just the chicken and seaweed rice.I definitely want to give this place another try and hopefully make a better combination.
2	My second time trying this place and now I know I won't be back. I first tried the location by my house on durango, and I got the pig bowl. You could read my review, but to sum it up I wasn't impressed. Tonight I was in the area and went against my better judgment and decided to stop here for dinner. This time I ordered a steak burrito with seaweed rice, cheese and sour cream. I also got the pineapple salsa on the side, which is excellent! I hadn't eaten since 11am so after 8 hours of work I was famished. I eagerly bit into the burrito and almost spit it right back out! The steak was sweet! Definitely not what I was expecting and I didn't care for it at all. I do have to say the burrito had lots of meat and it was filling. I just can't get past the sweet steak. I will go back for the coconut bark, which I got 1/4 of today. That shit is like crack! But other than that, Braddah's is not ono in my book.
5	Leaving this review here because I couldn't find the Maryland Parkway location on Yelp yet, but that's the location I'm reviewing -Allow me to describe this place in one word: OMNOMNOM. At first, I thought, great, just what we need, another taco/burrito/bowl place within walking distance of UNLV (others being Chipotle and Cafe Rio). We're also not needing in hawaiian food either. But, Braddahs knocked it out of the park. Hawaiian mexican might be a way to describe it? Whatever the style is, it was *good*. We were welcomed with samples to try the menu (they just opened this location within the past few days) - and were sold right there. I had a steak & chicken salad. Delicious. If I had one critique, it was that the pork by itself was a bit on the salty side, but I could see that being less of a problem in the context of other things on the plate. Then, coconut bark happened. If I wasn't already in love with the place, I am now.The owner (I presume that who it was) was welcoming and personable, helping out the service team and greeting customers. It didn't feel fake-servicey like at Chipotle, where they look up and begrudgingly moan, "welcome to chipotle." TL;DR- Food is great. Coconut bark is amazing. Can't wait to go back (and for the Green Valley location to open.)
4	Fun idea for dinner. Lots of good healthy choices.. chicken, pork, steak, fish... delicious sauces with great heat. Lots of choices to go with...if you like to design your dinner... this is the place for you!  All the folks are smiley and helpful. Simple yet effective ambiance and soothing music..Next time... I'M trying the coconut bark! A great neighborhood experience!
3	I visited twice. I used the drive thru both times. The first time they forgot to give me the sauce on the side. The second time I asked for half pork half grilled fish bowl. They forgot the fish. The food is good. The people are nice. But, the service is lacking.
4	This is a really good place for a nice simple and tasty meal. The fish tacos were amazing.
1	Came here on a last minute haven't eaten for 13 hours need some food and everything is closed whim. Needless to say I was not impressed especially for all of the 5 star reviews. We came half an hour to closing but this is quick stop and go food so I figured I was fine. I got the steak burrito with seaweed rice, black beans, pineapple salsa, and the regular fixings. The food looked cold but I thought I saw some steam come from somewhere so I'd be alright. I got home and took it out of the bag, thought I felt some remote warmth...took a bite so much for that it was cold. I was too hungry to care, about 1/3 into the burrito I felt sick. The damn steak tasted like friggin rock candy. Shit was about to have me bouncin' off the walls! I also got a bag of their chips to accompany my burrito, I could've bought the same ones at the grocery store. I am close to certain I will not try again unless I have some life altering Notebook moment.
5	Excellent flavor of food that blows away chipotle, very fast service and great value!
1	Just moving from Hawaii we are looking for good Hawaiian food. Saw the reviews. Got there and discovered it has a limited menu. The food is in metal containers like Subway. All the meats were dry & cold plus the seasoning was awful. When u start to order what u want put on your food, u find out some are extra charge! The white rice is not regular white rice! Is that like hard to do? Plus everything, including the tortillas and meat were cold. This place is a "wanna be" Hawaiian Restaurant. The food was so bad, we threw most of it away. It was that bad! Plus with the add on's the  food too expensive. Go to Island Flavors, if   you want to eat great Hawaiian food.
4	It's like Chipotle with an island twist. Got the burrito with huli huli chicken. The chicken was juicy and choice. The employees behind the counter were very nice friendly and offered us samples of all the different meat choices.  WIll def go back to try their burrito with the guac and and pink salt
4	We've been wanting to try this place for a while since it is right around the corner from our home.  We had Kalua pig burrito, steak bowl, fish bowl, and chips and guac.  Everybody enjoyed the food a lot and the portions are large so its a good value.  We will definitely be back!
5	Impressive customer service, extremely generous portion of meat and fresh tasting ingredients. This was my first visit and I used the drive thru, which at first glance was intimidating. The list of optional but included ingredients was huge! The menu was actually easy to navigate and order from once I read it thoroughly. I went with the suggested "pig" bowl and was not disappointed. I will go spicier next time for sure, as the pineapple salsa was tame but tasty.
5	What a great place to eat and make new friends. I was encouraged by a friend's review of the place and I thought I would experience it for myself.  Food and service is superb.  I'm excited to take my son here. So much better than Chipotle's!
5	There kalua pig burrito is to die for!!!! I live on the Eastside of Las Vegas, I'll drive 20-30 mins just to eat here!!! Lol would recommend everyone to try.
5	It was pretty good, but what made it great was the service. The man (owner?) working was very friendly and helpful. We got to try samples. The food was delicious. I loved the fish and the seaweed rice was good. Prices are very reasonable, even without the Groupon that we went in there with. The coconut bark is definitely worth getting also.
5	I expected this place to serve food with a hint of Hawaiian flare and it delivered.I ordered the 3 kalua pig tacos with tomato and grilled onions & a bowl of huli huli chicken with seaweed rice and charred pineapple verde & guacamole on the side. The kalua pig is so similar to authentic Hawaiian style and the chicken was moist and flavorful, but not near as authentic Hawaiian huli huli chicken. However, it is very difficult to make or find authentic Hawaiian huli huli chicken as it requires Keawe wood from trees grown in Hawaii.I have to give this place great credit for having "Island Style" food with a Hawaiian flare as it was very tasty and portions were great for the reasonable prices. The service was very friendly on a Sunday night at 715pm and FAST on the drive-thru.I didn't leave without trying the Coconut Bark and it was very authentic Hawaiian candy from long ago similar  to Almond Roca made with Island Style like Ed & Dons Macadamia brittle candy from the 70s. It was so onolicious that I will buy it for my family and friends from Hawaii because I know they would appreciate it alot.
4	I found this place through Facebook friends and their posts. The food is great. I liked the fish tacos and the Kailua pork bowls the best (I've been there twice). The beef is also good, kind of sweet. I didn't like that they charged extra for vegetables, but other than that, no complaints. The food is good and when they knew it was my first time, they let me sample all of the meats so I could choose what I wanted. I would never have known about the pork otherwise. If you're not watching your diet, try the coconut/toffee/chocolate dessert.
5	great flavor, as a gourmet cook I know how you have to treat pork to get as much flavor as they have . really rich, not abig fan of the beef (sweet flavor not my thing), the bowls are amazing ...love the seaweed rice, reminds me of that flaor you get when eating rolls at a sushi place. chicken is awesome.
5	So what would happen if Hawaiian food and Chipotle conceived a love child? You guessed it, Frank Stallone!, oh, I mean Braddah's Island Style!! There is nothing that I've had here that I didn't like. It's definitely worth checking out for the great casual food.I've heard lots of good things about this place but never tried it for various reasons. But hey, guess what? My little homie, you know him, his name is Groupon was like "hey mike, I got this great deal for you.." I was like "oh yea? What you got for me on this bright and beautiful day?" And he was like "listen to this, you gotta check out this place, it's called Braddah's Island Style, and I'll give you $12 bucks of food for only $6. What do you say?" I was like, "ok, you twisted my arm, but be a little bit more gentle next time because that kinda hurt, I shall take you up on your offer." And so our journey began.It's really similar to Chipotle. You can either order a burrito, 3 tacos, a bowl, and a salad (just make sure it's not a tossed one). Then you order your meats and toppings. Go for the steak, it's worth it. Hey! Not really a steak eater? Well then young sir, there are also other options available such as pork, chicken, and fish. Oh, so now you don't eat animals. No problem my friend, because Braddah's has that base covered too. You can get some tofu. There you go.These guys don't skimp on the toppings. I was so moved by their generosity that the tears almost, sorta, kinda, maybe decided to think that they were going to fall, but it wasn't the case.I see you coconut bark, giving me the eye with your deliciousness. Looking all sexy in the corner over there. Oh, I'm heading your way soon enough. Just give me some time to get things situated with my situations, then we'll talk.So go here. Now! J/k whenever you're up for it.
5	I love this place great food and fabulous customer appreciation.
5	Service is always great and food is always delicious. I always get the Kalua Pig Bowl. Their sauces are good. They recently changed them but I like the sauces they had before, better. Their coconut bark is yummy! Gotta enjoy it while it's cold though.
3	Interesting place....Stopped in here for lunch and was immediately greeted and asked if I wanted samples of the meats. I accepted and at first thought, "Meh, it's okay..."  I did a three taco plate and decided to try one of each (chicken, pork and steak). It works kinda like chipotle where you pick if you want rice, beans, etc now we get to the salsa picking - I don't remember the specific names of them but I had the verde with the steak and pork and had the corn salsa with the chicken. The pork was still "meh" but those salsas transformed the steak and chicken into something really tasty!  I was very surprised actually that the combination of flavors vs. just the meat tasting was so different.  Later, the perhaps owner or manager came by to ask how things were going and plopped another salsa on my table and said to try it.  Very complimenting as well.  So, food is very good I would say.Now, why I gave it three stars in lieu of four - the place was only 1/3rd full but almost every table needed to be bussed so finding a suitable clean table to sit at made me choose a less desire able spot (small table in the sun for a semi big guy with an ipad, napkin dispenser, little sign and food on a tray to share all the same spot).  The salsa plopped down while having great flavor was sticky on the outside of the bottle and I hate sticky fingers etc.  So, I would have probably given 3 1/2 stars in lieu of 3 if these dynamics were different - however, not the end of the world.One other thing worth mentioning, although I got one of each style of taco to make my three taco plate, the 3 steak tacos are like a buck more than the chicken or pork and I got charged for 3 steak ones.  I'm not sure how else they would have done that anyway since they don't have an option for one of each, so I'm ok with it - just be prepared if you go that route.  Also, since we're mentioning price, I came back a second time about a week later an didn't get the guac add on a second time around because I thought the charge for it was a bit hefty at $1.65 or so.  I made a big mistake not getting it as the difference was notable in the flavors I remembered from the week before.  So, cough up the dough and get the guac!Overall, a nice spot that I would go to again.
5	I enjoyed their services! It was my first time here with the hubby and we were impressed. Since it was our first time, they offered free samples of their meats for us to try out before creating our meal. I liked them all! The kalua pig, pulehu steak, and chicken were really tasty and seasoned perfectly without being too powerful on the palate. I decided to go with the kalua this trip and I'll be back next time to try steak or chicken next! :) It's similar to a chipotle where you decide to do either a salad, bowl, or tacos and add whatever you please. Oh and don't forget to check in to receive your free coconut bark, it makes a super tasty treat after consuming your food :) I will be back again next time, I really enjoyed it here.
3	We made another lunch stop at Braddah's Island Style on our most recent vacation and once again shared a Kalua pig burrito with seaweed rice, black beans, charred pineapple verde, lettuce and tomato. Even though management committed the unpardonable sin of running out of cilantro, our burrito were still very good. The staff seemed less friendly or engaged than on our first visit just 6 months ago.  For example, no samples were offered, tables had not been bussed, and bottles of sauce were not put out until a good 10 minutes after a customer made the request.  A rating of 3.5 would be most appropriate.
5	This place gets all 5 stars! Amazing customer service and amazing food! Definitely coming back, thank you!
5	Kalua Pig is THE BEST!!! Had the Combo Bowl with Kalua Pig and Pulehu Beef and it was delicious. Staff is friendly and so many flavors to take in... I also tried the bark and it was a bit Rich but still a great finish.
5	Asked a co-worker where to find good island food in Las Vegas. I was hesitant when he recommended an island-style burrito place. Man, was I wrong. When I walked in with a confused face, the person working the counter could tell it was my first time. He gave me a sample of each of their meats (huli huli chicken, steak and kalua pork) without me asking. I liked that. The meats were phenomenal. I built a burrito with kalua pork, wheat tortilla, seaweed rice, medium salsa and guacamole. It was delicious. It was clean, great staff and excellent food. I will be back often.
5	This place is amazing! I love to come here for lunch as often as I can! The food is amazing and nothing compares to its yumminess! The staff has always been kind every time I have come here! Great job Braddah's!
5	Sooo after minutes of searching for something new to try I come across Braddaaaaahs and ohhhh man! This place is like the Hawaiian Chipotle. Their Kalua Pig and steak are amazing. Go try this place I give it a huge thumbs up!  Oh yea and their coconut bark is so deeelish!
4	This place is just like Chipotle, except their food doesn't taste like crap.You got your burritos, bowls, tacos and salads to choose from, and I find the quality of the food the serve to be pretty fresh. They got some hawaiian inspired food that you can put on your dish, and there's also coconut bark that is so delicious I would kill someone for it. Yeah, it's that good.The only thing I would recommend is putting a bigger trashcan/tray/dish area in the lobby. It seemed like they wanted people to just leave the dishes there for them to clean up, but when it gets busy it's not really practical for the employees and they don't have time to go get them. There were quite a few laying around when I visited.
5	Da boom fusion hawan mex healthy.except for the bark of course. Great service! Free bark yelp plus! Go and get that it free with check in!
5	Quite impressed with Braddah's...wish they had em in San Diego! Happened to ask if they were in some way related to Chipotle and sure enough, they owner used to have some conncetion. It's like Chipotle but w an island twist. Loved the steak bowl with rice and cabbage and their mildest salsa they got. Think it's tomatillos with pinapple or something. Service was excellent! I came in late one Sunday evening and the gentleman in the kitchen prepared me steak, even though they had already ran out. Any other place, I would've been told "sorry, we are out of steak." I walked out one happy customer! :)
5	Picked up a grilled  swai fish bowl  today and it was fantastic.  Where else can you go for a healthy, fast but inexpensive lunch ?  I will be making this place a habit.
2	Me and my boyfriend started coming here after class and wanted to do it regularly every week because of the friendly staff, delicious food, & large portions. It always seemed clean & the people who served us were always so kind. However, one experience had me thoroughly disgusted. It was an empty lobby and we grabbed our food to sit on the booth area which was unoccupied. After I finished eating, I looked to my left and next to me was a roach that just appeared (since it wasn't there when we sat down). So, obviously I felt nauseous because it's not a sight you want to see after you eat. We told the front cashier and his reaction surprised me. He simply said "Oh ok." As if roaches are a typical issue for this restaurant. And as we grabbed our stuff (while I felt like throwing up), he stood there waiting for us to move so he could get it. He didn't apologize or say it doesn't usually happen or that it wouldn't happen again. Good food, nice staff (usually), but never coming back again and warned everyone else I know.
3	Not really a big fan of Chipotle and this is what this place is, except it's with Hawaiian flair which is definitely a step up. We got there a little after 6 and the place was empty but better for us first timers, as we wanted to take our time perusing the menu and checking what our options were. Tia was manning the register and was eager to serve us. She gave us samples of the meats that were offered. The huli-huli chicken and pulehu steak were okay, it didn't really pack a punch in my opinion, but the kalua pork was flavorful and on point. Most of their sauces were too sweet for my taste. I liked the coconut colada pearl the best, even though it was the spiciest I found that by adding just a splash it enhanced the meat with just enough heat to it. So for 3 bowls and a box of holiday bark we ended up paying a little over $36 which I thought was kinda steep. We got in the car, drove off and I just happen to check the receipt and realized they had charged us for the 2 boxes of coconut bark that was supposed to be free with the yelp check in. We went back, they apologized and all was well. While waiting for the hubby to get back I took a bite of the coconut bark, it was pretty tasty but nothing I would kill for. The holiday bark I was quite disappointed with, I was told it was a must try but it was overwhelmingly sweet (and I have a sweet tooth) with no distinct flavors.
4	Pros:Yummy yummmy food!!Ingredients taste freshDidn't have to wait long in the drive thruCons: It's pricey
5	First time here got to sample the meat. Great customer service. I had the chicken and seaweed rice burrito it was amazing. It has a Chipotle style set up, but better.
5	What a great surprise!  Simply the best steak bowl I've ever had. The guy next to me got up to tell the staff that it was the best burrito he'd ever had. A trend! Taste and flavor better than anything I've had in a long time. The steak is as good as it gets with amazing flavor and textureIt's laid out like Chipotle but that where the comparison stops. The flavor and taste is awesome!! What a treat. Service and attitude is as good as the food. Genuine and sincere - these guys love their store and are as excited about it as their customers. What a great find.!!!
4	Such nice people and glad to support Small Biz Saturday! Finally got a chance to eat here after passing by everyday to and from work. The BOGO and Amex deal really got me in the door. I got a bowl and even though im not a fan of seaweed it was pretty good. The avocados in the guacamole can use a little extra mashing but thats my only gripe.  The meat was tender,  toppings were fresh and the food was quick! Love it!
3	Maybe I went at a bad time but the food seems to be going down in quality, my chicken was undercooked and my burrito was a lot smaller than it was the time before. The food is good but every time I go it seems it's not as great as it was. It sucks because I used to love this place but now I'm leaving unsatisfied most of the time
1	Went there for lunch today with my wife. Worst meal I have ever had in Vegas. Everything was way over salted.Will not be going backGo to HI all the time and this is far from good Hawaiian food. Sorry but being honest
4	I really enjoy their  marinated steak and fish. I'm not a fan of cilantro and its great to have a Chipotle style meal without any cilantro. The only negative I can say is it leaves you with some gnarly breath after you eat.
5	I had a chicken bowl. It tasted fresh with guacamole. Daughter is a vegetarian so she tried the veggie bowl and enjoyed it. Checked in for free bark which was bomb. We are gonna fight over the piece.
5	This is a great place for me to get a Hawaiian taste without having it be your standard dish. The taco fusion aspect is really unique. The staff here is really nice and friendly every time I have been in.My favorite is the kaluah pork tacos. Gotta get them with the sweet onion salsa and habanero for some kick.The bark is really awesome too! Will be back again soon!
2	Went here based on the rave reviews on Yelp.  This is one of the first times that Yelp has led me astray, and it makes me sad.First, let me say that the staff here are incredibly friendly and helpful.  They go out of their way to make your experience good.  Upon walking in, we were asked if it was our first time, and then were promptly given samples of all the meats.  I immediately noticed how low quality and fatty the meat was.  The chicken and steak, though flavored nicely, were incredibly gristly and fatty.  The kalua pork is cooked well, but a bit on the salty side for me.  I got a steak burrito with the mild salsa, which just ended up being way too sweet because of the sweetness of the steak and the fact that the mild salsa is basically limes and pineapple (my fault, I guess for ordering it).  My wife ordered a chicken bowl, which was decent but not great.  We also got a side of chips and salsa, which I regret immensely.  The chips were stale and tasted like they came from a bag.  The salsa again was too sweet.  Our total bill came to $20 without drinks (a bit pricey, IMO).The dining experience in general was basically a Hawaiian themed Chipotle. In case you're wondering, overly sweetened Hawaiian topped with cheese, guacamole, sour cream, and sugary salsa is NOT a good combination.  The food just really isn't that good.  Not only have I had much better food in general based on recommendations from Yelp, I've had much better Hawaiian food in Las Vegas.  I honestly don't know how people are rating this anything above 3 stars.
2	The concept is nice: you take hawaiian barbecue (delicious) and then you combine it with mexican food (also delicious). The result, however, is subpar. Everything is so savory, but the meat is too sweet? I've tried this place at least twice because I'm desperate to like it, but it's just not jiving with me. The fact that there is a drive thru and always a good groupon deal is hella sweet, but eh. I think it's time to move on.
5	Great food and an even better staff.  They are doing it right here.  You always walk in to a nice warm greeting.  Service is quick and on point.  They never forget to say goodbye, even if they are busy with other customers.
5	Had a steak burrito... Soo good. And the service was great! Probably the sweetest people i've had the pleasure of talking to while being served :)
4	This is a small Hawaiian Mexican fusion restaurant. Based on service alone this is a five star restaurant. Drew was beyond awesome, he was friendly, charismatic and knowledgable about the food. He explained to us the process and gave us some suggestions. The food is very good! The restaurant reminds me of Chipotle but with a Hawaiian flair. You pick from a burrito, bowl, salad and 3 tacos. You can then pick your meat from Huli Huli Chicken, Kalua Pig, Pulehu Steak, Grilled Fish and Grilled Veggies. After this you can pick your normal add on such as rice w seaweed, brown rice, beans, sour cream, etcI was very happy and satisfied with the price and taste of the food. I would totally recommend  this place! Especially for those who love Mexican food but want to try a spin on it!!!!
4	Looking for a quick, healthy and delicious meal? You can not go wrong with Braddah's.Never eaten here before? The staff is super pumped to let you taste test the various meats, sauces and sides that they have. You can build your own bowl, burrito or whatever else your fantabulous mind can concoct with the fresh supply of beautiful ingredients made in-house everyday. You can most certainly tell this place has some Hawaiian influence and packs a flavor punch straight to your brain that you may feel all the way down to your toes. So wear flip-flops.Oh and do yourself a favor... Get the damn Coconut Bark. Holy moly! That stuff could do anything from fight a poltergeist, save a failing marriage, straighten curly hair and even make your man put the toilet seat down for a year.
1	iwill preface this review by saying my boyfriend and I have watched this business grow and are frequent flyers of Braddahs at all of their locations. On more than one occasion my boyfriend will order the burrito from here and there is one particular individual who puts the burrito together and wraps it terribly. I don't know about you guys but when I get a burrito I would like all the fillings to be in every bite. I don't expect perfection because burritos are just amazing but imagine only getting a mouthful of rice or worse eating half of your burrito and realizing that there is no more meat for the other half of your burrito because it was all on one side of the burrito. Something else.... I know avocados are expensive but if you are going to charge me $2.50 for guacamole please don't give me the smallest amount of guacamole you possibly can. I had to order extra guacamole on the side even then they didn't even fill the small container up. They did at first then scooped the guacamole out so it was more hollow in the center. Maybe I'm just used to Chipotle and expect the whole container to be full. Hear our plea, Braddahs! We love you and love your food. The atmosphere and the food are what keeps us coming back. But for those who are interested the location on Maryland parkway is amazing and very consistent. P.S The young ladies that work at all of your locations are amazing.
4	Yum! Came here on a Sunday night with my family for the first time. Workers asked if this was our first time and then have us samples of all the meats to try! The kalua pig, chicken, and fish were great. Steak was too sweet for me. My main complaint is that it was too cold in the building! Had my peacoat, north face jacket, and sweater on (three layers!) and was still freezing. Other than that, the food and service was great. A must visit if in Vegas!
4	Braddah's Island Style business model is a Chipotle type Restaurant for Hawaiian Food.Perhaps it was the befuddled looks on our faces but as we walked in the proprietor asked us if we had previously patronized the establishment before and when we said "no" we were offered generous samplings of the available meat selections.We tried the Huli Huli chicken, Palehu steak, Kalua pork and grilled fish. Everything had it's own distinctive taste and seasonings. It all had a great Island style flavor. We both selected bowls and enjoyed our meat and rice combos at the clean little  restaurant, watching traffic whiz by, through the windows on the busy street outside. The restaurant also had squeeze bottles of their homemade hot sauce strewn about  which we loved experimenting with. Some were sweet and some were deadly spicy but all were flavorful and unique. Inexpensive, novel innovative flavors, quick, friendly service and healthy food. Great fast food alternative.
