5	Freakishly good.  Excellent quality and super nice staff.  Absolutely the best sushi in Vegas!
5	Formerly known as Brian's Beach Sushi, now under new management. Sushi Freak delivers everything that you would expect from a sushi dining experience. Friendly staff, prompt service, and of course excellent tasting and well rolled sushi.  They are open late into the morning which is great for after a night out  drinking with friends or a date with your partner. This is one of the best sushi places to eat hands down!
5	The service is absolutely phenomenal.Waitresses are polite and consistently attentive. The sushi chefs are especially skilled and orders are not kept on waiting. In other words, the food comes out in a timely fashion. But most importantly, the food is abso-freakin-lutely great/yummy/melt-in-your-mouth/omg!I even want to recommend one of the waitress's personal recommendation: Sam's Volcano Roll. Baked creamy goodness! Simply a must-try. Other recommendations are: Big B Roll, Tiger Roll and Ninja Roll. The Big B Roll comes with thinly sliced beef on top which makes for an interesting combination of flavors and textures. The Tiger Roll has a yummy spicy tuna topper. The Ninja Roll has eel and tempura for crunchiness.The sushi chefs are especially friendly. It has been my second visit already and I plan to come here regularly!Thank you.
5	I love this place! The food is just delicious! I cant resist this place! I always come back for more!
5	Creative selections, friendly staff, fresh fish!!I've been coming here at least once every few days for their AYCE dinner.  With hot, tax, tea and tip it ends up being about $32 and worth every cent.  The chefs are personable and usually customize something for me based on what I like.  Here are some of my favorite things on the dinner menu:Sweet Ebi Nigiri - Delicious sweet shrimp on sushi rice.  They flash fry the head and give that to you as well.  If you know about shrimp, you know the tastiest part is the head and once you see these little cabesas, you can tell they're super fresh.Cajun Albacore Nigiri - Lightly smoky and fresh, very nice!Spicy Tuna handroll - Not too much mayo makes this spicy tuna very satisfying.Tuna Poke - Fresh and spicy on top of delicious wonton chips, it's really tasty and a good preparation.  **I don't  usually order special rolls but they have lots of those too.
5	This place is the new "Brian's Beach" which had located in this spot beforehand. Their sign may still say Brian's Beach but as the owner had said, they are replacing the sign soon. This is located on the southwest corner of Flamingo and Durango facing east on the west side of the shopping center. Hours are 11:30 AM - 4:00 PM for lunch, 4:00 PM - 11:30 PM for dinner, and 11:30 PM - 3:00 AM for late night. Their prices are quite average in terms of an all you can eat sushi restaurant for lunch and dinner, standing at $21.95 and $25.95 respectively.Upon entrance to the restaurant, you are greeted by both the waitress staff as well as the owner and sushi chefs. Service is phenomenal. The place seems to have been remodeled or redesigned, so in my opinion, actually looks better. I was taken to a seat at the sushi bar sitting directly in front of the owner/sushi chef. Heres a little background on the owner. He used to be the head chef at the sushi restaurant located at Fashion Show called RA Sushi. During one of my many conversations with the owner, I had been told that he was quite restricted by the management on how sushi was made. As a proud sushi chef, it was not something he could put up to as it was considerably lower than his own standards in sushi making. So he decided to take over this location, and start his own sushi restaurant.Now about the food. My plan was to try the fishes (nigiri), as it was one of my favorites when it comes to sushi. The sweet, fresh taste of different types of seafood is quite the experience if its something you can handle (some people cant eat raw foods). As i was informed by the chef/owner, new shipments of the fishes are delivered daily so you get the freshest fish when you come eat at this restaurant. I started my experience with an order of tuna, white tuna, and yellowtail. For the record, by the time I finished my meal, i had tried most of the nigiri at least once. With tasting of the first 3 orders, I was surprised by the quality of fish they had prepared. Very fresh, and sweet. One little nitpick i had while i was eating here was the chef/owner tends to put various sauces (yum yum? ponzu?) or toppings on his sushi. As he had said, a lot of people like it like that, but for me personally, it was ok. But with a slight notice, he had reduced the amount of sauces/toppings there after for me so it was nice that he listened. I mean, it wasn't bad for the most part, it was quite the experience, for example, having a slice of chili on top of yellowtail nigiri. It was interesting, as i liked eating spicy foods as well. It was a different experience. I had told the chef that i was a fish eater, so after this first 3 orders, he took into command and had made various dishes for me. Most of my meal were made without ordering. Most were vary tasty and delicious. In terms of nigiri, my favorites were probably the white tuna, yellow tail, salmon, sweet shrimp, and scallop. All very fresh, naturally sweet, nice thick cut (if applicable). The sweet shrimp was quite large for what i had been used to. But as the name implies, it was really sweet. There was a few things i'd like to mention that you may not see in a typical sushi restaurant (or any that i had been to). Under their appetizer listing, they had "brie and grape quesadilla" and "sashimi roll"Let's start off with the "brie and grape quesadilla". Seeing an item like this on the menu surprised me. Not something you usually see in a japanese restaurant. But it was suggested by one of the super nice waitresses. So i had tried it. When the order came, it was presented in a few triangle slices as well as a few avocado slices fanned on the side. Fresh off the pan/grill/whatever they used to make it. The taste was quite interesting. The brie was smooth and rich while the slices of grape gave it a nice acidic kick. The "sashimi roll" was quite the interesting item. It contains tuna, yellowtail, white fish, salmon, shrimp, avocado, and asparagus wrapped in a thin daikon radish that was previously soaked in a special vinegar. Not too much of a fan on the sauces that were drizzled on the plate, but aside from that, the pickled daikon radish plus the various fishes gave quite the interesting taste. The freshness of the fish + the slightly sour, but refreshing taste of the pickled daikon that it was wrapped it was quite nice. All in all, it was a good experience, and would love to go there again. This restaurant definitely ranks in the top 3 sushi restaurants for me (at the time of this posting...), with Sushi Twister and Goyemon as the other 2 restaurants in the ranking. The staff and chefs were super nice. Did very little to no asking as they were very, i wouldnt say annoying but, uhm.. i guess attentive may be the correct word? I had no more than 1-2 finished plates on the side of me before they were picked up, and i had rarely, if ever saw the bottom of my tea cup, as it was always refilled in a timely manner.
5	BEST NEW AYCE in Vegas!!
5	**Summary**       - Best - I have to start by saying that this is my new "go to place" for sushi.        - Freshness - I usually go half nigiri/half sushi rolls, but tasting that first piece of sushi my first night, I had to go all nigiri for the night. It was definitely some of the freshest sushi I've tasted this side of the Mojave Desert.       - Next Level - All the nigiri have their own little touches. The salmon has a lemon wedge, the yellowtail has a thin slice of jalapeno, and the sweet shrimp has a sprinkle of sea salt and a splash of lemon juice. It's these little things that take these ordinary nigiri dishes to the next level.       - Creative - You can ask the sushi chef to create something for you and you'll see why they chose to name the place sushi freak. I got salmon with cornflakes on top and it was delicous.       - Expertise - The ex-head chef from RA at the Fashion Show opened this restaurant 3 weeks ago bringing with him some of the freshest fish suppliers.       - Waiting List - The place is very small so I'd suggest calling ahead or going at off-peak hours. Trust me, it's worth the extra effort. There's a reason there are people waiting outside for a seat.       - Brian's Beach - This use to be Brian's Beach and as of March 1st, 2012, the sign is still up. **Price**       - $21.95 11:30am-4pm AYCE Lunch       - $26.95 4pm-3am AYCE Dinner**Menu** http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=CRIJHtvoQAlPDg5XIbV7oQ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=AY-RzhlhTkh8mSZ3bKQphg**Nigiri**       - Saba - Mackerel with a special soy based sauce. Best Mackerel I've ever had (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=4K_BIu7T8I900UQbzxitOg).       - Hotate - Scallop with lemon juice and a touch of sea salt. The tiny bit of sea salt really enhances the scallop's flavor (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=dNNuJ2RHBoXge7InUBggjg).       - Sake - Salmon with thin lemon wedges on top. Nice and buttery (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=ylyCk454GitnpyRtHVI3hA).       - Hamachi - Yellowtail with a thin jalapeno on top (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=jF-L0ha2GH_2clMR0pXJ-w).       - Amaebi - Sweet shrimp with lemon juice and a touch of sea salt.       - Uni (Sea Urchin) - So fresh it just melts in your mouth. Freshest in Vegas (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=zQ9TY1ivPInfVIJKd9Wznw).       - Cajun Albacore - I usually don't get this, but it was awesome.       - Hirame - Halibut with green onion (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=hffcCuSxFtKW0bYAvo3kww).       - Ikura - Salmon Eggs (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=gpN0BzIeU0QSEWzTyhTQgQ).**Nigiri**       - Dynamite - Can't go wrong with baby scallops, onions, mushrooms, and dynamite sauce. Yums (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=WtN8SoddXyOHwIEb96TsOw).       - Baked Mussels - A must try (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=kVlfSKmhqa34hlZHUArow).       - Seafood Tostada - It was very different and delicious with bits of fresh fish with ginger and sliced roasted garlic flakes (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=P-MlLo5NjxQRlCNrl1n9aA).       - Deep Fried Amaebi (Shrimp) Heads (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=zLVKLuO426E2OQf9mmIRRw)       - Teriyaki Beef - Not your normal teriyaki beef. It was really good (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=4L6fefl0eRCkYhka8kxQnA).       - Green Beans - Pretty good for vegetable (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=kTvLvE_ZG8ajIV5Isy_CnA).       - Gyoza (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=opJaUQ4cEXmao1DYaLXeOg)       - Shumai - We got it steamed and they looked like wontons (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=-s2_4flHjNUHfg6Pe9Lxbg).       - Fried Oysters (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=tem1rQLEb69cJ-8WTsMLtw)       - Sashimi Roll (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=FbHBtuJge7__bllMLUzNOg)       - Almost Fire Roll - Shrimp Tempura, spicy tuna, and spicy sauce (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=V8cJx9QwbX84_xfUYZT7kw).       - Ponzio Roll - Tuan, albacore, and avacado roll with ponzu sauce (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=Xk4L9iFfbNmIeNzHviP7KQ).       - Viva Las Vegas Roll - Spicy crab and scallop on a crispy roll with crab on the inside. This would be perfect for those who don't like raw fish (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dEAk-gE-5Q95a7p91gNn8A?select=YJXGdaTyeAhmn6hKxoO_3w).**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place to anyone. It's my new favorite sushi place.
5	Came here because of a friend's recommendation. I was debating between Goyemon Sushi House (my AYCE go-to place) or trying this new place, and I'm SO HAPPY that I took a leap of faith of trying Sushi Freak. The quality of the fish here is amazing. Hamachi (yellowtail) was the first thing that came  to our table and we're instantly impressed with the taste of the fish and the unique way they "modify" their regular sushi. Same thing on pretty much everything else we had eaten that night (saba, albacore, ikura, etc).I love Uni (sea urchin) and Amaebi (sweet shrimp) and most restaurants have similar decent taste/quality in these two, but WOW the ones I had at Sushi Freak is way better than I've ever had--They're generous on the amount of uni they put on sushi, and the sweet shrimp was so fresh and tasted lively and was actually sweet. Because of this i'm hooked to Sushi Freak for good and i'm happy about it. Couple other things to note: 1) Our server, Judy, was excellent in doing her job; she recommended great dishes, greet people real nicely as they step out, very sweet and friendly. She was part of why our Sushi night out was so wonderful, and I really appreciate that because i'm tired of the "server checking on you for what you have leftover" attitude seen everywhere else. 2) I have to mention that not only our server was great, the rest of the staff members were very nice and timely in pouring us tea and cleaning our dishes. The chefs at the bar were cool too.3) The head chef/owner actually came out to introduce a dish he had created (seafood Tostadas) and taught us how to eat it, and we were impressed about the dish and how he actually cares. 4) Loved the Tuna carpaccio appetizer. Very flavorful. 5) The server said they open till 3AM and they receive daily shipment of fish.I'll be back with more people for sure.
5	After an amazing Elite event at The Barrymore, a group of us decided to continue the fun at Sushi Freak.  The staff was incredible, making sure we had everything we needed and bringing our food out at a good pace.  The timing of our foods arrival was spot on, and the chef even sent some special creations not on the menu out for us.  My hot tea was always filled, and the empty plates were promptly removed.  The quality of the tuna especially is great here, and I can't think of a better option in the valley for AYCE sushi.  Come try the creative and innovative combinations at Sushi Freak, and enjoy a family-run, comfortable place to get your Eat-on!!
5	I learned from experience that it doesn't take a large fancy restaurant to serve food. Moon, owner and head sushi chef definitely utilizes the quality over quantity style that is Sushi Freak. The servers are friendly, and what's most important.. Moon and the sushi chefs have all been working with each other at RA for years, which I think gives the place more character. For being a small restaurant that specializes in AYCE, they believe in taking your time and enjoying your food there. Congradulations.
5	I went here for my first time last night and I had a great experience! This place recently just took over a previous sushi restaurant that's been there before called Brian's Beach. Their old sign is still up and so are the restaurant hours on the front door. They really do need to change that soon. I almost didn't go in because Brian's Beach's hours on the door said they closed at 11pm but there was a neon "OPEN" sign at the front as well. Kinda confusing but anyways Sushi Freak doesn't close till 3am which is an hour after most sushi joints close. They also have the best customer service I've ever had before in a sushi restaurant. Their rolls aren't that bad either! I enjoyed the Venice roll and the Sam's Volcano roll. Yummy. Prices are pretty good too. They have AYCE with lunch costing $21 and dinner costing $26. Overall, I totally recommend it! It's sure worth it.
5	Don't let the sign outside fool you.  This is Sushi Freak not Brian's Beach Sushi, they just haven't changed the sign outside yet.  Make sure you check-in to the right establishment.I actually wasn't that hungry but it's been a while since I've ate made to order AYCE sushi so why not it was only $26 for dinner. My order was only a small portion of the menu but easily would have cost me more than $26. I had some shrimp tempura, deep fried oysters, octopus nigiri, elephant roll, red bean ice screen, plus whatever else we shared and some specialty items the sushi chef made for us.  Overall the food was very good but because I didn't try more of the menu it's a 4 which is still very good in my book.  Next time I'm coming hungry.Service was excellent, the main reason for the 5 rating.  We came with a party of 7 and Sushi Freak accommodated us very well. There was no wait. They were on the spot with bringing all of our orders out quickly and correct, separating bills and taking our money.  They made specialty items just because and said we didn't have to finish them if we didn't like it.  Don't remember how long we were there but they didn't rush us.  They also treated us like their number ones from when we first arrived till we left, excellent first impression.  Definitely will be back. The dining area is smaller but it doesn't feel crammed.
5	Even Better than Brian'sThere was a party of about 10 and the bar and all tables were filled. We decided to wait " so the girl at the front (who i later found was the owner) told me she'd call me when a table became available. We waited in the pkg. lot and i checked in with her a few times. She was so sweet and kept apologizing for the wait and mentioned how she and her husband were the new owners. Once our table was ready, water and edamame came out immediately. Service continued to exceed our expectations the entire time. Several girls clearing plates and the owner checked in several times and even took some of our orders. Giving orders to 2 different people made me nervous, but they kept track. They girls were all so friendly and polite. The seafood app over the wonton was incredible (their version of poki) and the tuna carpaccio was awesome. Rolls were good too, but  the standout for us was the Nigiri. My husband said it was the best he's ever had. The salmon and tuna were so fresh. Some of the special creations were great, but i will save my appetite next time for the fresh nigiri. I left feeling a little too full as I couldn't resist every last bite. I told them it was my husband's b-day and gave them a candle for the mochi. To my surprise every waitress and the sushi chefs all sang along! Great experience and well worth the wait. I liked the new look too.I can't wait to go back.
5	The staff is so incredibly friendly! We, my boyfriend and I, got so many free sushi dishes since we let our server know we haven't gone out of our comfort zone with sushi. The food was great!
5	I learned from experience that it doesn't take a large fancy restaurant to serve food. Moon, owner and head sushi chef definitely utilizes the quality over quantity style that is Sushi Freak. The servers are friendly, and what's most important.. Moon and the sushi chefs have all been working with each other at RA for years, which I think gives the place more character. For being a small restaurant that specializes in AYCE, they believe in taking your time and enjoying your food there. Congradulations.
5	It was so good that we went back 2 days later. See my other review for more details.
5	This is probably my newest favorite place for sushi! I didn't know what to expect, but i was pleasantly surprised! Their rolls were not over stuffed with rice and from what I had the nigri was super fresh. We sat in front of the owner and he kept our food coming steadily. He actually was making things for my husband, like the mackerel or the super white tuna, which both these items he generally doesn't like but liked it at Sushi Freak! I love that he added sea salt and lemon to the octopus and he did the same with the scallops! Service was awesome! The 3 ladies working there were very attentive and so were the sushi chefs. I definitely will be back and they have a great assortment of rolls that a pregnant lady, like me can eat that doesn't have tuna or raw fish! Definitely a place to go for AYCE great sushi!
5	Reasonable all you can eat price and they have good serviceFish is fresh enough to enjoyWorth to try
3	I do not understand the hype for this place.  Their sushi is good but nothing spectacular.  The poke...eh.  The fish tostada...meh.  It's fresh, don't get me wrong, but nothing I ate here sticks in my mind.  It blends in with the numerous other "okay" sushi restaurants in the area.  The only bright spots were the nigiri...everything else was blah.The restaurant is also really small and they pack it to the max.  They even stole two of our chairs during the meal to pack it even further.   This place is awesome if you like refugee-camp-style dining!  They really need to get a bigger space (and a new sign--it still says Brian's Beach Sushi).Also, the service is fast and attentive but I couldn't take a bite without a server asking me how I was doing.  I felt like screaming "thank you, but for the love of god leave me alone!"  The serving tempo was so intense that I felt like everyone was having some kind of manic episode.  For me, the nigiri is the only reason to go back.  Otherwise, I'll pass.
4	Do they not have a 1 per person order for the amaebi???? I only ordered one since that's how most ayce sushi places are. But it doesn't say anything on the menu, so maybe not? I'll ask next time I go ;)I started with the poke tostada and baked mussels. I really liked how huge their mussels were compared to other ayce places. Then for the nigiri: salmon and yellowtail ALWAYS! Next was sweet shrimp, tuna and eel. My grandma ordered (aside from what i got) halibut and my mom got uni. These tasted great and the portion was just right. Then we went for the big boys. I got an order of the Spider roll and a half order of Sam's Volcano. Both were yummy but I preferred my mom's Bank roll over my spider (only because it had tempura flakes lol). My grandma also ordered salmon skin roll. Then we all ordered ice cream for dessert.The only thing I would advice them is to expand their dessert menu a bit. I think that's why Goyemon is famous amongst ayce sushi places because of their dessert selection. I was quite sad I didn't get to taste their tofu cheesecake cuz they ran out. The service was excellent. The two waitress that served us were attentive and accommodating since we got confused on our orders at one point. Our drinks were refilled promptly and they themselves would ask if we wanted more. While other places act like they don't want their customers to order that much lol! Overall it was a good experience and it's definitely added to my "sushi" places, like Goyemon and Oyshi.
3	The name recently changed so I assumed that the management changed - or maybe not. I don't have a lot to say about it because it's average. It's an experience you can duplicate all over the city.Like another reviewer here, it really is not a big deal. It's average at best. Seeing this rated as 5 stars really says something about the standard sushi is held to. It wasn't bad, but certainly nothing noteworthy. Absolutely expected selection of appetizers, small side dishes, and rolls. All rolls had a dismal amount of fish and the rice was again average - as in kind of falling apart and unremarkable otherwise. If the price was lower than premium (roughly $25), then it would make more sense, but it's definitely not worth the money if you're looking for exceptional AYCE.We had one item that was actually good and that was their spin on a poki salad set on a wonton-like tostada. Other than that...On the other hand, staff was extremely friendly and welcoming. That was the best part of our visit by far.
3	The Sushi place formerly known as Brian's Beach (the sign still says Brian's Beach, btw).I went here with some sushi-loving friends - me, I'm not a fan of anything from the sea. I was prepared to get my teriyaki bowl and keep my mouth shut as they noshed on roll after roll. Unfortunately, the place was all out of chicken and the waitress had no idea when they would even get more in. Not sure what that meant, but based on the fact the restaurant was clean and all the ingredients in the sushi/my orders were nice and fresh, I am assuming they're pretty picky about where they get their ingredients from.I got the steak teriyaki bowl instead and ordered the brie & grape quesadilla as an amuse-bouche - it was really good. Maybe a bit burned, but brie and grapes are such a treat and who knew they'd serve them at a sushi place?The all-you-can-eat sushi deal had my friends thrilled - they recommended ordering half rolls of everything you want to try because you can always order more if you like it. They don't really advertise half rolls on the menu so take advantage of that on rolls you aren't confident you can eat all of.The service was okay, the waitress was really nice but she couldn't tell what roll was what when she was delivering them to the table. Not her fault (they do all sort of look the same) - maybe we needed to order less and be more cognizant of what we were asking for so we could decipher for ourselves.This restaurant is TINY - probably only seats about 20 people at tables, maybe 10 at the bar. We went at 6:30 on a Sunday and had to wait for a table for about 20 minutes (and there's no waiting area, so it was stand in the door way). Don't jostle the buddha while you're waiting.
4	Raw fish is a necessity and watch over those who come in between me and my sushi. When these cravings hit, find me the closest AYCE joint because I am ready to grub someone out of business. My friend had arrived early and waited inside for me. When you walk in, you see everything. The restaurant is small. We were placed at a two top near the divider which separates the front door from the dining area. At times, the table got cramped, but the pace of the sushi chefs helped to not overrun our table. During periods where we sat empty, the waitresses came up to thank us for our patience and made sure we were doing well. Quick refills on our iced green tea helped to not unleash any negativity. If one point of service fell behind, the other made up for it. The sushi rice held up rather well and rarely fell apart. The fish was fresh and was not masked by an overabundance of sauce. A small drizzle across to lend some flavor. My friend and I dined off of the nigiri and appetizer menu. She is allergic to shrimp, so most of the rolls were a no go. Even with our limitation, those two portions of the menu was enough to get us full. The fish to rice ratio is even. Sushi Freak does not overload on the carbs. Besides the nigiri, the Brie and Grape Quesadillas are delicious and innovative. I like the garlic chips on the Tuna Carpaccio. I would pop these nonstop if they offer them. Ask for octopus, squid, scallops, or salmon to come with a sliver of lemon to accentuate the flavor. The yellowtail came out with a slice of jalapeno and that transformed a fish I normally don't like into something magical.
2	I really don't know why this place is getting 5's. I'm really reluctant to give out too many 5's because a 5 star to me is TOP NOTCH stuff. This place is super hyped. There's nothing really special about this place other than a few special rolls that don't pack much of a punch.Seaweed Salad: 3/5 They're seaweed salad is prepared a bit different taste the same though as most places. I think this place LOVES SAUCE. I HATE things being over sauced. Their seaweed salad came with a drizzle of a yellow sauce on top of it. It made no difference to the flavor. Tasted like a normal seaweed salad a little more watery than usual. Their version of poke: 2/5 Wasn't impressed, I was very disappointed that they didn't have an Ahi poke every places has this. Instead they had a Spanish version of poke. It was like tuna with salsa on top of a chip.D.A. Roll: 1/5 I'm not much into deep fried rolls so this wasn't something I ordered. They mistakenly brought it to my table but since we had AYCE we didn't mind eating it. Sashimi Roll: 4/5 The only special thing I kind of liked on the menu. I was blown away when yelpers said there was a sushi spot that made sashimi rolls. I had to try it. Basically its your assorted fish wrapped with a thin slice of radish. The radish adds an odd flavor to the sashimi that makes the roll a bit sour and yucky. Nigiri: 4/5 Probably the only good thing about this place. The ratio of Fish to rice was just perfect 50/50. Yet we all know more fish than rice is what we really want. The fish was really fresh too. The salmon nigiri came with thin slices Tuna carpaccio:0/5 EKK OVERLY SAUCED! The thin slices of tuna were super thin and it was drenched with sauces. The caramelized toasted garlic added an eerie flavor. The Tuna Carpaccio I absolutely hated it. Baked Green Mussel: 4/5 The Baked green mussels were delicious not as sweet as orders and it was cut into 3 pieces than your usual 2 pieces. Unfortunately its 1 order person which makes it limited. AYCE: 3/5 Is limited all you can eat is suppose to be ALL YOU CAN EAT but here it seems like more than 10 items are LIMITED to one order per person. I don't like that.. I hate limitations lolOverall Doubt I'll come here again, the sushi was eh okay wasn't amazing.
3	Sushi Freak is the new Brian's Beach.After the Elite event at the Barrymore, Steve W. suggested that some of us go eat some more at the newly 're-opened' Sushi Freak.NIGIRI: Not my ideal fish-rice ratio. But hey! Not bad! Large slices of fresh, fresh fish on medium size rice nuggets. All my usual fishies tasted delicious and the uni wasn't bad. Not exceptional! But satisfactory.VARIETY: I skip out on rolls. But I do help myself to appetizers and unusual dishes.  The tuna "carpaccio" was amazing. Seared tuna drizzled with some type of mouth-watering sauce. I could've scarfed down a few plates of this. And God knows I love a good tuna tartare. The deep-fried crisps they were served on were fresh, flaky, and delicious. The stack of fried dough and tuna was a beast to eat. But just dig in; this is AYCE sushi, not a fine-dining establishment.SERVICE: Some of the best service can be found at small sushi restaurants and Sushi Freak is no exception. Steve so happened to be SF VIP so the chef prepared some special dishes and came out to speak to us personally. The girls serving our table were sweet-natured and fairly attentive. There were 7-8 of us and they had no problem splitting checks. Nothing turns me off more than restaurants that have issues tending to groups. Sushi Freak is yet another addition to my list of favorite AYCE sushi restaurants. The owner was so polite and wanted to make sure that we were all happy. He apologized  for any drag on service but assured us that they will do everything they can to keep us satisfied. These people are good people. And they serve up some mean sushi as well.
5	Since living in LV I've been to several Sushi restaurants, very few have ever impressed me! I MUST say this restaurant is my all time favorite a #1 in my book!Though the resturant maybe be small then what I'm use 2, they totally make up for it with such GREAT service, FRESH FISH & a reasonable priced AYCE! I luv the menu, a new style with a twist..Every sushi restaurant in town has basicly the same menu & very few places step out of the box! Tuna carpaccio & Poke is a must try!
5	Omg this is the best sushi place in Vegas. Ever since the new management they beat out Oyshi by a long shot!! I love the Tuna Carpaccio and Sashimi Roll, they are to die for. I have been a fan of Brians Beach for YEARS but was always reluctant to go because the service was so awful, the new management definitely fixed that! Everyone there is extremely attentive and nice. I will never go anywhere else for AYCE again!
5	Best Sushi in Vegas!I too went here when it was Brian's Beach and loved the food so much I was worried when I heard they were changing owners.  To my surprise Sushi Freak was even BETTER.  I love it, wouldn't go anywhere else. Alex Munchie and Tuna Poki are my favorites.My only reluctance to writing is review is that I don't want it to get crowded.
5	Just moved to this area and this place is literally right across from my place. I always go to sushi mon for AYCE but this place has a higher rating on yelp and it's a lot closer to my place. Came here with my girlfriend at around 10pm last Friday. Its not timed either unlike sushi mon.  AYCE dinner is $25.95 with an order of amaebi and uni. The amaebi is so fresh! Love it! Also tried their Kobe beef sushi, sashimi roll and seared tuna. Yum yum. All the staff are very attentive. They came check us every 5-10 min to see if we need anything and they always refill our cup! They also recommended us many good items on the menu...the best thing is they didn't omit any orders. All of our orders came quickly. Also, half rolls are available too:)Came back three days later with my bf around 11pm! He liked this place as well. Staffs are hospitable, even the sushi chef are friendly! This place opens till 3am!!! Didn't get AYCE this time because we are too full for it. Just crave for some sushi rolls after bowling! We ordered two rolls to share, one Philly roll and one volcano rolls :) they are about 11-12$. They also have a separate a la carte menu like sashimi dinner set etc. AYCE is highly recommended!!:) love this place! Probably wont go back to sushi mon when there's a closer, better AYCE sushi place with no lines :)
3	This used to be Brian's Beach, but they have a new ownership now. However, their menu is pretty much the same because I'm still able to get my Almost Fire roll :).I'm used to my nigiri having nothing on them, but these guys will put sauces and little toppings on them (at least, they did on my initial visit). So if you don't like to be filled up with the sauces on them, you might want to let them know.I preferred my salmon and tuna and yellowtail without anything but the wasabi and soy sauce. Service isn't bad - they're pretty attentive and nice. We were also offered a free dish, and my friend and I did appreciate the gesture. However, when you're eating AYCE, it's going to be hard to want to eat some random dish they whipped up if we're really full :/. We turned it down though, mostly cause it had California roll stuff and that's the one roll I can't stand. We were too full to eat anymore anyway. It was mostly the sauce that got to me.
4	This place has recently changed to Sushi Freak, we came today for AYCE.  We received excellent service, and the sushi was terrific.  We ordered about five items at a time and they made them as we ordered! We ate them as fast as they came!  I really enjoy fresh made sushi.  They also served  edamame and it came warm and slightly salted.  Overall, it's a great sushi house, will be back.
5	My friends and I got all you can eat sushi and shared everything. We did not have a single bad roll; all of them were delicious! The service was excellent. Even when one of my friends spilled her drink they rushed out to help clean it up. Overall this was a wonderful experience and is now one of my top favorite sushi places in town!
5	First night in vegas, we decided for a off the strip menu, sushi. Turned out this place has AYCE for $25.95. Since rolls are around $10-13 each, we decided AYCE (we were hungry). We sat at the bar, told the guy (Aaron?)  just give us what he recommends but also ordered some that sparked our interests. He was all smiles and kept them coming. Sashimi rolls are the best( he recommended).The waitress kept our counter cleared of any unwanted dishes without skipping a beat. Good price on the beer- $6.50 for large bottle.  Service was excellent and the food was great. I agree some rolls have a lot of sauce. Just tell the chef easy on the sauce...
4	This place is great, thank you yelp. We saw the high rating checked it out this past Sunday and were not disappointed. We did a la carte sushi rolls, but the all you can eat deal sounds great. The rolls were amazing and the wait staff was great.The only issue was the sign, it still said Brain's Beach Sushi, this being the first visit it definitely was confusing.
3	Me and husband went there because of all the good reviews but we were disappointed at the quality of the rice, it was super mushy it had no texture it spoiled the taste of every single roll  and the nigiri as well. The fish quality was ok but couldnt get past the fact that the rice was horrible.    Green Mussels were not tasty at all they were xtra rubbery, dry, wrinkly like they were very old.    Its a shame because I really wanted to like this placed since its close to my house, and actually the place itself is really nice and cozy and the staff is superfriendly and attentive. TOO BAD!
4	My friend came up from Hendertucky to have sushi at Brian's Beach, but as several other reviews mentioned, the place has changed hands.  The sign outside just says "SUSHI" with a banner above saying "Grand Opening."  She loved Brian's Beach (I had never been) so we were a bit skeptical but decided to give Sushi Freak a try.I'm so glad this place is not even a mile from home!  And open until 3am every night!  The place is small, bordering on very small, but not too busy at 7pm on a Thursday.  Only 6 tables and about 10 spots at the sushi bar.  We noticed half of the diners were Asian so figured this must be good stuff!The menu was kept very close to Brian's; our server said it was to honor the previous owner.  I did the AYCE and my friend started a la carte, but was hungry enough for to switch over to AYCE; our server was very accommodating.  I guess edamame was an appetizer before, but it was served after we sat. From yelpers' recommendations I started with the Poki Tower, and I had to try their Dynamite.  I've never had a Poki Tower, so I can't compare it to anything, but the flavor was amazing!  The mix of ingredients and spices was awesome! It looked like pico de gallo, but that was the only similarity.  The Dynamite was also very good.  I like Sushi Kaya's more, but Sushi Freak's was still good.I did half rolls for everything else (only available with AYCE) and had too many to remember.  The Stephanie, SSS, Almost Fire, Big B, Tiger, Alex's Muncie, were all very good.  The other two I had were also good, but I just can't remember their names!  I blame my Sushi Coma.The service was great from the greetings as we entered, to their suggestions (including things off their unpublished menu), and to the chef making a special roll for my friend who wanted something "ridiculously spicy." (It was spicy, but not ridiculously.)  Our only complaints, albeit minor, is their spicy items are not that spicy and as small as the place is there will be long waits.
5	Wow!!! What a find!! Our friends from out of town found this place on yelp and since the ratings were so good, we decided to try. Don't be fooled by the exterior and shopping center, bc it's excellent inside. A bit small but I think it makes it more personable and intimate. Service was outstanding, got lots of great reccomendations and even some off the menu items. Their special cold sake went great with the sushi. Truly a great combination. Fish was very fresh and rolls were a good size, not too big or too small and definitely well packed in the roll. Overall a five star experience for the low price of $25 for ayce!! Try it!!!
5	Wonderful place. Best dishes besides the super duper fresh fish is the tuna carpaccio, sashimi rolls and the ahi poke tostadas. I even tried the brie and grape quesadilla which was very light and yet rich at the same time.  Uni and sweet shrimp is so delicious!     Service is excellent as sushi keeps coming and the waitresses clear plates as you finish them. No problems with leftovers as we usually finish everything.Only downside is that this place is small and quickly fills up once 6pm hits. Also, fried shimp heads are limited just like the sweet shrimp, and deserts are just a pick one.Update:  Dang, I didn't know the tuna carpaccio was only 1 order per person as I gobbled up my bf's order and he couldn't get another one. I blame the little piggy inside of me.
5	Extremely friendly, great service, excellent food. They even passed the water test. We used to go to Sushi Mon but they pissed me off so we stopped going there. This place os hands down better. Will be back, repeatedly.
4	I had a good experience here.  It is a small place, but clean with nice decor.  Being that it was my first visit, I wanted to try a variety of things.  I am not picky and will try most anything, so i asked the sushi chef to just make things that he would recommend.  I wasn't disappointed and enjoyed all of the things he made.  Get yourselves a professional sign!
4	The sushi and rolls were good, but a step below my favorite spots around town. All you can eat during dinner hours is $25.95 and that includes everything on the menu.Of the nigiri we tried the tuna and fresh water eel were the standouts. The yellowtail and halibut were decent as well. The cuts of fish were ample sized and more than covered the rice underneath.The rolls we tried were well formed and used a minimal amount of rice -- about two grains thick. The Stephanie roll had chopped albacore, shrimp wrapped with sliced avocado and garlic ponzu sauce. The Jane roll was a yellowtail roll wrapped with spic tuna on top. Other items that made their way to my plate and into my stomach are the seafood tostada and vegetable tempura. The tostada consisted of a variety of diced up fish, garlic chips, green onions and sesame seeds on a thin square that had a fried wonton texture to it. It was a good mix of flavors and textures, but a little messy to eat.  The veggie tempura was pretty standard and the batter was rather unimpressive and bland.The service was both fast and efficient when it came to ordering and receiving our food.
5	My friends and I wanted to do Goyemon at 9pm, but the wait was two hours long. Uhh, okay, plan B?I remembered reading about Sushi Freak on Yelp, and they were only a few miles away, so we called them up. No wait, you say? Interesting. When we got there at around 9:30, there was nobody around but us and the employees. Yeah, they weren't kidding.If the indicator of a good AYCE sushi experience is the intensity of the food coma that you get afterward, then this one has to rank among the best. The variety and quality of appetizers is pretty ridiculous, and I didn't even get to try the dynamite or the beef teriyaki. Only managed to try four of their many rolls as well. The nigiri was solid. I've gotta come back here eventually, and I definitely envy people who live on this side of town because they have Goyemon and a place that made me forget mostly about Goyemon for one night.(short version of the review ends here... read on for details that I felt obligated to include)We had a bunch of appetizers first, appropriate enough. Yeah, they were pretty "freaky." One app was fish on a mini tostada mixed with diced tomatoes and sprinkled with crunchy garlic slices. Pretty good! And those brie and grape quesadillas, whoa. They're a nice cleanser between spicy or tangy portions. The tuna carpaccio was also really delish and featured the crunchy garlic. The sashimi roll didn't seem that flavorful to me though. Oh yeah, obviously we had to have the mussels, which are actually 5 per order. Loved them. All of these were pretty much one order per person, but that's fine since you still wanna have room for later.Speaking of which... the nigiri and rolls were just as enjoyable. I'm lame, so I picked the lemon slices off the salmon nigiri and the jalapenos off the yellowtail (after I bravely tried one piece). Oh yeah, we were able to get garlic tuna and cajun albacore (latter by waitress suggestion), which I don't think were on the menu. Garlic tuna wasn't the best I've had around Vegas, but cajun albacore is up there. For some reason, the super white ("white tuna") was really great the first time and not so good the second time. Maybe we were just that hungry? But then again, my sweet shrimp heads arrived near the very end of our session, and I still enjoyed those a lot.Dessert for me was mochi and my buddy's green tea ice cream. They have a lot of mochi flavors compared to other places, and I picked coffee, which was just awesome. The ice cream was also good, and it seemed to be a larger portion than I usually see. That and the shrimp heads were a nice end to a nice meal.Overall, service was pretty good. Waitress seemed a bit flustered all night, miscounting utensils and forgetting to state policies up front, but she did give us some nice suggestions to order from the "secret" menu, including that tostada. The speed was nice though. Actually, our (large) first order was coming out so fast that she offered to ask them to slow it down a little. Not bad at all. Also, the employees' shirts even told us to freak until 3 am. Yeah, I think I could live with their attitude. Maybe I'll do a late night jaunt some time to see if they live up to that. Or maybe I'll go at lunch instead... the lighting tonight seemed a little dim to me. Would've loved to see the colors stand out more, but live with what you can I guess.
1	I have to say, I am quite frustrated with the service of the place. This was around 1PM when my girl and I went there. We had our seat, and there were LITERALLY two other customers inside. So there shouldn't have been a long waiting time. After we made our first order (Tuna Poke) we then had to wait 15 minutes to just get that. On the flip side, all the other guest are being serviced IMMEDIATELY. We first thought that maybe they had a big order, so we gave them the benefit of a doubt. Then afterwards more customers were coming in and ALL the chefs started making THEIR orders!   We soon noticed that the chef would take our order from the waitress, then place it to the side, and then start making orders for different guest that have been waiting a lot less time. For every one order we did get to the table (which weren't many), they would sling out 3 to four orders to the other customers. I wish I taken video of this....!!!! This was just a bad experience from the beginning to the end, the waitress didn't even acknowledge that we've been waiting a lot longer. Even when I politely asked about when the orders would be ready, all she said was, "Soon!" And then walked away. I didn't show any signs of being mad. We just paid our bill, and left....  And coming from the customer service industry, I am very lenient, I would happily pay more for good service, even if the food was not so great.
4	I'm not big on all you can eat sushi however I am into great sushi!  The reason I don't normally like all you can eat sushi is it is not the best quality of fish.  This place has a wonderful selection of good quality sushi, I was very impressed.  The chefs are great and quick, the wait staff are really nice and always filling your drinks they seem to treat you like family.  The owner was working behind the sushi bar and we started talking he was one of the chefs who opened one of the large sushi places on the strip he followed his dream and opened his own place Sushi Freak.  He has little twists on a lot of what we ordered some had a touch of sauce or a little something special on them, the rolls are good and you can get a half roll so you can break up the meal.  He has a lot of experience designing and creating some great dishes my favorite of the night was the Tuna Carpaccio YUM!  He was extremely generous and no qualms about you eating your fill and even offers more once you are full.  So for an all you can eat sushi I will definitely be back for seconds and thirds...  Next time I think we are going to let him decide what we eat and just try some of his creations!
5	Went here after a concert at like what 12 or 12:30 at night?  My friends were like it stays open to 3am!!  That's definite points in my book.  Its a small place but man that food is freaking amazing!!  Stayed nearly til closing, everyone is super friendly in there too!!  DEFINTELY coming back
5	We just got back from Vegas to SF and we are compelled to write a review for Sushi Freak. During our stay in Vegas this weekend, we ate here TWICE! Once on Sunday night and today before our flight. Forget going to overpriced restaurants on the strip, if you have some wheels, it is so worth it to drive down Flamingo drive to Sushi Freak. This has got to be one of the best sushi places EVER! The rolls are very creative and very good! A must try is the Big B Roll--do it! because you won't regret it. We got the AYCE deal and what's cool is that you can even order half rolls to try out more of the selection. Fish is very fresh. Service is really good and attentive. Great interaction with staff and the owner. We will definitely be coming back next time we're in town and this is gonna be one of the places we recommend to friends going to LV.
5	Wow. This place is a real treat. Went there after reading all the reviews and boy was i not disappointed.  I WILL BE BACK.Came back the following week and they did the impossible. It was even better the next time.Friendly staff and great food.Unlike most AYCE sushi places this one goes the extra mile:* touch of wasabi on the maki* lemon and sea salt with the ikaAll the plates are made like you are paying for each roll.  You will not be dissapointed
4	Good solid sushi.  Awesome value.  Everything is good quality and the service is excellent.  They never leave your water or tea half-empty.  The menu isn't the most innovative, except for the brie and grape quesadilla (definitely worth having).Still, it's a good price for a lot of food.  And where some other all-you-can-eat sushi places give you pressure to hurry up or limit your menu, this place is very relaxed.
5	Sushi Freak has dethroned Goyemon as my favorite AYCE restaurant.  I've been here four times in less than a month, bringing different friends to experience it. There's not much in the way of atmosphere, but they more than make up for it with amazing food and service.The fish is extremely fresh - I've only really gotten into sushi within the last year or so and was never sure if I could discern good quality from bad, but I can really taste the difference here. The super white tuna is sublimely buttery and almost melts in your mouth. It's always a favorite of mine, but the quality and freshness here is beyond what I've experienced anywhere else. I've also had tuna, salmon, yellowtail, mackerel, and snapper nigiri, and all were similarly fresh. As mentioned in previous reviews, a lot of the nigiri comes with garnish. The garlic tuna comes with a dollop of minced garlic on top, and the salmon is served with a lemon twist. I don't mind this, and it can easily be removed if it's not to your taste. As enamored as I am with the nigiri, I haven't tried many rolls. The two I've been ordering regularly are Jane and Ponzio. Jane is yellowtail and cucumber inside with spicy tuna on top, and Ponzio features tuna, albacore, and avocado, topped with albacore and finished with ponzu and sprouts. The rolls are pretty small, and they allow half-orders for AYCE, so it's easy to try them until you find your favorites.The tuna carpaccio appetizer is topped with delicious fried garlic slivers, ponzu, and yum yum sauce. I'm not a mayo fan and find that the yum yum overpowers the fish, so I ask them to leave it off. The dessert selection consists of a nice variety of ice cream and mochi flavors, but is missing some of the more unique options found at Goyemon.The service has been amazing on every occasion. This is a very small restaurant and it's never been busy when I've dined, but there are always at least two servers and two sushi chefs working. Orders come out very quickly and plates are cleared as soon as they're emptied. The servers are all very friendly and attentive, and frequently check if you'd like to order more - a nice change from some places where you feel like you have to tackle someone to put an order in.I'm really struggling to come up with negative aspects of Sushi Freak. The only very minor issues I can think of are the lack of fresh wasabi and the limited dessert options. The fresh fish and friendly, fast service put them at the top of my list.
4	You have to be a sushi fan to know what sushi place is good and not.  Sushi Freak is for sure Freak'in good!  One of my favorites is the Tuna tuna Carpaccio.  Their fish is very good quality.  You can't go wrong eating AYCE sushi here!
5	A nice small place where the fish is extremely fresh and the chef takes pride in his creations and freshness. Extremely friendly staff that makes you want to come back. Is Def up there with the best sushi places in town and it has ayce
5	By far the freshest AYCE in town! I can't tell you how excited I am that this place is close to my work. I have a new favorite AYCE sushi place! I visited on a Friday afternoon around 2:30 and they weren't very busy. The waitress was very friendly and took my order right away. I never once had to ask for a refill on my drink, the service was beyond efficient. The sushi chef recommended some nigiri and came through with some amazing selections. I tried the following: scallop, salmon, white tuna, ahi tuna, and cajun albacore. Every bite of the nigiri was delicate, fresh and savory. I ordered a couple of rolls which were executed perfectly: volcano roll and a spicy crab hand roll. The sides I ordered were: dynamite, shrimp tempura and green mussels. Everything was delicious. I was amazed at how wonderful every bite of food was.
5	For $25 this has to be one of the best AYCE so far that I've tried in Vegas. Seriously good rolls! Some of my faves there though we're the super white tuna nigiri (OMG GOOD) and the Tuna carpaccio! Highly recommend this place and they stay open until 3am?! Good to know after a night out!
3	Service was good, sushi was fresh but for an AYCE restaurant, Sushi Freak can't compare to House of Goyemon.  The selection at Sushi Freak is limited and they only allow one dessert per person? C'mon!
5	OMG. EAT HERE NOW. The flavors burst in our mouth. Mouthgasm. The service is really sweet and the chefs informs you the sushi status if it takes awhile. Although it is small it's cute and clean.
5	Solid.  I am forever searching for the next Sin City Sushi now that Sin City has fallen from grace in terms of service.  It's like looking for a unicorn.  In spite of the fact that Sushi Freak does not offer oyster shooters (my favorite), what Freak offers is pretty freaking awesome. Pun totally intended. hehe.  The sushi was very fresh and service was awesome.  Could be because the restaurant was the size of my closet, but my closet is pretty bomb and I was still impressed at how attentive everyone was.We had a few different rolls and everything was amazing.  What can I say?  We like white people sushi and only occasionally order nigiri.  Everyone around us was eating the nigiri though and it looked fabulous. The definite way to get your $$ worth.  Take my advice, order the tuna carpaccio.  Just make sure your date has some so you both taste like garlic.
4	We finally made it to Sushi Freak! (although, I may need to change the name on this review since I heard that they are going to be now called 'Sushi Koma' or 'Sushi Buzzz'). We were greeted right away, we sat at the sushi bar, and we ordered AYCE (and a Sapporo, duh!).Edamame to start, it was okay, a little bowl that seemed to be microwaved... Then we got two orders of white tuna and their tuna carpaccio. The white tuna was buttery and fresh and the carpaccio was more like a garlic tuna - both were good.I was disappointed that they don't have tuna poke, they offered a tuna tostada... we passed. I don't want 'kind of a poke,' I want poke!I love that you can get 1/2 rolls with AYCE.We had the Ponzio, Fish Paradise, Stephanie and Dragon Rolls (1/2 orders)I liked them all, the sauce was slightly heavy-handed, but really good!We had to have one more order of white tuna (mmm mmm good!). I also ordered mackerel (thats my judge on a good sushi spot, if its fresh, its a keeper).Needless to say, Sushi Freak (Koma / Buzzz) is a KEEPER! With a huge portion of tempura ice cream for dessert, we were stuffed, happily so!The server was friendly, attentive and gave great suggestions. We will be back for sure!
4	Its good but not good as Goyemon. Their fish is fresh and have good rolls but lack variety compared to the other sushi places I've hit up. Worth trying once.
4	Pretty awesome place. Garlic chips on raw fish?!? Yes. Yes please. The ladies are super nice here. The sushi guys are nice....a little slow but nice. Their all you can eat is pretty great.
5	I am a weekly customer of this place and the staff is great and the food is always top notch. The fried ice cream is new and I crave it all the time. I have tried many sushi places and this place is by far the best
4	Ok their food and prices are GREAT. Their fish is very fresh. I love their natto hand rolls but they really need to work on their speed.  Even for simple orders, they are quite slow and that is a big problem with this place.  If they get the slightest bit busy, you can easily wait 10 min for 1 item.  I have no problem going back here, but only during slow times or late at night when it's not busy.
5	Best all you can eat sushi ever! Everything was so fresh and delicious...made to order so it can take a little long.  So inexpensive for great quality!   Cons: -you can only order one order of uni and amaebi -service can be a little slow when it's busy but they are still pretty attentive!We need this in Hawaii!!!
3	This was my first and maybe my last visit at this sushi joint. My boyfriend and I were a bit disappointed with the quality and variety of sushi, appetizers and desserts that they offered. For dinner, they charged $25.95 for AYCE...a bit pricey compared to the other sushi joints that offered a better menu selection for their AYCE and charged the same amount.I can say the 3 stars came from the great service that they provided and probably the Sashimi Roll (salmon and tuna wrapped in thinly sliced daikon). Overall... This is just another ordinary sushi joint.
3	Food is great; service is not-so-great.  The food came out quickly; however, the wait staff was not the nicest.
4	All-around good sushi joint. Good food & nice waitstaff. I always get the jane roll (spicy tuna w/ eel i think), but everything else i've tried so far has been yum.
5	I was so blown away by the quality of sushi the had here. The wife and I decided to give this a try looking at yelp for some great reviews. We nailed it and my wife was very happy with me. We opted for the AYCE for lunch and we were sooo happy. We love sushi and we now have a new spot plus they are open until 3am. You must try this place now. Don't let the outside fool you. You will thank me later.
5	Awesome sushi and my new go-to spot to get my sushi fix. My girlfriend and I used to go to sushi mon, but after trying this place out and experiencing the freshness of the fish combined with the amazing service... I completely forgot about sushi mon. The owner is super nice and everybody in there has a smile and encourages you to try different things. Not only that, they make sure they cater to exactly what you want. If you mention you don't like green onions on top of your sushi, then that'll be the last time you ever see it on top.... No need to remind them like at several sushi places I've been to. They really care about their customers here and that's a big deal for me. On a side note, the owner had said that they might change the name to something other than sushi freak soon... Also it's a bit small in there but I can care less bc their sushi and service is A+++++++ haha.
4	Glad I got to try out this place. The sushi was fresh and plentiful. I recommend the Super White Tuna! The rice was a bit mushy, but still had good flavor.Sushi aside, the real treat is in their appetizers! I think you only get one each in the AYCE price, but they have some sort of poki tower served on a fried crisp that was absolutely outstanding! It was cuts of sashimi tossed in a citrus/soy like sauce sitting on top of a fried crisp. Then it was topped with green onions and fried garlic slices. The garlic slices is what sent the dish over the top!The sashimi roll was very good too!Service was great! Strike up a conversation with the chefs. They are very friendly!Its a bit of a haul from the strip, but if you are a visitor/tourist (like me), you can take the bus straight from the strip along flamingo (between Caesars and Bellagio) all the way out to Durango.You can spend $35 for a crappy buffet on the strip, or you can catch the bus out to Sushi Freak for some pretty good AYCE sushi! Your choice!
2	Alas, I was duped.  I was conned by people claiming this place was a Mecca for AYCE sushi.  I don't think it's bad, but it's not great.  And from someone who isn't a sushi snob at all, that's pretty crap-tastic.  My wife didn't like the sushi at all.  I think we're going to have to stick to Yama Sushi, Island Sushi, or Sushi Fever.  I had the SSS roll (shrimp lover type roll), some salmon and yellowtail nigiri, the octopus roll, and a couple other rolls.  The SSS roll had a strange texture, but it was alright.  You can't go wrong with nigiri.  It was fresh and delicious.  The octopus roll had lemon rind in it.  Really?  It kills all other flavors.  It really wasn't good...Another thing I noticed was that they put the chipotle mayo and yum yum sauce on our rolls, even though those sauces weren't in descriptions.  Normally people probably don't care, but I'm not a big fan of either.  I prefer ponzu or nothing at all.  Also, the cream cheese tasted a bit off.  We didn't get sick at all, so it wasn't spoiled, but it just didn't have a good taste to it.Sorry Sushi Freak.  For a bill, with tip, of over $70 for two people, I'm not freaking impressed.
1	I don't understand why this place has such good reviews? Hubby and I went there to check it out due to the high ratings, BIG disappointment! We decided to get the AYCE to sample the various rolls. The flavors were boring and bland. We've had waay better sushi here jn town. The service was ok BUT I came here to get some good rolls and we definitely will not be coming back. It is not worth the money at all!!!
5	Yummy! I love Sushi Freak. I had been craving sushi for a couple days and decided to go check this place out. Me and my boyfriend loved the complimentary edamame :o) we shared the miso soup which was delicious! And we had a garden salad with sesame dressing ... Yummy! We shared three rolls, I couldn't tell you the names now! But they were all good. Yum yum sauce is delicious!! We had one roll that was deep fried. I had never seen that before but it was good. There were 2 waitresses taking care of us and they were both very attentive and accurate and cute! Everything was perfect for a good date night with my baby!
5	Awesome rolls! Awesome service!! The waitresses are very friendly and the food is fresh! Ask for the sushi tostada! It not on  the menu but it's amazing! My favorite was the Kimmy roll, my husband's, the almost hot roll.  (We think that was the name)
3	All-you-can-eat $22/lunch or $26/dinner.  For $26 during lunch, raw shrimp and uni (sea urchin) is included.  The inside is pretty nice and service was decent.  There is a large variety of rolls and nigiri (no sashimi) that were pretty fresh.  My favorite items were the tuna carpaccio, salmon nigiri, white tuna nigiri, and uni.  However, the nigiri came out with too much rice in my opinion.  The Washington, Cali, Denver, and Venice rolls were among the table's favorite. They also served the uni last (even though I ordered it first) because it's expensive and they probably hoped that I was too full so I would cancel it...Overall, I've had better buffets in Vegas and would probably not come back!
5	Stopped in for lunch on Sunday.  This was our first visit and we will DEFINITELY be coming back! The sushi on the menu is delicious but if you really want a unique experience ask your sushi chef for a surprise.
5	My better half and I go to Sushi Koma almost weekly, and always enjoy ourselves.  We are both late night people, and it helps that SK is open until 3a. Second, the food is always very good, and consistent.  And the service... WOW! Everyone at SK has always been above and beyond friendly, and Judy is simply wonderful.  From the first visit, she has helped make SK special.  We don't just go to dine, we go to visit, and have a good time (order the Junmai sake... Great stuff, especially after a long night!).Granted, we order a la' carte, and stay away from AYCE, simply due to the concept, so I can't comment on that one way or another.  What I do know is everything we have ever ordered has been fresh, and executed properly.  Tako, Super White, even some of the specialty rolls prepared to order, have always been exceptional, and we've never left unsatisfied. Considering how many Sushi restaurants are around, Sushi Koma is definately a great place, great food, and service you just don't find in other places.  I may be a bit biased at this point, but trust me, I wouldn't keep going back if a lot of elements didn't connect the way they do here.
5	The Sushi Freak is amazing..  Everyone treated me like GOLD from my very first visit, and since then they treat me like family..  The food is amazing and the service is impeccable! It's my absolutely favorite Sushi place in Vegas!
5	I'm an extreme sushi snob when it comes to fish. So when Goyemon went down the drain with all of the rest of this towns run down sushi joint, Sushi Freak came to the rescue. I've never had anything but exceptional service here, whether it's early in the day or really late at night. The owner of the place has personally introduced himself and always made sure everything was in order. They also have the freshest fish I've encountered at a sushi joint. The service is awesome and it's small but homey so I love it. Christine is one of my favorite servers and it's a type of atmosphere where I don't mind my server talking to me and laughing with me and suggesting items. They know what I like and I almost could skip ordering and get what I want anyways. I tend to always order nigiri and maybe a roll if I'm into it. But I'm a nigiri girl at heart and I love the extra garnishing they add, if you don't like it simply ask them not to put it there.  MY FAVORITE BY FAR. I just hope their popularity doesn't go to their heads like it did with Goyemon, that would be a sad sad day for me.
4	Used to be Brian's Beach Sushi but i guess they changed the name. AAAAANNNNDDDDD they're pending another name change to Sushi Koma due to...lawyers....Sushi is pretty good and they're pretty creative with some of their menu items. A lot of the premium choices you're gonna need to ask your waitress about. Some of the REALLY good stuff is only one per person sadly.The Tuna Carpaccio is just really good. It's the baked/fried slivers of garlic that kick it up a notch. The various items we ordered were all pretty good but i cant judge them on just this one time considering inventory and stock and freshness of the fish.Will gladly return as they close at 3am and is good for late night sushi cravings.Oh the beef teriyaki, VERY nice. Not just beef either a few cuts of onions and carrots.
4	First off - this an an AYCE joint. Lunch $22, Dinner $26. It's open until 3am!Onto the food! This place has some interesting menu items for sure. Brie and grape quesadilla? Where did that even come from? Still, I can't knock it because I did not try it. When you sit down, they'll bring out some deliciously salted hot edamame which is a perfect nom before the storm that is AYCE.Their nigiri list includes all of the usual suspects and some off the menu items such as garlic tuna and Cajun albacore. One of the stars of the menu is the Ahi Tuna Carpaccio which is really a tataki, not carpaccio at all. It has a lovely sear and is topped with green onion, garlic chips, ponzu and yum yum sauce. I'd recommend skipping the yum yum sauce. Highlights for the nigiri: Ono, hamachi, hotate, Cajun albacore and maguro. Skip the tamago - it isn't made in house. The tako is also not worth ordering, it's super tough.Unfortunately, this place seems to be hit or miss. I've been twice in the same week and the first time was unbelievably  good and fresh! Upon eating the ono (super white tuna) I realized how watery all of the other fish I've been eating is! The second time around was a total miss and I only ate four orders of nigiri which is a record low for me. So if you go, hopefully it's a good night, because when it's good, it is a-maz-ing. Best quality fish I've had for Las Vegas AYCE.Another noteworthy aspect of this restaurant is the little touches they add to each order of nigiri. Serrano chile for the hamachi, lemon slices for the salmon. This can either be a good thing or a bad thing. Every now and then a garnish to compliment the fish is welcome by me, but when every order is garnished, it becomes too much and I'd rather focus on the fish.Other hot menu items: The gyoza- I'd skip it, it's only decent. The shrimp tempura- smaller than usual shrimp, slightly heavy and greasy batter. The spicy tuna hand roll (with avocado)!- the spicy tuna here has a distinct Korean funk about it; it's heavily seasoned and redolent of gochujang.Oh, if you like rolls, there was a large selection conveniently separated into fried, baked, shrimp tempura etc. sections for ease of finding what you want.
4	Ate here for the second time and forgot how good this place was when I first visited. I would definitely say that this sushi joint ranks among my top 3 here in town. Despite the fact that AYCE sushi here in Las Vegas are a dime a dozen, the quality and flavor of Sushi Freak stood out to me the most. They have your typical rolls with the same typical names, but then they also have their own unique style of rolls which give a refreshing change. Furthermore, they also have their own special dishes like the Tuna Carpaccio, I could eat that all day and everyday, definitely brought out the wow factor. The restaurant is very clean, staff is super nice, service is excellent, and theyre open till 3am. So what's not to like? Reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the 1 limit per person on some of the specialty items. Personally for me an AYCE sushi should offer EVERYTHING as AYCE whether I want to have 50 mochi ice creams or 100 pieces of that fish. However, this sushi place is absolutely still worth going to, whether you get that sushi itch for lunch, or at midnight. I'm a fan, and i'll be going back regularly.
4	Another great AYCE sushi bar to add to my list! The name's now been changed to Sushi Koma because another restaurant federally trademarked 'Sushi Freak.' The place is a bit small, sitting up to maybe 30 people at most. My friend and I were immediately greeted by the sushi chef as we walked in. Prices were pretty standard' the AYCE lunch is $21.95, for dinner it's $25.95. I found myself eating more of the appetizers and nigiri than the rolls. The Tuna Carpaccio is to die for, sadly it's only 1 order per person. The Sashimi Roll was alright, but to me it lacked flavor. I was surprised they didn't have Agedashi Tofu on their menu since it's usually a pretty popular appetizer. The Yellowtail nigiri is a must-order, in fact, all of their nigiri was fresh and tasty. They don't skimp on each slice either, unlike some other places I've been to. The rolls were good too, but I only had room in my stomach to try 3 half orders, so I will definitely try more next time. Other than the fresh fish, what stood out to me the most was the great service. The 2 waitresses were very attentive and patient, always checking in to make sure plates were being cleared and drinks were refilled. And they didn't have a fake attitude, they were genuinely nice about serving us, which is something you don't see much of these days. Overall, great food, great service, I'll be back soon!
4	Hole in the wall place with good fresh tasting sushi. All-u-can-eat is the way to go. Service is good,but, slow getting the food out. The cute waitresses are very friendly and attentive. I'll be back!
5	Fish is very tasty and very fresh. Staff is attentive and polite, friendly and can strike up a good conversation. There are rolls that are both familiar and unique, and all of them were impressive. The brie and grape quesadillas were a pleasant savory and sweet surprise, and the menu options for AYCE are practically limitless! Can't wait to visit again and bring some friends to experience it, too.
5	good price , good fresh fish, good size slices, great service, wish I lived in Vegas, I'd go once a week.
5	As I eat more and more sushi, I have been eating rolls less and nigiri more. The sushi here is fantastic. Great fish, cut perfectly, with amazing rice. That's all there is to it. Simple things, executed well. Very rare to see this high level of attention to the nigiri in an AYCE joint.
4	Came here solely because I read a review from one of my previous customers. (Hi, Heather H! =o] )The day my bf and I stopped in, the AC was in repairs. The owner/manager (not sure) made it a point to come by and ask us how we were doing, and informed us that they were getting their AC fixed as soon as possible. He was also offering more than the one dessert per person because of the heat. I liked that he was concerned about the well-being and comfort of his patrons. Anyway, I have to say that this place delivers. Their hamachi was pretty fresh, and their appetizers and selection had a lot of variety. I liked the tuna carpaccio, and a few other things that I can't remember the names of. (oops!) This place gets a 4 from me.
4	Sushi Koma coma. We sit at the sushi bar and the servers got us with drinks, some edamame and started a appetizer order for us. Where we sat at the bar, there is a sign and a plate blocking so we were hard to see, but for a while weren't really being greeted by the sushi chefs or asked if we wanted to order even though they knew we were there. I guess the ladies sensed us shifting after we've eaten most out apps and asked if we wanted to order from them. Eventually we were able to make sushi orders to the chefs, but the servers here are amazingly top notch. Super friendly, attentive and intuitive to diners needs and absolutely should be praised for it. We tried - APPS *sashimi roll- don't think it's the size of a regular roll, it's a bit smaller, with asparagus in the middle and wrapped in white radish and it goes with a sweet sauce (eel I think) and sweet mayo. Personally would have gone without the sweet sauce and maybe done a ponzu instead. Still, pretty interesting and good. *tuna carpaccio - peppered tuna slices, some ponzu, mayo and crisp garlic. It's pretty tasty of a combination, though I was unsure of the creaminess at first. *seafood toastada- this was tasty with a bit spicy and sweet sauce, chopped fish on a crispy wonton. These are one per person though the menu doesn't state it... I assume the sashimi roll and tuna carpaccio are as well, but we only got to ordering one of each of those.*dynamite - It's a guilty pleasure of mine, this was standard but pretty good.NIGIRI*albacore - This was fresh and had a interesting flavor...almost a smoky flavor to it or the sauce. *cajun albacore - Now this is cajun indeed! It was rather spicy! This and the regular albacore wasn't on their menu, but we asked and they had it....Perhaps ask what nigiri isn't listed as there are a few you may miss! *yellowtail - Theirs was really fresh and served with ponzu and a thin jalapeno slice which was a nice kick. We kept ordering this, the favorite of the night.*red snapper- I normally don't like this, but I go back to try once in a while. Here it was rather fresh and enjoyable. *scallop- Whole scallop nigiri is one of my favorites. We normally ask in our favorite spot for masago/tobiko on top and a squeeze of yuzu sauce. The scallop was fresh and sweet here, but their yuzu sauce is rather sweet than citrus so I don't know if it has yuzu at all. Iwould order without and maybe do a touch of lemon next time. I generally lean towards tangy flavors than sweet when it comes to sushi.*mackerel- One of my favorite things to order, here it was just okay. It was a bit stronger flavor and salty than I would like. *uni - Theirs was fresh and sweet! It's a recent acquired taste I'm liking more and more, so I'm sensitive to when it's not fresh and very iodine tasting. I like theirs a lot. ROLL*Denver roll - We got this based on it having soft shell crab so I was kinda expecting it to be like a spider roll, with a big crab in it, this had more of it sliced then fried. It was alright, I like the crunch with the shrimp on top and the crab mix. I'm not a roll person normally, but I appreciate their rice ratio in rolls is rather fair. *salmon skin handroll- Unlike some places where the skin has a bit a meat, this is pure skin goodness. It makes for a really chip like crisp to it. Theirs has the usual sprouts, cucumber and gobo root, but one thing I've never had is this was also wrapped with some shiso/ perilla leaf in it! I happen to like that taste and enjoyed the flavor combination in this handroll, but it may be strong to some. DESSERT included is ice cream or mochi. The BF and I shared a green tea ice cream and a mango since it's limit one dessert per person and I must say that I really like their green tea ice cream. Its consistency was rather creamy and smooth and the flavor was a bit floral which I'm a fan of. OVERALL? I thought the fish was fresh and the food was pretty enjoyable. The service from the servers are some of the best around town. We also got asked toward the end of our meal how we liked the experience which isn't usual and I think shows that they care to strive where they can improve. I presume the friendly guy that chatted us up was the owner or a manager.  I will be back for sure, I work close by and we eat late. For now, this is a step behind my usual late night sushi spot.
1	I was super exciting to come to this place after all the good reviews. Finally decided to come on a Sunday afternoon. Me and three of my friends have arrived at 2pm. The restaurant was small and there were only three tables beside us. (Two persons per table) One server and two chefs in the restaurant, it is short of stuffs for a Sunday afternoon. After we been waiting 20-25mins, three of the rolls and two salads have arrived. We thought the food should be here faster because most of the AYCE places are speedy. All the food from our table was down into our tummy, but rest of the order hasn't came. 45mins has passed, some of the food finally has delivered. We been sitting in the restaurant for an hr, we were still not even half way full. Why?! Because they are at turtle speed status!! It is ridiculously slow and the food wasn't extremely yummy. It is really disappointing!!!
4	After hearing about Sushi Koma (aka Sushi Freak), from a couple of friends and family I deceided to try the buffet for Lunch with three adults and an infant.  The restaurant is located in a neighborhood shopping center, where other storeowners had limited success.  The place is on the small side, and we entered at 11:30 to find ourselves the only ones there.  The menu was extensive, and the sushi was suprisingly fresh and tasty.  The rolls were good quality and were not drowned in sauce, so you were able to enjoy the taste of the fish.  The rice to fish ratio was well balanced.  When we left the restaurant two hours later the place was packed with customers.  I wouldn't call this restaurant the greatest sushi place I have eaten at, but the food was very good, and probably the best sushi that I have tasted on the west side of town.  I would definitely come back again.  This place is well worth a visit.  Try it... you'll like it.
5	We wanted sushi, and we had a good experience here before, so we came back for another go.  The Ayce sushi is very good, made fresh, with flavors that go beyond the ordinary.  The service was great, and it didn't seem we were ordering too much, which some places make you feel bad when you order another eight pieces!  We know what we like and this is a great sushi house for sure!  I don't know what's up with the name changes, but as long as it's the same great flavors we'll continue to come back.
4	I came here a few times when they first opened to see what all the buzz was about since so many people were giving them 5 stars~ It turned out that I actually knew a couple of the sushi chefs who were brought over from Ra Sushi at Fashion Show! The fish was very fresh and yummy when I went however the rice was a little hard for my taste. I did LOVE the tuna carpaccio with garlic chips and the quesadilla with grapes was different & tasty! Like people have mentioned before they do seem to add more sauce than other places but if you just let them know from the get go that you don't like saucy things they will refrain. The service is very fast and friendly! The restaurant itself is pretty small though! I will say Goyemon has one leg up on them for having more creative desserts. But this place is definitely worth checking out & I have to support my Korean brothas~ hahaTip: don't forget to get a stamp loyalty card
5	Seafood tostada is not on the menu, but ask for it!
4	This place is really good.  I thought the staff was extremely friendly and attentive.  Even when the restuarant got busy they were always checking on us or either apologizing that if they hadn't come by in awhile to check on us.  I thought the ayce was really good even though there is not as much selection as goyemon, but the quality of the fish was good and thats what really matters.  I do wish that some items were not a one time only.  i understand the uni and sweet shrimp, but the ice cream and tuna carpaccio.  I love the fact that it wasn't overly busy and I didn't have to wait over an hour to be seated.  I will be coming back here due to the fresh tasting fish and friendly staff.
5	I'm not an AYCE sushi fan. However, I am a Sushi Koma fan! Fresh fish, not the best I've ever had but good, great customer service and very fast getting your order to you.The only thing we really didn't care for was the green mussels but everything else was right on point. Our servers were very fast, friendly and efficient. We will definitely be going back!
5	Another onolicious ACYE Sushi joint!  I love this place!  The staff is attentive, always making sure if needed to order anymore and our drinks were always filled!  They also offer unique AYCE items, such as their sashimi roll which is wrapped in a daikon radish filled w/ various fish (very delicate & delicious), tuna capriccio seared tuna with a garlic chips and a ponzu style sauce, and of course their ono nigiri.  Perfectly sized on a not so big mound of sushi rice!  They also have the typical AYCE desserts to clean your palate from your SUSHI eating fest, such as mochi ice cream, plum wine, red bean, and green tea!  I would definitely come back because I love supporting my locals and who doesn't love a quality product served with a smile!
5	Fresh, yummy sushi! The tiger roll was delicious. The service was friendly and excellent. Small, but nice atmosphere.
5	Best sushi and service in town. Their menu is a little different from other places. They have way more creative dishes for a little sushi place. I also like that it's kind of just a nice little hole in the wall sushi place that will surprise you. Yes, way better than Goyemon.
3	Ive ate here twice so far. If youre confused, yes this was formally known as sushi freak. Either way, the menu is the same. This venue is too small but the service is really nice. The taste of most of their dishes are delicious! Some are "eh." But thats seafood food combinations for you. I recommend their baked mussels! Just dont come with a party of 20. you wont fit.
2	I really don't understand how Sushi Koma is so highly rated.... But I'm not anyone to say that people have bad taste. But I'm definitely not coming back here.If there is one thing I can rave about Sushi Koma(formerly known as Sushi Freak), it's the great service. The waitresses were consistent and quick to serve my friends and I. The chefs were also courteous as they checked up on us as well from time to time. Unfortunately, service may be their only fine asset.The sushi itself, was terrible. First off, the rice was crispy and overcooked. It felt like I was eating rice krispies, with fish... The rolls were mediocre. Not worth the AYCE tag of $25. I'd rather go eat at a buffet, where I'm sure you'll find better tasting sushi and rolls even though they specialize in multiple types of foods. I'll make it short, you can get the same sushi at your local grocery stores. I drove 13 miles to waste money, appetite, and gas.I have no hard feelings for this place. They just need to work on the quality of their sushi. Otherwise, they have probably the best service that I've experienced up to this point. But service itself does not make up for the lack of sushi quality. For you sushi fanatics, trust me, Koma is not worth the the trip. Don't expend all your resources and appetite like I did.
4	My new favorite all-you-can-eat sushi spot.
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch bite upon landing in Vegas. Very friendly, efficient, young staff, including waitress and 2 young sushi chefs behind sushi bar -recommend sitting there as they like to surprise you with little sample rolls in between the orders. Apparently new mgt since 2/12 and they deserve notice-one of the friendliest AYCE sushi bar staff ever. Rolls were good, had a wide assortment-do the half rolls so you can try more. Only 4 stars as rice fell apart too easily, and pieces of fish in the rolls very tiny. But again....it's AYCE so I get it.
5	I'm a fan of AYCE.  I'm also a fan of Sushi.  Like pallet-loads of it.  And, ultimately, I'm an avid fan of a good price.  So, trying Sushi Koma was a natural fit.  It's off-Strip, but we usually have a car whilst in Vegas, and one can always cab it.  Here's the breakdown:PROS:_Lots of parking_Uber friendly Chef staff and servers.  Hi-five small businesses!_Bold (and successful) attempts at modern takes on appetizers: case in point-the Brie Grape Quesadilla.  It was a unique stab at the standard boring cheese quesadilla and I appreciate when Chefs take risks!_Tuna Carpaccio A++++  I mean, SO fricken' good!  _Seafood Tostada A+++++ The flavors in this dish is uh-mazeballs.  I mean, SO good that I just wanted to slow down time, so I can savor it.  I guess I could have chewed slower, instead of shoveling it down my face...._Open til 3AM, so one can opt for AYCE after working on dance fitness!_Right between 4-6PM seem pretty open, so if you don't like crowds, this is likely an ideal timeCONS:_Certain foods have limits (e.g. both A++++ rated items listed above). _Sometimes AYCE can be overwhelming.  For the untrained belly.  SO, for AYCE pros, it ain't no thang.I will definitely keep this on my must-eat list for my multiple trips to Vegas/a year!
2	I'll keep it simple and say that the rolls themselves were pretty good in flavor. The rice is what completely killed the meal for me. I had several rolls that were complete mush. It felt pretty nasty to have a waterlogged ball of mushy rice in my  mouth. I have always heard that the rice is the most important component and now I understand why. As for the good notes... the seafood tostada was pretty good as was the bulgogi. The red bean mochi was a nice way to end the meal. I took a gamble trying this place after reading a ton of great reviews and a few that were negative. I wish I had gone somewhere else because 26 bucks is a lot of cash to me.
5	This place is the best for AYCE. The only place I will spend this kinda of money! (Well, my boyfriend's money)  LOL. I eat here atleast once a month, sometimes more! Everything is always AMAZINNGGGGGG. You must try tuna carpaccio! MY FAV rolls are Kimmy, SSS, and all of the soft shell crab ones mmmm. Also the white tuna and unagi. Yum.  I think I need to go tomorrow... And I love the staff, super friendly!! 5 stars all the way ^_^
5	Solid choice for AYCE sushi!  Not quite my favorite, but it will be in my sushi rotation now!What makes or breaks this spot for you, is whether you like their "twists" on sushi.  All my nigiri had sauces on them.  I am used to plain fish/rice, maybe a little lemon or wasabi hiding in there, but they used sauces.  I liked MOST of the combinations...others didn't do much for me and wished they were plain.  (I hear you can just request without the sauces though).The most important thing though, the fish tasted fresh and the service was good, although I went dry a few times on the drinks.  The food comes fast, and empty plates disappear quickly.You have to try the tuna carpaccio, the tostada, and they other apps.  Those were probably the highlight of the night for myself.  A nice change from the norm....although they do limit you to 1PP.This place is very small though.  We came around 11pm on a Tuesday night, and we still had to wait 30min for a table.  Be prepared to wait, no matter what time you show up.  This wasn't a big deal for me, since I never mind waiting for something "worth" waiting for...And they also seem to skimp out on the desserts.  They have it clearly written, one dessert per person....this isn't a big deal for me personally, but a lot of my friends go crazy with the AYCE mochi and tempura icecream found in other places.Last thing, order the tempura icecream for dessert!  Yes, you will have to pay an additional $4-5 since it is not included....but it is worth it!  Not only is the portion size huge, but they make it out of strawberry icecream so it is super sweet, and very good.So even though it has some faults, there were plenty of good things to outshine and pull out the 5 star in my book.  Go for it!
4	I dont know why almost all the sushi places doesn't  have enough space to sit every time you go there. that's what i reduced one star for them. other than that pretty decent  sushi and small menu. dynamite thingy is the must try!! also the beef plate is pretty tasty.
5	I love this Place !!
5	My fiance and I were looking for a new sushi lunch spot.  I went to Yelp to look for something in between the two of us and decided to try Sushi Koma.  We are so glad we did.  The staff is awesome, the food was fabulous and affordable with the all you can eat.  My bf didn't want me to share a review raving about this place because he wants it all for ourselves.  Enjoy.....
5	Came in during lunch and the service was fast. Amazing sushi. Fish tasted fresh and the baked rolls are delicious.
2	sorry, I'm from LA and I had better although I guess you can't beat the price for an all you can eatslices of sushi is way too small, you end up eating mostly ricetaste is okAYCE
1	I HAVE to do a re-review of this place. My GF and I have come here countless times and usually are quite satisfied. Normally the owner is present and the same staff which usually is the owner's wife/gf amongst others. We went in on 12/26/2012 and instantly noticed a very fishy smell. The owner was not there and there was only one server that I think I had seen only once or twice before. The service was horrendously slow. Others walked out but we stayed. When we finally got some nigiri it all tasted especially fishy. We did not get some of the things we ordered and finally just aksed for the check. The waitress KEPT apologizing to the point it was embarrassing for everyone. I cannot understand why they didn't call some help in. This waitress was clearly in over her head. Today my girlfriend is home from work sick thanks to this sushi. I didn't know this is what they meant by Sushi Koma.  Despite going here literally 35+ times, we will not be back.
1	After going here countless times, I am afraid my bf and I will not be returning.  Las time we went the place smelled very fishy and most of our nigiri was fishy.  We had by far the poorest service I have ever had in any restaurant in Vegas.  The next day I was sick. No more sushi Koma for us.
5	Dang, I didn't know the tuna carpaccio was only 1 order per person as I gobbled up my bf's order and he couldn't get another one. I blame the little piggy inside of me.
4	Everytime I am around the area I must pay a visit to this little hole in the wall. Their white tuna nigiri is so tender and buttery, it just melts in your mouth. The salmon nigiri with the slice of lemon is very refreshing and the yellowtail and albacore are all very fresh and super satisfying. The owner is very friendly and they are always fast on their orders. It is definitely a good solid choice for AYCE nigiri sushi.
5	This is definitely my favorite AYCE sushi in town. I was looking for a place that's nearby in the west side of town and I'm so glad I found this place. This place is on par with Sushimon in terms of taste. The ambiance is nice and dim. The only thing that I would say is not great is the consistency of service. I hate to sound biased, but I'm friends with the waitress at night and I've always had great service at night. However, my family made a reservation here at 1PM on Christmas day and unfortunately did not get our seats until half an hour later. Food: 5/5Atmosphere: 5/5Day Service: 2/5Night Service: 5/5Overall: 4.5/5
5	The 5 star bump update review after a few visits. Yeeep. I think the AYCE is pretty solid with some decent level of freshness. Of course, every sushi place has on/off days for certain fish, but overall everything has been in a good range of fresh that we've had. Also among our favorites are the seafood toastada, salmon skin handroll (unique in that it has perilla/shiso leaf),and  thanks to Tien, I always get spicy yellowtail handrolls here. Nigiri wise the super white tuna, yellowtail with a jalapeno slice, and scallop (which I order with a bit of masago on top) are among the most consistent in freshness and happen to be some of favorite nigiri anyways. The real kicker for this place is the service. The ladies are fantastic about checking on you, refilling your drinks and clearing plates. They are friendly and talkative, but yet aren't intrusive. We've had several different servers and all of them were just as good as the other. Love this place for the service as this on point is very rare in AYCE, and sadly just not usual in restaurants to have that consistent of a staff. We come late night and there hasn't ever been a wait, which is surprising since the place is small though traffic is steady. I can't speak for daytime though. I really think this place will be our new spot as the service does it over the top for us. We used to be big fans of a place close by but lately it's been so busy that there's a wait and it's so busy that the consistency is slipping. And yes, they have stamp cards now, I'm not sure if they always did. I did not know this so ask for one! I think that is my one little critique is they don't really mention the cards.  Still, I have my stamp card halfway filled and there's good reason.(Yelp 100 Challenge 9/100)
2	In short skip it...it's small and cramped.  Plus they have a DJ setup right in the middle of it which only puts more emphasis on how small it is.  DJ was good though.  The sushi leaves no reason to come back.  Maybe late night little buzz, you want some sushi and some records spun.  That'd be about it.  There's way too many other sushi places that are better in this town.
5	This was my first time eating here. I loved the concept of all you can eat from a menu. They don't have these kinds of places in Texas. We were pretty much the only people here during lunch. Everything tasted great and fresh. I got mostly raw stuff and that didn't disappoint at all. I will def come back the next time I'm in town.
5	OMG. First thanks to Yelp for helping us find this place. It is a small place but outstanding. When ordering, order half rolls if you want room to try more. Like everyone else has said - very fresh, very good, well priced. They have high chairs FYI. We had A+ service. Asked our server for suggestions and she was right on. Will definitely be back.  They are open until 3 AM.
5	We just moved to Vegas and this is by far our best bet for AYCE sushi.  Their sushi and appetizers have a creative spin and their ingredients are consistenly very fresh.  I would recommend the Tuna Carpaccio, the Ponzio Roll (raw), the Vegas Freak Roll (cooked) and the super white tuna nigiri which I can't get enough of.  The place is tiny, so try to avoid the lunch or dinner rush, and they are open til 3am!  Try their yuzu sake if you like citrus flavors.  Yum. LUV this place.
4	Food was good, service was fast, and really liked the over all place!  Only problem, they nickle and dime you over little stuff, like a extra $1.00 for a soy wrap, it only cost .11 a peice and you sale it for a $1.00, why not just add it to all you can eat....  over all food is good!
3	Sushi here is nothing special with a couple rolls being pretty bad. Spicy tuna not very good and fish being ok in freshness. 3 stars is for the excellent service though, very attentive and speedy waitresses.
2	My boyfriend and I always come here this past time we went we had mentioned we were in a rush and they had our food out within minutes of placing the order. Favorite all you can eat
5	Love it here!! Good service and good food. The owner is so friendly. My boyfriend and his friends come here every 2 weeks. Everybody there is very nice and polite. I think sushi here is the best in Vegas. I definitely recommend!! Every time  my friends or anyone ask me where the best sushi place to go I tell them to come here and Most of the time I get good feedback. Oh my fav dish is tuna capacio. You gotta TRY!
5	Anyone hating on an all you can eat does not appreciate the nature of the all you can eat.  You are here to double up, maybe triple up, in terms of the food you eat.  Sushi Koma, perfect place to make your $25 an easy $100.  Half rolls, check, nigiri can be saucy, but lets get real.  all you can eat
5	This place is awesome!!!! They have changed names or owners a few times and everytime they just keep getting better.. They make this amazing tostada thing. Their fish is always fresh. Great variety on the menu. If the owner is there and you talk to him he will make you whatever you want! My boyfriend and I really love spicy food and when he noticed he made us this "Angry Edemame" It was great! This place is worth it. Not a whole lot of tables inside. Theyre open until 3am every night. And on wednesday nights they have a car meet in the parking lot starting at 8pm.
3	Great service and creative chef! However maybe because I went on a Monday the fish didn't taste all that fresh
4	I'll admit that the size of their fish reduced over time but their service is still top notch. I came here with my bf to celebrate his birthday. It was a Friday night and obviously busy. We sat on the sushi bar, close to the door so we get cold whenever people come and go but we were so hungry that we didn't want to wait for a table. My first visit here was when they first opened, and I remember how their nigiri sizes used to be. So yes, I'm a little disappointed that over time they resorted to decreasing their fish size but we're also talking business here, so I understand. I still love their baked mussels and that tostada and their albacore, amaebi, and white tuna was waaay too freaking fresh. I was a bit sad that their dessert menu is minuscule compared to other AYCE places. So far, two stars are taken off. But their customer service is simply the best I've had in a while and that alone gains this place a solid star. Their servers (and even the sushi chefs) were attentive and friendly towards the customers. Our drinks were always refilled and they never fail to keep coming back to ask us our orders. I hope they get a chance to expand some day. Their location is pretty small and that's one of the main reason I don't come here as much as I want... I'm a bit claustrophobic.
4	Met up with some friends from out of town for a late evening dinner. The AYCE sushi was great. Taste was very consistent (meaning everything was pretty tasty and had that same level of freshness). The staff was very accommodating and extremely friendly. Noise level was adequate enough to carry on conversation. I am definitely a fan.
3	Baboy and I are having an eating contest. WHO WILL WIN??!! IT's all you can eat sushi to decide on the winner!!They have some good side items like this wonton chip with some sashimi or something on it. That was pretty good! The fish itself for sushi was decent. I just don't remember it being FANTASTIC like at other places. They put little lemon slices on top of their salmon nigiri. Normally I would enjoy this but the slices are just too thick. We decided to call it a TIE and quit eating before we both exploded. I was definitely in a SUSHI KOMA when we left.
3	Let me start out by saying the sushi is AMAZING here and given the hours of operation, would be convenient for late night dates or outings. The only reason I gave it three stars was because of the service. The restaurant is not at all large and seem to be well staffed. Everyone in my party got the AYCE and throughout the night several dishes seem to have gone missing and never reached our table. It was totally understandable considering it was a party of 8 but still kind of interesting as the restaurant was not at all busy when we were there. The part that really made the overall experience just ok was the fact that it took them 30 minutes to figure out our checks. We asked for separate checks up front and granted they have auto gratuity they need to figure out for parties over 6 - it took a lot longer than it should have. Maybe it just an off night for them but I think it might be safer to try this place out with a smaller party, at a different hour, or when ordering a la carte instead of AYCE.
5	Amazing sushi. Some of the best I've had including Tao. All you can eat, had plenty of gluten free options/accommodations for me. Price was on point, 25 bucks per person for any and everything on the menu. Recommend the PCH roll and the one with the tuna avo salmon and ponzu I can't recall the name.
5	5 stars mutiplied by infinity!!!!!! this is my absolute favorite sushi place ever! i've been coming here when it was called brian's beach! i can't take credit for the stephanie roll(it's named after brian's daughter) but it's one of my favorites....along w/the sc-7 roll, the rainforest roll, tod roll...oh my i could go on and on! what bomb sushi restautant offers ayce, has an excellent staff and stays open until 3am!!! freakin' phenomenal! and yes, i know i'm typing in caps...because i'm yelling to emphasize who good and excellent and fantabulous this place is! dont' believe me...that's fine...it's just more for me and my friends!
5	Found this place on yelp and wanted to try it out, husband and I usually go to Oyshi Sushi considering it is close to our home and we love the service but wanted to try something different. As we drove up I remembered I had lunch with a friend about a year ago here when it was called krazy sushi, it was mehh at the time hence why I never came back. I don't know what they did differently but wow has the food changed. I loved that they were very quick to get your orders out and that you can order half rolls here. The nigiri is my favorite here it was SUPER fresh and amazing everything we ordered was very tasty. As much as I thought I loved Oyshi this is my new AYCE sushi place from now on, also, I love that they don't have extremely loud techno playing like at Oyshi.
3	We came after climbing at Red Rocks, and everyone was dirty and starving. Right at the beginning she asked if we wanted to split the bills, which was much appreciated for our group of 8. There was a ton of specialty rolls, so much variety, but I am disappointed they didn't have any with fruit in them (which I've had at other sushi places similar to here). We were all surprised at the high quality of the nigiri, not smelly or fishy. We might have ordered rounds of every one for everybody. And we probably collectively tried all the rolls. The baked/fried rolls were the least pleasing to me because they looked a lot like a big mess, but I would try anything else. I only wish dessert was also unlimited. Wouldn't object to returning.
5	Yes, we went back during our spring break. Still AYCE for $25.95.  And this time, I actually got the meaning of the restaurant, " sushi koma (coma)" HAHA! I thought it was a Japanese word.  Excellent sushi, they kept them coming.  I really like their miso, not like those watered down miso from AYCE.
4	Friendly Staff and great food! It's a little small, but the prices and portions are great! First experience, free sake on Wednesday nights?! Blew me out of the water. Only complaint would be that sometimes the wait can get a little longer.
5	My favorite sushi place in vegas.  Eaten there 4 times and I never left disappointed.   First tried it because Dessert magazine voted it to have the best quesadilla in vegas with its Brie and grape quesadilla.  While that is excellent I love their sushi even more.  They have an extensive list of specialty rolls stuffed with avocado and cream cheese.  My favorite rolls on the menu are the double d and the Tod.  When I'm getting towards the end I order a pania and a a d.a which are desert like with their sweet tempura.  Last of all I finish with a Vegas roll which is not on the menu. Stuffed with scallops and cream cheese.  Perfect way to end
5	By far THE best place for AYCE sushi in my book!You are greeted and welcomed by the very friendly and extremely attentive servers. Every new sushi place that I try, I always seem to order at least one hamachi item, because I think you can tell a lot about a restaurant by how hey serve their hamachi. Naturally, I ordered the hamachi nigiri.. And as soon as that yellowtail melted in my mouth, I knew I was at the right place! Three orders each of salmon, hamachi, and eel nigiri.. Five (half sized, which I love!) specialty rolls.. One serving of seafood tostada (bomb diggity!).. One last minute order of dynamite.. And (here's the kicker) one order of plum wine ice cream--which I've been searching for FOREVER for--later, a Sushi Koma took over me!See what I did there?Not to mention the service was tops! They cleared the plates as soon as we were finished, and always made sure we had water in our glasses, food on our plates, and smiles on our faces ^-^And AYCE $25.95 for dinner, you definitely get your money's worth! Highly recommended!
5	So finally getting around to reviewing Sushi Koma. Started coming to this place when it first opened up under the old name but definitely like the new one a lot better. Unlike other sushi places, this place is pretty consistent with quality, taste, and service. The quality of the sushi  is very good. From the nigiri to the rolls, it's pretty damn good. Now, I'm not a huge sushi eater but have tried more than a few places and would definitely put this place in a top three. My girlfriend loves the garlic tuna and says it's one of the best. I personally like the shrimp tempura rolls, spicy crab, and also the terrayaki beef roll. I know some think beef and sushi don't go together. But what's not to like? Beef and rice! What's not to love. Even though the place isn't the biggest, it has a good vibe and comfortable atmosphere. No matter how busy it gets, the servers are always smiling and seem happy to be there (whether that's true or not). Overall, I recommend this place to all my friends and would still keep recommending it.
5	I usually frequent another sushi place, but while on this side of town and craving sushi, I decided to give it a shot and order some carry out. Upon entering the establishment, I was quickly and kindly greeted. I order the Mountain Roll and the Washington Roll, and let me just say WOW! The fish is a lot fresher than other places. Very, VERY tasty!!! And the presentation was great.
3	I decided to meet a friend for dinner on a random Thursday night. Being new to Vegas I was pleased to find that this place was accessible and easy to find. There was a nice crowd of people but they seemed really understaffed. The server was so sweet but was in such a rush every time she came to our table that she ended up misunderstanding my order.My friend went with the all-you-can-eat special but I only ordered one roll and a seaweed salad. The portions were ridiculously small and I was extremely unimpressed with the sashimi roll from the appetizer list. I felt rushed to order it and that was her only recommendation when I asked about the possibility of any rice-less specialty rolls. When we were ready to pay she informed me that she had made a mistake with my order and the reason the portions were so small is because they were a-la-carte. She assumed I was doing the AYCE special like my friend. An honest mistake...I guess. The music that was playing was the best part of the whole experience.  I felt like I wasa eating sushi at a nightclub!Overall though, I probably wouldn't come back here again.
5	Excellent sushi! Our food was so delicious. Everything we ordered was great.  The service was great, they truly catered to our big group.
4	The sushi is really fresh n the remember free sake every wed!!!
5	Love this place!! The tuna carpaccio is sooooo bomb. Everything on the AYCE menu is really good and the sushi is fresh. Cute little restaurant and the service has always been good.
5	I heart this place to death.  It is an all you can eat, but it is not a buffet.  Everything is made to order and the place is small and intimate.    The fish was so fresh.  They also pass my "spicy tuna" test with flying colors.  Our server Asami was incredibly friendly and worked hard to guarantee a memorable experience.
2	It was our first time in sushi koma, and let me tell you why we are not impressed with the place at all. We went there because of the good reviews on Yelp, we thought   that  the place would meet our expectation. First of all it is a little overpriced. Second: When I ordered a Scalop hand roll from the menu, nowhere in the menu it said Scalop with imitation crab, so iinstead of having Scal op roll it was mostly imitation crab. The service was just ok, fish did not seem to be very fresh and rolls had a lot of rice in it. I would definatley not go back there again.
5	Sushi KomaOverall 5 StarsGold medal- UNI x 2Silver medal - AYCE ScallopsBronze medal - Mochi ice creamEverytime I come here the sushi is super fresh!  This place has the BEST service that is why I had no problem giving them 5 stars.  All the waitresses are so helpful and nice.  They check on you quite often to make sure you have enough food on the table and food ordered to be on the way to the table.  The uni here is really fresh and melt in your mouth.  Only bummer is that there is a 2 uni limit per person :(  The scallops here are large and sweet.  AUCE!!  No limit!They offer a mochi ice cream ball for dessert.  My favorites are the strawberry and the green tea.Sushi Koma is always fresh, but they do not offer sashimi.  Hikari is another AYCE sushi restaurant in Las Vegas and they have AYCE sashimi, but the sushi there is not as fresh as Sushi Koma.  Can't win them all right.  You either eat the rice and get full faster or you eat fish that isn't as fresh, but still good.  Which do you prefer?HAPPY KOMAING!!
4	AYCE !Great selection. Great, fresh tasting. Service always came by and made sure we had what we need. There is a limit to certain delectable items. *Rather small establishment. Expect a wait, if you're not there before everyone else. *There is are two TV's that are viewable from all seats in the restaurant. I would AYCE here again!+ they take RESERVATIONS !
5	when was arrived we were greeted and seated right away and decided to try the all you can eat dinner  here. wow they have a great selections of rolls to choose from and theyre app was really good.the server brought edamame. i started off with the seaweed salad best ive had. they put a salad dressing on it. yum. shrimp temura, good. Seared Tuna Carpaccio delish! Green Mussel, very good. then i got some rolls Kimmy Roll8 which hadDeep fried calamari, asparagus, avocado, shredded garlic, yum-yum sauce, and cucumber roll with green onions, crunch, and smelt roe on top. and Big B Roll which hadShrimp tempura roll with thin sliced beef, green onions, and chef's special sauce on top. after trying that roll. i think its my fav roll ever ha. then i finished off with the red bean ice cream! food was delish and staff was nice place was clean. def will be back!
5	Fresh good quality food is what I care about and they have it. Very good service as well..
3	Came her for dinner on a Sunday about 4:30. Only 2 parties were present when we entered. Good for us, as per the reviews, I was expecting it to get busy before too long. Got seated at the bar and ordered AYCE. Drinks were brought out promptly and the food was out within minutes or ordering. We had yellowtail (which was the best thing we ate tonight), salmon, and super white. Also ordered a Tiger Roll and a Rainforest Roll. Now, Tiger rolls at every other sushi joint I have ever been too have never put spicy mayo on top. I am not a fan of any kind of mayo on my sushi, and failed to noticed this when I ordered. My bad. However, it wasnt bad. Actually couldnt taste the mayo. Lucky me. Also, the Rainforest roll is made in almost the same way as Sushi Mon's JJ Roll. But it wasnt as good. All and all, for the first order, it was pretty good. But this is where I drop 2 stars. A few other people had come in since we sat down, but the place was far from packed. It took the waitress 15 minutes after us finishing the 1st order to place the next order. Very slow and sad service at this point. Ordered red snapper, albacore, halibut, and more yellow tail. The first 3 came out within minutes. A point for the chefs for being so quick. However, for these nigri they put some kind of blended up white substance on top of the fish, and top with the chives. Was was this white stuff on top? Ground radish with an onionish taste? Very gross. We choked it down. Let a nasty taste in our mouths. Waitress came to get another order. Told her we were still waiting on the yellowtail. A few minutes later it came out. Finished it off (getting rid of the bad taste from the other nigri). Ordered desert- Green tea Ice Cream and Strawberry mochi. Fast delivery, but both desert were already melting. The green tea ice cream tasted more like machi powder,very strong in flavor. Not my cup of tea. Speaking of tea, the iced green tea is really good!! I recommend ordering it during the hot summer months. I doubt I'll be back. Wish they had a bigger list of rolls. Sushi Mon is still the best.
5	All you can eat sushi, this place is a good atmosphere, great staff, fish is fresh and prompt! Nothing was overloaded with rice which a lot of all you can eat sushi places do, so far this is my favorite sushi place in the LV
4	This is small place on the corner of Durango & Flamingo. It has a small dining area and a small sushi bar, so it fills up quick.The service here is a little slow and the sushi chefs were not very friendly. The food is great though, so I would recommend trying it out.
3	Visited the place because of good reviews on Yelp, however, the freshness of the fish wasn't up to par in my experience.  It's just ok.  I probably won't go back anytime soon.  What's with all the misleading 5 star reviews?!  meh!
5	Amazing sushi. There is a limit on some of the more expensive items - but for the AYCE price and quality of the fish, it seems totally reasonable. I only had items from the nigiri menu and everything was fresh and delicious. My favorite was probably the mackerel and the uni, but everything was outstanding. The night I was there it was almost full and the dishes still came out pretty quickly -although I was seated at the bar, which helped. If you go for the nigiri, then plan on doing the AYCE as it will be cheaper than a la carte, and you'll want to try everything.
5	Wow I was really surprised with this place.  Scallops just a hint of lemon or ponzu, tender, fresh, and just amazing.  Yellowtail bellys melt in your mouth and a little slice of jalepeno to liven everything up.  Sweet shrimp heads well they gave us 30 at least, for a party of 8 and they were the best I have had in Vegas.  Uni was fresh and gone in seconds.  I think I have found a new fav.  The staff was great not really stopping the service and we were there for about 2 hours.
4	Our favorite hole in the wall ayce sushi place closed and thanks to yelp we found our new favorite place that's even better than the old one!  The staff was so friendly and kind to our family. I was so surprised to see they even had a kids menu!  The options for rolls was more than I had imagined. Everything we tried was very yummy. We definitely left in a sushi "koma"  this place is a must try!
1	Variety was "ok", most rolls have eel sauce and cream cheese (not a big fan). When I asked for 2 specialty rolls with ponzu sauce with a little extra, instead of eel sauce, the sushi chef passes us the rolls and says 2 rolls with extra ponzu and they had eel sauce on them.  Cups were not refilled the whole time we were there (about 45 min) with water.  Wanted to order more, but waitresses only came by twice to ask if we wanted anything else... Service was poor.
3	Decided to try this place out because our usual place was closed for Independence Day. My first impression of Koma is that it's very small and cute, armed with a drawn-on glass board and two TVs. There were two attentive and friendly waitresses who were happy to answer any questions or explain which items were most popular. The sushi chefs were fairly welcoming as well.We sat at the bar and got AYCE of course. I wasn't surprised that the nigiri was decorated with garnishes and sauces because I had done prior research on Yelp. As expected, I still prefer my nigiri without any other flavors aside from soy sauce and wasabi. The yellowtail came with jalapeno slices, which frankly doesn't even go with it in my opinion. However, the sauce of the white tuna actually complemented its natural flavor, so I left that on. The salmon came with lemon slices which were welcome, but overloaded.As per the waitress' suggestion, we tried the carpaccio and some other appetizers, which were alright. I've had better and I've had worse. The mochi ice cream was either old or had frostbite because it fell apart and had no elasticity remaining.Honestly, the highlight of my meal was probably the super-salted edamame they served in the beginning. I do love sea salt and the edamame was firm and tasty.
3	So there was a hype about this place and come to find out it was Brian's Beach House, but with new management. The staff is a lot more attentive than they were before, but the food still comes out really slow and it's not really better than Goyemon. It is A LoT smaller though. Goyemon is still my to go place when it comes to fresh sushi and decent staffs.
4	My coworkers and I decided to try this place out for international sushi day which happens to fall on my birthday. It is a small restaurant. Nothing fancy and I like it. The food came out relatively fast, but then again we were the only ones in the restaurant. I always order spicy scallop hand roll, albacore nigiri, and yellowtail nigiri. It's the best spicy scallop hand roll I so far have had in Vegas. It is made of 100% scallops and not of the fillers that other restaurants in town do. I ordered so many rolls that I really can't remember what I ordered. They were all good. Fresh awesome fish. The last dish was a tempura ice cream. Strawberry ice cream isn't my thing but that tempura ice cream was amazing. My only complaint is that I thought it was weird how the tempura was decorated with colored goldfishes (you know, the cheddar little crackers with the commercial that goes "I love fishes cuz they're so delicious. Gotta go fishin"). Nothing horrible or anything. I just scooted the fishes off to the side and devoured the fried frozen goodness. We also shared a large bottle of yuzu sake. This sake is for those who love flavored sake and dislike that alcohol burn. I will definitely come back for some more spicy scallop hand roll and other sushi.
4	It was my first time here at Sushi Koma. I came here before back in the days when it was too be called Brain Beach Sushi. Always wanted too come check it out since on the way too the hockey rink Thursday nights. Generally only read positive reviews for it. I had friends visiting they heard about it so wanted too check it out. Never pass up chance for good sushi! Since AYCE is so common here in Vegas its become harder too distinguish who would be da best of da best. I put Sushi Koma right up there in my top five. I feel like the quality of the fish was there from the nigiri, hand rolls, and speciality rolls. Dessert selection so solid nothing too creative but they make up for it with the appetizers. If there is anyway that I FEEL like distinguish one AYCE from another besides the OBVIOUS quality of the fish would be the apps and service. I feel like both they did wonderful job.Apps we tried few of the things that our server recommended because when in doubt trust your server. She telling us most popular ones too. We couple of signature ones from the sashimi roll, seafood tostada, tuna carpaccio, and one odd for sushi restaurant brie and grape quesadilla. All of them was da bomb except for the tuna carpaccio. Me the fried garlic chips just not fan of. It tasted more burnt then fried and killed the taste of everything else. The rest have high praise not only for creative but tasted awesome. The sashimi roll love three or four different fish sliced thin all rolled up and came with nice sauce. Seafood tostada nice and refreshing nice chunks of fish and tomatoes in some kind of sauce. I love the fact with the fried tostada on the bottom use it as scoop of sorts. The cheese quesadilla in reality was much better then I expected. The Brie melted with some grape was great compliment too one another! The salmon skin rolls another one that stood out for me. The sushi was solid all around.The service felt was fabulous. The minute walked in you could feel the enthusiasm not just from your normal greeting like every other sushi joint. Our server came over she asked if our first time. Great job telling us things that were popular and recommending. Couple dishes that hard time finish but never said anything about need too finish it. Warm smile and welcoming. Maybe cause smaller then most places and not very busy but still thought service more on it then more popular spots plus no waiting too seated. Sure if need fix sushi and normal spot is too packed come here.
5	Koma is my regular sushi spot when I get that sushi craving, which is quite often. I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review, but here we go.First of all the best part about Sushi Koma is the customer service. All the chefs and waitresses are really attentive even when the place is packed. I have experienced very few mishaps here and that is always a positive thing. There are quite a few places where the food is great, but the service ranges from mediocre to bad, but Koma isn't one of those places.While the service is great, I'm not about to forget the food. The nigiri ranging from my favorites like surf clam and octopus to yellow tail and salmon, are always fresh. I have yet to have a bad experience with any of those offerings. The only nitpick I have is that the lemon slices on the salmon are a bit too thick at times.The appetizers are also really good, but unfortunately are mostly limited to one order for each all you can eat. I recommend the seared tuna carpaccio and the mussels, though the sashimi roll is also pretty good.Finally onto the rolls. The rolls are just as good as the nigiri, though I feel this is where koma is the weakest. The variety of rolls isn't as big or as diverse as some other places. I usually end up sticking to a few of their rolls and after a while it gets a bit old. Hopefully they eventually experiment a bit more and try adding a few more different rolls. Maybe as a daily special menu or something.Overall though you can't go wrong with Koma.
4	Very fresh fish, large variety of rolls to choose from. The brie/grape quesadilla seems highly misplaced on this menu and was at a steep price of $8.50. With the AYCE I would definitely recommend it though because it was delicious. Service was friendly and fairly quick. It's a little far for me to become a regular but I'll go back if and when I'm in the area.
5	One of the best sushi places in Vegas. Fresh and clear sushi restaurant. Waitress was very nice! My go to place to all you can eat!
5	This place is great.  The food is fantastic.  And you can not beat the AYCE price.  I liked is when is was Brian's Beach, but I think it is even better now! Try everything you can, I can not remember the name of the roll, but it is their baked roll, it is delicious.
5	I used to come here a few years ago when it was Brian's Beach. When I heard it closed down, I was sad and found myself lost and confused... Then we saw that this joint opened and took over. I was very skeptical at first to try this place, but I am glad I did! :) if you liked Brian's beach, I believe they kept the same menu.My bf and I are now frequent visitors of this place. They have stamp cards, which entices us to come back because once you get 10 stamps, you will win a grand prize of eating one free ayce meal! We tried pretty much everything on the menu and haven't been disapointed. Also, if you don't want to order a whole roll and want to attempt to try everything on the menu, ask them to do half rolls. Half rolls are 4 pieces, so you don't fill up so quickly on just one roll of 8 pieces,The service is impeccable and the waitresses are incredibly friendly. They are always on it, from refilling your drinks, to making sure you get everything you order. The place is small, so if it gets crowded, be expected to wait.  I feel as if the service is great, the food taste that much better. Haha.
5	Went there for a first time last night and it was a great experience. The food was amazing. Sushi is fresh and flavorful and the AYCE deal is totally worth it. There are many sushi places in Las Vegas that are overpriced and their quality is not even that great. So glad we found this hidden gem. This is our new go to place when it comes to sushi :)
5	I go to a lot of sushi places in las vegas, and this is the one i constantly go back to.  The service is fantastic all of the servers and chefs are amazing.  Always very sincere and kind, and they are always going out of there way to make you visit fantastic.There are alot of ayce sushi, each with special dishes and quality of fish.  I must say, Sushi Koma has some of the best and creative rolls, as well as some of the freshest fish in this area.  I like how there the sushi is always consistent as flavorful.  I have not had any bad pieces from my numerous visits.  The place is small, and most of the time it is always packed.  I love that it is open late into the night which is best for my friends and coworkers to grab a bite to eat after a long day of work.Every time I have friends come visit, this is the place to go.  Great food, good prices, fantastic service and awesome environment.
5	Only A.Y.C.E in las vegas that i would spend my time going to eat. Delicious fresh yummy perfectly cut sushi rolls and sashimi rolls. You can definately taste the difference in freshness on your tongue from here than other places. I've gone to pricey sushi spots to inexpensive and this place is the best. My boyfriend hates sushi but if its Sushi Koma he's totally down. And they open late until like 3am!?! Sweet! The sushi chefs are all very nice people. Our one server is quick and always on it shes been there awhile idk her name. Lately theres been new faces server wise and they are a bit slow & ditsy but im sure they'll catch up. Small small place with a dim romantic ambience, always packed! Sometimes we don't even get in because the wait is long but i still Love it! Hehe =]
5	I've been to most of the AYCE sushi bars Las Vegas has to offer and Sushi Koma remains at the top of my list. The fish here is very fresh and the sushi chefs do a great job at enhancing the flavor of the fish rather than depleting it. The servers and chefs are all very kind and always leave us with an overall wonderful experience.As a side note, the restaurant is fairly small so be wise if you plan on attending with a large group. Also on the plus side, they're open late!
4	Eating here is great, service was okay except not enough staff for such a small place. Sushi was excellent, but only 1 carpaccio per person. And if you get a freebie you have to pay taxes on it so technically not free.
5	I love this place. It's very tiny, but there are both tables and a sushi bar. The staff is incredibly accommodating and friendly. The sushi, sashimi, and rolls are amazing!When I come here, I generally go with the all-you-can-eat (AYCE). It really is a great value, depending on how hungry you are - and I usually eat very little all day to gear up for it!A handy tip for you folks who, like me, want to try everything: if you get AYCE, you can order half rolls!
4	Based on reviews and that it's an all you can eat sushi, I wanted to try it.1. Its a small place2. lot of parking 3. they have the music blasting4. THE SERVICE WAS AWESOME, SUSHI CHEF TO SERVERS ALL FRIENDLY5. The food was overall good6. price is average about the same as any other AYCE sushi jointThe service was the best, it was better than the food. The food was good but not the best AYCE place I've been to. The service was the best of all the AYCE sushi places I've been to date. I tried most all nigiri, the fish to rice ratio pretty good. They do half rolls which is a plus so you can try a whole bunch. I didnt notice any signs saying a time limit which I appreciated. i came out with a food koma!!! Its open till 3am which is awesome for you ate owls.
5	Everything here is very fresh...love the white tuna...melts in your mouth...AYCE is the way to go here and the nigiri sushi is made with small amount of rice so you're able to try more different things...great place.
5	Such a great deal, and the service is amazing! Definitely try as much of the menu as possible because they all taste good. You can even order half rolls so that you can try more variety. Delicious. I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	I've had a my fair share of AYCE sushi places and this one tops it by far as THEE BEST AYCE SUSHI EVER. I'm from CA and I would definitely make a trip back out here to eat here. If you are out in Las Vegas, GO HERE! Your stomach will not regret it.Prices: AYCE - $21.99 for Lunch & $25.99 for Dinner. As expected, but worth it if you have a big appetite or even on planning to order 3 rolls. There are no rounds, you can order as many times as you like.Service: Awesome. Heard that this place was small, but was accommodated with seats right away. The staff are all very nice and they attend to you quickly. If there are multiple large groups of like 6 or more, it may take time to get in if it's busy. The staff make small talk, which I thought was pretty cool. Allows you to be comfortableFood: Best I ever had. Appetizers were pretty good. Tuna carpaccio was something new to me, but it tasted really good. A must try. The tostada was like a combination of a poke/ceviche. The nigiri was what caught me. The quality and texture of the fish are on point. You can tell that the first are handled the right way.
4	A nice little "hole in the wall" AYCE sushi joint! It's off the Strip but well worth your trip and money! This place is a bit smaller than most AYCE places, however the service is friendly and pretty fast!We ordered a variety of specialty rolls, but you must get the sea urchin and sweet shrimp! (each limited to 1 per person) In addition, the salmon and yellowtail were both delicious. The super white tuna was also another memorable culinary treat!For dessert, I highly recommend the plum wine ice cream! An absolute gem! Other dessert options are available such as green tea, mango, and vanilla mochi ice cream.
3	AYCE was pretty good. The fish was fresh and the service was good. The only negatives I have is that the place is really small and they don't offer a lot of appetizers for AYCE. Good but not GREAT. May or may not go again...
5	Came here for lunch with a girlfriend and we did the lunch all you can eat $21.95. We ordered lots of food; seaweed salad, gyoza, edamame, miso soup, 5 sushi rolls and green tea ice cream. Everything was so delicious! Sushi was good, appetizers were good, and customer service was excellent. Definitely coming back when I am in the mood for AYCE!
4	This is good spot for sushi. Small spot and if there's a lot of orders your order may get backed up. But other than that the service is awesome. The sushi is to die for.
5	Keeping it short.  One of my favorite AYCE sushi spots.  Love the food and the service.
5	Sushi Koma is right! Wow! Lively atmosphere, fresh fish, and skilled sushi chefs (if thats the right word). The phrase "surprise me" brings something new with each visit, and we look forward to the next visit each time we leave! The owner works hard and loves interacting with his patrons. I suggest anyone give this place a try!!
4	"If you don't leave in a koma, we haven't done our job"This is a very clever name for a sushi restaurant with AYCE. I really enoyed the ambiance of the restaurant. It was small, so it wasn't too loud. The waitresses were pretty attentive, which is always important. This sushi restaurant was a nice change from others I've been to. At some sushi places all the rolls start tasting the same, but every roll here had its own distinct taste.I was excited for two things here: tuna carpaccio and the sashimi roll, mostly because they seemed popular on yelp. The tuna was okay, I wasn't amazed. The sashimi roll was kind of weird, I didn't actually taste much of the fish.The big hits in the group was the Kimmi Roll, Big B roll, and of course the salmon Nigiri. The interesting part of the Big B roll is that it has a small slice of beef. I usually try to steer away from rolls like this because I came for fish, but it was delicious and I think we would have gotten another if we didn't want to try the other rolls first. The nigiri had a good rice to fish ratio. The misses were the paina and paradise roll. The paradise fish roll seemed like such a great idea because it had all these different kinds of fishes, but alas it just didn't stand out. The Paina roll didn't have taste, it just seemed like a roll of rice with batter around it.
5	I love their white tuna nigiri, big b roll, and brie and grape quesadilla. :)
4	Sometimes you tell yourself you're going to skip red meat for the week because you've had bacon as an entree TWICE on the previous weekend. Well, you still need to eat, a lot, and luckily there are a boatload of AYCE joints around Vegas to fill yo' belly with fish. Gotta respek anyone who fills the belly...Reasonz for Respek:-Nice large pieces of nigiri-Big orders of gyoza-Many specialty rolls (~40 choices) and many don't contain 'spicy ____' filler-You can get half orders of specialty rolls-Different, but enjoyable, salad dressing-Friendly staff-TV's to watch sports if you're on a solo mission-Solid tunes. I swear I heard Biggie and then Fitz and the Tantrums at some pointDisrespek:-Some of the prices on the menu items are out of wack (only matters if you're not doing AYCE)-Small place (maybe 10 tables). Come early!OK, enough with the respek crap. This place was great. I was planning on eating my $21.95 worth and then bouncing, but the food was great so I stayed for an extra 4 rolls. Def worth a visit if you don't mind dropping $25 on lunch and if you want to leave super full!
5	Excellent sushi! Small intimate environment with an up beat vibe. Perfect service, not a bunch of phony pleasantries just on it with everything from filling glasses to knowing exactly when we were ready to order another roll. The sushi was out of this world! Can't wait to go back!
1	After reading reviews on Yelp, I thought I would give this AYCE a try with 8 of my friends. I was extremely disappointed. We all ordered and the first thing I ordered was a spicy tuna cut roll. Once my friends started to receive their orders (complicated speciality rolls)  I was expecting my order but it was no where to be seen. I was very patient and decided not to ask the waitress since I thought mine would be following soon. 10 minutes after my friends received their rolls, they started to order another round. I then asked the waitress about my Spicy Tuna hand cut roll and (I can't make this up) this is the response I received, "You already ordered that and it's coming. So you want to order another one before you get your first!?" First of all, I don't need an attitude. I was just asking why I haven't received the ONE item I ordered in the past 20 minutes! Once everyone else starts receiving their second round..I finally get my order!  The rest of my party was finishing up eating so I didn't want to order any more sushi instead I ordered Green Tea Mochi Ice Cream. You would think that should only take a couple of minutes.. NOPE! Not at Sushi Koma! So after 10 minutes passed, they bring us the bill and still.. no Green Tea Mochi Ice Cream. I asked the waitress and I got another smart response, "You already put that order in with the other waitress, it's coming." At that point, I was furious and didn't say anything because I didn't know what horrible words would come out of my mouth. I looked at our bill and since we had a large party, automatic gratuity was added on there. No wonder our waitress didn't care about us, she was getting a nice tip no matter what. As our party started to leave the table guess what they bring out... yup you guessed it! My Green Tea Mochi Ice Cream. I took one bite since we were already leaving. As we were leaving the waitress finally asked us, "How was everything?" I said, "Absolutely terrible. I only had two items delivered to me during my 'AYCE' dinner and every time I asked you about my orders, you gave me an attitude." She then tried to touch my shoulder and attempted to apologize since her manager was watching. I just walked away. When we went to eat, it wasn't even crowded! There were 3 people at the bar and only 1 other table with 4 people on it!! I will NEVER EVER come here again! What terrible service. Maybe they can't handle the stress of serving a big party. There were also multiple waitresses!! Regardless, I don't need an attitude with my dinner. Had the waitress served us without an attitude, it would have been a different experience.This experience is one of the reasons why I created a Yelp account. I had to share this horrific dining experience. DO NOT EAT HERE.
5	Love this place! Very friendly staff, personal attention to detail and great sushi!We do the AYCE and get stuffed with some delicious food. Love all things spice, so got to have some spicey tuna but balance that with some eel. Specialty rolls are great, come out so beautiful they look like colorful works of art.So close to home, good service, late night hours, table or bar love it!
3	Overall, everything is fresh and tasty. But I m disappointed on their Wednesday sake special. They told me the sake and tempura ice cream special started after 7. So we came here at 7 but they told us the special starts at 8. This is BS!!!
4	We were in dire need of a new sushi place since the quality and service changed significantly at our old favorite sushi joint.  One of our cousins recommended this place and we decided to give it a go. It's a SMALL restaurant. I can imagine on busier days for the wait to be significantly long with no where to sit and wouldn't be surprised if the max occupancy is 30 people. Larger groups would probably have to rent the entire space out lol.They do have AYCE, for dinner it was $25+ My go to items are Garlic Tuna and Raw/Fresh Scallops and both items were way beyond what I was expecting, damn good. Service was great, only complaint is that the servers need a better outlet or designated area for them to receive sushi orders. We sat at the bar and kept having to move so that the servers could reach the orders for the other patrons. It wasn't a big deal but sure was annoying. New fav spot!
5	great food, great service. One of the best Las Vegas has to offer.
3	I ate here last night with Eric R. and Tony T. and then once a year ago around this time.  A year ago, Eric R. called and reserved seats at the sushi bar once he confirmed the Texas football game was on TV, so we came to dine and watch football.  Last night we got there around 6:45 PM on a Sunday night and it was very packed except for 4 sushi bar spots open by the door.  The host told us 2 were reserved and since we were a party of 3, we could wait for others to finish - that was fine.  Later the host said the people who made the reservations were not coming so we could sit there.Soon, 3 people got up from the bar further into the restaurant so we asked to sit there, away from the door.  The male server/chef said sure, so we went to sit there but the host then said the reserved sign on the first seats that we were not allowed to sit on now must be moved to the other side of the bar because those customers like "seats 1 and 2" even though she said they were not coming.  The male server/chef and the host argued and finally we were allowed to sit away from the door.  After we were seated, the whole bar cleared and no one showed up for the reservation, so all of that was annoying.Once seated we tried a lot of different things.  I had iced green tea which was nice and grassy.  The standouts for me were the mackerel and the ika with shiso leaf.  They were so good that I ordered them twice.  The mackerel was perfectly cured - not dry, too meaty, or fishy, topped with grated ginger and chopped negi.  The squid was very fresh and not too chewy.  I really enjoyed both of these the most.  The whole scallop sushi was really fresh too.The pretty good items were the hamachi (we got belly cuts on request) with serrano pepper, salmon nigiri, tako, uni, amaebi (some were missing tails, and we requested the heads after and they were very small and oily but tasted okay).  Eric R. and Tony T. had some things I did not try, including surf clam, halibut, escolar, unagi, maguro, tamago, masago with quail egg and ikura.  They both had the teriyaki/bulgogi beef which was actually almost exactly like gyudon and pretty tasty.  I also had a yellowtail jalapeno handroll which was fine.The bad: Tony T. and I both ordered salmon skin temaki early in the meal.  The chef tried to discourage us because "it takes at least 10 minutes" - I did not mind because it is normal to wait for the skin to bake/toast, so we said sure.  Well when it came out, I heard Tony crunch his a little but all of the skin (and there was A LOT) was just raw fat and skin, not hot or cooked at all!  I pulled all of it out and put it on a plate, and showed the chef.  I did not want another one but I wanted him to know this was unacceptable so he did not serve it to anyone else.  He apologized and said he should have checked it before serving, but this was not his fault but whoever made it in the kitchen.  I did not want another one and a server snatched it out of my hand and whisked it away.  Tony T. also ordered seared tuna carpaccio which the restaurant initially forgot and when it was delivered it looked kind of like cat food.  He said it was very salty.  For dessert the AYCE says only one mochi but Eric R. ordered 2 without any issue.  I got plum wine ice cream which tasted exactly like bubblegum ice cream and it was nasty.  Don't do it!  I should just stick with my uni as dessert policy.Overall, it satisfied our sushi cravings in the area since Taiga and 808 Tapas were closed, but I would not rush back.  I would definitely recommend a stop here for saba and ika lovers though, because they were pretty great.  Also I second Drew A. on the pricing - if you do not do AYCE you end up paying bizarre prices like $9 for a tiny bowl of the beef.  The nigiri is priced almost $2 higher per order than other a la carte places too.  The chefs were friendly but swamped and it was very hard to order anything because they did not often look up at anyone at the bar, which was sunken.  Drinks were refilled often and the service was otherwise very good.  Open til 3 AM even on Sunday!
5	I've been to lots of AYCE sushi places but this tops them all. Best in quality, service and price. When you walk in, you're greeted with a warm welcome from the staff. They let you choose if you'd like to sit at the bar or table. I sat at the bar and the sushi chef, I believe his name was CJ, welcomed us as well. Our waitress was extremely friendly, she even helped my daughter in her high chair.  Throughout our time there, they were very attentive. They made sure we had water, someone was there to take our order, and cleaned up our plates right when we were done. I loved how not one waitress helped a table, but all the waitresses helped each other out. You can really tell they got along well. The food was amazing! I'm really not into raw sushi rolls but the waitress suggested a raw roll that's good and you can't really tell it's raw. She was right! I couldn't even tell it was raw. I love how everything taste so fresh. I love how they had a kids menu. It was simple but simple is perfect for kids eating at a sushi spot. The prices are reasonable for an AYCE sushi place. It was just an overall great dining experience and can't wait to try it again.
5	Definitely love that when you eat here the people are friendly! The food is consistent here and that's hard to say about a sushi place..our favorites are the super white tuna, garlic tuna, salmon skin hand roll and the Deep Fried Shrimp Heads! It's now our favorite place..the only thing I can say bad is that they need to expand their space.. I'm a big guy and I feel cramped sometimes depending on where I sit We still love you sushi koma!
5	This place is legit. Order as many things as you want at once, the WHOLE menu is AYCE ( some items your only allowed 1 of ). Great quality and taste BUT it's a small place inside. Service was a tad slow but not horrible. I will be back again for sure.
5	The sushi is amazing!!!! The service is so awesome!!!! Such a great price. The atmosphere is great. I highly recommend this sushi place!!!!
5	the fish is still the freshest for AYCE here :)
5	I would consider myself sushi OBSESSED- after living in Vegas for 3 months, I have tried nearly every ACYE sushi joint around, with Umiya being my previous favorite. Not anymore!!! Everything we had was inventive, fresh and phenomenal. The pan- fried gyoza were crisped perfectly, and the seafood tostada was like a delicious fish taco with fresh salsa on a tortilla chip. The sashimi roll was just eh, but the tuna carpaccio is absolute MUST HAVE. Maybe the most delicious sushi dish I've ever had. I also had a variety of nigiri, each of which was furnished with some kind of garnish which kept it interesting (jalepeno for yellowtail, lemon for salmon, garlic and herbs for snapper. We also tried a few different rolls- Tiger, Big B, and Fish Paradise, all of which were good, but not as good as the appetizers and nigiri. For dessert, green tea mochi and plum wine ice cream were delish! Service was very attentive as well. All in all, the most excellent AYCE sushi in Vegas!
3	Sushi Koma didn't give me a k/coma, but they do serve good food in a cramp and dark setting. The table for two is on the small side; just having our menu, drinks, wasabi, and ginger made things a bit cramp. When the food came, my sister placed the menu on her lap to make room. Also, you're not assigned a single waitress, it seems like they all serve you. But that made ordering and receiving chaotic because food was served in bizarre intervals. The first thing I ordered was a house salad but it didn't come until after I made a second order. Other tables around us asked their servers where their food was or to cancel their order because they didn't want to wait anymore. However, they're quick to clear your table and toss those dirty dishes on a two-story cart behind a curtain for everyone to see and hear.  At least the food was good, except for the salad. I know, I know, ordering a ($2-$3) salad at a sushi place is like ordering a hotdog at Le Cirque (sorta), but it was just a haphazard bowl of iceberg, chopped carrots, and .5 oz of dressing (not tossed). The nigiri tasted fresh; drinks were refilled without asking; and the rolls were great and not filled with too much rice. I liked how they organized the rolls into fresh, fried, baked, and crab categories. It made ordering easier. I'll give them points for innovation, though. Under appetizers, you can find their own version of the quesadilla, carpaccio, and tostadas -- sushi inspired, of course. It was my first visit and it was busy, so I'll give it another chance.
5	Have eaten at Sushi Koma twice with friends and everyone has been really happy with their food and service! The staff are nice (though usually a bit rushed as the place is busy). We never waited more than a few minutes for a table. Their prices are decent and we usually do the "all you can eat". Some other places charge you if you leave to much uneaten. Not sure if these guys do, but we've never incurred extra charges. Everything we're tried on the menu was great, except the terriaki chicken - it's way too sweet for my taste. But their rolls are great and their nagiri portions are great too - no skimping on the fish and filling it with a ton of rice. Tempura is excellent. Even their dessert rocks! We especially enjoyed the mocci balls. If you order ice cream, I recommend the red bean flavor. It sounds weird, but trust me, it was the best of all their flavors. Definitely recommend this place and will definitely continue eating here!
5	Always a good time and good meal, Kaori made our visit a good time, for rolls I think we had damn near everything, such a good value, always leave tired
5	I will be back here whenever I visit to Las Vegas! This place has incredible deal $25.95 all you can eat sushi! Wow....their sushi is very fresh for all you can eat place. It was one of the best!
5	Freshest AYCE sushi I've ever had . :) I found this place cause of yelp and by the pictures comments and ratings I expected a better location and it to be prettier . It looks okay at first but I think all the good reviews is because of the food . And OMG can they make sushi. We sat at the bar it wasn't too busy. I think they have a secret menu because the Vegas freak isn't on the menu they have out but it's included in AYCE . Our waitress Leona was really sweet and extremely helpful with Anywho , she was very welcoming and helpful , I'm definitely coming back :)
4	A sushi coma is what we were promised, and we left in a sushi induced coma indeed! I definitely recommend both the Mountain roll and All the Fish roll (I think the names are correct). The seaweed and cucumber salads were both nice and fresh. Staff was super friendly. The place is tiny and pretty cramped, but we didn't mind at all. It feels so cozy. :)
3	Went to this place for my grandfathers first time having sushi. I've gone to sushi many times and this was my first one in Vegas. When I walked in it was really tiny. I saw on here that others had deemed it kid friendly, but honestly... Just because they have high chairs doesn't make that so. It's really cramped in there so I wouldn't advise children under 3. Anyways, here are the specs on the food. It was good food. The fish was really fresh, some of the freshest I've ever had. I always have thought that if you can get squid or octopus and have it not be like chewing fish gum you're in a good place. That's how this wasMy only complaint is the not sharing food. I have a 3 year old and a 1 year old. Because of this policy we ordered a child's meal which was fine. However, we started getting our food before they did. How do you expect me to eat my food in front of my starving children and I'm NOT allowed to share? This was pretty infuriating. Here's a few more cons:- the salmon skin hand roll was cremated. It was terrible. Absolutely terrible. It was like eating fish skin chips and not what it's supposed to be. - it was a bit loud with contemporary music.- it is EXTREMELY cramped once it gets busier. I almost hit a few people with my 1 year old just trying to get out.- the high chair straps were DISGUSTING. I mean, they were just covered in various others kids meals to the point I couldn't tighten it down. It was stiff from all the yuck.- We are forced to buy kids meals but have no kid friendly beverages? - many times we were delayed getting our food. How can you enforce a 45 minute time frame, but take 15 minutes to bring a couple things? Anyways. It was great quality, don't get me wrong. But the other aspects weren't as great. Other than the Brie and grape quesidilla. That was amazing. I probably wouldn't be back unless it wasn't my choice.
2	This place was okay.The servers are friendly but the food was mediocre for the price they sell their sushi for.We ordered the Almost Fire and Pania roll. The almost fire did not look fresh. It looked like it was sitting there for a while.Somehow, I have no idea how, our other order was forgotten. So we sat there for how long waiting for our other order. How do you forget two rolls of sushi? The pania roll was good. It tasted like other sushi we've had before.We spent $33 for two rolls of sushi that wasn't worth the price.  This was a good experience. But with so many sushi places in Vegas, we will try others.
2	Service was def 5 stars.  But the food was probably 1 star.And they are great at asking if you want more.  They were very accommodating with our kids.But the fish and rice were def off.  And I mean really off.  I can't imagine it just being an off night because overall AYCE sushi is not that good and they weren't even close to being at the AYCE acceptable level.  I have pretty low standards for sushi.  I expected to be as good as Island Sushi and Grill in LV or Midori in Ventura County (CA).Worst hamachi, salmon, albacore nigiri that I've ever had.  White tuna was the best nigiri that I had that night.Rolls were really bad.  I mean how do you mess up something that has mayo, sauce, and rice?  Too many to mention.The tempura was just okay.  The quesadilla is a waste of food space.  The gyoza was good.Wish the food was better because they are awesome people.Only been to Island Sushi and Grill before Koma.  Island is good for AYCE (not great) but Koma isn't even as close.  If this place is really the 4.5 stars that everyone raves about, you should give everyone else 10 stars.  When I come back to LV without the kids I think we're going to have to Goyemon.
5	Excellent sushi especially for an all you can eat.  I lean more towards the traditional rolls that highlight the ingredients (fish being the main of course) and Sushi Koma delivers.  We all know how sushi places can be hit and miss but this place is a hit for sure.  Also just a heads up you can get the rolls as half rolls so you can try more.
3	Came here a few weeks ago on a girls night. Extremely packed. The service was good the sushi good. Nothing outstanding. Moderate mediocre. Quality fish but not much pizazz.
5	The service was great! Staff gives great recommendations on sushi, everything we tried was amazing and the portions were good. The restaurant is clean and neat. The atmosphere is nice! If you want tasty sushi for a good price this is the place to go!
3	I came with a friend a few nights ago and was relieved that there was ample seating still available on a Friday night at 7p. We were sat right away and opted for AYCE, ordering round one once we received menus that were forgotten upon our arrival. We started with salmon, yellowtail, and super white tuna and chatted about life and work while waiting for our fish, though it appeared that nobody else was and were receiving theirs punctually. Thinking service was pushed back due to the filling dining room, we stopped another server and ordered another round of uni, masago, and amaebi, requesting that the shrimp heads be fried, before round one touched down. Nope - these items came out almost as soon as we ordered it, so we stopped not one, but two servers, to inquire about the first couple of items. The servers assured us that it was "on the way," but everything about the timing and operation just seemed out of whack. I wasn't sure if I was supposed to leave feeling like I was in a "k"oma (ugh, by the way, I hate replacing c-words with a "k"), or if the communication between the servers was comatose. Sorry, "k"omatose. I do have to say, though, that the girls working the dining room are very personable, all things said. If any one of them has her own station, we certainly didn't see it - at any time we were able to place orders with anyone, and everyone came by to inquire about us and refill our beverages. A plus!
3	I was not really impressed with this place whatsoever. The service was very weird, we were asked by four different people in the span of three minutes if we were doing all you can eat, and when we said no, they seemed put off. I was just in the mood for one or two rolls sorry! The menu was expensive for the average flavor that I tasted, and I wouldn't have minded as much if they weren't so all over the place with taking our order, and if it didn't take almost fifteen minutes to ask for the check when they weren't busy at all. I didn't order a ton of the menu, so i'm just giving an average review based on my experience. Apparently they are awesome for AYCE so maybe i'll try back next time when I'm hungrier.
1	Overpriced for the quality of food and service.  Might as well go to the strip for overpriced sushi.   And no Mil Disc.  If your gonna charge that much...at least provide better specials or discounts.
5	This place is bomb if your a sushi lover like me. They use the freshest fish available that you literally can taste the difference. Everyone is very friendly & there always smiling. I have not eaten sushi anywhere else in the last 2 years. Chris who happens to be the owner is an awesome guy. If I could give this place 10 stars they'd have it.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. I love it so much to the point where I'll drive great distances to get my AYCE sushi fix here. This place is absolutely worth driving any length, consuming every calorie and cutting your night short to fall into (as the name of the place suggests) a Sushi Koma and sleeping happily ever after afterwards.This place is FRESH. Everything from the fish, to the seafood, even the appetizers, is probably the best you're going to get in Vegas with an AYCE concept restaurant. You can also order A La Carte from the regular menu but let's face it, dining patrons here take advantage of trying every single delectable item this place has to offer. If you're a nigiri feen like myself, definitely try every single nigiri on the menu to see what I'm talking about, freshness wise. The appetizer menu is amazing as well. The Brie & Grape Quesadilla is a must try and I always find myself ordering about three of these during every visit. It's interestingly good!The service here is always on point as well. My beverage cup is never empty, my table is never piling with empty plates and my sushi orders arrive simultaneously so you can actually enjoy everything while it's fresh. If you happen to be sitting along the sushi bar and have a chance to talk with Moon (the owner and head chef) during your meal, let him know that Julie Tran says hi. I'm always a low key walking billboard for this place if I know you're craving sushi and wouldn't mind spending a little bit of my time informing you about how amazing this place is.
5	I have been to a lot of sushi places lately and this one has stood out from all the rest. The pure quality stands out the most. Rice is always sticky, soft, and not too plentiful. The fish is fresh and colorful. The servers are friendly, courteous and always attentive. Best AYCE place I have been to in recent memory!
5	Fresh sushi and great customer service. I had a great experience and I will definately come back soon!
3	I hate to only give three stars because the owner is really nice according to my girl that is a regular. We went there last night around 11pm. It's a small, hip, hole-in-the-wall type of sushi bar. The food was a bit overpriced, as my girlfriend also agreed upon when I mentioned how 4 pieces of small shrimp tempura is $6?! Idk, maybe I'm overreacting haha we didn't get our second water until close to the end of our meal, nor did we get our second shot glass for our sake until the second large sake bottle we ordered. We asked for extra napkins, which wasn't provided. The waitress was nice, but was gone in the back most of the time. We had to even order with the sushi chef once. Nonetheless, we still tipped 20% totaling to 65$ for 2 small sakes, 1 large sake, California rolls, shrimp and veggie tempura, crunchy rolls, and spicy tuna rolls. I guess I'm used to even recognized sushi bars having a happy hour or not being so overpriced.... I liked the music though! Haha
3	It was okay.  The rolls could have been formed better.  The space is very small and they choice of paint makes it feel even smaller.  There was nothing remarkable in my mind about this place versus the other sushi places in town.
3	First off, let me say that about 6 months ago I would have given this place 5 stars - I've recommended it to everyone and been a huge fan since it was Sushi Freak.  They have incredibly fresh fish, good choices, and usually a friendly staff.  The last two visits, however, have been less than stellar.  About a month ago we actually left because, in 20 minutes, no one came over to say hi or take our order (at the sushi bar!).  I generally don't make a habit of leaving once I've sat down, but I was starving and we just didn't feel very welcomed.  The last time, this week, was very busy - the after work crowd is huge for this small place!  My group of three sat at the sushi bar - however NONE of the three sushi chefs made eye contact or took our order.  They seemed to be intentionally staring down and making food, and not communicating at all with the people at the sushi bar.  Only as we were leaving did a chef come on who was friendly and asked how we were doing - everything else we ordered through the server.Just disappointed - there are so many great AYCE sushi places with hospitable chefs and staff, and I'm not sure what happened to this place!  I'll go back eventually, but it's dropped in my standings behind some consistent favorites.
2	Service was good, but sushi was way overpriced for the quality. We ordered two speciality rolls, $14 each, barely any fish on them. Mine had more cream cheese than tuna and salmon together. Never coming back......and most of the reviews are ridiculous, they were written by the owner or people that show up drunk and order the all you can eat....if you really enjoy sushi, go somewhere else.....
5	I lovr this place.The fish is vey fresh and all displays are so cute and organized.Some AYCE sushi place have large portion of roll and sushi however, I can try many diffetent things in sushi koma.
5	I have to agree with Jade - it's the service here that blows the other AYCE places away. Maybe it's the small format which sets Sushi Koma and the esteemed (but not AYCE) Yummy Grill on West Lake Mead Blvd apart from the rest. Drinks and plates are always being attended to - an AYCE meal at Koma doesn't have to take an hour or more, you could probably rip in and out of here in 25 mins with a suitably full belly.Speaking of belly, yellowtail belly and salmon belly are almost always available and good quality, the tako sushi is tender, the special tostada is awesome, and the gyoza are addictive - thinly-wrapped and perfectly pan toasted. I could eat 100+ pieces of these if I had to.Unagi is always good quality, and their saba (mackerel) is unusually delicate and light: it's made in-house and not super smoky/briny like most places. I love it. I prefer the live scallop on-the-shell at Yummy Grill to the 'fresh' scallop version at Koma, but maybe that's just me. You really feel like an appreciated customer here. Smiles among the cool waitstaff are a plenty and the Koma chefs have got skills. Sushi Koma feels like a small NYC-style spot - except you don't have to wait 45mins for a seat at the sushi bar. That's a good feeling.
5	The best sushi in town!! Even though I live on the other side of town, Sushi Koma is worth the drive.  The fish is always fresh and the Seafood Tostada is too die for!!!! Great date spot!
4	Kimmy Roll - like a chinese food party in my mouthVenice Roll - for Eel & Salmon loversService is great and food comes out in a timely fashion
4	Fresh oh my goodness it's been awhile since I've good sushi in this city. Fish Paradise roll was fresh and I really mean that. I could taste all the different flavors in the roll. We also had the sam's volcano. Now we don't usually do baked rolls but this one wasn't grease or too heavy.  Excited to come back.
5	AYCE - thats all we DOO DoDoDooooo;)!!!!Sushi rolls insider mix is pretty different from many other places would serve. Fresh, juicy meals and good looking place, little bit small but modern and clean;)!!!! Waitress was very personal) Like it! Will come back)!
4	My regular 5-star go to spot as of late did me dirty with some old fish on their appetizer sashimi plate (I'm lookin' at you, Naka Sushi) so I decided to try out a new joint.I think many past reviews have hit the highs and lows of this place right on the nose (don't you love yelp?)PROS:--Sashimi roll appetizer: Highlight of the entire meal, outstanding--Fish was fresh; good salmon, yellowtail and red snapper--Seafood Tostada: Great flavor--Tuna carpaccio: Great!--Service: Excellent, fast and friendly waitress--Good use of the toasted garlic chips on a few dishes--Gyoza: Perfectly pan fried, so many other places steam it soggy.--Chef willing to make some stuff not on the menu per request, such as my California style salmon Nigiri (rice/salmon/avocado/lemon/jalapeno/garlic ponzu)--Open til 3am--Decent fish/rice ratio--They'll do half rolls if you ask (most places do these days)CONS:--The music is a little bit in your face...I guess they are going for the hip vibe with house remixes of top 40 pop...--Though I'm a fan of garlic, in a couple plates they mistakenly used garlic ponzu when regular ponzu would have been called for. Had to have been a mistake as the after-taste didn't gel right with the fish. --The lemon pieces over some nigiri were twice as thick as they should be. A little over-powering--Not too many choices for rolls, but I didn't walk out hungry The place is the closest sushi joint to where I live and open til 3am...I walked out satisfied and I'll most likely be back. Strong 4 stars
5	Great sushi at sushi freak. I use to go to Brian's Beach what a great change. My new favorite place.
5	This is the best sushi restaurant I have ever been too! We bring everyone who visit here first thing. The restaurant is clean and the service is excellent! I haven't tried anything there I didn't love.
4	Came skeptical, left happy. Decided to go for the all-you-can-eat dinner and had tons of great fish. Service was amazing too. Will be back...
5	Oh gosh, Sushi Koma is too good.I am a huge nigiri lover so dried, disgusting fish is a big no no. I consistently order the same thing from sushi places so it is easy for me tell which place has better quality fish. My order is usually salmon, tuna, yellow tail, and scallop. I have never had bad quality fish from Koma and Sushi Koma is the only place other than Goyemon that I've been to that offers fresh scallop on consistent bases. A big part of nigiri is the rice and I have to say Koma's rice is pretty darn delicious even consumed by itself. So if you are a nigiri lover, this is definitely the place for you. One thing though, if you dont like lemon on your salmon or pepper on your yellow tail, just like them know you want nigiri with no toppings. I quiet like the toppings but some people may not.My girlfriend and I are not big time roll eaters because my girlfriend is from Japan and she does not like that creamy stuff and I just like really fresh fish but of we did order rolls we would go with Todd roll, dragon roll, and tiger roll. Todd roll is definitely the best roll though. Sushi Koma doesn't have a huge appetizer selection which might be problematic for some people. They do, however, offer some very unique items which some people may find interesting. To me, a nigiri eater, as long as seaweed salad, miso soup, and baked mussels are there, fish quality is more important than anything. Service is a huge bright spot for Koma. Everyone is so friendly that it's hard to not love the place. Overall, a fantastic AYCE sushi place for nigiri lovers!!! I live like 40 minutes away but I am addicted to getting SUSHI KOMA!!!!!!!!!
4	I love Sushi Koma! Only downfall It's pretty small on the inside 9 tables mostly 2 tops and a sushi bar that seats 7. It is definitely worth it to do the AYCE. Favorite Rolls here: Tiger Roll and Sam's Volcano
5	I've tried a lot of sushi places in Vegas never thought that the one around the block is the best there is!!!! No doubt my new fav place... Im sushi fanatic and i will recommend this place without thinkig twice i lv it the service the food amazing everything about it!!!!!!
3	The 4th visit to this location and we were extremely disappointed with the service. Everything took extremely long to get to the table and if you've been to this place you know it's not a big place... the food was good but the service, being as slow as it was, made the experience not a very good one. I do believe that the servers need more training on how to multi-task and they also need to learn to be more efficient. I would think that being a multi-tasker would be a 'must' for this type of job position.
5	What can I say! The owner remembers our faces, the waitresses are super friendly and lightning fast and the sushi....my god! Fresh! Delicious and beSt best thing---you can do AYCE half orders. We have tried almost everything and have never been let down. Everything is pretty much...YUM!!! The sushi chefs will even make custom rolls for you (ask nicely) how awesome is that! They play awesome music too! Ambience is a mixed crowd- but a fun one to bat. Come in down say hi to Chris, try the Twist Octopus Roll, PCH Roll and no matter how stuffed you get DO NOT leave this place without sampling their Seafood Tostada-only 1 per person! That's how Good this is! We always save ours for last! Have fun! Come happy leave dazed!
2	The sushi was excellent but the service was so slow it ruined the whole experience. It took 15 minutes between each dish, including dishes ordered together. It was the first time I've left an all-you-can-eat place still hungry.
3	Sushi Koma has a nice variety of rolls and prompt service.  We visited at lunch time on a Saturday and wait times for roll prep were minimal.  There were only 2 others parties in the small restaurant, so I can't speak for busier dinner times.  The wait staff is very friendly and constantly checking in on guests.  We selected the AYCE option.  Our major gripe was after the first couple of rolls, the rice units per roll more than doubled.
5	great all u can eat sushi! Great customer service. The sushi there are really fresh! N the price is reasonable.
1	Don't know what happened, food ordered didn't show up, zero service, went there for lunch and couldn't leave because waitress I was nowhere to be found to get the check.  Probably won't be there again ever.
4	This is my go-to on the Westside. I've introduced this place to dozens of friends, who have in turn introduced it to dozens more. Pros: AYCE is a great price. Free bottle of sake after 8pm on Wednesdays. Music is always fun. Rolls are absolutely delicious. Open late (3am). Ample parking (except for on Wed, when they have car shows). Quick and friendly service. Uni is better than Yama's (sorry, not sorry?). What we ordered: To preface... Every roll we ordered was pretty light and refreshing, so it might be a bit biased. I've had too many bad experiences with too many cream cheese rolls, so I'm over it. -Stephanie Roll-Kimmy Roll (definitely my fave of the bunch)-Ponzio roll-Tropicana Roll-Tuna carpaccio (always a must have, we even got 2 dishes this time)-Alex's Munchie (super spicy to me, but I'm not great with spicy)-Fish Paradise-Uni-Seaweed salad-Cajun albacore (slightly spicy)Cons: No lighting in the front corner table. Super small place, not great for groups. No garlic albacore, WTF?
5	Sushi Koma is my new favorite sushi spot. The food is awesome every time. The have been getting busier and busier each time I go so the word must be getting out. I love the all you can eat during lunch as you really get a great deal for a great cost especially for a sushi place. I would definitely recommend this spot to my friends and visitors to town looking for a locals spot off the strip.
5	Yummmmmm!!!! And impeccable service! Super friendly and flexible staff. Chefs are creative and delivery on it!
5	I Love sushi freak! They have fresh sushi and a very unique menu. You have to try the VEGAS ROLL&soft shell crab. They have a very friendly staff and reasonable prices then your average sushi place. also the volcano roll is the best:) this will be my new spot.
4	Sushi Koma is my favorite AYCE sushi joint.  It's around 25.95 for dinner.  I really like their selection of rolls.  I've dined here quite a few times and the thing I like most about it is their attention to detail in every roll.  I've gone to plenty of sushi places where the rolls look sloppy, rice is falling off, the avocado is brown, and the fish is slipping out of the roll; every time I have gone here and every roll I've had looks well prepared and tastes the same every time.  They are consistent in the great quality of the food.  The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because their service is extremely inconsistent.  The service is always pleasant but sometimes they are flat out freakin slow.  One time I left because other than moving me and my bf to another table, we were not acknowledged for 20 minutes!  Given that fact you gotta know I really love the food considering I'm STILL giving them 4 stars.  Tuna carpacchio (sp?) is a must.  Their spicy tuna has been unusually hot every time I've had it so I stay away from those rolls now.  My favorite rolls are the paradise roll, the stephanie roll, and SC7 (off the top of my head).
5	I have been to Sushi Koma many many times over the last several years, since it was Brian's Beach and Sushi Freak, but I only recently joined Yelp. So one of the first things I have to do is tell everyone how great this place is. On the other hand, if too many people find out about Sushi Koma, it might get too crowded, and I will have a hard time getting a table...We love sushi in our house, but my biggest complaint at every other restaurant is always how long I have to wait. Seriously, anywhere else you will have to wait for either a round of sushi, a greeting, or the check for so long that you could take a 15 minute nap or longer. But somehow Sushi Koma is the only restaurant on the planet that has figured out how to make your custom order super fast. Everyone works together to take your order(s), bring your drinks, food, check & change, all while keeping your table maintained & as clutter-free as possible.Sushi Koma offers an AYCE (all-you-can-eat) option, and at $26 per person for dinner, you can't go wrong. The sushi quality is outstanding and on par with other establishments that don't offer AYCE and have bills that might be three times higher. (I guess the last sentence makes it obvious that I can pack away a lot of sushi!)If you want a sushi kind of appetizer, get the sashimi roll and/or tuna carpaccio. If you want something non-sushi, I recommend the gyoza and ask for it pan-fried. All of these & more are included in the AYCE menu, plus deserts. (I like their green tea flavored mochi ice cream for desert. It is small - good when you are already stuffed - and is a really nice way to end the meal.)The biggest negative is that it is such a tiny little place, so it gets crowded fast. When we go, we try to get there early to avoid the wait - 5:30 seems to work pretty well. But with fast & friendly service, terrific food & AYCE prices, it is worth the wait if you have to!Finding it: Sushi Koma is located in the shopping center at the southwest corner of Flamingo & Durango. Enter the parking lot is on the Flamingo side.
4	I am giving them 5 stars for quality and food, and 2 stars for service.  We went on Wednesday for the AYCE and the food quality and presentation was excellent.  Everything was fresh/fresh/fresh, you have to try the mussels.  Great selection of rolls, no favorites they were all so good.  On the service, this is a small place, so we could not understand how the two waitresses kept forgetting our order, even though they wrote them down?Definitely will come back, but will try to sit at the sushi bar, instead of a table.
5	FOOD:I am in love with this sushi restaurant. The quality of the fish is so good, it just melts in your mouth! I'm from the LA area and I haven't eaten at an AYCE sushi restaurant that has fish as good as Sushi Koma's. I usually get the nigiri and the sashimi roll when I come. I don't order the special rolls so I can't base my review off that. But I always find ordering nigiri allows me to get my money's worth. SERVICE:Everyone is so friendly and kind here. One of the waitresses remembered me from last time although it was about 8 months ago! One of the sushi chefs made me a salmon roe hand roll even though it wasn't on the menu. :-) INTERIOR:It is a bit small in here so it's not ideal for big groups but it's perfect for bringing a date! The ambience is nice for both a date or just catching up with friends.
4	I'm not a fan of AYCE sushi. Why you ask? I love sushi, but I can't eat a lot of it, even if I wanted to. Usually I order 2 rolls and that gets me pretty full. Anyway, I have said this before and will say it again. My favorite sushi restaurant is Sen of Japan. Haven't found anything better. However, I do like Sushi Koma. If I had to do AYCE, I wouldn't mind coming here. Service is usually pretty good. Other than the time we went on Christmas Day, the servers are friendly and attentive. I have never seen the guys working the sushi bar talking to customers, but who knows if they even speak English very well. That would explain why we always have to order through our server and not directly with them? Even when you are sitting right in front of them? Christmas Day here was horrible. It was crowded and service was pretty slow, although it did look like they had enough staff working. Maybe they were just not used to a full house? They forgot about our order because everyone else was getting their sushi except for us. Even those that were seated after us. I think we waited over 30 minutes to get our first round of sushi. While we were patiently waiting, one of the servers noticed us and asked if we had already ordered. We told her "yes, a long time ago." She went to the kitchen to let someone know. Finally, we got our food a while later. As I mentioned, I can rarely eat more than 2 rolls (unless I didn't eat all day), but everything I tried so far has been good. My favorite is the SC7 roll: shrimp, cream cheese and avocado with spicy crab on top. The gyoza was also tasty and didn't seem like the frozen kind. I have ordered take out from here as well, and I must say that they pack everything very nicely in those to-go containers!Overall not bad for AYCE sushi and the prices are reasonable. Located next to AABS Dental.
4	This is actually one of my favorite places to go these days + it's right by Hunnie Bunnie's dance school.I think the first time I came here I over stuffed my face with sushi and was in an extreme sushi koma which was TOO much.All the other times I come here I find the fish to be fresh and tasty and I like their unique menu items like the sashimi roll, seafood tostada and the tuna carpaccio! Nom!
5	What's not to like about this place. I got  here and was greeted right away and sat down quick, ( I got there early before the rush). the place got packed real quick. The place was small, but nice. We ordered the AYCE, and I loved it. You can taste the quality they put into the food. I started with green muscles and, sashimi roll, fresh and great flavors, then went on to different rolls. I ate so much I forgot names of rolls or nigiri I ate. Bottom line, if you love sushi, you gotta try Sushi Koma.
5	When you're hungry late night on a sunday when everything is closed early come here! I had the Sams volcano roll which was baked salmon, scallops, yum yum sauce on top of California rolls; the d.A. Roll which was breaded deep fried spicy tuna salmon yellowtail shrimp and avocado roll w spicy mayo; and the Alex's munchies roll which was spicy scallop and shrimp tempura roll w avocado slices, and all three were uhhhhhmayzing! Love love it for my first time here! Not to mention, the servers are super cute ;) Ended my night with strawberry tempura ice cream ;)
4	A solid 4 star experience. The vast majority of the nigiri was fresh, and quite good, but the salmon came out slightly towards room temp and definitely should've been colder. As before, not the best sushi I've ever had, but if you have a large appetite and want to save a couple of dollars I definitely recommend dining here.One of the things I appreciate about Sushi Koma is how fast the service is and especially compared to most Japanese restaurants. There are some places in town you'd need a sundial to time the waitress. At Koma, our servers were right on point and delivered everything with a quickness!We'll definitely be returning.
5	We've been here six times and I can never get a picture in because the sushi has been devoured ! The fact that almost everything is lemony is a huge plus for me. Uni is amazing. Albacore delicious.. Even Cajun style which I'm never a fan of. Scallops are delicious. Green muscles (usually take a while so order first) My favorite roll is the twist octopus which is simple, clean and delicious. They're AYCE is the whole menu (considering that one item is 10bucks it's smart to do AYCE for about 25 I believe. We are always happy here and drive about 30 mins to get our fix. Thank you sushi koma for being consistently delicious!
4	Open until 3AM and good sushi don't always go together.This place pulls it off. Nice small intimate location, not good for large parties but that's ok.  Will definitely fo AYCE next trip since you'll pay the same amount for a couple rolls and a drink.  If you love sushi you should bookmark this place right now and get to it asap.
5	My top two favorite sushi place ever, friendly staff, opens really late at night, and amazing AYCE sushi! I realized they changed their name almost a year ago. I always leave this place with sushi coma, I'm never disappointed whenever I come here.  Recommend sushi place for all sushi lovers!
4	Food was amazing, Staff was polite and calm unlike some sushi joints where the waitress is running around like a chicken with its head cut off. that just helps no-one. food was fresh and the place was small but its perfect for a dinner for two. would not recommend for large parties.
3	This place is definitely not the best, but it was decent. Pricey however and very tiny inside. Food was good for the most part. Fish seemed fresh.
4	This tiny sushi bar and sit down is a great place to have a bite when you're in the mood for AYCE. It's $22 for lunch and $25 for dinner starting at 4pm. It's open tip 3AM, which is a huge, huge plus for me as a hungry college-goer! We need our after party snacks ;) Ambiance: 3 - Small, but homey. Almost too small for my taste. Sitting at the bar is more roomy than chillin at the tiny table my party of 2 was seated! Fun, American music playlist though aha! I heard everything from 90's to alternative to punk rock. Service: 4 - One thing about a small place, it means pretty quick service. I've deff been to slower sushi places! It only took about 10-15 minutes for all my orders to come out, and most everything was correct. They were also super attentive and really friendly and kind!! Food: 4 - Food was yum! But nothing to write home about. Yet, I'd still go back! I did especially love the ahi tostadas, and fresh nigiri (all of it)--which I'm a huge fan of! Not the freshest fish I've had, but still pretty dang tasty. For specialty rolls, I'm addicted to soft shell crab, so my favorite rolls always include those. (Bank & Spider are my go-to's) For dessert, you can only have one! Sadly, they were out of green tea mochi :( But I made do with coffee. Definitely interested in coming back to taste more nigiri during lunch--gotta save those bucks! Go try their 'small dishes'; it will definitely make you fall in love with fresh fish!
4	Came here on a whim because I NEEDED sushi. After seeing the yelp reviews, I knew we couldn't go wrong. Like a lot of sushi restaurants, this place was crowded and seating was tight. We opted for the dinner special menu instead of the all-you-can-eat or sushi al a carte. I'm a big fan of sushi dinner specials because you can usually get a roll, miso soup, rice, a meat of some sort (chicken, fish, etc.), tempura, and appetizers (gyoza, egg roll). For $14 you really can't go wrong if you're on a budget. We had so much food, we had to take it home. The food was fantastic. I got the teriyaki chicken special: chicken, white rice, miso soup, 1 gyoza, 1 egg roll, 6 pieces veggie tempura, and a 6 piece california roll. OMG so much food!!! I especially loved the gyoza! A lot of places I've been will have these super greasy, but these weren't at all. Def. coming back here!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, hands down.  Completely UNDERRATED.  I take this AYCE over any other.  Food and service.Standouts are the appetizers (this is my favorite part).  Seafood tostada, sashimi roll, tuna carpaccio.  Good god these are so good!!  You can only get one of these though, whereas the other items are unlimited.As far as rolls, I'm gonna go old school and say the tiger roll is my favorite.  That warm shrimp tempura along side that cold, spicy tuna.  My oh my!!  Random note:  The spicy tuna is actually spicy here.This is a must for all you can eat lovers.
5	I'm picky about my sushi, but Koma is hands down one of my top places! Reasonable prices, fantastic service, fresh, tasty, unique, and yummy rolls. Everyone is very friendly and welcoming, You have to try the tuna carpaccio.
4	I came here for a sushi craving and since the place has been recommended and is close by my house I decided to stop in. The wait was about 10 mins, 3 of us sat in a tiny table squeezed in a random spot, however within minutes we were moved to a large table with b plenty of room. The service was FANTASTIC, the hostess was super sweet and the waitress was very friendly and funny. Didn't mind at all how picky of an eater I was and even made helpf suggestions. The 4 out of 5 stars is because although the food was good it wasn't great, fish was fresh however a little too dull. I would recommend it to a friend and might even go back especially since they're open till 3am.
4	I ordered the shrimp tempura roll and on the scale of 1-10... The sushi was a 10. Delicious egg rolls and the miso soup was to die for. Great music in the background! But the customer service was ice cold. No warm welcome no enjoy just don't sit here don't sit there. There was also a smell not sure what!
5	Absolutely love coming here! The food is always so good and just fresh! Service is amazing too. Love every time Cat is our server. All the girls are great but Cat is our fave! If you have not tried, must try at least once.
4	was looking for good sushi, did the usual yelp search, read the reviews they were everything the restaurant & service was...this place is small, lively,  definately worth the money & drive... I will definitely come back...
1	So I've been to this place a handful of times. Needless to say I will NEVER be going back again. There were only 4 of us to start off. Right when we got there I ordered 4 rolls immediately. 1 full roll and all the others a half roll. My friends put in orders as well. After about 20 minutes all of my friends had received there orders except for me. I finally got my baked roll and politely asked what was going on. Well they switched servers for some reason but the first girl completely failed to tell the next girl what we had ordered. Speeding up to an hour later and I still had not received my HALF rolls when everyone else's orders were pretty much complete except one other person. FINALLY  I got another full roll...that was supposed to be half. I asked the girl what was going on yet again telling her I had ordered 3 half rolls. By this time I had told her 3 times what my beginning order was.  Then when I finally got my other 2 half rolls she rudely asked if we were done ordering and I preceded to tell her I was still waiting for my 3rd. It was never put in. We got the bill 30 minutes into our bill so we just paid and left. Let me tell you I am always one to tip but I definitely did not here. Oh and I did not even mention that the huge group behind us got ALL of their food and we sat before them. WORST SERVICE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD. I DO NOT SUPPORT THIS LOCAL BUSINESS ANY LONGER.
4	This place is pretty good.  It is small however.  The best deal is to order the all you can eat for $25 because some of the rolls are $16 so it definitely makes sense.  Some items on the menu can only be ordered once, but that wasn't a big deal.  I got the Denver Roll, Sweet Shrimp, Big B Roll, Sams Volcano Roll, SSS Roll.  They were all pretty good I'm a great selector I think my favorites were Sams, and Big B.  I also did the flight of Saki for $10 which was descent next time I'd just get a plum wine instead of the rest of the flavors.  One thing I didn't like is there were no baby lobster rolls, and the tempura ice cream was just vanilla, I would have fathered green tea.  The waitress said it is usually strawberry. I will definitely come back.
4	Be prepared to pound the pavement after the extra 100 pounds of sushi you'll destroy at Sushi Koma!!!I have heard whispers of sushi Koma from a few people in town but never really thought to much about heading there as the few sushi places in my area are pretty decent ala Naka Sushi, and sometimes once youfind a good sushi restaurant you don't like to stray to far as you might feel like your cheating on them with the new hot sexy thang that's just walked past.Arriving at Koma we had some friends arrive   Earlier and grab a table as the line was out the door and waiting might not have been fun in the heat.Grabbing a few beers to start with, we ordered the AYCE, as sampling the whole menu is always the challenge that never gets completed. Tuna Carpaccio to start off was legit and highly recommended. After blowing through quite a few rolls id also recommend the Elephant Roll as I think we got two orders it was that good.Overall Service: 4-5Price: $$$Food: 4-5Drink: 4-5Coming Back: oh yeah
5	For an AYCE this place is 5 stars. We went around 4:30 on Sunday and there was no problem getting a table. There was actually another Yelp Elite sitting next to me. The bf and I each ordered a large Kirin Light ($8.50 each) and the AYCE. We had yellowtail, tuna , albacore, and snapper. Many many pieces and they were so good. The fish was so fresh. I liked that they did not put a bunch f rice under it. It was the perfect amount.We ordered the Philly roll, rainbow, Jane, Catepillar, Spider, some steak roll and the sashimi roll. We ordered multiples of these rolls but I am not going to admit how many. =) They were all very good and very fresh.The service was fast and they had a lot of people waiting on the small amount of tables they had. We only waited about 5 minutes in between orders. I highly recommend this lace if you want AYCE. Loved it.
5	Yum! My GF and I found this place the first night I came to Vegas - because it was super late on a Sunday night and they were open - yay!The sushi was really good - they have a great selection and it didn't take too long to get our food. The servers are very polite and cheery. For the $ you're paying (and it's not a lot) you're getting pretty delicious food. I still go here every once in a while and would recommend it for a quick sushi dinner.
5	The best sushi place I have been to! their sushi isn't made with too much rice to make you full like most AYCE places. You should give them a chance you will be glad you did. They have great sake also.
1	Didn't get to try this place after 2 botched attempts. The first time they told me 1 hour wait after I showed up for my reservation on time. The second they told me again 30 minutes wait when I showed up on time. Too many other good sushi places in town to make it worth the hassle. Besides the place is small, crowded and not comfortable looking. I'm not an AYCE fan to begin with, so I'm going to stick with my regular favorites like Yonaka, Soho Japanese, Kabuki and Nobu.
1	So came here in Mother's Day a year ago and they screwed up my reservation. Had to go somewhere else was so aggravated. So decided a year later to give this place another shot called up and made the reservation. Wifey called they said it was a 15 min wait. Told them we would be there in 20. So we get there and then they tell us there is at least another 20 min wait!!! WTF!!! These guys are morons!!!! I didn't want to go there anyways place is so tiny you can hardly move in there....thanks for screwing me again!!!! This place is cut!!!!!!!!
2	Lunch: (11:30am-4pm) $21.95Dinner: (4pm-3am) $25.95Very tight quarters in this sushi joint, we arrived early (about 6pm Sunday) and luckily my hungry party of 4 didn't have to wait to be seated.Let's see...the short story of it is, I really wasn't impressed or satisfied with their rolls and nigiri. There were only 4 items on the menu that I liked, though, they weren't life changing. With their rolls, we all looked at each other and were like wow, they really packed the rice in there - It was like a rice roll and not a sushi roll, all rice and no filling. It was very disappointing (and filling). The good:-Sashimi Roll -  (1 order per person and it's an tiny itty bitty portion) we all really enjoyed the flavors on this one. Refreshing, sweet, and lovely fish texture and flavor. -Salmon Nigiri - the salmon was sweet and buttery. The lemon slices on top were cut too thick so the flavor was too overwhelming and it took away from the salmon flavor. We ate the rest of the nigiri without it. -Seafood Tostada - 1 crunchy wonton chip topped with a mystery seafood mix in a poke style marinade. It was crisp and refreshing. - uni for AYCE was 1 order per person. It was very fresh and sweet.The bad: -Crunchy roll- a plain jane CA roll and some sprinkles of tempura flakes. Not sure what's the deal, but It wasn't even crunchy :/-Big b roll - a very dense roll. This roll was so terrible, that everyone at the table made a weird face after they took a bite. We all didn't want to eat anymore. The meat on top was chewy, the rice was super dense and soggy, and the flavor profile was pretty strange, sour and didn't tie everything together. -Spider roll - stuffed to the max with rice. A paper thin piece of crab, I think? We really didn't taste it. -Baked mussels - severely dry as heck! Typically baked mussels are plump, juicy and topped with Japanese mayo and unagi sauce. This one didn't have any, or if they did, we didn't taste it. It was painful to eat. -Miso soup - It came out room temperature and it tasted watery. -Plum wine ice cream - it tasted like artificial bubblegum. We didn't finish it. -Halibut nigiri - it had a ponzu-like sauce on it and it tasted like a very distinct artificial citrus and smoke flavor. We all agreed that they were mostly trying to mask an older fishy cut of halibut.-They didn't offer us the fried heads on our ama ebi nigiri (sweet shrimp) - that's the best part! We also ordered a volcano roll, but it never made it to us and we were all actually extremely relieved about that. We all didn't want to deal with another train wreck.For now, we will stick with Naka Sushi or Sakana until something else comes up.
4	This place is definitely one of the best AYCE places in town. The fish is consistently high quality, especially their salmon cuts (which is my overall barometer on the quality of a sushi place. If the salmon sucks, so will everything else). The fish to rice ratio is also good, so you're not getting a big lump of rice with barely any fish on it.They have a good selection of rolls, with plenty of options to enjoy.Their appetizers are a bit lacking in serving size, but the food itself is good.Service is generally good here, especially when compared to other places where the service is usually pretty bad (I'll never understand why). A couple of times I got hit with the "second order lack of service" issue that tends to happen at AYCE places where they take forever to come back and get more orders, they'll take forever to get your second orders to you, or sometimes outright forget some or all of your orders. Every other time the servers have been attentive and gotten my food to me in a fairly prompt manner.Prices are standard for an AYCE place (about $35 after tax, beverage, and tip).An added bonus is they're open very late until 3AM.My only real complaint is how amazingly small the place is. Its very difficult not to feel very cramped even when it's not that packed inside (though it usually is). Also it's small size means long waits if you don't get there at the right time.
1	we use to come here quite often with our friends. but recently their service is getting down pretty bad. there are still some of senior server knows what they are doing. but all the new servers that we don't know( started past few month) they don't even have any knowledge of fish or sushi. they looks pretty and cute. but all the looks doesn't give us any good quality of service. last visit was last thursday... it was just bad experience by their service. we got there around 7pm... it was all servers that we don't know. and  it was pretty poor customer service over all. we did all you can eat.. but rolls got kept missing and we have to constantly remind them get drink refill.....     we love there  foods and few of servers has been workin there since we started going there from las year. it might be owner's styles or favor that has pretty lookin servers. but better training more instead putting extra make up or tiny shorts.. we like to enjoy their food. but long waiting time, wrong order, and bad customer service makes us to think twice before going there now. very sad.
1	Overrated. I took my girlfriend here and now she is in the toilet puking... ok not really but this place sucks. bad everything.. wasted $65. :(
4	Just found the best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas. Great vibe. And the sushi is better than good.
5	I can't do the "all you can eat" sushi here because I don't eat that much, but I've chosen my favorite sushi rolls and they're always good. The spicy tuna is REALLY spicy so be careful. Other than that, it's a super cute little place.
5	They are really busy at saturday morning, lucky we are there early, really good food, and really good service, the lady there she is very kind, I forgot to ask her name, my favorite for today's visit is yellowtail, so fresh, and the sea urchin so fresh, it's my husband's favorite , thank you so much for the great food and service, excellent experience .
4	Definitely my favorite AYCE sushi joint on this side of town. Dinner prices are reasonable. You can order pretty much everything off of the menu, including appetizers and other non-sushi related foods. The sushi quality isn't the best I've ever had, but it is overall pretty good (especially for an all you can eat place). Not a whole lot of seating available, so unless you feel like waiting try going at off hours.
5	I think I have found my new favorite sushi place! I came here last night and was thoroughly pleased. The place is teeny-tiny but oh so cute decoration wise. I had a little bit of a wait with my appetizer and rolls coming out but it was understandable as it was, after all, 6pm on a Friday night and they were veryyyy busy and there was a rather large party there as well. But when my food finally came out, it was totally worth the wait. The Brie and grape quesadilla was so yummy and the Kimmi and Alex rolls were freaking delicious. My only regret is that I didn't have more room to try more rolls. :(
2	I came here with my boyfriend, wanting to try something new. The service was fine, and the sushi was alright, but my boyfriend and I both felt sick after eating there. I honestly felt that $60 was wasted. My boyfriend and I both agreed we will not return.
4	Sushi is delicious here. Staff is very friendly. I would have given them the 5 stars, but the only reason why I didn't is due to their place being too small and cramped otherwise I really recommend this place.
1	I LOVE THEIR FOOD. don't get me wrong. but WHY i gave only one star.because of ONE WAITRESS. One girl who serve there. She treats customer unprofessionally RUDE. she has half of her face hidden with her bang. (only one side. thought that weird too. remind me of japanese cartoon). her hair kinda gross too as a waitress but well.. " I Love sushi koma"  All my friends loves to go there too. we know a boss too. he is really really kind!! i think their sushi is one of best in las vegas.BUT that little girl. Her attitude to customer made me don't want to go there ANYMORE.  that bad.  I thought it was only me. BUT my friends said to me same thing. but different situation but they need to get rid of that waitress. i would like to share what happen but i don't want to spread personal business of mine. but seriously this is 1st time i write a review for restaurant in my life. sushi koma. i really want to go there but i don't wan a see her attitude.I may slap her when i see her bad attitude again.
5	This is that review where you run out of stars to give because it's mind blowing and words/stars can't emphasize enough how BOMB this is!! Beginning with the fact that for under $30 you can eat all your want (appetizers, rolls, salads, soups & desserts). Lunch or Dinner. Yes-you heard right! Everything you can fit in that belly of yours! Second- they do half rolls! Before you get too crazy ordering a ton load of rolls and run out of room to try almost all, take note that you can order a half roll of all your favorites. !!!WINNING!Third-everything is amazing! My two faves would have to be the Volcano and Tiger roll. Holy Bejesus! Shrimp Tempura and Cucumber Salad is off the chain!!! Conclusion: it's bomb.com! Best in town, hands down.
4	To be blunt: as far as my knowledge of sushi goes, I know about as much as Jon Snow. I have had it on several occasions but can never remember what I ordered or differentiate between items. Lucky for me, Chad 'The Sushi Guru' S. accompanied me on my first visit to Sushi Koma.SK is nestled in a shopping plaza right next to Cafe Darak and some hookah joint. After entering we were immediately greeted by several of the sushi chefs and waitresses. It was this very moment when I realized how small the restaurant was. We took two seats at the sushi bar and had our drink order taken and brought to us promptly along with a side of wasabi and ginger.Chad recommended we both go for the All You Can Eat special and that's just what we did. It was hard to keep track of all the different things he was ordering, so I gave the menu a quick glance over and went for some items that had ingredients I could recognize such as beef, teriyaki, or spicy tuna.All in all, together we ordered the Tuna Tostada appetizer, spicy tuna sushi, teriyaki beef roll, 3-10 Roll, D-A Roll, sashimi roll, dynamite appetizer, the deep fried oyster, and green tea mochi. There may have been one or two other items I neglected to note that Chad ordered, but you'll have to excuse my memory as it was foggied by the sushi koma I experienced after dinner.The highlights for me were the D-A Roll and the 3-10 roll. I've learned that any kind of baked sushi topped with yum yum or eel sauce is right up my alley. I was also pleased to note that they do not skimp on the proteins in terms of the content of each piece of sushi. I have been to places where the sushi mostly just consists of rice and a little smidgen of crab, shrimp, or what have you.For $26 Sushi Koma is as good a place as any to gloriously stuff your face with premium sushi.
5	Love, love, love this place.  The food is amazing, the price is great.  It's small but, we have always managed to get a table.  If you love sushi, this is the place to go!
5	Loved everything we ordered. The nigiri was delicious, salmon is not usually my favorite, but it was today. Nice piece of fish and only a little rice. Will definitely be back!  Sushi Koma is a clever name, I definitely had one after my lunch.
5	I always have such a pleasant time at Sushi Koma. The fish always tastes fresh and good. I just wish I could get more than one order of the sashimi roll because that's my favorite! The servers are also really friendly and nice here. I don't know her name but one of the servers here always says hi to my boyfriend and I whenever she sees us. We don't come often since we are from out of state but she still recognizes us! She's good. :-)I will continue coming here every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Food quality, price ($26 all you can eat) and service was really good. Portion size is really small or should I say bite size. But trust me don't let the size fool you. That just means you can eat a lot more and try pretty much everything. Staff was friendly and attentive. Would definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Love this place! It has become our number 1 sushi restaurants! Great selection of fine quality fish and great service. Tuna carpaccio is the bomb!!!!
4	Thank you Sushi Koma for putting me in food coma after my dinner.AYCE fans come around - the deal at this joint is ~ $22/lunch and $26/dinner.  The seating here is very limited and the seating area is on the small side. I could literally reach over and pick up the food on my neighbor's plates IF I WANTED TO (just to give an idea on how small we're talking here).Anyways.. They have a pretty good selection on their sushi. I'm pretty simple when it comes to sushi. I don't go for sashimi or nigri. I wish they gave more edamame in one serving. If you're a fan of baked/deep fried rolls PLEASE TRY THEIR VOLCANO ROLL. I liked their Pania Roll as well, but too much cream cheese for my liking =( My ONLY downfall is that their servers kept getting multiple orders missed up. They delivered our edamame to the table next to us along with our volcano roll. I just wished this place was bigger - that would make all the difference. All in all, I'll be back whenever I get an AYCE sushi craving.
3	Quality of the sushi and food is good.  Didn't care much for the rice - it was a little hard.  The server was nice, but the place got really busy, and I felt like we waited around an awful lot.  Then later on the place smelled like something was burning. Not sure if I'd come back again for lunch, because if you have plans after - you won't make your schedule. Maybe ok for dinner?
5	Sushi Koma is a terrible place, and you should never go there...because then it might get even busier and harder for ME to get a table.Because this place is tiny and wonderful. I am white, and midwestern, and pretty broke, so I realize Sushi Koma is probably not "world class sushi" but it's probably the best a plebe like me will ever be able to enjoy and afford. So Five Stars.SK has supplanted Goyemon as our favorite Go-To Friday Night Sushi joint, for a variety of reasons. The AYCE Koma is a great deal; $25 for dinner, and the beer is cold and comes in a frosted glass. The sushi itself is always amazing, and comes quickly enough you don't start to lament your hunger, but slowly enough you know it's actually being made with time and care. The staff are always friendly, have good recommendations, and actually remember your whole order...even when it's completely ridiculous. (We go with a big group, and have the first half of our order down pretty pat; "6 salmon, 8 spicy tuna, 8 cajun albacore, 6 tuna, 8 yellowtail, 6 mackerel, 6 red snapper, 2 tiger rolls, 1 big b roll,  4 sweet shrimp (with heads), 2 tuna roe, 2 unagi, 2 brie and grape quesadillas, 4 orders of the tuna Carpaccio....we'll decide on a few more rolls after that...")We're all nigiri people, and generally only get a few rolls, and the nigiri here is just...over the top. So wonderful. (If you're still reading this, ask for Sam's Special midway through your dinner. Yay.) It's a great, casual sushi place. Its a neighborhood place, and now I really want sushi. Pros;- Great food, great prices, great people, great atmosphere.- Accidental Omakase possible if you sit at the bar, late at night, and are friendly with the staff. - Open late for that midnight sushi crave!Cons;- This place is SMALL, and it's wonderful, so it gets crowded fast. Be prepared to wait. Have some conversation, hang out at Cafe Darak next door. - This place is SMALL, so in order to not have every conversation overheard by everyone else, they end up playing music pretty loud. When it's at the busiest it gets shouty in there.
5	Some of the freshest sushi I've had in Vegas!!! Open till 3am and the staff is great! Plus there's a hookah lounge next door! Bonus! You can get hand roll versions of most rolls! Also, they will make rolls with whatever you want inside! Best all you can eat spot! However, beware...the best things come in small packages! This place is tiny, so don't be upset if you have to wait for a seat during busy times! Just be patient and know its worth the wait!
4	I love how I can order half rolls off of the all-you-can-eat sushi menu. All the staff members there are super friendly. :)
1	The rolls and nigiri are pitifully small, much like the dining space. Even the table we were seated at was tiny, only two feet wide, barely large enough to house our drinks and a single plate each.The tuna carpaccio was almost fully cooked and covered with burnt garlic. The amount of tuna served was smaller than my pinky finger, though it's supposed to be a $10 dish. I'm not the biggest eater yet I ate easily over $100 worth of sushi (got the AYCE) and still walked hungry. That's how embarrassingly small the serving sizes are.
3	Food is good but the service is so slow! We had to wait 20-30 minutes just for each roll up come out.
5	Great food and great service. The sushi chefs are some of the best in town. They are the only place that we are aware of that carries Homare Strawberry Nigori Sake, its the best! Open till 2am. The sushi is great quality and very consistent..
3	This place is cool casual place, but that's all it is... Casual and average. Average service with average food and average plating. Only downside is they charge more then average. $7 for a kappa-maki is a little bit over exaggerating where nicer places like Sushi Mon or Nina's Cafe charge you $4. Bottom line is that it is a decent place to go to for a decent meal but don't walk in with high expectations.
5	My husband and I visit LV every 1-2 years and always have at least one meal with sushi. Growing up and having lived in Hawaii for most of our lives, we know what good sushi is and are often disappointed...but not this time!We were in LV the first week of July and my husband searched for sushi restaurants on Yelp. This restaurant is nowhere near the strip, but it isn't a very long drive, either. We got there at about 10:00 PM after we went to a show. It's located in a small shopping center with a large parking lot. Although the space is small, it is just right. We were warmly greeted and seated as soon as we walked in. The seating is very close, but somehow it all works. For those who prefer, there is seating at the sushi bar. They have a large and varied menu, and we went for the all you can eat. We didn't eat as much as we normally do since it was a little late, but what we had was excellent! Very fresh fish and the proportion of fish to rice is perfect. No skimpy pieces of fish here. Something that weighs heavily on our decision to return to a restaurant is the service and Sushi Koma has top notch service. The wait staff continuously checked on us, cleared dishes and asked if we'd like to order more. We didn't even know who our "waitress" was because they all worked as a team and waited on all the tables. I give kudos to the staff and management for this. And they were all relatively "younger" and extremely pleasant and friendly. They seemed to genuinely enjoy being there. Needless to say, we will be eating here on our subsequent visits to LV and will recommend it to others. I highly recommend Sushi Koma!
4	Love this place!! tuna carpaccio is oh so delicious. Fish is fresh. I'll be back to explore the menu even more.I wouldn't have found this place if it wasn't for yelp. Its in a small shopping center and seating is very limited. It's a must try though!
3	We had a group of 8 people and were seated about 20 mins later on a Friday night And it was our first time. The food was pretty good but the rice to fish portion has a little too much rice. My reason for giving this place 3 stars is because I had a lot of issues with the timing of the food coming out. On multiple occasions they forgot we ordered things and times we had to remind them 3 times until it came out. It seemed our orders always came really late or they forget, or take the wrong orders. I did notice the table next to us also had a big group but had really fast service so perhaps it was just our table. I did not realize that it's 1 dessert per person so my table ordered the max and I didn't get any and the waitress was nice enough to just give one to me. Overall nice waitresses food was good, perhaps more waitresses.
3	Tried one of their different sushi and the food here is much better but the waitress staff need to be much more organized and efficient! And what kind of professional establishment doesn't have bottled water?Or any Cannes drinks besides cheap alcohol?
5	Husband and I ate at Sushi Koma twice, and both times the experience was very pleasant. It is a great small sushi restaurant for AYCE.
4	This is my go-to sushi place. Since they are open late I try to go during a later hour when it won't be too busy. It is a small place so it could quickly go on a wait. I always do the AYCE (all you can eat) and it is always worth it. This place has one of the best appetizers selections for an AYCE place. I am very picky about my seaweed salad, but it is always delicious. The baked green mussels aren't my favorite since I prefer a little more dressing on it but they are still delicious. I was hesitant to try the seafood tostada but I am so glad I did. It is definitely one of my favorite appetizers here along with the tuna carpaccio. The nigiri selection is always good, sometimes better. White tuna and scallops are my favorite. I don't tend to do a lot of sushi rolls but the tiger roll and the ninja roll are the ones I usually get and both are great. I am really picky about customer service and tend to criticize other servers unfairly. There have been several times where I have to get the attention of a server because part of my order is forgotten. They are usually good with refills. They usually take an unusually long time dropping the check and processing the payment. There is always room for improvement but I obviously like this place enough to give it four stars and attend it frequently.
2	My mom and I first discovered Sushi Koma in October 2013 on our trip to Vegas and we couldn't stop talking about how great it was. Since that visit, we couldn't stop talking it up to anyone who would listen. So, when we decided to do a summer trip to Vegas, the first thing we both thought was that we had to go back to Sushi Koma. Well...you know how you wake up in the middle of an amazing dream and you try to go back to sleep to continue the dream, but you never quite get the same experience? That's how this trip to Sushi Koma was. In fact, we kept trying different things in the hope that something, anything, would remind us of what we first experienced. There was one positive in a string of negatives- the tuna carpaccio- delicious! However, the other dishes were lacking. My mom wondered about the freshness of the fish, but to me it seemed the quality was poor. Also, there was a 5-10 minute time period where we seemed invisible to the 5 staff people working the small restaurant (with only us and one other party present). In fact, one waitress sat down at the sushi bar with her back to us- was she on break?! Needless to say, we won't be back, which is so disappointing since we thought we found a great, off the strip, place to eat.
3	It was a small little sushi place. It had really good service. The sushi was quite average. The people were really friendly though. I enjoyed the SSS roll and the salmon nigiri the most. The all-you-can-eat price was fair; $21-26 per person. It was overall a good experience.
4	This is my first time here(also my 1st review), and I can definitely say I'll be coming back. I was a little wary of trying a new place without personal recommendations but I'm glad I gave it a shot. This is a tight little spot with small tables and loud lively music, just my type. And they're open til 3am, can you say midnight munchies!! The servers here have a lot more personality than some other sushi joints. My favorite rolls were the Double D and New York rolls. We also had the Big B, Volcano (excellent scallops), Teriyaki Beef roll, Teriyaki Beef appetizer(because the server couldn't hear I wanted the roll over the music but it's AYCE, no harm no foul), and Edamame. We did get to the bottom of our drinks before they were refilled but I can let that slide. All in all, SushiKoma was not a bad find!
5	Wow this place really amazed me. By far one of the best ayce sushi in town. Friendly staff, awesome service, and amazing food. They have something going here. I love every roll I got. Tiger roll was my personal favorite. Their version of tuna poki is abosolutely delicious! Everything here was full of flavor. Definitely becoming a usual here.
5	Sincerely the best sushi I've had in Vegas. If you do all you can eat lunch at $21. They give you the option to do half rolls so that you don't get too full. I had the sashimi roll which was probably my favorite, the ponzio and the red worm roll came pretty close. They have a great selection of seafood and their service is hospitable and friendly. Can't wait to go back.
5	So fresh and so good. The sashimi roll, tostada app, and white tuna nigiri are my faves. This is my post Red Rock hike meal.
3	Sushi was really good. The yellowtail nigiri was phenomenal. If I go back I will make a meal just out of that alone. Only real issue I had with this place is that they automatically add a 19% gratuity to your bill and our service was bad. Dishes were forgotten and wrong items brought to our table. At the end of the evening they even made mistakes charging the credit card. Maybe they just caught me on a bad night but it was very frustrating.
5	Teeny tiny little place. I suggest calling ahead to make sure you can get a table. I truly enjoyed the sushi here. In fact, I enjoyed it so much I can add it to my favorites! The Elephant roll is a MUST get! The service was great. One of the girls, (asian/blondish hair) was incredibly sweet! She was so welcoming and so thankful for having us. I will be back again for sure.
4	It's a tiny place that plays eclectic music & it's always busy. I've been here many times & it's my go to place for all you can eat sushi. The staff is friendly and I enjoy the overall vibe. There are a few things on the menu that I always order like the tuna carpaccio that is a must & they have an interesting Brie & grape quesadilla that is hard to stay away from. They also allow you to order half rolls so you can try more things which I love!
1	I've eaten a several All You Can Eat sushi places. This one is at the bottom of the list. The sushi was on the low end quality side. The cooked items weren't anything to rave about either. The brie and grape quesadilla was strange to see on the menu. I tried it and it was LAME. PROS: Cool inside interior            Super cool employeesCONS: Quality
4	I was a little intoxicated when I went there because I asked for a corona (clearly not an Japanese beer) and then asked again forgetting I had asked the first time, I asked if they have any beer similar- the waiter said yes and I was iffy, but it tasted almost spot on! Good work, 5 points to you sir. There was a roll covered in sauce and was a bit fried that was delicious! Ugh angry I forgot the name. Other rolls I tried was okay, the reason I loved this place is cause our server was the shit, so were the guys behind the sushi bar, a fun experience. And that sushi roll was sooo good. I wouldn't of acted so publicly intoxicated if it wasn't for the fact we were the only people there at the time because it was three in the afternoon. Winning.
3	Food is pretty good for the three times I've been there. The rolls towards the end started to have more and more rice. However, most importantly, the fish has always been very fresh! The only thing that disturbs me is the customer service. The hostesses were SO confused about seating three groups in a somewhat crowded restaurant. The size of the restaurant/capacity has not changed for what reason do you act like you've never done a day of this job before, it was just too awkward. Then the girl that took our order (which it also took forever to get her attention) did not take down our order right or forgot, three different orders of ours. It just takes too long to get someone's attention which is ridiculous. It's sad because I recommended this place to someone and now they will probably relay this experience. Too bad.
5	This is my go-to sushi spot....It's directly across the street from my house and it's open HELLA late! If your looking for the freshest fish, great service, awesome music and a nice atmosphere....COME HERE!! The tuna carpaccio is worth the trip...
1	We eat sushi at least once a week.  This week we decided to deviate from our usual sushi spots to try this place.  The reviews were fairly good and a couple of friends recommended this place.  We were seated fairly quickly and being very, very familiar with AYCE sushi joints, we ordered our first round of sushi with our drink order.  The drinks were served really quickly.  Because the tables are so close together (like about a couple of feet) you can't help to see and hear what your neighbors are ordering.  While waiting for our first sushi order our neighbors order another round of sushi (mostly nigiri), which they got in about 5 minutes.  We continued to wait for our first order.  Our other neighbors order a round of specialty rolls, which they got in about 5 minutes.  We continued to wait for our first order.  After about 15 minutes from time we placed our order the server did come out and apologize, saying the the sushi chefs were backed up.  Hard to believe when others are ordering and receiving their orders  right next to us.  We waited exactly 13 more minutes after the apology and decided to leave ( I know it was 13 minutes because I started the stop watch app on my phone).  Never tasted one bite of sushi.  We payed for our drinks, which they made sure to charge us and check the table to see if any food was actually delivered.Guess the one star is for the great taste of our drinks (a coke and a Kirin Light)
4	yum ! AYCE sushi in vegas ! Important things:- prices: dinner AYCE: $24.99 lunch AYCE: $21.99- super small restaurant so if you have a big party be sure to call ahead 20-30 mins ahead of time to see if they can accommodate you- about 15-20 mins away from the strip- lots of parking, big lot in frontCame to try this place out when visiting Vegas after a friend recommended it and it was so worth it!! The ambiance is really cute with japanese decorations. There is a sushi bar and the service is great! Another great thing is that they're open late, they close at around 3am everyday. We came with a party of 7 which was great because we could all try almost all the rolls, we just ate one of each. We seriously tried almost 20 different rolls and they were all really good! The sashimi is all fresh and they don't pack on the rice like some places do to fill you up. My personal favorite was the tuna carpaccio, you're only allowed to order one per person but it was SOO yummy! The rolls are pretty pricy if you are not eating AYCE so if you are eating AYCE then it is definitely worth it! Some of our favorite rolls:- volcano roll- tuna carpaccio- B-roll - fried oysters Overall, super yummy! Definitely will be back if we are in vegas. Great place to go late at night and AYCE is definitely worth it! When in vegas, definitely check it out!
5	AYCE sushi (or if you realllllly want, they have prices for you). $21.95 for lunch (minus the sweet shrimp and uni) and $25.95 for dinner. Koma opens at 1130am and runs all the way to 300am nightly. What a great place. Thanks to David T. and Smitcha B. for this find. Yes, Sushi Koma is a few miles north of the strip, but it's worth the trip up for AYCE sushi. Go for AYCE nigiri sushi (tuna/halibut/red snapper/yellowtail/salmon are my favs), specialty rolls and appetizers. Koma serves up fresh fish, yummy rolls, and has good service to boot. My only concern would be Koma's small establishment...I'm sure they have a long wait if you walk in during the busy hours. They don't have many seats and the tables may be a bit crammed for your liking. YOU MUST TRY THE: BIG B Roll (tempura/crab roll wrapped with rare steak). The steak melts in your mouth.A must stop for my Vegas trips!
4	I was in Vegas for Labor Day weekend... Came to this place because a friend recommend it. It's an all you can eat sushi spot. Rolls my friend and I tried: fish paradise roll, tempura roll, variety of nigiri rolls, spicy tuna roll. PLEASE NOTE: Spicy tuna roll is actually really spicy here. It's my fave but if I come here again I definitely will pass on it. Pros: Overall it was great and delicious experience. $22 for all you can eat lunch buffet (soft drinks not included). Waitress was fast and attentive. Sushi was fresh. Plenty of parking. Cons: it's a small business with limited seating, I can see at peak hours they must have long waiting times. Also, it's located way off the strip.
5	Top notch AYCE sushi place. It is smaller than some places, but sushi chefs from this joint could roll out some sushi super fast!!! Really good sauces and all your sushi have a personal touch. Thin sliced on your salmon sushi and tiny sliced pepper on your yellow tail is nice touch. A little wait during dinner hours, but your will be in and out in no time when you sit down. Super fresh fish and fast service with a smile will describe this place!!
4	I came here for a second time because my first time here was amazing. The sushi never seems to disappoint me here and it makes me happy that this place serves dishes on their All You Can Eat menu that other sushi restaurants do not. Their fish is fresh and their food is all high quality. They are super quick to make orders. Ross was our waiter and he was amazing! He was the only one working at the time and he was very quick to take our orders, serve us, and take our plates as we eat and he did an exceptional job serving us with no mistakes:) I live far from this place, but I was definitely come back one day!
5	Definitely the best AYCE sushi place I've ever been to and one of the best sushi places I've been to overall. Great value for the quality you get. Only $21.95 per person for AYCE lunch or $25.95 for dinner (which includes uni and sweet shrimp for the extra few $$).Must try:Spicy tuna hand roll - The spicy tuna here is better than Nobu in New York. Yes, I said it: better than Nobu, which was my go to sushi spot in New York. Also, they don't skimp on the spicy tuna, you get a hearty portion Seafood tostada - really unique for a sushi spot. Kind of like a ceviche. Really light and refreshing to cleanse your palette a bit after all the soy sauce. Fish paradise roll - love the garlic ponzu sauce...so good I ordered another. We also got the salmon roe, octopus, and salmon nigri. All super fresh and they had just the right amount of rice. They definitely don't overdo it on the rice with either the rolls or the nigri here which was a welcome surprise.To top it off, dessert is included (one per person) and they have mochi ice cream! Yes there was a bit of a wait between dishes but I actually liked that since it gave us time to pace ourselves. Also, I love that they were up front about the kitchen being a bit backed up once we sat down and suggested we put in a few orders first while we peruse the menu. Great service and great food. So good I'm writing this review while we're waiting for dessert!
5	I love this place. Its probably the best sushi in town. My absolute favorite thing on the menu is the albacore. Good old fashioned albacore. it just melts in your mouth and the sauce is simple but just as delicious. I've tried a couple of different sushi places looking for the same delicious quality fish but I just cant seem to find one. AYCE is $25.95 for dinner and $21.95 for lunch.
5	Having sushi koma is juicy!!Wow!! Can't believe how good this place is. I'm very surprised that I am actually addicted to this place after having ate it the first time today. I'm definitely coming back and recommending it to everyone who visits Vegas. I've been to a few difference AYCE sushi joints in la and Vegas and there hasn't been a place that I really loved except for this one.My favorites are the tuna carpaccio and the sushi taco thing called seafood tostada are super juicy and the best on the menu. The Nigiris are all very fresh and juicy. The beef sushi called Big b sushi was pretty good and their miso soup was very tasty. The sashimi sushi was very good but it's very small and it's just one per person order. The servers are very attentive and very quick. As busy as they are they still have a smile and get your orders as quick as they can. The price is very reasonable for lunch and dinner less than $26. But they do charge 19% for parties of 6+.
5	I FINALLY convinced my co-workers to try a new sushi place and got them all to come here! We came last minute in a group of 6 and were seated almost immediately. The staff there was amazing and super friendly. Food was just amazing as before and  very accommodating for the picky grump we brought with us! GO GO GO!!!
1	I had a terrible experience there. Me and my wife went there just to eat a regular plate of sushi but the price was about the same as a all you can eat at that restaurant. Nothing taste that special there from any other sushi buffet places even though the menu looks large. We don't plan to go back again.
1	I came her last Saturday due to a friend's recommendation. When I came there it was busy and crowded but they had a table for us under 5 mins. Long story short, it took and hour for our food to come out. That's absolutely crazy ! I understood that it was busy but how can you let a customer sit there for an hour for a few pieces of sushi. Our server seemed as if she doesn't know what she's doing. She messed up our order many times. Food is average, nothing special. Never again.
4	Great quality of fish! All you can eat with small amounts of rice and lots of fish! Really nice place and open till 3am! Creative menu!Definitely worth a try!
1	I'm afraid it's all gone downhill. When the wait staff tells you it was slow lunch and the reason why the rice is hard is because they are being resourceful....not good. Service is sucking balls. My kid is waiting  forever for a couple of pieces of tempera.  What the hell has happened?!
1	good quality food, and we have a good time. but when we want to to go something for my family, there is no box for us to to go the food, i don't know why, also the guy told us, this time i won't charge you for the waste.food, but next time we will. what the hell is that? i already pay for it, your mind is working okay today? I not we could not.waste food, so we want.to take.it home. if you have that police you should let.the customer know before we order.the food. This is my first time, it will be.my last time for me and my friend. this is not.the best sushi in twon. Hate.that place and the guy.
5	Ate here a few nights ago and all I can say is: Michele is the best server ever! She was extremely friendly, thoroughly explained the menu, and answered all of our questions to the fullest extent (it was our first time visiting). She checked on us frequently to see if she could make our experience there any better, which I really liked! The food was fantastic, the drinks were cold, and the service we received from Michele was beyond our expectations. We will definitely be back to our new favorite sushi restaurant!
4	Unfortunately we haven't been able to get back recently but we have gone a few times since my original review. I've been meaning to update but keep forgetting. ....so here we go.....Sushi Koma is still our go to place. Every time we visit we walk out happy and our tummies are even happier!   The staff is just as friendly as can be. The food has never been a disappointment. We have recommended Sushi Koma to lots of people and always get good feed back. Keep doing what you're doing!  We look forward to our next visit.
5	I've been going here for about what, 1 1/2 years now.  Finally decided to do a review.  In my opinion, it's one of the best AYCE Sushi in Las Vegas!  The fish is definitely on the fresher side.  As a person who tends to order a lot of nigiri vs rolls, the quality of the cuts of fish has consistently stayed at a high quality.Favorite NigiriTunaWhite TunaRed SnapperMackerelFavorite RollsBig B rollDA RollPania RollSpider RollSSS RollFavorite AppsShrimp TempuraTeriyaki BeefSeared Tuna CarpaccioSeafood TostadaService is top notch from both the Servers and the Sushi Chefs.  They are attentive and always check on you.  If I had to nit pick on anything, the fried calamari isn't season, so you would definitely have to dip it in the sauce provided with it, or with some soy sauce.  Occasionally, there would be either a mix up of orders, or they forgot something.  It doesn't bother me.   All you have to do is tell them, and they will get you what you want right away.  The restaurant is small, but the ambiance is great.  Just gotta be aware if you are bringing a bigger group.  Also advise that you order the bake rolls at the beginning since they take time.Overall I highly recommend Sushi Koma!!!
4	Generally in the San Francisco Bay Area all you can eat sushi is just a disaster...I personally can not find any good places.....That is why I am blown away by Sushi Koma ( of course it is in Las Vegas) and its all you can eat sushi lunch for 22 bucks. Yes the service sucks and is slow but the place was busy and you gotta cut them some slack. Fish is good not great but what you get is pretty awesome.I liked their eel, most of the nigiri although the tuna wasnt the greatest (the white tuna was really good though), red snapper was pretty tasty too.I am a big fan of the rolls ( I know it aint really sushi but....) I really liked the rainbow roll which had crab, avocado and I think mackerel,  Ika Tobiko Maki which was Squid & tobiko ( squid was soft and fluffy not rubbery)  and the  Spicy Hotate & Avocado Roll  which was a nice combo of  scallop & avocado ( it had a kick to it and the scallop was very delicate in texture).I would stay away from the fillers of gyozo etc and that stuff is not worth filling up on.I will definitely come back!
4	I think this is by far one of the best ayce sushi spots in town. Like seriously, the size of the nigiri and rolls were perfect-no awkward mouth stuffing and everything tastes amazingly good! I feel like the fish is very fresh because when I eat salmon or yellowtail at other places I sometimes get this icky after taste but nope, not at Koma. I usually don't order rolls when I do ayce, but this place really has some awesome rolls, like the fish paradise. The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars is because they don't have oysters or a huge selection of appetizers/desserts, but that's okay bc I'll still be back when I was some bomb sushi. Also this is a pretty small place so be wary of wait times.
5	Wanted to try a new AYCE restaurant, and saw this place had good reviews so the boyfriend and I gave it a try. We are so glad that we did! The staff is so friendly, and offered up great recommendations when we were indecisive. The menu has an abundance of choices, and we enjoyed all of rolls we ordered...and we ordered a lot haha The restaurant is small and cozy, which is honestly what we prefer because it's easier for the service staff to be attentive. The tuna carpaccio is a must try, and we will definitely be returning here!
4	I came here with a pretty large party (9 people). This place is REALLY small and I wouldn't recommend large parties coming here, but we came here relatively late, so they were able to manage a table for us in a reasonable amount of time. They were very accommodating, and their service was great throughout our dinner, and so for that I gave major props.They have a pretty wide selection for the AYCE, which I think came out to about ~$26 a person. We got mostly nigiri, and got almost one of everything. What I especially liked is that their proportions of rice to fish. There's much more fish and very little rice, BUT we started noticing that as we ordered more, they start packing on the rice a little more. Not horribly more, but it was significant enough for us to know that they wanted to fill us up haha. But even then, the quality of the fish was pretty good, especially for AYCE. Everything looked and tasted fresh. Even the Uni, which I'm usually a little iffy trying at an AYCE place, because typically AYCE sushi joints have old or not good quality Uni, but the uni here was pretty good. Not the best at it, but good enough to get that buttery taste that you crave from a GOOD piece of uni. The rolls are good also, but they're just like any other rolls.They have a couple signature dishes. One of them was this watermelon roll, which is a small plate of little sushi rolls, but instead of having the rice and seaweed look, it was wrapped in thin slices of cucumbers with an assortment of some fish inside. It gave it a really crisp and light texture, which was very refreshing. I'd definitely recommend that. They have a couple other signature dishes (I can't remember what they were). I do remember that they were pretty good, but didn't stand out as much as this watermelon roll.I'd come back, preferably with a smaller group so that I don't have to wait as long, or come late cause they're open until 3AM! And they have some good happy hour deals with some good hot sake!
5	First time in tonight and definitely not the last!!! Amazing sushi, chiefs and price!
5	Great staff, great food, awesome ambiance. Best for 2-4 people who just wanna chill with some beer and AYCE sushi. Love the art pieces around the place, too.
4	This place is great for AYCE sushi. The pros are fast, friendly service, delicious fresh fish and a variety of options. The cons would be how small this place is and the air conditioning is a little bit over powering. Overall a great place and one of my top choices for sushi in Las Vegas.
1	If you want ayce sushi that takes 30mins for each order to come out then you are on the right place, and it wasnt even busy but the thing that kept bothering me more was how the sushi chef kept giving us attitude, which i believe was the owner. "why offer ayce if you are gonna complain on people ordering food?!"We cancelled all our order and left and when we were on the parking lot the sushi chef came out right away to smoke his cigarette, who knows if he even washed his hands while making sushi since he could careless about his customers, just a thought!
4	My new favorite AYCE sushi place!!!! When I first moved to Vegas few years ago, Oyshi was the place to go when I was in the mood for AYCE sushi. However, Oyshi's food quality and service really went downhill, so I needed to find a new place. After trying a few places with unhappy results (mostly due to bad service and low quality food), I finally found the place Sushi Koma.First, let talk about food. Their food seems to be pretty fresh and doesn't have that old fishy smell resulted from using low quality fish. Not only that, their food is pretty darn delicious.As for their service, I am quite impressed of how attentive they are. On my visit, (almost) all the waiters/waitresses taking turn checking up on my group to see how we're doing and were more than happy to take more food order. Sushi came out pretty fast and I'm very impressed that they didn't load up with a ton of rice. I I was pretty impressed with the waiter named RON, who did a really great job making sure the guests are happy and taken care of. There IS one exception. Later in the evening, another girl (with a bunch of tattoos on her back) started her shift and she is the main reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5. When she brought food to my table, she basically threw the plates down on the table and just walked away. She did this twice so you can't say that she didn't do that on purpose. She never cracked a smile, never picked up empty plates, and just basically being a prick. I don't know if she's the owner or related to the owner, but she definitely needs an attitude adjustment and learn how to treat customer better . She should learn from Ron.Overall, I like this place and will come back. I just hope I don't have to deal with this "unpleasant" waitress that almost ruined my dinner and fondness of this sushi place.
5	One of the best AYCE Japanese in town.  Yes, please bookmark it immediately! Hubby and I went on a weekday late afternoon, glad we went on non peak hours because the restaurant itself is quite small, approximately 25 seatings.  Lunch is $22 dinnier is 27, however if you want sweet shrimps & uni (one order pp) then u gonna pay dinner price, same rule with almost every AYCE Jap in Vegas.Service was awesome, our waiter took good care of us. We ordered quite a few appetizers from the kitchen; he told us the sashimi salad wasnt on AYCE menu, that's fine with us, but couple minutes later, the chef himself brought us the sashimi salad comp from the house! AWESOME!Seared tuna carpaccio was good, i like the touch of the deep fried shallots laid on top of the seared tuna, the crunch...hmm... yum... wish the portion was bigger! haha! Sashimi roll looked so pretty, immediately took many pics & instagram it.. lol... the fish was ok, very fresh, but the dressing/ sauce was overpowering the sashimi itself.Seafood tostada is a layer of sashimi mixed with ponzu sauce, laid on top of a deep fried dumpling sheet/taco... a unique app from sushi Koma! Seaweed salad was ok, very ordinary, nothing specialShrimp tempura & calamari were really good! The batter was thin, fluffy and light weight! Served hot! Dipped into the tempera sauce, the juice, the crunch, the shrimp itself was fresh and perfectly cooked, so many good flavors in one bite!We had soft shell crab handroll because soft shell crab must order as a roll, cant be ordered by itself.  But i will say the combination of little rice & seaweed, the soft shell crab actually tasted so much better!! We finally moved to the entree section, haha, in general, all the nigiri were great, nothing to complain, fish was very fresh! And the presentation was very appealing as well! Each AYCE in town has their specialties, Sushi Koma, i will definitely come back for your nigiri, capaccio, tostada,  and your mochi ice cream! Unfortunately for grilled salmon kama and raw oysters, we have to go somewhere else, they aint on the menu.
5	Hands down the best ayce in Vegas! In saying that, I am saying it in regards to food and service. There are two other ayce places that are good (umiya and goyemon). However, the reason that koma outshines the both of them is because of quality and service. NIGIRI- if you like good quality fish with light rice, koma is the spot. My favorites vary from mackeral, salmon, tuna, and scallops... the usual norm.. but thanks to koma I am now a huge fan of surf clam as well. I've tried it before.. but octopus, squid, and surf clam have always been on my non preferred list.. but surf clam is a must try! I love love love it, esp because all of the fish have nice cuts with very light rice. (Super hard to find in ayce sushi places)The fried oysters are nice and plump, shrimp heads are cleaned right and they discard the shell portion that a lot of places forget...so it's nice and crunchy without scratching the roof of your mouth. Salmon skin handrolls are awesome, nice, crunchy and petite so that you can taste the essentials without overfilling yourself with rice. Rolls- I am not huge on rolls period, especially at ayce.. but the big b roll and ponzio roll are great. Great flavors, and not too over sauced. The greatest aspect of this restaurant is that they accommodate you. If you're like me and would like a salmon skin handroll add unagi..or a shrimp tempura roll with just tuna on top (these items are not on menu), they usually accomodate. Service is always fantastic and so is the owner Chris. He Always checks to make sure that everything is great and that his patrons are happy. I love koma! :)
2	I read lots of great reviews for this place. I'm sad to say I was not impressed. Kobi Sushi over on West Flamingo is much better. We won't be back. We didn't receive all the rolls we ordered and the ones we had were very fishy tasting.
3	The seared tuna carpaccio, ninja roll and elephant roll were pretty delicious.  The vibe is trendy, however a tad bit cramped.  Not a fan of the low rise sushi bar counter, but that's just my preference.  Not a bad price for AYCE dinner.  There's plenty of parking.  The music is nice and I like how ventilated the establishment is.  The food was good enough and overall the experience was positive.
5	Best place to eat sushi, its kinda small place tho and crowded but the food are awesome, fresh.. love the place.
3	I guess I didn't get the memo, but once I realized Sushi Koma was a play on Sushi "Coma", I was completely enamored at the genius of the name. Sometimes when I eat here, I still can't believe how dumb I was not to realize it. In any case, Sushi Koma is a solid AYCE sushi option on the Westside. Parking is plentiful, but seating is not. You are a bit cramped and close to other tables. We had a table for 8 here and had to maneuver a lot to get in and out of our seats, so for larger parties I'd recommend Oyshi instead. One thing I do appreciate about Sushi Koma over other AYCE places is they have yet to mess up my order and food does come out fairly quickly. I'm never worried if they forgot to put an order in. I just tried their hand rolls for the first time last week, and I'm definitely a fan. Their sushi I would say is a bit lesser in quality and freshness than Sushi House Goyemon, but still solid. I think they inflate the prices for non-AYCE so it's always better to just go ahead and get AYCE. I wish they had a few more interesting dessert options than ice cream and mochi, but at the end, I'm always too stuffed to eat a big dessert anyway. My husband is a fan of the Big B roll - baked sushi roll topped with beef, while my favorite baked roll is the Volcano roll.
2	Im disappointed. Umiya is way better.  Not going back to this place again. I feel like I've wasted my money.
1	Disgusting.. sushi rice has no rice vinegar.. sushi is mainly about the rice, so if the rice is no good, then it wont matter if the fish is good. Better find another sushi place. If you're looking for late night sushi, you're better off going to jjanga or sushi kama.
4	This place would have gotten 5 stars but the service isnt the best. My boyfriend and I have been here almost 20 times in the last few years. The quality of the fish is great and the owner is such a nice guy. When hes there the sushi is amazing. The only problem is that the space is small and the staff really is just running around the whole time. Its hard to get drinks or appetizers. This is an all you can eat place which is great and totally worth it. They have a seafood tostada which is a bunch of fish and tomatoes, onion, and jalapeno on a crispy tortilla thing. Its great. Its busy on weekends and the wait can be long but they really do have great sushi.
4	This was my first time having sushi in Las Vegas and Sushi Koma was a recommendation from a co-worker.  I'm originally from Portland, Oregon, foodie capital of the northwest! I'm use to sushi on a conveyor belt and ordering right from the chef and when I sat down, so, I thought the service was going to be faster. Little did I know that you have to order all of your dishes (or at least some of them) at once. I would eat one order and then sit for a long time with no food as they were making everything fresh. DUH! I learned because once I received my order it was EXCELLENT sushi. My initial order was the sushi lasagne (i am not sure if that is the name, again, co worker recommended) I thought I died and had gone to sushi heaven. Kicked myself for not ordering two! I ended my "all you can eat" meal with the Stephanie Roll. It was so refreshingly fresh that I was satisfied for the rest of the night. I can't wait to go back and will be a regular. When my brother comes from LA, he is in for a sushi treat! Highly recommend this place.
5	mmmmmmmmmm........As the title states:  I left in a Sushi "Koma".  Stuffed and satisfied!The assortment, quality of ingredients, service, and price are all at the top of my list for AYCE Sushi in Las Vegas.  Sushi Koma offers a pleasantly small seating space; however, what they lack in size, they largely make up with their services and offerings.      Overall,         I'm definately a big fan and plan to come back regularly.
1	The worst service ever!!!!!How do I give this negative stars. Let me start with two of us went to lunch and there was about 12 people in the whole place. Ordered a beer that was warm. I asked for ice that took 5 minutes to get for my warm beer. Ordered edamame and nigiri for appetizers.....30 minutes later edamame arrives....30 minutes after that sushi arrives. The table next to us was there 2&1/2 hours and never got there whole order before they left. We were so disgusted with the service got up and asked the server to charge us for the stuff we ate. And yes he did charge us. I work in the service industry and that 2 items we ordered would've been comped. We left and went to rainbow sushi. Got stuffed in less than an hour. I wanted to try something different today but ended up with the worst service ever. I just read the reviews before I started writing this and someone had the same experience about waiting every 30 minutes for each dish.
4	My new favorite sushi place! Cozy atmosphere, and yummy rolls!It was a little busy when we got there which may explain the not so great customer service (Had to ask several times for water refills, and to order more sushi). Just a suggestion, maybe hire a few more servers! Place is still awesome will most definitely come back!
2	I'm not really sure what the hype about this place is. My friend and I randomly decided to come here and eat one day because she told me her friends all thought this place was great. We ordered almost everything on the menu as part of the all you can eat lunch special because we love sushi - but we were quickly and most definitely let down. The service was fantastic but the quality of food...kind of sucked. The fish didn't taste as fresh as it should taste, the specialty rolls tasted kind of off, and nothing was really special about the place. I prefer Yama and Sakana hands down.
5	Best AYCE in Spring Valley/Summerlin. Love the hours and atmosphere plus service and nigiri are top notch. Dinner is $26 and includes an order of uni nigiri. Last time I went on a Saturday they gave out big hunks of toro sashimi as the house special for everyone dining with the AYCE option. Inventive appetizers like tuna carpaccio with garlic chips, mini sashimi roll with no rice and tons of fresh fish, plus perfect gyoza and green mussels.
4	Sushi here tastes very fresh. Service was great. Ross, our server, was on top of everything and extremely friendly. I will definitely come back.
5	Mmmmm i sure did go into a koma after eating here. We got all you can eat.. (Cheapest we've seen so far) maybe 20.95? Small place not much seating and not many seats at the sushi bar up front. The chef kept making us "stuff that wasn't on the menu" which was AMAZING but he would not tell us what we were eating! It was delicious tho.  The tuna capa something was handed to us as well. Quite garlicky and delicious.. Altho  i wanted to save room for thing WE wanted to order they kept making us "special dishes" no complaints. I just wish i knew what it was so we could order it again! Well worth the money   Id say we had AT LEAST  6 rolls plus plum ice cream plus mochi ! Will def return it was delicious an the staff was real helpful with our choices of dishes!
5	A dimly lit sushi joint for the late nights with your friends that like to stuff their faces with oddly named rolls. Let me make it clear right now that, 98% of the time, I will never suggest going out to eat for sushi, but this was a special occasion and my friends chose to have AYCE sushi here on a Friday night.The Arrival: The wait wasn't too long at all for my party of eight. Yes, eight! I'm guessing we got very lucky! "Sweet!" I thought. "Seated so soon? Love this place already." NOTE: I would also like to note that it says they take reservations here on Yelp, but I don't think they do.The Folks Running This Place: Everyone was very friendly, but not all of them were knowledgeable of what the menu items were. Some looks were exchanged on the names of certain orders, but that was solved almost immediately. I wouldn't remember all of them either, if I worked there. This would be a good place to add that their menu selection is extensive! So many weird names to remember! I also asked one of the servers for a recommendation, my table loved it and we ended up ordering another.The Overall Atmosphere: It'll seem crowded because of the size of the room. People are talking, music is playing, orders are flying out consistently, and the whole place is alive. It's all good.The Grub: I'm not a sushi lover, but I enjoyed several of the options here, and am the kind of person who is always willing to try everything. My sushi-loving friends enjoyed their food wholeheartedly ordering one after another. Our empty plates would pile high at the end of the table.***Here are some menu items we would recommend: seafood tostada, lemon eight roll, ninja roll, mussels, Vegas roll, salmon nigiri and the tuna carpaccio you've probably read about on here about a hundred times is definitely worth a try.Anyway, they've got my stars. Nothing went wrong, we were treated well, and nearly everything I tried was delicious. And yes, I left full and "koma"tose!
5	I went here for the first time last night and I am hooked!!! I've been to many sushi places..SUSHI KOMA has the most freshest tasting seafood!!! IF you LOVE UNI???!!!! Omg it's like BUTTER...so fresh!!! Most that i've tasted is TOO rich but it was just right!!!!! Dinner AYCE was $24.95. The service was AWESOME!!!!!! The waitresses were so kind and within 5 minutes we'd get our roll! Although it's tiny space, i love it. It's very intimate...and it didn't hurt that I had a handsome date! ;)
1	Do not order the Kids meal.  It consists of 2 very tiny plate of, in our case, 2x skinny shrimp tempura, 3 Cut in Half pieces, pieces! Not 3 Pieces of sushi, 3 pieces of cut up egg and 1 scoop of ice cream, and was charged $10. Horrible! They also informed us of various fish they were out of AFTER we had started ordering.  WE would not have stayed if we were given this info as we were seated. Been to this place once a year ago and we think the place has go down a lot in quality and service, but considering its AYCE then i guess they are just AYCE quality
2	Too bad!  I used to love this place. But since the last time, the quality changed completely. We had variety of nigiri sushi and a couple of rolls. The rice was all wrong. It was cold like it's been refrigerated. The fish wasn't fresh at all. Some of them I had to spit it out. The only reason I gave it two stars is for the friendly service.
3	Service:As always, I got the AYCE. The service really deteriorated these past few months. It might be due to the servers working today. I usually come for dinner and the girls that work are awesome. Today, the servers are 2 guys. They're friendly and polite but forgetful. There was only 1 server for the beginning too so service was particularly slow. For some reason, they've been out of desserts for a few days now. They didn't have the green tea cheesecake nor most of the mochi ice cream flavors. :-/ Food:Sushi was okay today. It wasn't as amazing as the past but still one of the best AYCE places I've been to. Another yelper said the quality has went down and I agree. It was definitely better a few months ago. I'd come back again next time I'm in Vegas just to see if today was just an off day but it's not as strong of a want as before. :-(
2	Sushi koma used to be my favorite place for sushi. The last three times I've been service was terrible. We waited an hour before having the first roll. The waitress apologized as they only had two cooks. I understand things happen but waiting an hour for service is ridiculous. When asking about the wait the response was, "you're order is there, it'll just take awhile." It's disappointing that the food is great & multiple service experience have been awful.
5	Amazing food, great service, great value. All you can eat sushi is $21 before 3pm and $25 after that. The appetizers are delicious and several of them have toasted garlic chips that make them incredible. The service and vibe is perfect. It's in a strip mall that looks like it won't be good from the parking lot, but opens into a modern decor that feels fresh and welcoming. The waiters are very cool and give great service with a smile. I eat a lot of sushi and Sushi Koma definitely stands our as one of the best.
5	Love this place. Good quality sushi (with the perfect amount of rice), nice atmosphere & the service is outstanding. Hannah & Michele, you girls are GREAT! Sorry I didn't get the young gentleman's name, but you did great too!  - Dinner on 01/05/15
5	Probably the friendliest staff I have ever seen! Great variety with the AYCE sushi menu. As an avid AYCE sushi fan, this is probably the best place I have visited in the United States. It was also opened on Christmas Day which we were so grateful for because the lines for buffets close to the strip was horrendous.
4	Checked this spot out today to take myself on a date. The location is in a strip mall and the outside is quite quaint. But once you walk in it's well decorated and really brings a bit of Asian feel to the place. Looks nice from the inside! All the employees were nice, I went when they were slow, so everyone was very attentive. The nigiri was really good, very fresh and that's what consisted of most of my meal.Overall I had a great sushi dinner, but the outstanding feature of the meal was the SABA (mackerel nigiri) it was so good. It was the best Saba I've ever had, soft, lightly seasoned with fresh garlic and chives. I ended up ordering 'another order of Saba' 3 times. I'll probably come back just for the Saba. Get it!It got 4 stars and not 5 because of some very minor service mishaps. I wish I could give a 4.5/5. Also take note! Lunch price AYCE ends at 3 now, not 4. :) Great little gem in Vegas!
5	Awsome. Perfect service. Great chefs. Vibe is just excellent. It's located in a smaller strip mall and fairly inconspicuous.  The staff here is what makes this place. The decor is easy on the eyes. Ok so for the food and $#s. . I did the all you can eat. $26.00. A couple of dollars higher than other places but we'll worth the investment.. Venice hand Rollins a must have the sea urchin under the recomendation of the waitress was really good. The fried oysters and baked muscles .mmmmm yess. Sashimi . Everything was perfect except the red snapper which was good but not as good as. However I still keep the 5 stars.  I ate a lot more all of which was excellent. However I stopped due to guilt. .:)
2	Soon as you walk in the place smells, bathrooms smell. Food is nothing special not worth going to loaded with soy and Blane tasting. Good service, nice staff and decent looking place
5	For an AYCE place, the sushi is pretty good.  Very fresh.  They don't give you a ton of rice to fill you up like most AYCE places.  Will definitely go back.
