4	In a city filled with knock-off fine dining, this isn't bad but I'm guessing itsnothing like the LA institution of international fame... since, it was alright. I wasn't blown away, which i was fully expecting to happen. However, since I've never been to the LA one I'm willing to be disapointed for now with an option to pleasantly surprised later.
5	We came here on New Year's Eve without reservations... We immediately got a table... In fact, we got the best table in the whole restaurant! (luck) It was in the corner, somewhat elevated... It was great, we got to see everyone. We even got to sit by two drunk celebrities. (the creepy pale guy who didn't talk in the new Charlie's Angels)There was a special menu this evening, since it was new year's... and it was absolutely amazing! The Carmelized Filet Mignon was absolutely stunning. Sweet, tender and oh so satisfying. the chicken and the seafood that my company got was also good... the dessert... AHHH!!!It was the best meal of the whole trip. Seriosuly. Bravo Wolfgang Puck whoever you are.
3	This spago is sub par as far as Spago's go. We've been about 5 times, each time hoping that last time was just an off day for them. Wolfgang needs to work on this location. The Spago at the Four Seasons Maui is my favorite restaurant ever so don't judge them by this location.
2	I went to this restaurant for the first time in mid November, 2006 with friends.  I think my expectations for the restaurant were too high because, the food was pricey but not worth the money. But on a good note, the service was attentive. If your looking for a place to be seen, its perfect. If your looking for excellent food for an affordable price, look elsewhere.
3	Whenever we're in Vegas we always end up having lunch at Spago.  Its just a really good restaurant.   I'm sure dinner is fantastic as well.  Its moderately priced and has a great selection of menu items.  The best part is the location...its perfect for people watching!  The only downer is the slow arse service, but the place is huge and always packed so it's to be expected.
3	Food: Wasn't too bad.  Had the black truffle salmon; but, I could hardly taste the truffle.  Deserts and a salads were good.Atmosphere: Loud and bleak.Hostess: Had to wait 10 min with an opentable.com vip resey.Server: Worst part of the night.  They serve my Dad's wine there (and I don't mean his favorite...I mean HIS) and the server could have cared less that my Dad was the vinter.  I'm sure it isn't something that he runs into daily.
5	My husband and I ate here the evening of our wedding.  It was the perfect choice.  The food was delicious, the ambiance romantic.  Our three servers were attentive.  The menu  has changed and does not offer what we had that evening, so I can't wait to go back and try something new!  Kudos Wolfgang!
3	Ok this review is for the DINING ROOM.. not the bistro.Went here for dinner; it was crowded, but we had a reservation.. phew. Selection was not bad, but I didn't know what to choose. I ended up with the grilled salmon. I was really scared that it would end up really disgustingly gross like the salmon I had at Vert (in Hollywood.. also a Wolfgang Puck place), but I was quite surprised. It was similar to the salmon I had at the Venetian, but this one was grilled a little longer. Not perfect, but went great with my wine (a chardonnay). The crab cake appetizer was good too, and according to others in my party, the paella got a little salty in the end. The choices of bread given before your meal were quite tasty, foccaccia, some flat bread thing, walnut bread, and a raisin type bread. I really liked the flat bread thing; it had some nice zing to its taste.As for the atmosphere, it was definitely loud (we were a party of 7, and near us were parties of 10 and 5), the decor was a little too contemporary/modern for my taste. Fair amount of younger people, probably eating before heading to Pure.Our server was not bad, a little difficult to find when we were actually ready to order. They gave us two glasses of sprite when we ordered one, but luckily they didn't charge for that. We really had minimal interaction with our waiter, but at least he was nice when he came by (that's what waiters are supposed to be anyway right).Overall.. not too bad.. but now that I think about it, kind of overrated. 3 1/2 stars in my book.
4	Great lunch in the cafe section! During my last day in Vegas I opted to dine at Spago. I've heard such great things and was eager to see what all the talk was about. The bread basket alone was delicious along with the butter that tasted like no other butter! No joke. I ordered the pasta with braised beef bolognaise, ricotta cheese, and parsley. My friends ordered the pancetta wrapped meatloaf with mashed potatoes, grilled onions,  and the Shrimp in white wine sauce placed on toast.    What a great lunch place. I'm sure their dinner if just as good. However, I find it to be more of a casual dinning spot since it's located in Caesar's Forums. Would return and also recommend the best Wolfgang Puck has to offer.
4	I'd never been to a Wolfgang Puck restaurant before, so I was excited to try out Spago at Caesar's Palace on my recent trip to Vegas. Luckily I was there with family so I didn't have to pay.  :P  We had a reservation for ten people, including a two-year old and a seven-month old. Spago isn't exactly where you'd plan to take kids, but we didn't have a babysitter, so they had to come with us. We ate in the dining room, not the cafe, and the space was large and loud so the kids' noise didn't disrupt other diners. It was so loud, though, that us adults couldn't really talk to each other. We were seated at a large round table that forced us to yell at each other over all the noise. I was excited to see a Vegetarian Tasting platter on the menu, which I ordered. It came with four small dishes - all very pretty - and I was 75% happy with my meal. There was one dish, some sort of couscous, that tasted exactly like salt and nothing else. I was surprised and a little disappointed that a nice place like this would release such a tasteless dish from the kitchen, but  the rest of the dishes were awesome so they made up for it. The others were an eggplant timbale, portobello carpaccio, and artichoke canneloni. One note - though it's not the most kid-friendly place, they did do a good job with the toddler in our party. He ordered a pizza, and they brought out a cheese pizza in the shape of Mickey Mouse! Very cute.The service was great - very attentive wait staff and we had our water glasses refilled whenever necessary, without having to ask. My dad had told the server when we arrived that we needed to be out of there by 8pm (giving us two hours), because some of our party needed to head to the airport. The server did a great job of moving things along. I definitely recommend Spago, but I'd say it's better for smaller groups because of the noise level. Also, I liked that it's a nice restaurant but you don't feel like you have to get totally dolled up in your finest Vegas outfit - some people wore jeans. Not a snooty place at all.
4	I had a good meal here. The sausage and fennel pizza had very little red sauce but was very very tasty. The chopped salad was delish and it made me feel good about ordering it. The calamari app though was not what I had expected. I like tentacles and the calamari looked more like mozzarella sticks.
4	We started out with a flank steak quesadilla which was great.  I decided upon the Organic Chicken Breast with Mushrooms, Carrots, Potato Gratan, and Rosemary Jus as my entree and it did not disappoint.  However, my wife wasn't all that thrilled with the Pancetta Wrapped Meatloaf with Mashed Potatoes, Mushroom Gravy, and Onion Rings.  It had a strange consistency and was very fatty.Dessert was the best.  My wife had an espresso cake soaked in liquor which she loved, and I had fresh peaches with panna cotta which was delicious as well.
5	Pricey, yes, but then again nothing this good should go for cheap.  Had the honor of meeting Chef Klein, he is not a "Chef", he is an artist.  This is by far the best dining experience of my life.  Went with the six course chef recommendation and thought I had gone to nirvana.  All six courses were unreal.  The Kobe beef melted in your mouth, the halibut which is normally a dreadfully boring fish came to life, and the pasta was nearly flawless.  You must go, it is not past its prime nor has it forgotten its roots.  You will not  be disappointed.
4	When I was introduced to fine dining establishments when I was a kid, Wolfgang Puck's name was the one I kept hearing all the time.  The famous Spago's restaurant was always talked about and seemed to be the rage amongst all the experts.  Well after all the times I've been to Vegas, i think it's about time I tried it.  It didn't disappoint either.The Vegas restaurant has two sides to it, the dining section and the cafe.  Cafe side as you can imagine is of lesser fare and more wallet friendly.  However the dining section is where the true meals are at.The Mozzarella appetizer was perfect to whet our appetites even more for the main courses.  It was seasoned perfectly with fresh tomatoes and wasn't too heavy on the oil, vinegar, or the basil.  Plus the presentation was good as well.The main courses were equally as good.  The grilled ahi was seasoned with the right amount of sesame, and the outer edge was seared just right to give it a hearty meaty texture.  The freshness of the raw part was really enhanced because of this.  The lamb chop I had was cooked to a perfect medium rare and had a wonderful marble glaze on it that didn't require me to have any mint jelly with it.  The gaminess and wild flavor of the lamb wasn't over powering as well and fused with the glaze and seasonings to give a burst of flavor with every bite.We were quite please with our experience here as the service was very attentive and pleasant.  Reservation are recommended for the dining room section, although you might get lucky and get someones canceled table if you do a drop in.
3	For a Wolfgang Puck establishment, the service was slow, inattentive, and generally unacceptable. However, also in Puck-style, the bread was awesome, the food was great, and the atmosphere was quite alright.We had two pizzas, the Italian sausage w/fennel and the BBQ Chicken Sausage, and they both were great. Still, not much else going on here. The Spago in Palo Alto was was on par with this one (although it's now closed).For a more complete Puck experience, I really suggest Postrio in the Venetian.
4	Yummy yummy.  This place is inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace so it's kinda gaudy outside.  BUT, the food is pretty good and it's very decently priced if you sit on the outside cafe patio.  The menu is different FYI.  I had the chopped veggie salad and my boyfriend had the bbq chicken sausage pizza which were both excellent.  I definitely recommend.
3	2 1/2 stars - mediocreThe food was just so-so (and that was on a bone-dry empty stomach), and the service was par. I bit into a piece of pit in the olive bread, and they opened about 10 minutes late for lunch. I just expected a lot more from a Spago.
5	After dragging around my VERY hungover boyfriend for the better part of the day I needed some nourishment. The Mesa grill had just finished serving lunch, boo.   Spago was a very welcome detour. We were seated next to some fellow San Franciscans IE my gays! They defiantly got us started on the right foot. I had an amazing glass of white from Austria I think. Yummy and buttery. I started with the butter lettuce salad with heirloom tomatoes. So delicious!  I then had the shrimp PO boy. Perfectly fried shrimp and home made tartar sauce. I LOVED it. The man had a margarita pizza. He said it was good even though he could only get down one slice. The service was EXCELLENT. He was very attentive and really knew both the wine and the menu very well. A really pleasant surprise.
5	the most amazing meal was had here at spago's at the caesar's forum shoppes. i took my mom to vegas with me just last weekend. it was her 1st time in vegas in 41 years. can you believe that?? that's nuts. anyways, i took her to dinner here. it was amazing. (me, my mom and my aunt)dinner consisted of the followingappetizers:- butternut squash soup w/ bread stuffed w/ goat cheese- heirloom tomato salad- multi-colored beet salad entrees:- oven roasted free-range organic chicken- pallella- vegetarian tasters setdessert:- petite samplerdrinks:- lemon drop- apple martini** sooooo PERFECT **dinner was amazing. not only was the food perfect but the service was damn great. my drinks were perfect, not too hard and not too fruity. they were a lil icy even. i haven't had drinks so good in a long time. somehow, i met the head chef @ spago. we chatted for a minute and surprisingly, my table received complimentary desserts and soups. it was so amazing. we got a carrot & ginger soup that was amazing. not only was it buttery and rich but it had this great POW of ginger at the end. it was so amazing!! my mother loved her meal. it didn't look like much of a meal to me but she said it was amazing. you have to see the pix to appreciate the time and skill that it took to put hers together. although i'd stepped into spago after a huge party and a large number of other small groups, i asked the host how long it might be for a table for a small party of 3. immediately, FOR ME, he said, "ANYTHING FOR YOU BEAUTIFUL" and a new table was made available for us. it was great. we received star treatment. i loved it. look at the pix. they say it all for me =)
2	Eh. No.$40 for my risotto entree??? You HAVE to be kidding me.  It was mediocre, and slightly undercooked. Their braised beef short ribs are much better and more worth it.  The star is for that, and the service.Service was very friendly, and they keep the bread coming. But that was not worth it.  The atmosphere was nice, too. But again, not worth it.  Maybe try it for lunch because I hear the prices are more reasonable and the food is pretty much the same.
3	Very expensive place..some dishes didn't seem worth the price, and others seemed acceptable. The service was good, as they kept giving us more bread and refilling our water. Because the menu was so expensive, my table only ordered an entree, and our waiter kept on asking us if we wanted drinks, appetizers, desserts, etc. Got kinda obvious and annoying.The braised beef short rib was delicious, and well worth the price. The paella wasn't extraordinary, and the ahi tuna was good, but also not worth the money. oh, they didn't have foie gras...Spago doesn't serve it anymore like many other restaurants - just an FYI.
3	My husband and I stopped here and ate at the Spago cafe.  The restaurant has a more formal setting and menu if you choose to sit in the backroom, but we preferred sitting on the "patio" - basically the side facing the shopping area.  It was so nice.  Prices were decent and the warm bread basket you get is fantastic.  They serve it with a delicious tomato tapenade.  I ordered the handmade spaghetti but I wasn't very impressed.  My husband got a pizza which was good.  We both ordered salads too, and they were great.  For dessert, take the 20 min. wait for the chocolate souffle dessert, it's totally worth it!!  I would definitely come back here, the atmosphere is really nice and service is EXCELLENT!!
3	I ate at the indoor patio dining which is more casual I guess thats the cafe part and inside is more formal dining.  The service was good and the waiter was very attentive to our needs. I started with the calamari which was just average in taste but above average in price. The entrees were alright and they were reasonably priced but the taste wasn't there. Didn't get any dessert because nothing seemed to catch my eye. I did like people watching on the patio it is quite interesting. I'd say overall the place is just ok but expect to spend because what else can you expect from a place owned by a well known chef?
4	Spago is a delightful respite for when you're doing some shopping at the forums, especially when you're not paying. The ambiance is modern and warm, but not necessarily romantic (it's a good spot to go with a best friend/shopping partner/sibling/gay boyf). Dinner was vaguely memorable (halibut and scallops). The service is friendly and impeccable. Not only was our waiter super nice and attentive to my sister and I, he brought out a beautiful complementary chocolate mouse at the end of our dinner with something along the lines of "living it up in Vegas" written in chocolate ganoush on the plate. Hahaha, ok, I don't remember exactly what it said -- we had mimosas with dinner, but it was a very sweet gesture.
5	The reason to go to Spago now is to taste Chef Eric Klein's take on Wolfgang's dishes.  He's young, completely friendly -- and, did I say, HOT!   Ok -- the food is delicious, too -- and the staff is well trained and accommodating.  Personally, when I'm feeling indulgent -- I love his tasting menu.  It's always different and no matter what sort of high maintenance guest I may have with me, he's always able to accommodate their "issues"...  I'd rather come here than anyplace else in town.   This is THE place to impress the boss, the client, the spouse or SO, the in-laws, the best friend in town on an expense account... Oh, and it's so easy to get in and out of -- valet park downstairs -- escalator up -- avoid all the Forum Shop drama!   Heaven...Update:  Tasting menu last night 4/18/08Amuse:   seared tuna tarte flambee with wasabi laced fromage blanc for the table --- yowza.1st:  1/ spring pea soup  2/ spicy tuna in a sesame-miso taco tuile (i could eat these til I died)  3/  tempura soft shell crab 4/ klein's signature pear salad with burrata, prosciutto  -- truly remarkable -- paired with an Alsatian pinot blanc -- 2004 -- serious age - gorgeous color -- Wes, the somm is brilliant...2nd:  4 cheese agnolotti with fwild mushrooms, asparagus, celery paired with an incredible chardonnay from edna valley that blew me away -- 3rd:  potato crusted loup de mer with "spaghettI" vegetables - 4th:  a duck / beef duo --  his brilliant duck  - pan seared breast over vichy carrot puree, the tiniest baby turnips, wild spring onions, peas and morels and first of the season huckleberries -- the beef -- classic Spago cote de boeuf... pure and simple.  Wes picked a phenom barbaresco  -- every drop was heaven.Dessert:  finally -- not too much -- it's strawberry season, so there's nothing better than Spago's kaiserschmarren...cooked up family style to share -- neighboring tables -- despite their engagement rings -- stopped and stared...then mignardise that were so delicate, so perfect, they melted in your mouth.my out of town guests were in heaven...  I'm just in awe of the chef -- Was that Mary J Blige in the dining room last night?
3	Dear God - I finally found a Wolfgang Puck restaurant I don't hate!I had some type of lamb panini that was excellent, but not so much that I bothered to remember what it was called. I mean, whatever - I came to Las Vegas to drink and take pictures of myself to whore on to Facebook. Eating is secondary. (I kid, I kid!)The clams were fantastic, and it's something that my friends and I still talk about to this day.In truth, Spago deserves 4 stars, but our waiter drove me NUTS! He lingered at our table to flirt with one of my friends for what seemed like 15 minutes (and this guy must be sick, because my friend looks like she's 12!). I desperately wanted him to leave so I could devour my sandwich in the most unladylike manner. Dear Mr. Waiter, what is WRONG with you? We don't want to meet up with you and your break dancing friends at some locals pub off the strip. Who comes to Vegas and does as locals do? Come on!
3	We came here on the night before clubbing at Tao I believe so we didn't really want a heavy dinner. We had been walking through the Forum Shops for most of the afternoon and by the time we got to the end, we were somewhat hungry and I think it was either here or Trevi. We chose this place I guess because at least we knew of Wolfgang Puck's other restaurant in LA. The restaurant is kind of divided into two dining areas, with the patio serving cafe style food and with the main dining room serving more fine dining cuisine. Both areas are nice, but I think I prefer the cafe because it's kind of like sitting outdoors because of the changing sky colors outside. Upstairs they have huge plasma televisions and more dining space that goes unused. The coolest thing was that in the men's bathroom they have these padded urinals with splash guard. If you're a guy, you know that sometimes when you pee, you get splash (come on, we've all had that happen because of the damn porcelain). Well this anti-splash guard absorbs all the droplets of urine, and I've never seen that before so that was cool (see how fancy Spago can be?) Anyway, their bread is pretty good. They have three different kinds: this Parmesan bread, olive bread and this flat cracker bread. It comes with cream goat cheese spread (but the goat cheese isn't very strong at all so it was quite good). We started off with an appetizer of Skirt Steak Quesadilla with Sour Cream, Guacamole, and Pico de Gallo. The waitress said we would never taste anything like this in a quesadilla and she was right. It was probably the best quesadilla I've ever had because the skirt steak was just like eating buttery steak. But after that, everything else was just average. I had a chicken sandwich on walnut bread and also tried some of the duck from the dinner menu and some type of pasta. Anyway, everything tasted overpriced. But at least the food sat well for clubbing!
5	It is kinda hard for me to find a restaurant that makes their pasta from scratch.  But here at Spago, they do just that.  There's this pasta dish (I forgot what it's called) with clam and a bed of spinach with a butter lemon sauce that I had to have whenever I visit Las Vegas.  I also like the steamed mussels with chorizo sausage that they have.
3	The pizzas are good, not great. The atmosphere is overly pretentious, the prices are a tad high, even for Vegas. I think this place is convenient for a lunch while shopping at Caesars, but I'd hvae to recommend you walk another few hundred feet to Mesa Grill instead. It is far superior and the price range is similar.
5	Star 1:  Easy reservationsStar 2:  Good cocktailsStar 3:  Great serviceStar 4:  Nice location / atmosphere / decorStar 5:  Amazing food.By far the best steak I've ever eaten (and that's coming from someone born and raised in the Lone Star State!)The price wasn't too bad for being a nice restaurant in Vegas.  Between two of us (and I got the filet mignon) it was about $150 including a couple drinks and tip.
3	Food: GoodAtmosphere: AwesomeService: Not so goodPrice: OverpricedI love this location, very happening, very hip, very cool. For a Puck restaurant I expected a little more. Breads and the cream cheese thing were a nice touch. Pizzas were OK, I've had better for less.Service was slow and forced!That being said, I'd go back again for the atmosphere!
5	Hit spago for a late lunch w/ gf ( post knock-out from poker tournament at caesar's )nice selection of bread - i decided i could have one bite -went with a cherry nut bread - add the goat cheese spread - heavenly - STOP !  only one bite !we shared a BLT salad and calamari app - both very good ( i had to scrape some of the coating on the calamari - still doin' the low carb thing ! )gf had entree - linguini pasta with shrimp, mussels - she loved the sauce - i loved the shrimp.  I went with meatloaf - subbed asparagus for the taters - hit the spot - i forgot to ask for some blue cheese on top - that would've put it over the top - I'm sure !we were offered a free dessert ( the server told me it was a locals special - but, i did kiss up to the executive chef a little - maybe that helped ! )  but damn it - had to decline - instead they covered the cost of our post-meal coffee.total cost - $74 - it was worth it !!nice to sit in the patio area for some people watching.service - top notch !
5	OMIGOD.. Did I die and go to heaven?This place sure feels like it. From the minute we walked in to the dessert that we shared, we were treated with the utmost courtesy.Food? OH YES. The food was amazing, I couldn't stop saying MMMMMMM... I ordered this- HAND CUT FETTUCCINI PASTA Wild Field Mushrooms, English Peas, Arugula, Glazed Shallots and Parmesan-Reggiano. And let me tell you, since I am a pasta whore. This was the best freakin pasta I have ever tasted!! Tender, tasty, delicately balanced. And oh so pretty. *see pix*BF ordered this- GARGANELLI BOLOGNAISE Braised Beef, Roasted Double Blanched Garlic, Plum Tomatoes, Ricotta Cheese and Italian Parsley. It was good too! Very earthy flavors and good for the meat lovers. We each had a glass of Riesling, which came with a cute lil carafe.. OMG.. so good. And a good buzz too. Sweet, but not overpowering. Very good complement to my fettucine.For dessert, we shared the chocolate souffle. This was good, but the sauce needed to be more warm. It was a bit too thick and hard to pour. *see pix*We sat outside in the cafe area and had a good view of all the people walking by in the forum shops. I love this place! Love love love. Highly recommended!! Now, if I can only find the recipe for that fettucine...
4	I've been here a few times and Spago never lets me down.  I came here for lunch with my girlfriends.  I had the mixed greens salad and their mushroom pizza.  The mushroom pizza is amazing.  I had to fight myself not to inhale the entire dish.  This is definitely a good size for lunch, actually if anything it is too big.  Wolfgang always does me right...........
3	I heard so much about the Meatloaf before I went here earlier this year. The restaurant is very nice and the service was good but the Meatloaf did not live up to the hype. It was very fatty and stringy, our table was not a fan.Other then that everything was fine and they have a small courtyard type area where you can sit and watch the people go by in the Forum Shops.
3	Nice lunch here at the bar.  Shared the pizza margarita and salad with a friend, and the bartender hooked us up with excellent drinks.  Turned me on to Cavalli vodka too, which was excellent.Would definitely come back.
5	Really really really Good Experience here. My boyfriend made a reservation about a week early for our anniversary. He casually noted that it was our anniversary on the reservation not thinking anything of it. We were promptly seated. Our server.. Ok.. Let me try to think of his name: James, Justin... Something with a J. Was Amazing. He was so kind, polite, helpful and charming. My boyfriend started off with the lobster salad and I had the crab cakes. For my main course, I had the breaded lamb shanks and the boyfriend had the miso.. halibut? (Some type of fish). He ate every bite of his dish but mine was a little bit over powering on taste YET I did enjoy it. For dessert we ordered the creme brulee which had a surprise note written in chocolate saying "Happy Anniversary" across the plate paired with a candle and sugar art. The dinner overall was VERY enjoyable. The service was outstanding and the food was very well done. I enjoyed every aspect of the dinner from the constant refilling of water (we downed A LOT of alcohol earlier that day.. dehydrated? yes..) to the little things like them remembering that it was our anniversary and actually acting upon it. Very nice.. ..except for the drunk guy in the silver metallic shirt at the table below ours dancing.. haha but I can't blame Spago.. or can I?
5	Going to keep this short and sweet!Took my gf here for our 1 year anniversary dinner.  Was seated promptly, our server was great, he made sure everything was okay. Got the lobster salad, clean and crisp. My miso glazed halibut was SO good, fish was tender, there was this rice square thing I cant quite understand but with the fish it made the texture of everything go really well. When our creme brule dessert came out it said happy anniversary on it with a sparkler in it. I had made reservations on through the website and left a little note saying that it was going to be our anniversary, and it was great that the staff actually took the time to make us feel very welcomed. I enjoyed my experience here with my girlfriend. Thanks Spago staff.
5	Came here for lunch with my boyfriend. We split the mushroom pizza (YUMMY!) and classic chopped salad. Both were delicious. My BF isn't even a salad person but he loved it. The cocktails were excellent also. I have recommended this place to friends and haven't heard any complaints yet.
4	Somehow, they managed to seat a group of 11 people in 5 minutes here on a Friday night. Yes, I'm as surprised as you are. Atmosphere - Spago is deceptive. On the outside it looks very cafe-ish but once you enter it is sophisticated and trendy and overall has a feel which is elegant enough for an important date while being relaxed and hip enough for a group of friends having dinner. Service - The service was good but not great. On our initial drink order the waiter skipped a few of the people who weren't paying attention to him. Now, I understand it isn't polite to miss the waiter when he comes around but it wouldn't have ruined his life to tap the guys on the shoulder or just say "excuse me". This way we could have all had our drinks at the same time. Food - The appetizers were excellent. The sashimi combo was very good and everyone who had the crabcakes liked them. I ordered the Tuna for dinner and it was a little small (maybe a 5 ounce portion) but the flavor was incredible and all of the vegetables and oils complimented the tuna perfectly. Overall I would recommend Spago to anyone. There are better places in Vegas but you can also do MUCH worse. If you find yourself in the forum shops and you're hungry, pop in and try something. You won't be disappointing.
5	Had dinner with the ball & chain before going to see Celine Dion (over 1 year ago). We still talk about that meal to this day . We had the filet mignon  (it's my favorite), accompanied by an amazing wine from Oregon (name escapes me). Followed by some chocolaty, scrumptious dessert (that we worked off later). The chef came out to greet the guest and chatted with us for a while. That never happens. No celebrity sitings which is fine with me. It's a classy place. No need for young,  crotch flashing, drunken losers anyway. Our waiter was the coolest. I just loved it.
5	This really was a treat that I didn't see coming. We were trying to go to Mesa Grill, but it was pucking facked. So you can tell, I was feeling something big and beefy which probably colored my menu selections a bit. Enough about me, more about Spago. Note they have 2 different menus depending on where you sit (cafe and dining room). We sat in the dining room. Group of 3 of us arrived at about 7:30 on a Thursday, no wait at all (kind of atypical in Vegas!). We sat down, were served super promptly, and got  an amuse bouche of potato leek soup brought out right away. Awesome. They have a couple gin oddities on their bar, so I got a gin martini. Almost lost some points since the waiter asked if I wanted a lime in it (that would be a gimlet, not a martini). But whatevs. The martini was done very well...it had a remarkable floral scent to it quite a treat...try the cape rock organic gin. It was also $14, but that seems more the norm than the exception in Vegas.  I had the most elegantly presented heirloom tomato soup in the entire world.  The waiter brought a covered bowl to my table, lifted the top off, and there was a beautiful dense red soup with a pine branch drawn into the top of the soup using a olive oil/basil sauce. Stunning. And the soup was great too...the crouton served with it matched perfectly. Very very well done here.Since I was in a meaty/grilly mood (expecting to head to a Flay joint), I got the kobe flat iron steak. It was also exceptional. The steak was perfectly well done, nice and chewy (its a flatiron people, it should be chewy), but not tough at all. It was served with some broccolini which fit this dish perfectly. I'm only sorry I was too full for dessert.  They brought out an assortment of bread in a basket before the appetizers, and I was having a tough time choosing between them since they all sounded great. After I made a tough choice for the bread I had selected, the waiter asked if I wanted something else. It was perfect - I was able to sample all of the breads that sounded great to me. He also came back 2-3 times during the meal to see if we wanted any more. Also, our water glasses never got below 1/3 full. Its weird, I've always wondered why the mid-high end restuarants typically don't have this kind of service, when you are clearly going to pay a fair chunck of change for dinner. Its awesome to see a place that really aims to please you in every way possible. Also, the wait staff was generally transparent during the meal even though they were doing a lot of work clearing our table, customizing cutlery, filling water, etc.The dining area is perfectly decorated. Its a little trendy, but not blinking red light and technoey. The decor is so right because you can walk in there wearing anything (ahem...within reason) and not feel out of place. Its great for any age group - 20ish to 60ish. Its a little loud, but not disruptivley so. You are going to have to pay a bit for this place (app, dinner, and a single martini ran me $100 after tip), but I'd do it again on my own dime in a heartbeat.Its one of those rare 5 star places. Well done sir Puck.
3	The best part of this meal was this small cup of pea soup that our waiter gave us compliments of the chef. It came in a little mug and was served chilled. It was lights out. The rest of the food was average to me. I ordered the blue cheese encrusted kobe beef while my friend got the flat iron kobe. For an app we split the "Maryland" style crab cakes. The crab cakes were nothing special and were not even close to being like a Maryland crab cake. I felt that my steak was pretty tough for such an expensive cut. It was thick and juicy though and filled with flavor. The flat iron was cut like a london broil and had a very good reduced balsamic sauce. Wait service was good as well. Great selection of breads. Although everything was above average I don't feel like the price justified it.
3	Ok I want you to name 10 famous Restaurants that are well-known for their elite and superior ambiance and food that everyone wants to try. Ok maybe you can't name 10 but Spago was on their right?   Well it's was on my list of super desirable awesome restaurants I always wanted to try. Until I went that is. I was not impressed! We were seated fast and given 1 choice of brad from a plate. (No seconds?) and my bread was fantastic... but the mushroom pasta I ordered was only ok. I could really have gotten the same quality at a place here on College Avenue in Oakland/Berkeley. And this is supposed to be Wolfgang Puck. My palette was awaiting an immersion of flavors and textures... instead I got mushy peas and mushrooms with al dente noodles! The flavor was there for the most part however.
5	I absolutely loved this place. One of my best meal experiences. That said, I will begin with the truth. I had my doubts. I only knew a handful of things about Wolfgang Puck: (1) he's a celebrity chef, (2) he haz an accent, and (3) he cooks for the Oscars. S'it. This could have gone either way. It could be amazing because, well, he cooks for ze movie stars and he wouldn't be world famous if his food was awful. Or, it could all just be hype.  Well, Wolfgang Puck is amazing, and he is famous for a reason. Because his talent is delicious. THE FOOD: We totally conquered. The white peach bellini was one of or probably the best bellini I ever had. Each sip was like biting into a crisp, juicy, succulent white peach. Even though it didn't seem like very much in the glass, I got a nice little buzz from it. That must be quality champagne. The bread waiters came and offered you as much as you wanted from a bountiful basket. We got to choose from a sourdough, a cherry walnut, an olive loaf, a cracker (with seeds, herbs, and things - since I don't like crackers, this was my least favorite), and an onion focaccia. The soft, slightly sweet, buttery cube of onion focaccia was clearly the favorite of the night. Dipped in their quality olive oil, it was a great meal starter. The amuse bouche was a cappuccino sized cup of cold, creamy pea soup. It tasted so fresh. As if you plucked the peas yourself, eating them while still standing in a garden, with your toes in the cool dirt. However, since I'm not a cold soup fan, I didn't like it that much. We ordered several appetizers to share. The crab cakes, the heirloom tomato soup, the warm wild mushroom salad, and the octopus salad. The heirloom tomato soup was probably my favorite dish of the entire night, and that's saying something since my meal and the warm wild mushroom salad were both incredible. I mean, sooo many wins here. The soup was large, came in a clay-pot sized, white porcelain bowl complete with cute hat, and a crostini that was spread with a creamy white cheese and then piled high with fluffy parmesan. On top of the soup was a thin design of balsamic vinegar that complimented the soup like jelly compliments peanut butter. Spooning up a mouthful and letting the fresh tomato, sweet balsamic, exotic herbs, and delicate cream dance in my mouth was a little piece of Heaven. The warm mushroom salad was layered with mushrooms I can't name, but they were each delicious. Some of the mushrooms were delicate, while others were slightly crunchy and "meaty" (like portobellos). The salad was tossed warm with arguala and pomegranate seeds and was a heart warming, unique salad that was perfect for a Fall day (in windy Las Vegas). I ordered the special because I couldn't resist the following words: truffle-cream + Alaskan king crab. Other words like mushroom, onion, and fettucine were in there as well. It was, of course, awesome. I mean, it had truffle oil in it. Truffle oil makes everything better! My mom ordered the seafood paella and it was very tasty, though a tad undercooked, IMO. The scallops and shrimp were huuuge! The bf ordered what I deemed the "pig plate" which consisted of pork belly, pork loin, and 3 kinds of sausage including blood - very neat concept. Overall, every single person was over-the-moon pleased with their dinner. Unfortunately (very very), I was over-ruled when it came to dessert. Everybody else was too full, so we didn't try any. I bet they're fantastic though. Next time... ATMOSPHERE: Ending with looks and folks. Spago is hard, clean lines, it's modern art, mirrors, and black walls. Too noisy for an intimate dinner, but fun for a family or group. Service was polite, friendly, and extremely accomodating, but I didn't feel all warm and fuzzy like I did at Alexander's. It was quite nice when they saw us pouring our own wine and decided to swoop in and do it themselves. Nice catch. Prices were SURPRISINGLY reasonable! You can spend $50 to $150 a person, your choice. I'm a Puck fan now.
3	Our party of 5 had a reservation, but we still managed to wait at least 15 minutes for our table, even though the restaurant wasn't crowded.  The decor is nice, nothing too impressive/distinct from other places.  For a cocktail, I ordered the peach bellini, which was pretty tasty.  A small tasting of the grilled cheese in tomato soup was given, compliments of the chef.  One of my friends had been craving that combination of flavors, so it hit the spot for her and she loved it.  We ordered the "seafood platter" as a starter, but unfortunately, they were out of lobster, which is basically the best part!  For entrees, some ordered the surf and turf, which turned out to be mediocre good; less than expected.  I had the pasta special which I chose the option to have crabmeat with it was satisfying, but not sure I'd order it again.  The executive chef, Eric Klein, did make rounds throughout the restaurant, stopping by every table to make sure people were pleased.  He did stop by our table a few times, engaging in conversation each time.  Turns out we knew some mutual people!
4	I am a fan of all of Wolfgang's restaurants in Vegas. What i have found is that the quality of the preparation and ingredients is consistent across the board. so whether it Postrio, the MGM Bar and Grill, or Spago, its never going to disappoint. When talking about Spago itself, there are several things i enjoy, the decoration and the music suit my tastes very well and make for a nice si down dinner. The bar is solid, i love being able to walk in without a reservation, sit down, and order a great pizza or dish of mussels for a very fair price.  Great people watching too, Vegas brings in every type of person from every type of country, and that's as good a show as anything i have paid to see!.Go to Spago when you want to try something new. I have read reviews here of people being dissappointed about pasta dishes and other common every day fare. My memorable dishes have been tuna tartar in a crispy wanton shell, lobster salad served on an Asian soup spoon, pan fried sardine over a citrus vinaigrette slaw ( which was mind blowing!) Some awesome mains i have had have been duck breast with cauliflower puree and root veg, where the fat was rendered off and made the meat ridiculously delicious and the skin crispy and perfect.  I write this on my latest trip to Vegas and eagerly anticipate my new visit on Thursday night!
4	this place was good!i had the kobe beef hunan style. so so deliciousi also tried some of my friends,  rib eye, and ribs.the ribs were a delite. melted right in my mouth.its a lil spensive, but worth it
2	This place gets two stars for service and maybe three stars for food. The food was alright, but the waiter spilled two glasses of ice water on my friend at the end of the table. Accidentally mixed up two others for two other friends and I found some blonde hairs in my food ... ????I think in general service was terrible but the food was alright. That's as much as I can really say about the place.
2	Great service, but the paella was tasteless, with all the charm of a mix.  Wolfgang Puck surely can do much better than that!!
5	Stopped by last weekend before seeing BETTE MIDLER & dinner couldn't have been more deeeelish There were *tons* of waitstaff around to attend to our every whim - made sure we were breaded, watered & well fed Started out w/ an Amuse Bouche of a Split-Pea Soupy thingamabob, in a little espresso cup - extremely tasty.  Salads were the Melon & Fig salad (minus the prosciutto) - it was yummy but we were really kicking ourselves for not getting the Heirloom Tomato salad. Those maters were ginormous w/ thick slabs of fresh Mozz & it was just way too tempting! Entrees for both consisted of the FARMERS' MARKET WHITE CORN AGNOLOTTI - Sweet & fresh off the cob caramelized Corn, Celery Leaves and Locatelli Pecorino Romano in this little, itty, bitty cheese filled pasta......both sis & I were literally mopping up ALL the left over sauce w/ our bread. Would probably have licked the plates had the room not been completely packed & there was a need for a modicum of decorum.  Also - be sure to pair your pasta w/ their Merlot......it was fruity & light & not only completely complimented the Corn, but enhanced the flavor in the bestest way!Dessert was the perfect topping to this most scrumptious meal - Assorted Cookies for sis & Pear Cobbler for me. Cookies were warm & gooey - freshly baked to the point we squeezed a cookie & schmoousche, out comes a globby bloop of chocolate.  The Cobbler had this fluffy biscuit w/ Chai Ice Cream to surround the sauteed Pears & Huckleberries - paired w/ fresh Raspberries & Blueberries. Y - U - M!! Can't wait to come back to Spago
4	I enjoyed eating lunch here.  Food and service was great.  We sat in the patio area, where we were able to people watch.  They had a great bread selection to choose from and it came with a side of goat and cream cheese spread.  I especially liked their cranberry walnut bread.  I tried their turkey club sandwich which was more of a panini with avocado, bacon, tomatoes, and dijonaise.  It came with mixed green salad and fresh potato chips.  The sandwich was very fulfilling that I just ate half.  I would be curious to try dinner there some time.
5	I came here a few years ago and this place turned me into a mojito whore..I never had them that good and now I can't stop ordering them. Ok now for my food review which took place on Dec 6, 2008 (yes the night Pacquiao kicked DeLa Hoya's butt. I missed that fight cause I was eating here..was it worth it?? ..you betcha!).OMG... I dream of that free range chicken, oh so delectably juicy and wonderful as you chew it in your mouth, with a hint of goat cheese that was carefully tucked under the crispy skin of that oh so yummy poultry meat... Accompanied wonderfully with that dreamy chicken, was potatoes... with it smoothly mashed to melting consistency, and  root veggies all crisped perfectly and not a bland or undercooked bite at all , and the natural jus..the sauce that was so warm and perfect and provided a flavorful blanket for all the above. I have to say it was a heavenly dish....it didn't make me feel weighed down or like I had too much to eat..I smiled every time I took a bite...Now for dessert...i had the chocolate flour-less cake with pralines..it's a very skinny slice of cake but boy oh boy was it a gigantic awesome burst of flavor in your mouth! It was also very delicious and didn't taste too sweet or wasn't overburdened with sauce or icing. It came with a little scoop of hazlenut ice cream and it was the PERFECT ending to one of the best meals in my life..seriously... Oh and to add to my experience, the group I was with had the tasting menu ( I didn't because I had a little too many mojitos the night before at the V bar and the night ended with me bowing to the porcelin god). I tasted a tiny bit from my sister's plate of everything she got and I'll say that everything was awesome...The wait staff was also VERY accommodating  and they did an excellent job. Everyone left Spago 's very very HAPPY..I'll be back there around New Year's...free range chicken...I'm coming home!
4	I went here for dinner and ordered cheese ravioli, which I thought was nothing to rave about, but I remember the sauce being rich and flavorful! My dish was really small, but other dishes seemed bigger. The pizza was delicious! I could actually taste fresh mozzarella...yumm! The best part of dinner was the chocolate souffle! HEAVENLY! The dim lights and candles make for a romantic setting, which makes it a pretty reasonably priced date place for Vegas. I think I'd go back just for the dessert.
5	My friends and I were in Vegas for New Years and had a gift certificate for $140 to any wolfgang puck restaurant so we decided to go to Spago. Boy were we pleased with that decision.  To start off, I ordered the Sam Smith Nut Brown Ale and my buddy ordered a corona.  They were both poured for us into a very tall glass that was narrow at the bottom and then wider towards the top.  My friend said it was far too nice a glass for a corona ;)  Anyway, I highly recommend the Nut Brown Ale, wherever you can find it.  Before the food came out, we sampled their bread.  The Parmesan variety was "the best restaurant bread" my buddy had ever had.  The bread fixings included a four-way divided plate full with salt, pepper, olive oil and butter, very nice touch. On the to the food.  I ordered the Nebraska Corn-feed Skirt Steak Hunan style.  Wow! It was so good that I twittered about it and was prompted to write this review.  I made a joke that the meat was so good that the cow must have been pampered with a burberry scarf when it was raised.  I had just gone in the burberry store before we were seated (it is next door and no I didn't buy anything - wayyyyy overpriced).  The steak was medium-well and seasoned to perfection.  My plate was adorned with green beans and they were also savory.  Overall this plate almost made me http://www.hulu.com/watch/47604/saturday-night-live-snl-digital-short-j-in-my-pantsProbably wouldn't have eaten here if we didn't have the $140 gift card but since we were able to eat there, I was thoroughly pleased.  Keep it up wolfgang!
3	Really? This is one of the founding members of the foodie movement. It's nothing but a Pasta P in the mall with nicer tables now. Six hana oysters, a wood fired sausage pizza and 2 ice teas set me back 48 dollars, without tip. The tip was 20 percent as the service was attentive and professional. But the cost value vs quality is skewed, even by 11 dollar beer special in Vegas. Because based on the round of appetizers, you are looking at 75$ to a 150$ a person, depending on drinks and deserts, and for that, I can hit any one of the solid 4 stars in Vegas and get satisfaction. If you want to lunch at a over priced legend, I suggest you try Emril's, I have a feeling it might deliver the bang I want for my buck. Oh... again, Pasta P quality on the wood fired pizza. Not terrible, but not much more than that. My yardstick for the wood fired pizza is Dephina's of San Francisco
4	The Seafood jambalaya? was great!Better than Beverly Hills.
5	I was on a trip in Vegas with a bunch of friends - you know the deal: piling up in a suite in Paris, hoping to get lucky, getting carded everywhere you go because you look right out of high school, etc. Well, for lunch my friends told me to meet them at Spago - I had no idea what this place was or what Spago meant (I still don't; I thought it was like some Roman god name or something). Thus, i didnt know how fancy this place was. So I come in with my American Apparel sweatshirt, brown cords, and my backpack into this very modern looking place.Luckily, they were laid back about it. I don't think there was a dress code and I didnt get any dirty looks from the staff or anything, so I actually felt pretty comfortable being there even though every one else was dressed to impress. Anyways, the staff was awesome and helpful. There was a choice of breads we could choose from to start, so I was already impressed. Then, I went to spread some butter on the bread and thought it tasted funny. That's because it was goat cheese!! Wow!! I'm actually a fan of goat cheese, so more points for that.I ordered the paella without chorizo (pescatarian) and it was very, very good. It was one of the best paellas i ever had, not necessarily the most authentic, but taste-wise it was beyond good. My friend actually got the paella with chorizo and we concluded it actually tastes better without it.That meal set me back $40, but hey it's vegas and I'm on vacation, so whatevs. I'd rather spend my money on fancy things than lose it all playing roulette. (I did lose some money in roulette. damn you circling white ball.)Thank you Wolfgang Puck.5 stars!!
4	Granted, I only ordered one item off the cafe menu at lunch.  And granted I shared that one item with my wife.  But, damn, that was the best half-hamburger I've had in a while.Did I hesitate or pause at ordering a $25 burger?  Not really.  "MESQUITE GRILLED SNAKE RIVER FARM KOBE BEEF BURGER, Brioche Bun, Smoked Onion Marmalade, Black Truffle Aioli, Vermont Farmhouse Cheddar and Pommes Frites," sounds SO much better than "Cheesebuger with Fries."I thought it might be just a gimmicky burger, but it was all it was cracked up to be.  And it was plenty of food to split.  They didn't scoff at our request and even served it up on separate plates with equal portions of sides.The service was excellent and very friendly.  We spent a lot when you factor in a couple of drinks, but somehow we didn't feel taken.  We'll give the dinner menu a shot next time.
4	I came here with some friends, including Brian M. and ordered the Paella like he did, just with the chorizo.  He mentioned in his review that we both agreed that it was better without the chorizo, and I still stand by that.  I just wanted to reiterate that it was better without it. haha.Anyways, I loved the onion foccacia bread, and the goat cheese spread was good at complimenting the 4 breads they had to offer.   We tried the chicken lollipops.  Those were actually pretty good. although the drumsticks were really really tiny.Winston M. tried the pepperoni pizza, because the waitress had mentioned that Wolfgang Puck was more known for his pizza's, and I remember him fully enjoying it.  I had another friend try out the Kobe Beef burger.  It tasted pretty good, although I probably wouldn't have gotten it well done like my friend.  Well done to me takes out the juices and flavors.I'd definitely come here again, but since it is pretty pricey, well, I'd say it was pretty damn worth it.
5	I have not eaten here.I will say that they graciously allowed a drunk Filipino woman stumble in asking to use the bathroom merely to throw up in because she had one too many cheap drinks from somewhere less classy. As I pitied the bathroom attendant for listening to the hurling, I wish she held my hair up.Later, I found out there was a closer bathroom at the food court we were eating at. Hey, a 5 star review is a 5 star review.
3	"Food was pretty good; tad pricey. Long lines"
2	I had heard many good things about Spago, and definitely had high hopes.  I came here once at lunch with some friends, and then later came here for a business dinner during the busy times of CES in Vegas.  My conclusion is that this place is expensive/overpriced for what it is, and the service was OK for lunch and bad for my dinner experience.  We spent about $650 there for 6 of us, and I probably would have been happier spending that same money at Mesa Grill or Tao.  Onto the bad service we experienced:  we had a very absent-minded server.  He had to be reminded multiple times to bring us our drinks.  And when he finally brought them over, he forgot who had what.  Then, we had to ask him for bread once we saw another table having bread.  When one of us asked if he could just leave the bread rather than serve us one by one, he said he was not allowed to do so.  Not much longer, we saw another table with their tray of bread left at their table.  The food served was decent.  I don't think I would come back to Spago again.
5	What can I say?  On my second to last day in Vegas, I was so broke and had lost all my money on that stupid Goldfish penny slot machine.  Yes, a penny machine that STOLE my money.  I still wanted a decent meal and stumbled upon Spago, just about 175 yards or so away from that stupid Goldfish game.  I looked at what I could afford on the menu and we decided on pizza.   It was a really decent price and everything else on the menu was so much more expensive.First of all, the bread we chose from the bread basket being handed to us had foccacia and flat bread so I ate both.   The flat bread was excellent.   I already had high hopes.  Plus the servers were really nice to us too.  Anyway, I ordered the mushroom pizza with roasted portabellas and some kind of taste that I've never tasted in a pizza before.  It couldn't have been just the parmesan.  These were really thin-crust pizzas which I normally don't get, but this was just melt-in-my-mouth fantastic.  Next, I tried my husband's Italian house made sausage with tuscan black olives hidden beneath each sausage.  Oh man, another completely different flavor bursting in my mouth.  Overall, for such a famous restaurant with a Wolfgang Puck name, I was very impressed that I could still find something cheap enough to eat and totally delicious.  I wonder if they sell these pizza flavors in the frozen food section at the supermarket... hmm...
5	I took my teenage daughter for her birthday--and she thought it was the best meal she's ever had.  Great menu, delicious food, outstanding  service and clean/friendly atmosphere.  Just superb!
5	I RARELY bestow five stars on a location. But what can I say, I dig this place. A lot. The food is consistently great (most recently, I had an amazing steak quesadilla, a lamb chorizo pizza, and a pink lady apple salad. all of which were exceptional). The service is as impeccable as a restaurant of a certain caliber should be, and best of all for Vegas, there is generally not much of a wait, even at prime meal times and on weekends! They have a great, more inexpensive cafe menu for lunchtime and if you eat on their 'patio' overlooking the Forum Shoppes at Caesars. Such a fan.
4	The Cafe. Yes, go eat at the Spago cafe. It's wayyy less pricy, the food is so good & the service is outstanding. You'll be saving big money to gabble, shop or whatever! I love this place.
5	I have yet to be disappointed in a Wolfgang Puck restaurant.  This was my second time at this Spago and it was fantastic.  I love the location and the "dining al fresco" is quite unique in the Forums.We started with the smoked salmon with lemon blinis & caviar- delightful.  Next, we had the Moroccan rack of lamb with couscous.  For dessert we had the fifteen layer carrot cake with ginger ice cream- wow!!!When you finish your meal you can walk it off shopping at all the upscale shops.  I mean really- wouldn't you rather spend your money on something you can take home??
4	Ah, what a change of pace from the terrible experience at Carnegie's from the night before.Spago is a casual restaurant with a luxurious feel to it.  Service and quality far exceeds the price (which is rare at restaurants). We ordered fried calamari and the lamb chorizo pizza. The calamari was great because it seemed like they used batter similar to the kind you find in tempura. It came with sour cream and this ginger sauce for dipping. It was exceptional. The sauce made all the difference.  The pizza was great too. It had thin slices of lamb, goat cheese and small pieces of orange on it.  It tasted very unique and flavorful. They also had a large variety of bread to choose from along with a blend of goat cheese and sour cream to go along with it. I generally feel that restaurants named after big name chefs are overrated and overpriced. However, Spago absolutely lived up to its name. I can't wait to try my next Wolfgang Pucks restaurant!
4	We were shopping at the forum shops and decided to try this place for lunch and we were plesantly surprised. Maybe because we didn't know what to expect. I must tell you, this place makes the BEST PAELLA!! Its so good, loaded with giant scallop and seafood, saucey, savory, everything you can think of. The rating I'm giving is strictly for this delicious paella! My husband got a pizza but I was too happy to with my paella to bother with his pizza. They have 4 different breads for you to choose from (we tried one of each, hehe) and their cherry walnut one is the best one.  If I'm ever there during lunch again, I'd ordere my paella all over again...anytime!Olive is a pretty decent place for lunch to by the way. But I'd choose spago over Olive because of...yes...the paella. Oh I got it without lamb chorizo by the way.
2	very expensive for just pizza. i will say that just eating here did make me feel very ritzy (maybe i dont go to that many expensive spots) but other than that i dont think i'll be going again. wolfgang puck was blowing it on this one.
4	Although in a mall, Spago has a great ambiance with some of the best service I have ever recieved.  I got the lobster risotto and it was amazing, I just wish there would have been a bit more lobster.  However, I've said it before and I'll say it again, I would much rather have great serivce with ok food, compared to lousy service with delicious food.  Not to say Spago had ok food, it was excellent, I just think their service was so great it made me forget about the lack of lobster on my dish.  Going to a restaurant is an experience for me to get away from the crazy world and enjoy quality time with my loved ones.  Spago did that for me.  The crab cakes were the best I ever had.  They are quarter sized but the flavor makes up for their bulk deficiency.
4	One of the best places we have dined! The place runs like a well oiled machine and the pizza was out of the park. Wine list is top of the line and they have some great single malt scotch. I'll be back.
4	A very good restaurant. Makes excellent salads, salmon and pizza.Spago is a italian base bistro with a fusion taste. My friend had the salmon he said it was awesome.  His dish was like $35I had the BLT salad with mega shrimp, my salad cost $30 dollar, kind of spendy, by far the best salad I ever had.Pricey but good. Everybody must try Wolfgang once.
5	I have had so many amazing meals at Spago in Ceasar's Las Vegas. It is hands down my favorite place to go to for a late lunch and shopping hangover excursion.  I have never had a bad meal there. Ever. My DH took me there for a special dinner our first trip to Vegas together years and years and years ago. Yes, years. Three of them, which is really like probably 12. So each "years" really means 4 years, got it? Good, stop exhausting me with your questions.  Nowadays, we always sit at the bar. This particular time, we both were in the mood for burgers, and they were burgerfection.  Niman Ranch burgers on a French roll, with gruyere cheese and caramelized onions...we ordered side salads instead of pommes frites and they were lovingly and lightly dressed.  Even though the restaurant was PACKED and the bartender seemed a little harried, he made sure we had what we needed in a timely manner and when all the people from the fly over states left he wiped his brow and became a little more personable. They seemed a little understaffed that day, usually not a problem.The. Perfect. Vegas. Lunch.
5	Caesar's brought only the best of the best to their casino and mall. Gourmet dinning at it's best. Appetizers were out of this world.  There were these amazing thin pizzas - we had a marguerite and one with wasabi blend to the cheese and thin tuna - wow!  It was great!  Salad dressings are delicious and not overpowering.  The main courses were well portioned and delicious.  Several of us had the scallops with a mushroom risotto that was superb!  Several others had their chicken which has goat cheese under the crust which was also delicious.  The presentation is so nice.  They had a huge wine list but were kind and had some very reasonable prices!
5	Wolfgang Puck's Spago, located in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace, has a great ambiance with some of the best service. This is a restaurant that is a must go to when in Vegas!  The restaurant is divided into two dining areas, with the patio serving cafe style food and with the main dining room serving more fine dining cuisine. I have never had a bad meal here, everything on the menu is so good, especially the pizza.. You just can't go wrong!  There is a great wine selection too. The service is wonderful, and everyone is just very nice there.
3	Ambiance: Very typical... nice restaurant, nothing original or crazy here.  A nice restaurant located in the Caesar forum shops.Service:  Our service was excellent we were offered more bread even after we finish ours and they checked on us just enough.Food:  This is where nothing really stood out.  Ordered the prime rib I believe which was soaked in like a bean sauce of some kind which completely took away from the flavor of the minuscule portion of meat that was sitting on my plate.  Really not worth the money.  I understand if you are going for small quantity more flavor, but it small quantity and less flavor.   -2 stars.
4	Had lunch here with the boyfriend. He had the prosciutto wrapped meatloaf, which he LOVED.  I'm not a fan of meatloaf in general, but I tried a bit.  It was good.  If I were a meatloaf-lover, I would have loved it, too.I had the prix fixe menu: prosciutto/melon salad (amazing), spicy shrimp/tomato risotto, cherry pie.  The salad was absolutely delicious.  I love prosciutto and melon, so it wasn't a surprise that I loved the salad, but it was nice to have high quality ingredients.  The risotto was good, but not outstanding.  It was well-made, not mushy, and had a small kick.  A couple shrimp were slightly overcooked, though.The cherry pie was good, but not excellent.  The shell was a little dry, and so were the cherries.  Not enough of that juicy, cherry goodness.I almost forgot, when the bread guy comes around, make sure you get the cherry-walnut bread.  I could eat a whole loaf if given the chance.
3	Good service (although I think he was doing a little coke in the bathroom in between our starters and our main course because he came back with a lot more personality and a lot more conversation!), good wine selection and reasonably priced for vegas. Food was good...nobody had anything excellent...except maybe the lobster soup amuse! Bread service comes around and you get to pick your own from a wide variety - always a nice touch. Also they have a pretty decent list of wines under $100. Pretty decor - sort of a dramatic miami vibe. I would not order the pizzas again, the crust was disappointing.
4	I stopped by for lunch here and it was pretty good.  I sat over at the patio cafe part of the restaurant which was cool for people watching while I waited for my order.  Ordered the Shrimp Po' Boy Sandwich.  I can't really say it was the best Po' Boy sandwich I ever had, but it was pretty good.  Lots of shrimp.  Then ordered their creme brulee for dessert that looked great and tasted great.  I wished I had taken photos to show you guys, but that was the time when I lost my camera...ugh!!!!  Overall I think it was a little too overpriced for what I had for lunch, but the service was top notch for me and the "outdoor" cafe atmosphere justified the price.  I want to go back again to try out their dinner menu.
3	I came here for lunch and really enjoyed the bread and spread- it was a little goat cheese mixed with cream cheese.  I ended up ordering a glass of white wine and the pork tenderloin sandwich.  It sounded better than it tasted- it was served on pretzel bread, but the bread was too thick and salty which I guess I should have expected.  I thought even the side salad was a bit too salty.  I don't know if i'd stop by here again if I was in Las Vegas.  I definitely enjoyed the food selection at Postrio more.
5	Might be my favorite restaurant of all time - We ALWAYS go to Spago when we're in Vegas.To start things off, the bread is excellent. A friend of mine who's a sous chef once told me that you can judge a restaurant based on their bread... if that's the case, I could've written this review on the bread alone. Now this review is for the formal dining area (I've never eaten in the casual part of the restaurant).  The setting is amazing and the waiters are surprisingly knowledgeable about the menu and how everything is prepared. For my most recent visit we had:1. Oven roasted day boat Alaskan halibut2. Grilled Virginian line caught striped bass3. creme brulee4. peach teaThe Alaskan halibut had artichokes and white corn and other stuff and the striped bass had fennel and red onion salad and basil and other stuff... their creme brulee was extremely good and original because it was served on a plate (not in that small white dish)...their tea was excellent and quite relaxing... suffice it to say: Each time we go to Spago, we are surprised and thrilled with the flavors the chefs come up with and put together. I'm confident I could order anything here and be happy. But don't get too attached to a single dish - they seem to change their menu every season...but that's okay with me. This is the kind of restaurant that makes me want to look at my previous 5-star reviews and reevaluate...I'd give Spago 6 stars if I could.
4	Stopped here as our last meal before leaving Las Vegas. Husband had the mushroom pizza, which he loved. I had the wiener-schnitzel. Never had it before and it was very tasty. It came with the most delicious tomatoes in balsamic and warm potato salad. Pretty much cleaned my plate. Of course, it's Vegas, so the people watching on the patio is part of the whole experience. The services is attentive and friendly, plus, the bread they bring out before your entree is top notch.
3	You'd think being a foodie I'd have been all over trying Spago. Highly rated. Celebrity chef. Vegas.Meh.Thing is, when I am out of my San Francisco element, my obsession with trying something new, the latest and greatest, just....disappears. I'm out of my routine (i.e. gym), so I want to keep things simple. Which usually means a sandwich. If it's not in SF, I don't really care.But I didn't have much choice. It was a business lunch, and everyone else was dying to go. Can't say much about the space other than it was relatively empty and cavernous, but I did enjoy my meal. The chopped veggie salad was a healthy eaters dream: carrots, celery, corn, green beans, and tomatos. Hold the cheese, and add the super expensive ($10) chicken. Even without dressing, there seemed to be some oil or something coating the veggies. Didn't need that, but it was minimal.Service was flawless and intuitive. For example, suggesting to a co-worker steamed veggies when he didn't want potatoes. Nicely done. And don't miss the flatbread they bring out, or at least a piece.Not bad, kind of a stale environment, but dinner might have a better energy. And definitely go when you are not paying. As much as I liked my salad, were I paying $25 for it, not sure I'd be giving three stars.
2	My return here will be my last. I expect more from Wolfgang Puck restaurants! Two parts make a dining experience pleasant: the food, first and foremost, AND the staff. Both plain sucked at this place. Our waiter was rude and never really came by to ask us our dinner was going. In fact, the only time he ever really spoke to us aside from taking our order was while arguing with my boyfriend about beer knowledge. BLAH. My boyfriend ordered a steak that was just okay,and I ordered a pizza that was good but nothing special. There are so many other restaurants worth trying over this one!
5	This is only a review for the bar of the Spago because it's fantastic enough!I have been here 3 times and I will come back!If you are looking for a quite but still "see-what's going-on" spot in lively Las Vegas then this is your bar!Super modern white design, but still cosy and not too big.The staff is super friendly and attentive...if you are lucky Peter is your bartender - he knows all about wine, cheese and gives you local insider tips ;)Make sure you check out the cheese plate! And of course the bread that comes with it - YUMMY!I have only ordered food from the bar menu (cause you get to try much more stuff) but was never disappointed.Overall I like the place a lot - one of my "must" when in Vegas!
5	I thought everything was great!!! The service food ambiance... All delicious.. A bit pricey but worth a special occassion!!!
5	Great food.  They change their menu seasonally which is refreshing to try new menu options.  Service is fabulous, people watching is fun when sitting in the cafe.  If you want more privacy sit in the dining area.I love their salads, entree's and desserts.  Okay, just about everything on the menu, I enjoy good food.   In the forum and definetly worth it.  Lunch or Dinner.
5	This place has excellent food and the service was great as well. My wife loved the lollipop buffalo wings and the pasta dishes were the best I ever had. We also tried a sushi roll as well and it was also very good. Every time we visit The Forum, we will always stop by this place. I can't remember how much the bill came out to but it was well worth it. Remember the lollipop wings!!!!!!
2	We went here for dinner this past labor day weekend, and all I can say is that ALL four of us were majorly disappointed. We ordered the halibut, short-ribs, salmon, and their signature smoked salmon pizza, and not one of them was even remotely impressive. If anything they were below average. The salmon pizza had too much lox on it, and looked more like a smoked salmon party platter for bagel day at work. The salmon was a little burnt and completely smothered with some kind of teriyaki sauce. The short ribs I didn't try, but from the others who did try it, it definitely wasn't a winner either. My halibut was decent, but presentation sucked. When it came out everyone started laughing at my dish because it looked like the fish was sitting in a pool of foamy soap. I wish I could say better things for this Wolfgang Puck establishment....but the story ends here. I think the only plus side to this restaurant was that the decor and ambiance was able to lure us into one of the most pitiful dinners I've had in a long time.
4	We stopped by here for lunch on a Thursday afternoon while taking a break from shopping at the Forum Shoppes.  The GF and I each decided to order a pizza she got the Lamb Chorizo - Rapini, Tomato Sauce, Sun Dried Tomatoes, Goat Cheese and Cilantro and I got the Italian Sausage - Roasted Fennel, Tuscan Black Olives, Reggiano Cheese and Thyme.  The lamb chorizo pizza was amazing, it had a bit of spice to it and just really unique and delicious.  The sausage one was pretty good as well but the chorizo one was just much tastier.  We both enjoyed the thin crust and  liked how it was not really doughy.  Great lunch and the service was excellent as well.  Can't wait to go back and try something else!
3	We all know how far Wolfgang Puck's stock has dropped since he was the "inventor" of California Pizza. He's a Celebrity Chef dinosaur now, and when you consider how far divorced its creator is from his sensational fame,  it's a bit strange that this Spago has survived in Vegas as long as it has -- whole casinos have risen and fallen during its life.This is not true if you actually dine here.  This is _not_  a Wolfgang Puck Bistro/Express/Coffee shop, as other Strip properties (and shopping malls from Oxnard to Peoria) sometimes host.  It's an approximation of Spago, which was once one of the hottest tickets in LA.  The food was once pioneering stuff, and so over the years Puck's many imitators have surpassed him, but it doesn't mean the food here is any less solid.  The menus are not huge, vary (somewhat) by season, and are fairly devoid of clunkers.   You may not rave about it after, some 25 years after Spago was chic, but you probably won't leave disappointed.Like many simulated al fresco dining options in Casinos, this Spago has a dynamite location, near one of the Forum's fountains.  For that extra je ne sais quoi of kitsch value, try to wrangle the "Showgirls" table "outside," the very site of Cristal and Nomi bonding over their shared redneck past and the fine flavor of dog food.
4	I ate here both nights I was in the Vegas.  Sad.  The pizza here is awesome.  The pasta was good but heavy.  I don't recommend eating pasta if you are gonna drink the rest of the night.  You will just feel like a pilot whale.
4	One of my favorite places to come when I'm just looking for a bite.  It's upscale comfort food at its best.  Whether pizza or weinerscnitzle the food is always very enjoyable.  Out on the patio, prices are also quite reasonable.They used to make an awesome chocolate melting cake but they've since unified the desert menus for most of the restaurants and its recently been a little disappointing.
5	I had my wedding reception here a few weeks ago. I can't say enough good things about the place. The manager was wonderful and so accommodating. I researched a lot of different restaurants and Spago had the most flexibility for my small group. The Kobe beef sliders were my favorite. I can't wait to go back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	One word - FABULOUS.  We started out with drinks by the bar which helped set the tone of the evening.  The bartenders were great, suggesting different drinks and wine parings for things on the menu.  My husband ordered some saki and a Sapporo and the bartender gave us some tips on different saki's and other Japanese beers.  We went to our table by the friendly host and were immediately greeted by our server.  He gave us a rundown of the menu and what some of his favorites were.  We decided on doing the tasting menu prepared by the chef, specific for that night.  That was the best idea because we were able to try a bunch of things that were on the menu and a few others that were not.  We were stuffed by the time we got to the 4th course and we still had 2 more to go!  The first course was flat bread with cheese, prosciutto, balsamic vinaigrette, and something sweet (amazing!).  The next course was a sushi plate - one of the pieces was a piece of tuna on a rice cake with some sort of sauce.  Very yummy!!!  Next was pasta - gnocci with a cream, pepper sauce.  BEST GNOCCI I've ever had.  The fish course was a halibut with jasmine rice, a honey flavored sauce, veggies, and huckleberries.  The halibut was cooked and seasoned to perfection.  The meat course was duck, which made me nervous, but it was cooked perfect with a DELISHIOUS sauce.  The flat bread pizza, gnocchi, and halibut were by far my favorite courses.  The dessert was TO DIE FOR - homemade cheese cake with grapefruit sorbet and on the other side of the plate was bananas with cream fresh, pistachio nuts, drizzled with Nuttella.  The chef came out and greeted us after every course to ask us what we thought.  If you're ever in Las Vegas and are looking for a great experience and fantastic food - go to Spago!  After this review I want to go back now!
4	I've had the good fortune to eat at most of Puck's eateries in LA and Las Vegas over the years.  The one that started it all, or at least this version in the forum shops area at Caesars continues to be understated, solid, and professional.My wife and I had a delicious late-night dinner here after taking in Cirque's "Beatles Love" show.  She has an allergy to all dairy, and the waiter/kitchen handled her needs with courtesy and delivered flawlessly.  Needless to say my meal is always more enjoyable when this is the case.A place you can always count on to deliver.
5	It's like Marnee Thai in San Francisco or Fantastic Cafe in Long Beach or Mastro's Ocean Club in Laguna Beach or Le Diplomat in Irvine. When I think of Las Vegas, I think of Spago and vice versa. We make it a point to eat here each time we go to Vegas, whether we win or lose, stay at The Flamingo, Planet Hollywood, Bellagio or Caesars. We have to. And the best part is that the menu is ever-evolving. During our last visit we had 1. Oven roasted day boat Alaskan halibut2. Grilled Virginian line caught striped bass3. Creme Brulee 4. Peach TeaFor our most recent visit, it was just as good. We had:1. Mediterranean sea bass2. California roll3. Stir fried shanghai style egg noodles.I loved my Alaskan halibut my last visit so i asked the waiter what was similar to it and he pointed me to the Mediterranean sea bass. it was not as soft/flaky as Chilean sea bass, but still good. It was served over a celery apple puree with celery hearts and huckleberry. It gave it an interesting, almost sweet flavor, but not what you would expect when hearing "apple" And I love how they prepare it in such a unique way that I know I won't likely find a dish like it anywhere else. The California roll was excellent as well - nothing like any of the other California rolls I've tasted - for this, the authentic crab meat was marinated in a lemon vinaigrette. My wife was quite pleased with her noodles, but was a little disappointed that it contained pork. After picking those pieces out though, it was delicious but a bit on the spicy side. What I failed to mention in my last review was the bread. We always look forward to it. A waiter comes by with a basket of four different kinds and a dish with butter, pepper, olive oil and salt. If you go, definitely try the cherry walnut bread - so good and just the right amount of sweet. The honey focaccia was tasty as well.  Each time I go there, I'm confident that whatever the chef puts on the menu is delicious. I'll continue going here as long as it's around and like I said before, if I could give it six or seven stars, I would. My all time favorite fancy restaurant.
4	I've been here a couple of times and enjoyed both of them.  The last time we came the service was great, the food was excellent and the wine perfectly complimented it.  I had picked out my food from the menu when the waitress came by with some great specials.  A caprese salad with a wonderful variety of tomatoes... delish!  And their bread basket is great!  A large assortment to choose from to tide you over before your meal.  And they gave oil, butter and sea salt to go with it.  Yum!  A nice place to go that's not too fancy but still serves delicious, high quality food.
5	To freaking die for.  A friend of mine had her wedding reception here and the service and food were impeccable.  Not only was each bite of food utterly delicious but the presentation was amazing.  I can only hope that the food at my wedding will be this good.  I wasn't here for their normal menu but I can't wait until I'm back in LA or LV so that I can try more of their food.
4	I can remember having the lilipop wings and the halibit on my last trip in June. I can't complain about the service nor the food;-)  they get a yelper*thumbs up*
5	Friendly service, beautiful contemporary decor and tasty food at a very reasonable price! What more can you ask for?Keep in mind I generally don't write reviews unless I am really compelled to do so, hence this is only my second review on here.Before our drive out to Vegas with about 15 friends, we contemplated on where we should eat. As you know, the strip has no shortage of restaurants and to be honest, we always go food hunting in Vegas with two notions in mind, any decent restaurant is pricey and the food is not the greatest. After all, you are in the middle of the desert, right?A friend highly recommended Spago so we decided to give them a call and make the reservation. Upon arrival, we literally stepped one foot into the restaurant and headed straight to our seats. This wouldn't be a big deal normally but the restaurant was packed and normally you wait forever in Vegas. The table was immaculate and our servers were very quick to ask us what beverages we would like. Alcohol of course, easy on the rocks.They bring around a bread tray for you to select from four different types of breads, all very soft and flavorful, along with a plate with four spread/dipping options. Very nice attention to detail. We ordered some appetizers to begin with, the oysters were fabulous and so was the sweet fig flat bread, wow!Now on to the main courses. There is an entree on this menu for every palette. If you like slow cooked beef that melts in your mouth, go with the Red Wine Braised Boneless Short Rib Beef. The Filet Mignon also looked hearty and tasty. Being that it is a Wolfgang restaurant, a buddy of mine couldn't help but to order their sausage plate which he "killed" and cleared the plate. They also offer spaghetti and some asian fusion dishes, which I tried the bean curd noodles and they were money! The servers were very attentive, the food came out nice and hot, and on time. The General Manager, Michael Schwarz came by and made sure our needs were all met, in which case we did not hesitate to thank him for such a great time. He really has that place running smooth and we won't hesitate to go back or recommend this place to all of our friends. Thank you Michael and the crew!
5	Everyone should eat at Spagos at least once in their life time!Probably one of the best places I have ever eaten at.Wolfgangs best spot in my opinion!
3	The food here was ok, for the price it was alittle underacheiving. Except for the chef special. Grey sole with risotto to die for.  Service spectacular.
5	I woke up having a greasy food hangover, and just wanted a big freaking delicious salad. We were wandering through Caesar's and ended up at Spago. Boy had Italian Sausage pizza, and I had a Cobb Salad. My salad was amazing, exactly what I had been craving. It was beautifully presented (for a salad) and wonderfully dressed. The dressing was perfect, not at all heavy.But even better than the food was the amazing service from our waiter, James. This guy was exactly what every server should be. My water was never even half empty. He was funny and very attentive. I will be back at Spago next time I am Vegas.
4	love the food, great location - perfect spot for lunch.
4	5 stars for yumminess, but minus 1 star for snootiness!I've been here twice, and both times we were seated in the patio area. Why were we seated in the crowded patio area when there were empty seats inside the main area?.... and why did the greeting fool look my bf up and down and gestured for us to go to the patio? Why Spago, why are you so snooty?!  The food here is really yummy, but I don't understand why waitors/waitresses/greeters here act as if they are better than the paying customers? Why? Tell me why???
4	I had the softshell blue crab with the chicken noodle soup. The food was pretty good..I was surprisingly filled at the end of it and you better believe I ate every last bite of that blue crab haha. The bread tray was good and they gave us a complimentary amuse-bouche from the chef.  They even gave us an extra 15% or maybe 20% off card when we first sat down. The pinot grigio was also a good topper :)
3	I went here on a saturday night, right before going to Pure at Caesar's. I've heard about Spago's in Beverly Hills but never tried it so when I saw it at Caesar's I wanted to see what the rave was all about.Overall was it a mediocre dining experience. I don't recommend coming here on a truly empty stomach as you might walk out with a huge dent in your wallet.  I shared a portion of the soup, (delicious!) two drinks, two entrees of curried lamb and scallops was well over $110 plus tax and tips. Portions were small, luckily their bread was very different and good.
5	I came here with my boyfriend and this place is sooooo good. I had the Roasted Half Free Range Organic Chicken, it's to die for. The meat was tender and the skin was crispy. I would highly recommend this entree if you're a chicken lover. My boyfriend had the Red Wine Braised Beef Short Ribs and it's also yummy. The ribs were boneless and tender. The meat comes right off. So delicious. Would definately recommend this entree to the meat lovers out there. I can't wait to go back to Spago when I go to Vegas again. Hope this review helps.
4	Service was great.  I came alone for lunch.  The waiter was appropriately attentive and friendly and gave a great recommendation for my lunch.I really enjoyed their salad of romaine with roasted salmon and unagi sauce.  It was the perfect dish for a tasty but light lunch.The salad came with radish (cut into strings), chopped romaine lettuce, slices of half an avocado, pickled ginger on the side and a fillet of smoky, roasted salmon glazed with unagi sauce.  Perfectly executed and delicious.  My only small complaint is that there was a little side pile of remoulade, which although tasty, I felt was totally out of place.Would definitely come back here again for some people-watching and a leisurely lunch.
4	Split a pizza with my husband here for a late lunch/snack...the pizza was great.  We sat at the bar...the service was good.  Good food, good service = 4 stars from me.  Wish we would have had dinner here or at a Wolfgang Puck steakhouse instead of Craftsteak (see my crafsteak review for more info).
5	Excellent food and service. Would surely go back. Its a great place to hang out with friends and family. They have an extensive menu with a lot of great choices. The duck and crab cakes were awesome.
3	The great and a grotesque in this restaurant made it an "eh" experience.First of all, we were bad and decided to sleep all day. This meant that we waited until 11 pm to eat dinner. One would think that this would not be a problem in Las Vegas. I clearly remember a wilder youth when this was not a problem. However, that wilder youth had much lower standards and we looked far too nice to settle for the cheap crap at O' Shea's. After several closed doors and unsympathetic hosts throughout Ceasar's, we found this place still open in the mall. They had a limited menu, but we didn't care.Our adorable, brunette waitress whose name I sadly forgot was stellar. Super friendly and attentive. Ten stars. No question.The food was ok. My non-Italian father could make better pasta. And I didn't like his pasta when I was growing up. However, the pizza was pretty good. Not incredible. But pretty good. Even the New Yorker tolerated it.The drinks were terrible. Both my manhattan and his martini were undrinkable. The bathrooms were a disaster. Absolute disaster. They looked more like the bathrooms after the 7th inning of an A's game rather than those of a nice restaurant in Vegas. I know it was midnight when I went, but come on. I should not have only one choice of stalls to go into because the others were dirty, strewn with paper products, unflushed, or had menstral blood dripping across them. Have some pride and clean your %$#@ing bathrooms. And while on the topic, seriously ladies?!?!?!?!? How drunk and tore up are you that you can't flush a toilet or wipe up your own period? Cleaning bathrooms is gross enough without your careless antics. Nasty skanks!So, get the pizza, order drinks they cannot screw up, and use the casino restroom instead.
3	Went for dinner. Not quite what i expected from the Wolfgang Puck hype after all these years. Overall, our food tasted good but we both ordered the scallops and had to send them back....twice, for being way too salty. I was surprised when the waiter brought out the new plates of scallops which were just as salty as the first plates but we decided we'd deal with it. After all, what's a little bloating? They were cooked perfectly but again, too salty and about every other bite we encountered sand? You know when you bite into a scallop and it's like you bit into small bits of glass or sand? Maybe they weren't washed thoroughly? Not much fun anticipating that in your bites. It's too bad because otherwise, it would have been a great dish, minus the salt and sand. I felt a little bit of attitude from the waitstaff, probably because we had the same complaint twice, but he was nice enough to comp us dessert for not being completely happy with our entrees, and i will say, it is arguably one of the best creme brulees in the world. Oh, and the bread....that was also another highlight. Loved the onion focaccia and nut/date bread. Overall it was fun to try it out.
3	I have been here for lunch a dinner and have to say you are better off at lunch. The prices are cheaper and the food is good, there is no waiting and the servers don't look stressed out.
5	Wonderful food at the cafe side. Inexpensine and tasty. Split several dishes and they took care of it in the kitchen. Service spot on. Meatloaf is the best!
4	There are mixed reviews about this place, but all I can say is that perhaps it's just not consistent. But I enjoyed my food very much. I'm usually picky with the flavors, sauces and etc, but everything was spot on. you have to try to smoked salmon pizza with caviar (go with black, red is bit more salty). You should ask for light spread though--it comes with a refreshing cucumber, sour cream/cream cheese type spread. I had salad and pasta (the bolognese) next. The pasta was so delicious. You can taste the freshness and that's exactly what I like. Good homemade food in a restaurant. coming back another time.
4	I really enjoyed my dinner at Spago. We asked our concierge to recommend an Italian restaurant that wasn't too expensive and he recommended this one, a Wolfgang Puck restaurant inside of Caesar's Palace. The menu offered plenty of variety and ranged from about $8-12 for appetizers and $18-25 for entrees. My husband and I had an appetizer to share, an entree each and a glass of wine each for $75 which isn't too bad for Vegas. I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a great dinner with wonderful people watching!
4	Grabbed a seat "outside" under the fake sky. Kinda cool in a Vanilla Sky kind of way. Food was good though. Chopped salad was a good start. Lobster shanghai style was delicious. Couple people ordered a special salmon, which was great as well. Food there is good, service was good as well. A good place to get a good mix of food/styles, so good for groups with varying tastes.
4	Great food, great service, solid ambiance. We ordered the Valentines Day's wine menu special and it was just an overall fantastic experience. The attention from the wait staff was amazing for as busy as they were and for $125 per person including wine - 6 wines/6 mini-courses - what a great value! They even threw in a round of cocktails while we waited for our table.
4	The great thing about Wolfgang Puck restaurants is that they tend to be very kid friendly, this was the case at Spago where upon seating our waiter offered to take an order for our two year old since he was very hungry.  We started with chicken wing lollipops which were delectable and moved into a Mickey Mouse shaped pizza for my son, a salad for my wife and a meatloaf dish for myself.  Wolfgang is known for his pizzas, righfully so it was great, which comes from a wood fired oven gracing the bar and "patio" poriton of the restaurant.  The meatloaf is a cannot miss!  I'm normally not a meatloaf person, but it was fantastic.  The dish is more of a hamburger than a meatloaf.  Bursting with flavor and finished with a potato puree as opposed to mashed hit the spot.  Save room for the housemade nutella and banana crepes!  We are looking forward to visiting again when we are on The Strip for one reason or another.
5	This review is long overdue. I've probably eaten here at least 15 times over the last 4-5 years and I don't think I've ever had a bad meal here. It is one of the most consistent places I've been in Vegas. We usually try to eat at the Spago cafe in the "outside" patio as opposed to the more formal and expensive main restaurant area. I found out on my last visit though that the lunch menu is the same for both areas but if you want a more casual and less pricey dinner, I would stick with the cafe. You will still get a great experience and a fantastic meal either way. Many of the dishes here rotate seasonally but some of the best stay on the menu year round. Make sure to sample the bread basket, I love that crispy cracker thing they serve. My husband says the free range chicken here is just about the best chicken he's had. I always get the gazpacho here when they have it but unfortunately, that only seems to be a few months a year. However, their soups are amazing here. On my last visit, I had a cream of mushroom soup that came with a fancy grilled cheese sandwich and it was mouthwatering. One of the best soups I can remember having. Some of the other dishes I've tried that I've enjoyed were the pappardele (although it is a bit on the heavy side) as well as the chicken salad sandwich. Spago is known for their pizzas but it's been a long time since I've ordered that here so I really can't comment on that. All in all I love the food here and I love what this restaurant represents to Vegas. This was pretty much the first high end restaurant to open in Vegas in the early 90s and people were shocked that it did well. If not for Spago's success, Vegas would not be the high end dining mecca it has become.
4	This is a great spot to eat and peoplewatch!  Our server was quick though I felt like she was rushing us to leave which was strange cuz the restaurant was empty.The bread basket was yummy and a big contributor to my Vegas weight gain.  My pappardelle bologonaise was tasty though quite reminiscent of hamburger helper as my friend said (she's funny!).I would go back to enjoy the experience it again, sans one less dining companion.
3	Good food and great place to people watch once you've spent all your money gambling and/or shopping inside Caesars. Menu is constantly changing hence the inconsistency with the food but overall it's been decent.
5	Good service. Very good food. Enjoyed the sample of tomato soup. Had a raw seafood sampler for appetizer and a tuna dinner. All very good. Great ambiance also. All around, a great time.
2	I thought food was bland and you're mostly paying for the ambiance. Staff was nice
5	I went with a group of 8 people and we all had great dishes. This place is a MUST go to every time I'm in Vegas now. The wait staff was absolutely delightful. They took care of us like we were the only people in the restaurant even though it was full during dinnertime. Our server definitely anticipated our every need and was great. My little sister is a vegetarian and we were scared they didn't have any options for her but they were able to put together a meal that was superb for her! They gave her 4 dishes of the sides that they usually make for each of their four top selling dishes. The chef also sent out a complementary tasting of the lobster bisque. If I didn't already order at the time, I would have gotten that for my meal. The cherry walnut bread was the best of all the breads! Our table loved it so much that the bread staff came by and kept refilling our plates without us even asking! I started off the dinner with the lobster salad. I thought it was going to be a lot of salad and not a lot of lobster but the ratio was really good. They portioned it out enough that I was able to get a piece of grapefruit, avocado, lobster, and greens in every bite. The flavors worked so well together that I was amazed. for my entree I had the scallops which were perfectly cooked. I love scallops but never have I had them so sweet and not overcooked. My boyfriend had the mushroom pizza which was also very delicious. If I were to go back, I think I would order what my older sister ordered. She got the sea bass. For dessert since it was my sister's birthday they wrote happy birthday on the apple dessert. The honey mascarpone cream was to die for! The best part was that before the dinner they asked us if we were on a time schedule which we were. We had to make a show after dinner and they were very quick with everything from the food to the check that it gave us plenty of time to enjoy our dinner and to make the show on time. Make sure that you stop by this restaurant if you're in Vegas because you'll definitely enjoy all of the food.
4	Dunno why I have never reviewed Mr. Puck's lovely oasis in the desert before....but here goes. This is a solid go to place for nicely prepared food in the middle of the tacky but fun, Caesars Palace Forum.  I always opt for the patio (inside under a fake blue sky...only in vegas) cuz  love to watch the wandering herds of tourists when there might be a pause in the food service. Love the peeping tom perch and diversion. i digress. Service is pretty consistant and just the right amount of attentiveness. Food is VERY consistant. Our last visit my spousal unit had the schnitzel and it was fabulous. Truly a feast for the eyes and tummy. All the other entrees at our table were enjoyed and the bread basket was a huge hit. Dunno....just like the consistency and the nicely prepared and predictable Puck fare. Nothing flashy or cutting edge. Just nice and tasty at a decent price with a great location to people watch. I hope it never changes..............
3	I've always told myself I need to go to a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, so Spago happened to be the random early Monday dinner plans. I want to love this place, I do. The service IS good. The food IS good. It just doesn't stand out amongst the other options on the strip enough to warrant glowing reviews. And I've had tastier food for cheaper too. I ordered the wienershnitzel, made with korubuta pork; it was tasty and very traditionally prepared. Best shnitzel I've had in the States, but doesn't come close to anything I've had in Europe. It was served with a warm potato salad of just boiled warmed potatoes, fresh tomatoes and greens in a balsamic(?) vinagerette. There was also a lemony cream sauce served with the plate that I didn't really use. Overall an enjoyable, satisfying dish. If you can, I would order the salmon served with the cassoulet. The beans were perfectly cooked along with the salmon...both items that always get overcooked easily in my opinion but they were perfect. The bacon pieces in the cassoulet were delish, but I guess as I've mentioned before in other reviews, I'm a sucker for bacon... Everyone mentions the bread before the meal but I wasn't blown away. If you have been to any good bakery you have had bread that is just as good. Overall, I am glad to have visited because it's one more place off the checklist, however if given the option to go back I would prefer to try something new.
4	We were looking for a casual, delicious lunch and we found it at Spago.We were seated near the cafe patio, which made for good people-watching.  I could have made my meal out of the bread basket that arrived first, especially with the crispy parmesean crisps and the cherry walnut bread.But I did peel myself away to order a glass of wine (yummy $7 pino grigio--cheap compared to drinks I'd purchased that weekend) and the chicken salad sandwich.  The sandwich--filling, but not too much--came with kettle chips and a mixed green salad with a light vinaigrette.  It hit the spot.  Wish we'd had room for dessert; maybe next time.Our service was prompt and unobtrusive.  We definitely will be back.
5	-California roll with crab meat marinated in lemon vinegrette-Stir fried egg noodles shanghai style-Mederterranien sea bassThese were the three dishes I had the last time I was here.  Every time I go to Vegas, my husband and I make it a point to eat here.  It's just THAT good.  I love the bread tray that comes out each time, especially the cherry walnut bread with their butter.  The service here is top notch too.  I'd recommend any of the fish dishes, the steak dishes (if you are a meat eater), and their teas/desserts are freakin' bomb.  Sometimes, they'll even provide a nibblet of appetizer or dessert on the house!You just can't find their dishes anywhere else, and the ambiance, it makes every trip worth it.I think what really makes me love this place more is that it's my husband's and my 'date' place.
5	I went here with a gf as the other girls in out party didn't want to eat while in vegas, just party! Anyway, dragged a friend here and there was some porn stars having dinner there. The pornstars were awesome gals but the food was the highlight!! The best bread, and free range chicken ever!! Did, I say ever?   I love my food and damn they do an impeccable job executing Wolf Gang's vision. Please open one closer to me.  Spago is my new home away from home. I will have dinner every single visit until I die! Thank goodness for good food!
4	I thoroughly remember this place, and it's by far one of the best casual dining experiences you can buy in Las Vegas besides Bouchon.  For those not familiar with the restaurant scene in Vegas, Spago created the casual dining/fine dining and celebrity chef boom in Las Vegas.  Prior to Spago, nearly every hotel boasted about it's all you can eat prime rib and shrimp buffets.  Spago, when it opened in 91 or 92 (can't remember) transitioned Vegas from a quantity to a quality town.  So for those of you that have eaten at Joel Robuchon, Alex, Picasso, or any other casual/fine dining establishment, thank Spago.Okay, onto the actual review.My mom and I started off with fried calamari.  The calamari rings were fried to perfection, no greasiness whatsoever.  The rings were crunchy on the outside, yet moist and tender within.For my entree, the I had the braised beef short ribs, and my mom had the seafood risotto.  Both entrees were excellent, the short ribs I had were tender as expected and extremely flavorful.  My mom's risotto was also delicious.  It had the starchy consistency you'd expect from a risotto, yet the rice was still a perfect al dente.  There was also a medley of seafood to accompany her dish, too, which she thoroughly enjoyed.Taking my mom out, if she enjoys the place, so do I.****
4	This is a pretty regular stop for me in Vegas - the food is just consistently good, and I don't care that it is part of the Wolfgang Puck empire as such. It's been good since it open, and still is, though I recently found the service better on the "patio" at lunch than in the dining room during dinner. Food is still wide-ranging and creative, and the cherry walnut bread is divine. Our dinner guests commented that it was the best meal they had in Vegas; you can probably do better, but the tab will be significantly higher. I always order seasonal items or signature dishes, and think you can't go wrong asking a waiter for a tip or recommendation. They are very receptive to special requests or allergies. Consistently exceptional and worth a visit.
4	ok so I was pretty hesitant about trying a wolfgang puck place. The reason is because he seems to be so commercialized. But we were starving and i really wanted to raid the NIKE store so we decided to eat here. The menu is pretty decent, has a few options. I wanted something light so I had the Unagi glazed Salmon salad. It was perfectly dressed with just the right amount of dressing. The salmon was a little too cooked for me but the rest of the salad came together beautifully. Service is excellent and super attentive. Prices were reasonable also. It didn't blow me out of the water so 4 stars to that.
3	I usually eat in the Cafe for lunch - great pizzas, but today I came with my friend and her mom (both great company).  I came hungry (as usual) and was surprised to see how packed the place was considering it was a Tuesday night.  I can't really say much about the appearance of the restaurant except that the dining room reminded me of a modern-style cafeteria.  I started with ordering a peach bellini made with prosecco.  It was just your standard Bellini, but I did get a sip of my friend's Cosmo, which was sweet and good.  The bread platter arrived shortly after receiving our cocktails.  Breads offered were a cherry walnut, parmesan crisp, sourdough, and caramelized onion foccacia.  I opted for the parmesan crisp and the focaccia.  The foccacia was soft and doughy, it didn't even need any butter!  According to those who had a taste of the cherry walnut, it too was yummy.Our waiter took a while to take our order, but eventually I was able to get my request in for the English Pea Soup with lemon cream, the duck (split), and halibut (split).  Before our appetizers came out, we were served an amuse of a rich, creamy soup spiced with fennel and lemon.Next up was our appetizers.  My pea soup tasted like fresh spring peas with a touch of lemon and cream.  Very good.  Also note that all the Wolfgang Puck restaurants serve organic fare whenever possible, definitely a plus.Our entrees took a while after our appetizers were cleared, which was a little lame since we were starving.  But finally they arrived!  The duck was awesome, done rare served with a L'orange rhubarb sauce, semolina fondue, ciopollini, trumpet mushrooms, peas and turnips.  The halibut, with sauce rouille, was a little overdone and lacked flavor, but the seafood risotto on which it was served on was really good.  Lastly dessert.  We split the creme brulee and the chocolate dessert.  The brulee was not the usual (served in a ramekin and torched).  Instead it consisted of a custard atop a layer of phyllo dough and a sugar crisp.  Kudos for the attempt to deconstruct creme brulee, but I think I would have rather had a more traditional version.  The chocolate desert was served with a chocolate espresso ice cream which was melted by the time we were served, however it was still pretty good.  I didn't care too much for the moussey chocolate desert, but my friend ate it all, so I guess to each their own.All in all, Spago has pretty good food.  The reason for my 3 stars?  Service and timing was off.  Also some of the dishes could have been executed a little better.  Not too shabby though.Important:  Beware of the first and last step respectively to and from the bathroom.  I think I may have seen about 5 people eat concrete on the steps within the two hour time period I was there.
4	This was my first experience at Spago, but hopefully not the last.We ended up in the cafe for dinner, which was like sidewalk dining in the Forum.  It was nice to be able to people watch the sites in Vegas!Drinks were awesome, I would highly recommend the Pineapple Mojito, which was so gloriously yummy I couldn't stop at 1.For an appetizer, we tried the chicken lollipops (think chicken drumettes, partially cleaned down the the bone).  They were nice and crispy, with a nice kick to them.For dinner, we decided to share a pizza (italian sausage).  The crust was nice and thin, with a good share of sausage and carmelized onions.Overall, the food was very good.  The service on the other hand was not so good.  Our waitress had an attitude, from the time she filled our water glasses with about an inch of water, to asking for dinner orders when not all of us were there.
5	I rarely give out full 5's but I feel this place definitely lived up to it's reputation.  From the delicious food to the great service there was really nothing I could complain about.  We came with a group of 8 people and everyone seemed to have nothing but nice things to say about the experience.I ordered the organic chicken which came with potatoes and a medley of vegetables.  The chicken had goat cheese hidden in between the meat and the skin and was seasoned just right.  It was tender and flavorful.  My friend had the short ribs which melted in your mouth from how tender they were.  I also sampled the yellowfin ahi tuna.  DELICIOUS.  For desert we indulged in the banana nutella crepe.  It was seriously a piece of heaven.  If you come here I HIGHLY recommend this.
5	a little FYI you can get coupons to this place with tix4tonight,Last time I went this place had hands down the most subtle and flavorful ravioli I've ever had... and I hate ravioli. Don't think they have it anymore, but still it shows they pay attention to the details in their food.Highly recommend it. IMO best meal for your money mid-strip.
3	My personal opinion:Go to see and be seen... The service was great, though a little snooty. The portions were trendy (meaning smaller) for the price. The food was great but it is nothing I will crave down the road. My husband got the steak and said it was a very good steak but didn't have much flavor. There were only limited vegetarian options nothing memorable.
5	Year after year I return like a homing pigeon or sea turtle to the same shore and, year after year, I'm never disappointed!! I've had everything on the menu twice and recommend it all. Luckily they do change the menu items. Love the French fries and lollipop buffalo wings....mouth orgasm!!
5	We wanted to eat at a nice restaurant on the Strip, and Spago seemed like a good choice. Plus, I want to see how a Wolfgang Puck restaurant is like! We made a reservation through Opentable for 7pm, but the place was not crowded. You could sit either towards the mall or further inside the restaurant. A six course tasting menu is available for $95, but we ended up ordering a la carte.We received a complimentary amuse bushe of carrot soup from the chef. Mm.. the soup was creamy and had a deep carrot flavor.The bread is outstanding! A server walks to your table and shows you a tray of bread. Wow.. it's a bread galore for carb lovers. I ended up getting one of everything since I wanted to try it all! I love the flatbread since it is so crispy. For the appetizer, we ordered the Trio of Tuna. This dish is highly recommended if you love sashimi! Wow! The tuna was extremely fresh and each one had a great flavor. YUM! I could have ordered two of these appetizers. You can easily share this appetizer with another person as each type of tuna came with two pieces. The dish had the following tuna:  1) Hamachi 2) Yellowfin sashimi 3) Big Eye Tuna Tartare My hubby ordered the Roasted Half Free Range Organic Chicken with goat cheese stuffed underneath the skin, wild mushrooms, and potatoes. He never orders chicken at a restaurant, but he missed eating chicken during the Vegas trip! He said that this is one of the best chicken dishes that he has eaten. He loved the chicken dish since skin was crispy and had goat cheese stuffed under the skin. The portion was generous!I ordered the Pan Seared Duck Breast with morel mushrooms, peas, carrots, glazed cherries. The duck breast was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was delicious. I wish the portion size was a larger for the price since the chicken dish was huge.Service was very attentive. The waiter wanted us to have the best dining experience and always checked up on us.
5	I said I'd be back, and here we are. We got super lucky and got James as our waiter again! That guy is just incredible! He should teach classes on how to be a great waiter. He is funny and attentive, but also knowledgeable.I had the Chicken Sausage pizza. Boy had the pancetta-wrapped meatloaf. He was debating about what to get, and James told him "If you don't like the meatloaf, I'll get you something different in 3 minutes."  But thankfully, the meatloaf was delicious, my pizza was great.Can't wait to go back to Spago.
5	Honestly, this is probably my favorite restaurant in the world. I try to get to Vegas once a year, and this is the one restaurant I always visit. The staff is very nice, and I love the atmosphere and the location in Caesars Forum Shops. A table in the patio section, which juts out into Forum is a great place to people watch. I always say I want to try the dinning room, where I've never been, but I just like dining in the patio section too much.I was there on a Tuesday evening in June, 2010. I had the English Pea soup, and the Mesquite Grilled New York Strip, which came with Zucchini, Caramelized Onions, Bone Marrow Crushed Fingerling Potatoes and Armagnac Peppercorn Sauce. It was delicious, just like everything else I've ever had there. If you like it here, you may want to try the Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill at MGM, a nice place for late night dining after a show.
1	SPAGO at the Forum Shops Las Vegas.We decided to come here for Father's Day lunch.  I was disappointed to say the least.The service was shoddy and the food was crap (considering what we paid). We started with the Chicken Lollipops and Calamari.  The lollipops were cute, but bland and served with a watered down bleu cheese dressing.  The calamari was not as disappointing, but I have had better.I ordered the Pancetta-wrapped meatloaf... dry and under-seasoned.He had the Kobe Burger... greasy, overdone, and extremely crumbly.  I had a bite and half the burger broke off and fell into a greasy pile on the plate.My daughter's chicken fingers were probably the best tasting item on our table that afternoon... and i should hope so at $15 for a lunch time kid's meal.Dessert was a disaster.We ordered the Pineapple abomination; their take on Pineapple Upside-Down Cake a la mode, I suppose.  It was a square of dry, crumbly yellow cake topped with 3 preparations of pineapple, all sitting a top a pile of mint and mystery nut "pesto".  The best part was likely the lime-coconut sorbet.I wish I remembered the servers name so that I could rip him a new one in this forum.  The hostess sat us in a corner (probably due to our 2 1/2 year old? i dunno) where we were ignored/forgotten for maybe ten minutes. After our order was taken we were ignored for the remainder of our meal.  No server stopped to see how everything was or if everything tasted OK.  He didn't even offer us dessert, he just assumed we wanted the check.  It wasn't until the end of the meal that he struck up a conversation, "Hey, where are you guys visiting from?"  I told him we lived here and my companion cut me off and carried on the conversation knowing some smart-ass comment was bubbling up inside of me.  As soon as the guy found out where we worked he was our best friend! "OMG! That would be my dream job! Let me take the dessert off! I didnt know you were locals!" Not the type to be patronized I politely declined and we were on our way.NEVER AGAIN.
5	The wife and I ate here on our first trip to Las Vegas before we got married. I can still taste the ground pork and ginger pot stickers, drizzled with a soy glaze and thinly sliced scallions.  This is were we both fell in love with sushi, and for  good reasons. It was here where we dared to use chopsticks, and haven't looked back since. Thanks Wolfgang,  it was at your restaurant where are love for dining started together.
4	We have actually been here before about a year ago, so I guess I just forgot to write a review for it! Anyways, this place is right in the middle of the Forum Shops in Caesar's, so it can get a bit noisy, but its a nice place to people watch too! Service here is always spot on and much appreciated! I ordered the steak quesadilla, hubby had lamb chorizo pizza, and hubby's work buddy had greek pizza! If I would have been a bit more hungry I would have went with a pizza myself because they are delish, but my quesadilla did the trick. Spago is moderately priced and is a nice choice for lunch or dinner. If you go for a lunch they will seat you towards the front of the restaurant like on a patio. I imagine if you went for dinner they will seat you towards the back of the restaurant to give you more of a private dining experience! A must go while your in Vegas if you ask me!
4	Spago's is a great casual/fine dining restaurant. Unlike some of the other casual/fine dining restaurants you'll find in Vegas, they didn't have a super strict dress code which was an added bonus for us since we had just come from tanning at the pool and weren't in the dressiest of clothes. They started us out with a complimentary bread basket that had a variety of breads including focaccia, bread sticks, raisin bread and more as well as three different dips for the bread: butter, olive oil with rosemary, and sea salt. All of the breads were delicious, I could have gobbled them all up and asked for seconds, but I wanted to save room for my entree.For lunch entrees, I had the Spago Pancetta-Wrapped Meatloaf which was honest to God the best meatloaf I've ever had. The meatloaf had a smooth texture and the meat they had selected for the meat loaf made a difference in quality and taste. The pancetta didn't seem to enhance the meatloaf but it didnt take away from the dish too.My friend ordered the Pappardelle Pasta A La Bolognaise that slightly reminded me of a gourmet version of Chef Boyardee's lasagna and meat, but obviously better. The braised beef pieces were super tender and the plentiful ricotta pieces well appreciated. Another nice thing about this entree was that the entree didn't leave either of us feeling stuffed and heavy after we devoured it, like pastas usually do. Service and ambiance were pleasant. I'd definitely dine at Spago's again in the future.
4	I shared the chopped salad, which was just lots of different veggies chopped into small cubes - it was really good - crunchy and fresh, with a good variety of flavors. We also shared the chorizo pizza, which was pretty good as well, but I'd prefer to try something else if I went back.
4	Food was amazing the lettuce wedges were to die for
4	After a long day of shopping and walking, Spago was an impulsive yet unregrettable choice for  our lunch time meal.We immediately sat down and was served a bread basket with a variety of bread and dipping sauces. The bread was filling, crispy and fresh. I loved the texture of the focaccia bread with the smoothness of the olive oil and the kick of the sea salt - simple yet delightful.For my main meal I ordered the Lamb Chorizo Wood-Fire Pizza with Goat Cheese. It was like a Pepperoni pizza, remixed gourmet style! Gobs of goat cheese on a fresh tomato base, with a smattering of the Lamb Chorizo slices. Warm, gooey and tangy - everything a decent pizza should be. The crust had that burnt, smoky texture that's indicative of the wood fire stove. It was soft, with a nice bite to it. Would I order it again? Absolutely.  I honestly cannot wait to come here again and sample more of Wolfgang's cuisine. :) = happiness!!
4	I took my family of 5 here, wow, service was excellent, bread amazing, proscuito flat bread brilliant, pasta dishes excellent, kids were were very happy....wine great...best in Vegas yet, would of been 5 star, but desert was ok, the server Karen introduced us to the chef,who is french and very charming...all round a great experience...try it you will feel special
5	Great Caesar salad.  Wolfgang's restaraunt is great!
5	wow the chef menu was yummy the chef is even better. my bf didnt want to eat the tasting menu with me but the chef got him too :) plus the service was great hehe my favorite part was the dessert and the oysters yum!
4	I LOVE Spago in Los Angeles.  I didn't expect to hit it up in Las Vegas but we did so for lunch.The lunch burgers and pizza are good.  The bread is good as well.  The prices are reasonable for lunch. Much better than the other places I hit up for lunch.Recommended for lunch.
4	My second Wolfgang Puck restaurant in two nights was better than the first.  I remember Spago when they were in the Bay Area.  I went there for my birthday and ordered the Pad Thai.  Yes I ordered the Pad Thai at Spago and it ended up being the best I ever had.  Coming in I had high expectations. To start off, I thought the restaurant is reasonably priced, especially in Vegas.  When we got there it was relatively empty and so we got a table of our choice.  I definitely recommend sitting in the open area so you can watch all the people walk by and it's not as stuffy as the inside.  We ordered corn soup, grilled octopus, halibut, and steak.  My friend said the steak was very good and so was my halibut.  The soup and the grilled octopus were also delicious but I think I've had better grilled octopus in other places.  The one downside of the octopus was it had too many beans.  It was mixed in a bed of beans and since I'm not a fan of beans, it all went to waste.  Because the restaurant was relatively empty, the food came out as fast as mickey d's which I wasn't too thrilled about.  When you're having a business dinner and want to be able to chat for as long as possible, it's probably not a good idea to send the food out so quickly.  Also for the price of the restaurant, I thought they would have paced themselves however that didn't happen.  We skipped dessert since we were full so I can't give any comments on it.I've always wanted to try the Spago at the Forum Shops and I'm glad I did.  It was a great place to eat at and I'm sure I'll be back again.
4	One of the best places to have a casual meal while shopping at the Forum.Prices were very reasonable and the waitress and chef were very accommodating of dietary restrictions in our party.
5	Spago at the Forum Shops is one of my favorite lunch destinations.  We love to sit outside at the cafe and people watch. I was there this week and my favorite smoked salmon pizza was not on the menu.  No problem!  The kitchen prepared one for me and it was heaven!  Great waiter, great service, wonderful drinks and food!  I'm never disappointed at Spago.
4	The food here is good. The chef Eric Klein has put together some a delicious combination of flavors. We stopped here for a pizza (lamb chorizo) ($15) and the beef bolognaise ($20). The pizza was really good, though the 'braised beef' bolognaise was really braised ground beef. I had expected more...The seasonal menu looked amazing, but was a little more than we wanted to spend that night ($20-40 an entree).
5	This place is over the top amazing food, but what do you expect, it's Spago.  Great wines, seafood, short ribs...everything was exceptional.  It's a great place to overly entertain your guests on the strip.
3	If you want your typical overpriced, mediocre Vegas meal, then Spago is the place for you. Don't get me wrong, the service is great, but the food portions are microscopic, pricey, and average at best. There are much better WP options in the area.
4	My wife's cousin held their wedding reception here in the private dining room upstairs. Delicious food and terrific service. Hand passed appetizers in the beginning were all very good...mushroom and salmon pizza, crab cakes, rack of lamb were all excellent. The three course lunch consisted of a delicious mushroom soup, perfectly cooked and tender steak or yummy salmon, and to finish a banana bread dessert.It's not everyday you get to eat like this, so we certainly enjoyed the occasion.
4	Known as the Flagship Restaurant of the World Renowned Celebrity Chef Wolfgang Puck. Located at the Caesars Forum Shops between those Classy Import Designer Stores, it just fits right in..Having High Expectations of this place, I came with an open mind or more like an open mouth and empty stomach. I've actually had both lunch and dinner here. Greek Pizza: Fresh, "Zesty" (had a "Zing" to it) and bursts flavors from the Greek IsleMesquite Grilled Prime Filet Mignon: The Filet itself did not exceed my expectations but rather just satisfied my urge for Filet. The zucchini, onions and tomatoes were worthy. The Potaotes were alright, not all that great. The Bone Marrow was the Superstar on the plate! I love that tiny scooping spoon that they expect you to use.. The marrow was rich, slippery, fatty, oilyand had a concentrated beefy broth flavor!Oh So Delicious!! Forget the dessert give me another one of these, Please! (Careful, if your worried about your figure or if you don't work out.. Eat it Easy..)Spago Pancetta - Wrapped  Meatloaf: Not bad, not bad at all.. Now this was a dish that had some thought put into it. The Meatloaf  had a mild but complex flavor that didn't remind me of a traditional home cooked meatloaf, rather an Excellently Executed Gourmet Meatloaf. Every bite with the potato, loaf, gravy and sauce was Absolutely Mesmerizing! Now, this is what I'm talking about!Spaghettini T.B.G: Sometimes Little is More.. Tomatoes, Basil, Garlic, extra virgin olive oil and pistou (garlic, fresh basil and olive oil) = Simply Perfect!Overall, I was not swept of my feet but I'm definitely a fan
4	I always wanted to try Spago, so once we landed, hailed a taxi, I said let's go for lunch!It was a very white tablecloth, fancy place, though for lunch, people dressed very casually.We started with an array of bread, crunchy soft, different butters.  I munched on the parmesan crispy bread.  I ordered the spaghettini and added shrimp.  They bring out this huge portion of spaghetti cooked perfectly, tossed with a basil, tomato sauce that tasted it was just started that morning and cooked all day.  And I got 3 huge grilled shrimp on the side.  The pasta was so flavorful I was already thinking about what to order there the next time we're in Vegas.  He got the Thai chicken salad.  The half portion was plenty for lunch.  Only the best chicken pieces were used.  He said it was wonderful.  It was topped with a nice ginger vinaigrette and absolutely the best value for $9 and he was full with a few pieces of bread.This was one of the best lunches we've had in Vegas, and if you go to Spago for lunch, you are still getting the great quality you expect for dinner for a lot less.
4	The thing that made this restaurant memorable was our waiter. The dining was not very busy and he made us feel very welcome. He was very friendly, approachable and knowledgable about the food. We had the prosciutto salad and the beet salad. Both were well prepared. The beets tasted like they were lightly pickled which made this dish a little different from most beet salads I've tried. Entrees were shortribs and halibut. Both were tasty although I felt that my halibut was a tad dry and overcooked. The shortribs here beat out the ones I had at CUT in LA. They had a tinge more winey-ness to them. Dessert was good but the savory part or the meal stood out.
5	Wanted to pick up a nice quick meal at a celebrity restaurant, but didn't have too much time.Went here and was really impressed. I had the cafe menu and had the Unagi glazed Scottish salmon salad.  Was really wonderfully cooked, great flavors with the shiso, avocado and all the other elements.  Hit the spot perfectly.The bread assortment was super tasty too.  And to wash it down I had a nice non alcoholic drink called the red velvet.  It was raspberry based and it was so good, I ordered two.Got out for lunch around $36 with tip.  A real bargain for incredible quality and service.Can't wait to eat there for dinner.
3	Every time I make it to Vegas I try to swing by Spago. The food is always consistently good to great. I last had the chicken cordon bleu and Thai salad for lunch and they were both perfect. I've also never had a bad gourmet pizza or cocktail. Service is generally good, although the hostess was pretty rude this last time.It gets incredibly busy at Spago, so you're always better off calling ahead for a reservation. Otherwise, your best bet is to find a seat at the bar (same food menu). The location in Caesar's Forum shops is ideal, especially if you're there for a show at the coliseum.Enjoy!
5	Wasting time in Vegas will get you into trouble OR find culinary awesomeness. I ordered a non-alcoholic drink called the Raspberry Velvet, very un Vegas like of me. But oh well. It was a piece of heaven. Raspberry puree with lime juice and seltzer. so refreshing!For starters I had a small Thai chicken salad that was a mish-mash of all sorts of itty bitty ingredients including some flowers, it too was fresh tasting, and the chicken was moist as well. very pleased. Then i had the margherita pizza to go. It was good, but the dough was a little thicker than what i'm used to, but still really very good. Then later the same night, I had a big dinner with 10 from work. It was a great evening. The staff was really great, they helped out with one gluten free eater. This waiter was on his game. he was really truly wonderful and the meals were really very good. the top dishes were the red snapper, the pizzas, the braised short ribs with homemade gnocchi, and the desserts were pretty good too. the earl grey ice cream knocked me off my feet. I could have eaten that all day. i've made things with tea flavors and it can be difficult to achieve a strong flavor. This was gooood stuff.
4	I stopped in for dinner with a colleague after finding the wait at a nearby restaurant too long. It was about 6:30 and we were seated immediately. Our waiter was great - extremely attentive. And between the waiter and the rest of the wait staff our water glasses were never empty.The food itself was very tasty. I stopped short of giving it five stars because I wasn't completely blown away by the food, but it was very good. I had a Thai Chicken Salad as an appetizer and received a good sized portion. This was followed up by an entree of lobster over a bed of risotto. The lobster was cooked well and flavorful, and the risotto had a nice mixture of wild mushrooms and sauce. All in all a really enjoyable meal at a reasonable price (for the Vegas Strip).
5	Spago is tucked away inside the Forum shops, and I'm not a big fan of dining in malls, but Spago is not a mall restaurant.  Of course Forum shops are not just any mall, but many of the dining options are run of the mill.  Girlfriend and I went on a quiet night and had the best dining experience.  The service was perfect, very attentive waiter who didn't hover over us, but was at the ready every time we needed him.  The food was amazing, even better than I had expected.  Given Puck's empire, I thought this would be an "average" dining experience for Vegas, and we were happily surprised.  I had the roasted chicken (best ever) and girlfriend had the halibut.  We shared everything, sampling off eachother's plates.  We also ordered different salads so we could each try, which I highly recommend.  The pear and fig salad was excellent.Highly recommended.  Dress up, leave the kids with the nanny, and go to Vegas and eat at Spago!
5	So it's Thanksgiving, and I have no family out this way.  I was content to stay home when I started to get the blues, so I figured I'm going out for an early dinner.  While I am not thrilled about going to Forum Shops, I have always wanted to check this place out, so here I am.  The patio looked a bit too *lively* for my taste, so I asked to be seated in the dining room.  I must have come on "mom takes her 2 daughters out" day because there were literally 3 sets in my elevated dining room section.  There were many sets of tourist as well.  I enjoyed that the atmosphere of this place it is classy yet accessible.As soon as I was seated, I was asked what I would like to drink.  This time my water was kept on a silver platter on my table.  Nice touch, but I would have preferred it kept on ice. (I know. I'm spoiled.)  In fact, they weren't too on top of the "let me refill it for you" thing.  When my waiter made his way to my table, I asked him if they had a Thanksgiving special.  They did, and he gave me a very informative description of the courses.  I told him I would take it.  He offered it a la cart instead of the full menu.  I had to assure him that I wanted the full menu.The Butternut Quash Soup with Cranberry Quince-Apple Chutney, Candied Walnuts,Cardamom Cream and Pumpkin Seed Oil  was amazing.  Never have had that dish before, but it really did taste like Thanksgiving.  The bread course was certainly one of the best that I've had.  The main course was Roasted Free Range Turkey Roulade with Pretzel Bread Stuffing Knodel, Green Bean Casserole, Sweet Potato Puree with Brown Sugar, Yellowfin Mash Potato, Cranberry-Apple Chutney, Bay-Leave and Clove Turkey Au Jus.  I cleared my plate.  In fact my waiter came back by and saw it, smiled, and said, "Wow. Good Job."  It really made me feel a whole lot better... then I began to think that this was one of the best dinners I have had.  I was thankful that even though it was impossible to go home to family, it was not impossible to enjoy a wonderful dinner.  I had espresso and perused the dessert menu but nothing caught my eye.All in all, this was one of the best dining experiences I have had in Vegas... I really wish that there was something remotely comparable off of the Strip.  In fact, I plan on returning to see if this was a fluke or if this place is the real deal.
4	First off, I think it is critical to note that Spago Vegas is really nothing like the original Spago in LA. In fact, in a lot of ways, it's pretty much an entirely different restaurant - food quality, menu, atmosphere, decor, etc. However, that said, Spago Vegas is still a great place. (Just don't think you've been to THE Spago because you went to Spago Vegas.)For me, I prefer Spago Vegas as a lunch spot and like to sit on the patio or at the bar, as opposed to in the main dining room.Oddly enough, my favorite thing here is actually the wings. Yep, the wings. They're these little drummettes that are just absolutely heavenly. Just the right amount of spice and vinegar. And a scrumptious blue cheese sauce for dipping.Ok, and the pizzas, pastas, and salads are great too. And ok, pretty much everything else is good too. And the cocktails are excellent. I am big fan of the pineapple mojito.And the best part is that locals get 20% off their entire check. Huge props for that. (This locals offer holds true for most of Wolfgang Puck's restaurants in Vegas.)
5	I have to say....I was quite surprised with this restaurant....in a good way mind you....I tried another of Wolfgang's restaurants in California and thought they were subpar.....but this place was really effin good! Pardon my french haha...Drinks were well made....had this Drunken Pumpkin martini...really hit the holiday spirit....nice and tasty....but it also had that hint of a dessert...As for the entree....I had this Unagi Glazed Salmon Salad.....really tasty.....everything was cooked perfectly....We went to lunch so prices weren't so bad....but even the dinner menu didn't seem so expensive...Really amazing food....give it a go!
3	The food here was average when you consider the price you're paying. Don't be lured Into a false sense of satisfaction just because you're sat in a Puck restaurant. Service was good but not perfect, very friendly but not enough waiting staff to efficiently cover all the tables. Would not rush back here, there's plenty of other choice nearby.
4	It's Spagos. While not quite as ritzy as its Beverly Hills sibling, the creative cuisine never fails to please. I had braised short ribs in a red wine mustard sauce the fell apart under my fork.
4	Fantastic!  The portions are small but the flavors are perfect.  Went with coworkers while working in Las Vegas.  We happened to be in Ceasars Forum Shops and stopped here for dinner.  The place was near empty on a Wednesday night and we were treated to impeccable service.  The chef even came out to say hello a few times.  I honestly dont' remember what we all ordered but EVERYTHING was better than good.  Trust your server's recommedations as they never steered us wrong.  Even with drinks they nailed it.  We had a seasonal pumpkin martini that was so good we all asked for the recipe.  The chef hand wrote it and had it delivered to our table!  Even though Spago is no longer the trendy spot, they still got it.
5	Had the best meatloaf of my life at this place. Great ambiance and drinks. Highly recommend it!!
4	All we needed was a yummy snack, and Spago absolutely delivered for a reasonable price. All we got were the oysters and the lamb chorizo pizza. Yummy yummy and perfect portions. I absolutely loved the presentation of the oysters. It made me very happy. It was actually my first time having oysters and I thought they were delicious. The ginger was perfect and the oysters tasted fresh like the sea. I don't think the pictures do it justice.
4	My boyfriend and I came here for one of his many birthday dinners in Vegas. We did not have reservations so we sat at the bar and had a couple of drinks for about 15 minutes before our table was ready. The bar tender was quick to get us our drinks and was very attentive.We were sat outside in the mall area. The boyfriend and I are major people watchers and I guess it was prom night for some local high school. We watched countless girls no older than 17 parade around looking like whores. Needless to say we had a good amount of laughs. The bread basket was enough food that we didn't need to order appetizers. For two people, it was seriously bread overkill. What I did appreciate was UNSALTED butter offered with a side of coarse sea salt on the side. This is exactly what I do at home. I'm a butter snob and I refuse to touch salted butter unless there are no other available options.I ordered the spaghettini, which was delicious. Very simple, but done the from-scratch way, therefore perfection.My boyfriend ordered the half roasted chicken on mashed potatoes. His was very simple but also delicious. I love restaurants like Spago, that offer some really classic and simple dishes but made with high quality ingredients with very high standards. The potions were large as well and well priced. There are other things on the menu I'd like to try, so I suppose on my next Vegas trip I'll be stopping in again.
5	Big fan of Wolfgang - he knows what people like and want to eat.  We sat in the dining room.  The main menu is for omnivores - I don't think there was 1 vegetarian option as a main entree.  I requested to hear some vegetarian options, and the waiter brought me the cafe menu, which had the spaghettini, pizza, and other veggie options.  I ended up getting the classic chopped vegetable salad - it was so fresh and yummy and just perfectly seasoned.  For my main entree, I got the spaghettini T.B.G. - one of the best pastas I've had.  My previous favorite pasta was the spaghettini from Wolfgang's Postrio restaurant in the Venetian. His pastas have incredible texture and the flavors are simply amazing. Service was exceptional - we arrived early for our reservation and were seated right away, and the waiters were friendly and attentive.
3	My buds and I just weren't as wow-ed as Wolfgang should have made us. Oh... and by buds, I'm referring to my taste buds. (Puh-lease. I don't have friends. What were you thinking?)The complementary bread basket was admittedly a very good bread basket. Three types of bread peeked out of the bread cone and were served alongside of olive oil, butter, and sea salt. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LwQB9H3jZ9wTk24Lr-AnZQ?select=jZoe75G5Z7xcJ_j3BZfFowThe calamari was served with a side bed of marinated cucumbers and hearts of palm in coriander vinaigrette and with garlic aioli and sweet chili dipping sauces. The skin wasn't too thick, but it didn't taste like anything special. The garlic aioli wasn't really my style, but at least the sweet chili dipping sauce was good. (Although it could have used more kick to it as there was virtually none.) I did enjoy the marinated cucumbers and hearts of palm on the side, but it wasn't enough to really wow me. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LwQB9H3jZ9wTk24Lr-AnZQ?select=bROyHh3fUqgE-SSgKP1VIwThe unagi glazed scottish salmon salad over romaine lettuce, daikon radish, shiso, avocado, celeric remoulade, steamed jasmine rice, and Japanese vinaigrette was probably my favorite dish. Really! If this had been all that I had tasted, it would have been a 4 or 5 star review. It was light, had a good variety of flavor in each bite, and the tastes melded together beautifully. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LwQB9H3jZ9wTk24Lr-AnZQ?select=pcRNNrnrlyAaFUKW8ZR_mgThe disappointment of the afternoon (other than not eating at my first choice, Mesa Grill) was the wood fired mushroom pizza. It was covered with roasted portabella mushrooms, caramelized white onions, Italian parsley, and parmesan cheese. The mushroom flavor was strictly confined to the bites with mushroom directly on it, which I understand, but I expected the flavor to extend beyond just a little bit. Maybe it was having the parmesan cheese melted as the one and only cheese, but it just wasn't my style. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LwQB9H3jZ9wTk24Lr-AnZQ?select=sx7d_nf9JyNQXQDILFchbAOverall, I wasn't impressed. The prices were pretty reasonable, especially given the location in the middle of Caesar's forum shops. I'd suggest that you specifically read other reviews for the dishes - maybe my family just ordered the "wrong" ones.
4	Oh apparently this place is really popular! Had no idea.  I was pretty hungry and ready to eat after walking around and decided on this place to eat for lunch.  There was about a 10 minute wait and we were seated outside.  It was a great place to sit because we were facing the shops and were able to people watch.  Its always funny to catch people look at your food. Okay the complimentary bread basket was sooo good.  We literally had 3 of them.  In the bread bowl there is a variety of breads and crackers and you can dip them into these 3 different condiments which was butter, olive oil, and salt.  Not sure how the salt worked and didn't use that. Its pretty fancy here so I felt underdressed for lunch but a lot of people looked casual as well.  I'd say a good place to dress up for dinner tho. I got the Skirt Steak quesadilla and it was soo good! The steak was great and the salsa, guacamole and sour cream made it so delicious. I'd be down to try the other Wolfgang place for sure.
5	Whoa... This place is so good! We came here with no reservations and they sat us no problem. We had trouble deciding on which restaurant we should eat at, but we definitely made the right decision. This place is so nice, the waiters are very professional. We got some delicious leek soup as an amuse bouche. This was so good, I wanted to lick the little cup. We got an array of really good breads with sea salt, olive oil, butter, and other herbs. Ohhh so good. I ordered the new york steak, which was excellent! It came with this crazy potato cheese fondue stuff that was unlike anything I've ever had before. My boyfriend's food was even better than mine though. He got the braised short ribs. They had this delicious sauce on them that had mustard flavor and was a little spicy. It was served on top of some of the lightest most fluffy gnocchi I have had. I want to go eat there every time i'm in vegas.
5	Eating at the Spago cafe is in my opinion a vegas must.  Great people watching.  Good for your prestige.  Text people back home: "sorry man. Cant make it your dinner.  In vegas. Having lunch at spago this very second :-) "But in a nutshell, the food is excellent here.  Puck is only one who can spit out a wood/brick fired pizza and get it right.....crisp all the way through, lite on the cheese and sauce.  And no one does Salad better than Puck. Anywhere.  You order 2 Salads, and a pizza(its 12"), and you will be most happy with your lunch/Dinner.  Pizza, 2 salads, 2 soft drinks, tax, tip=$60-65....Not cheap, but to eat at spago, and eat quality, in vegas, not so bad
5	My tastebuds are tingling just thinking about that delicious Thai Style Chicken Salad I had at Spago. It was deceivingly simple: cabbage, bean sprouts, carrots, sesames, cashews, pea shoots, radicchio, chicken...none of the ingredients were out of this world but somehow with the magic that is Wolfgang Puck and his powerhouse of restaurant awesomeness I found myself wanting to lick the bowl clean. Why? Because the chicken wasn't just chicken - it was so perfectly cooked: tender, moist, delicious. The cashews had a delightful crispiness with a spicy seasoning. All the veggies were cut so beautifully so that I could get a forkful of everything all combining with the perfect textures and flavors. And the dressing...oh that dressing....can I bathe in it? Would that be unsanitary? Because honestly, dress me up and down in that ginger vinaigrette and call me dirty. I'll be ok with that. Aside from the salad we also shared the lamb chorizo pizza and skirt steak quesadilla. No words. The pizza was beautiful - nice light crust with a slight char on it to give it that smoky flavor. All combined with a tangy goat cheese, sweet sundried tomatoes and...oh dear...here comes another wave of tingling tastebuds....Suffice to say it was all delicious.If you want to see their current menu:http://www.wolfgangpuck.com/content/files/foodmenu_SLV%20Lunch%20revised.pdfAnd yes, as others have said, the breadbasket was yum. My favorite was the cherry/nut bread! We actually asked for a second bread basket with just that bread!Also - if you can help it - come at lunch! You won't have to wait...We came at lunch, got seated immediately and had the best service.  They knew before I knew that our soda had to get refilled bringing out a fresh glass of soda to replace the dwindling one. All in all - yes yes yes!! And side note - for $2 you can go to Tix4Tonight (several locations throughout the strip) to get a discount (something like 10% off your meal). It didn't make a huge dent in our bill (saved us something like $5) but if you're doing dinner or a big lunch then definitely get that.And if anyone knows where I can take Spago Thai Vinaigrette showers please message me. I won't judge you as long as you don't judge me.
4	Food so nice we ate there twice.It was just what the Roman Gods ordered. We were seated at one of the outside tables so that we could people watch while we ate. The medley of bread was a nice preview at to what was coming next. I was not wowed at all by the very weak cocktail I was served, but I guess they figure that everyone gets their booze while gambling (which I don't do). I could have eaten the Buffalo chicken "Lollipops"  all day long, but I didn't want to be the guy that have 10 orders of Buffalo Wingettes coming to his table. The Thai Salad was also perfection. The Pizzas were a "10" as was the Short Rib Pasta dish. If you find yourself strolling through The Forum Shops and needing a little snack. "Go" to Spago!!!
4	Great location in the middle of the Forum shops, a perfect place to give your poor dogs a rest and people watch. The food is good - not great, but good. I had soup and bread with my wine, others had pizza and said it was yummy. This place is a little on the expensive side, but that goes with the name. Then again, everything is on the expensive side in Vegas! Sit outside and enjoy the free show.
5	I just had possibly the best meal I've ever had at Spago in the Forum Shops at Ceasar's Palace.  I live near L.A., so I've always heard of the Spago here and how amazing it is, but I've never been there.  So this weekend, my fiancee and I decided to splurge a little and ended up trying the tasting menu at Spago. All I can say is YUM!  Each course was small, but delicious.  We tried things we never would have ordered and we are so glad we did!  I'd say the three best courses were the Apple Salad, the Black Truffle Oil Spaghettini and the Braised Spare Ribs. They all melted in my mouth.  The service was great.  We were seated right away without a reservation.  Plus, you can get the full menu sitting out on the patio or "cafe" side. Several times thoughout our meal, the chef came out to check on us.  At the end we gave him a great big thank you!  I am a new convert to tasting menus.  Try all the chef's specialties at once, then you'll know what to order next time. It's expensive, but the splurge is worth it once in a while.  :)
5	This review is only for the bar. Came here before dinner at the Palms to kill time. They have very reasonable prices of wine and selection. The martinis were very nice as well. The bartender even comped a glass of scotch because they ran out of the one i requested. Very nice place and bartender was a nice fellow.
4	Their pizza is a tease. It got to me. So light, crisp, thin crust. Or maybe it was the basil that enticed me?Either way, I enjoyed this venue because of our amazing waiter. He was so friendly and helpful. I wanted to order something off of the cafe menu instead of the dinner menu - which was not a problem. I had the Salmon Salad - requested it to not be too cooked- also not a problem. I was not feeling too well and he made me hot water and lemon and guaranteed it would make me feel better. And, maybe it was psychological or his nice actions but I definitely started to feel better and the headache was slowly going away...
5	Another Extraordinary dining experience @ Spago. Finally tried the meatloaf....Wow. Mom didnt make it like this :-) I love this place.Great service by Tom Kehoe, a Cubs fan no less.
2	Isn't Wolfgang Puck known for his pizza? I ordered a pepperoni pizza, which you would think was simple enough, and it came out looking like a grease pie. It was covered in that orange grease and the plate was soaked with it.
5	In the heart of Caesar's Palace... Yes yes the REAL Caesar's Palace... in Las Vegas at least.Ate here a few years ago, and I don't understand why I don't come back here more often! The fact I still remember what I had from there, shows how good it is. Two distinct things I remember is their appetizer flat Italian pizza. So so good! And I also got their REAL Kobe beef sliced... forgot what it was called, but it literally melted in my mouth. Both of these are not in their current Winter menu, so it must be their Summer menu since I went in May? Anyways both dishes highly recommended! If it still exists...
4	Went here for a friend's birthday dinnerPros - totally awesome decor and ambiance.  Loved the feel of the place.  The food was phenomenal, at least the food I ate.  I ordered this apple, fennel salad that came with prosciutto, mozzarella and goat cheeses and lightly drizzled with some sort of vinegarette (*spelling) sauce.  I was impressed with the presentation and, of course, with the taste.   Portion-wise it was perfect for me!  I ate it all and left satisfied; I did NOT feel bloated or full. However, my friend, the birthday boy, didn't stomach the pepperoni pizza and had some complications the next day.  So I guess... don't order the pizza.   My husband got the pasta bolognese - I had several bites and it was just as spectacular as the pizza.  Cons - Floor was waxed too much... and the bathroom is on the second floor.  So if you have to use the restroom, don't hold it in too long.  Also,  I saw three women on different occasions walk down the slick steps from the bathroom and they ate it hard, especially with those heels they were rocking!  Anyway, they should consider putting in non-slip pads on the floor if they are gonna shine the floors like that.  Overall - what matters is the food and it's sooo worth every penny!PS set a reservation, it helps!
5	I had the most amazing experience at Spago last week. Thanks to the Chef who came out and talked with us.  The Dover Sole was amazing and the desserts were tasty!It is one of the better restaurants anywhere, so what is there to complain about?
5	I went here for dinner and I absolutely loved it! The atmosphere was so nice. The waiters were so attentive. And, the food was awesome. I had the lamb chops and my friend had the filet mignon. They both tasted amazing! And, before they brought out the dishes, we had all the bread they offered, which tasted really good. And, then the waiter brought us tomato bisque, which he said was compliments of the chef. Even that tasted great! For dessert, we had the pineapple polenta and the root beer bon bon. The pineapple dessert was very light and fresh whereas the root beer dessert was very rich and decadent. Loved them both. For drinks, I had the ginger drop, which was one of the best drinks I've ever had. The bill was really expensive, but well worth it. If you want to try this place, you have to be willing to spend the money.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Atmosphere: Inside the Forum Shops. It looks pretty normal from the outside, but it's actually quite fancy and dim on the inside. Nice, large booths and tables. It's pretty.Food: Ordered the Free Range Organic Chicken. The meat fell off the bone and the accompaniment of the Yukon Gold Potatoes and the mushrooms made the meal all the more satisfying. It was one of the better prepared chicken dishes I've had. My mother ordered the "Hong Kong Style" Salmon, which had a nice spice to it. My sister got a special that had shrimp and pasta, but she wasn't as much of a fan of her food as we were of ours.A definite bonus is all the complimentary stuff they give you. Aside from the delicious assortment of bread and dipping sauces (sea salt!!!!), we were given complimentary split pea puree soup, which was surprisingly tasty, and complimentary truffles for dessert. Prices are above average ($20-35ish dollars a plate), but they also have a cafe menu with cheaper options that look just as good.Drinks: Had a mojito that tasted great, with just the right amount of mint. My mom got the martini and it was really, REALLY strong. Service: Our waiter (who happened to also be a sommelier!) was awesome. He was always attentive and made great conversation. He wasn't overbearing and you can tell he genuinely cared about whether or not we enjoyed our food.Overall: Really great food, service, and ambiance. I would definitely come back, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a nice, fancy shmancy dinner.
4	It's funny, we actually ended up here because we couldn't get reservations at Hyakumi inside Ceasars. No surprise though, it was a Saturday night on one of the busiest weekends in Vegas (March Madness). So when we were able to get seated right away at a prime table, it was all a little suspect. To my fortunate surprise, the food here was pretty amazing. Not 5 star amazing, but really good. And service was top notch. the menu was a little confusing though, although italian and artisan.... they had quite a few asian dishes. Don't know if I'm being ignorant here but that didn't quite compute. Regardless, on to the food. Started off with a glass of Cab - wish I could remember which one, and the beet salad. the salad was good (see pic), but definitley not as good as some I've had. It was presented nicely though and helped cleanse the palette. We then ordered a bottle of the syrah and dug into the main dishes. I had the hand-cut fetuccine with prawns. It was pretty tasty. Twas a little oily but seasoned and presented beautifully. This place surpassed my expectations and I wouldn't hesitate to eat here again,.Wolfgang Puck joint btw.
5	Okay... all I have to say is that I got special treatment.  I ordered my entire meal off the menu.  OFF the menu.  Lunch.  My friends and I had steak, French styled halibut, and Italian styled salmon.  Greek pizza for first course.  Desserts just presented to us.A++ across the board on all fronts.  Food, service, style, elegance, class.  You got it!
5	This review is for the cafe.First off, the bread basket is unbelievable. Now to the entree. After scanning the menu a few times, my eyes kept coming back to the meatball sandwich. I am by no means a huge meatball fan, but something about a meatball sandwich on a high-end menu enticed me to give it a shot. And, it was absolutely incredible. A perfect blend of tastes, awesome cheese, incredible bread. Pure perfection. My girlfriend shared my feelings entirely, and although she liked her fettucinni, she wished she went with the meatball sandwich.In short, come to Spago. Save yourself money by going to the cafe, and be prepared for a perfect meal.
4	For some reason I have been avoiding Wolfgang Puck restaurants. Probably due to the fact that his English speaking accent is like nails on a board to me. We went here for a late lunch. We didn't gorge hardcore. I ordered the mushroom pizza and hubby had this fat ass kobe burger with fries and salad. Sounds stupid but that mixed green salad was soooo good! I loved the dressing. Plus I probably needed something fresh to eat. Hubs loved the burger. I think by this time he needed a colonic from the trip...Anyhow my pizza is thin crust, how I like it! And it packed a powerful punch of flavor! Since it's partially "outdoor" it's fun to people watch at the Forum Shops, too!
5	wife and I had early dinner before showthe restaurant offers two menu, one for dinning room and other for cafe.being that we love pizza, enjoy less casual offer and were actually seated in the better area of the restaurant, in the "terrase" over looking people that are walking outside - we felt this was the way to gowe had an appetizer of fry calamri which was very good. (about $15)we also had two pizza's that were both excellent. thin, wood burning over, toped with the right amount of cheese, toppings etc.....doesnt get better then that...or very rarely does.(about $15 each)being that this was also a famous chefs restaurant (wolfgang pack) and its location in the ceaser shops i would say this is a great place to eat, food was very good, service was great.2 beers to wash it all down.....and $75 later, tax and tip included i say it will be hard to top on the strip..... in terms of price, food, location, chefs restaurant werecommend
4	quality and quantity, wolfgang puck delivers.you can almost anticipate the outcome of your meal from the bread basket alone. parmesan crisps, onion focaccia, and raisin bread, all wonderfully fragrant and fresh. when paired with the rosemary infused extra virgin olive oil, the flavors collide and explode.special soup of the day was green garlic soup. surprise chunks of portabello mushrooms and tender spears of asparagus heads lay hidden in the velvety rich soup. the garlic was not overpowering, but perfectly spicy. a ring of creme fraiche and some toasted mini croutons round out a perfectly hearty and generous portion.the calamari fritti with garlic aioli and asian sweet and sour sauce. a side of asian cucumber salad. i must say, it was probably the best calamari i've had to date. crispy and tender, the calamari went extraordinarily well with the smooth garlic aioli. the sweet and sour sauce and the cucumber salad added the asian flare with a kick.the pasta special was seafood and angel hair cooked in a white wine sauce. the seafood was extremely fresh and the pasta cooked al dente. the sauce was light and appetizing.hand cut fettucini with mushrooms, fresh arugula, and english peas in a cream sauce. buttery noodles gently caressed in a delicate cream, accentuated with savory mushrooms, peppery arugula, and sweet peas. if it was not hazardous to my health, i wouldn't mind having a large plate of these noodles every night.
4	Good food reasonably priced for Vegas.
4	The Smoked Salmon pizza with Caviar (black). It's a little pricey for a lunch pizza, but if you like smoked salmon, it's fantastic.They also do a linguini pasta dish with mushrooms. Add the chicken on it, very good as well.This is in the Forum Shops at Caesars, you want to sit in the cafe area by the mall, not the main restaurant.  If you're local to vegas let them know and be ready for dessert.  Which the last time they gave to us was likely top 3 desserts I had ever eaten.
5	Fabulous.  We had a table in the center of the restaurant, inside, but there are "sidewalk" tables that are more in the mall area as well.  The staff were very nice, and Chef Eric even came by the table while we were there.  As I told the chef, this was one of the few restaurants I've been to where I truly felt that I could have ordered anything off the menu and been very happy with it.  I settled on the Choucroute Garnie Royale with all the homemade sausages and just a ton of sauerkraut as well.  Great meal - although I am not a huge fan of blood sausage, it was interesting to try.  We all shared bites of our meals, and the filet was great, the chicken with goat cheese was great, and the short ribs were amazing - although my meal was excellent, next time I go the short ribs it is.  Loved all the breads as well - filled up so much on those we skipped dessert!
4	Delicious!I went here this past weekend while I was in Vegas with my boyfriend and his friends. We were worried we were dressed too casual, but it doesn't seem to be that big of a deal. Also, we went in around 8-9ish and we were seated without having to wait.The bread basket they give you is so good! They give you raisin bread, a cheesy/onion bread, and parmesan cracker crisps. The parmesan cracker crisps were DIVINE - I could eat a million of them, really.For appetizers, my boyfriend ordered their crab cakes. YUM! Lots of sweet crab meat, slightly crispy on the edges, and a beautiful presentation with fresh flowers. Another friend ordered their oysters on the half shell, which I didn't try because I'm not that big of a fan of oysters, but everyone who tried it said they were SUPER fresh and delicious.I ended up ordering their Pan Seared Duck Breast since one of my boyfriend's friends recommended it. It was really good! I loved the sweet sauce they put around the duck and the slightly crispy texture was great, as well. The duck was very moist and pretty much melts in your mouth. Definitely recommend it!I tried my boyfriend's Kobe Ribeye. SO GOOD! It's the most expensive entree on the menu, but well worth it because the quality and quantity is incredible. So juicy, lots of flavor, and the pomme aligot, which is like cheese melted into mashed potatoes, was amazing with the meat! Although I'd probably regret it later, I could eat that pomme aligot with a spoon. A tip for the Kobe Ribeye is that they cook it differently than other restaurants. My boyfriend ordered it medium well, but it actually looked more like medium rare. Another friend at the table who ordered the same thing asked for it medium rare and it was pretty bloody.Service is very attentive, as well, which I would expect from such a nice restaurant. Overall, good experience there, but it's definitely not an every day type of eating place. We'll probably only be going back if we win in blackjack again, lol.
5	Oh yeah, love this place!! I will be coming back to this place for sure next time I'm in LV. I was having intense cravings for some gourmet pizza with goat cheese. My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to relax, share a glass of wine and enjoy a nice evening together. As I was walking by Spagos', I saw the most amazing pizzas and knew this was our spot. Our waiter found us a perfect cozy booth and gave us the cafe menu even though we were sitting in the restaurant area. The staff really went above and beyond. Dinner started off with the most delcious bread medley -- parmesan , raisin bread, focaccia, rye. The best! We split the Margherita pizza and the Kobe burger. The pizza was best pizza I've probably ever consumed. The cheese blend was out of this world, topped off with the freshest basil, tomatoes and spices. The Kobe beef burger was sensational --a delicious melding of juicy beef,applewood bacon and aioli sauce.  I must say Spago's is my favorite restaurant in Vegas so far. If I could find a place just HALF as good as Spago's in my hometown, I'd be there at least every week!!
5	2 wonderfully concocted cocktails.  The  Buffalo Wing lollipops. A chopped vegetable salad that only Puck can perfect, and another salad made of housemade burrata fresh mozz, baby arugula, shaved fennel, high end grapes, proscuito parma, and balsamic drizzle. And then the housemade italian sausage, black olive pizza cooked crisp.  Friendly effecient service by Bernard.  A friendly visit by Executive Chef, Eric Klein.  Another glorious dining experience at Spago friends
3	Had dinner here with the bf for our 3 year anniversary. Our server was very friendly an helpful with the menu & wine selection.  I would suggest going to tix4tonight and buying their 20% off voucher for $2. It's a good deal off the total bill. We went in August which featured the summer menu. I got a cream crab soup, $12 which sounded awesome on the menu but wasn't that great after all. The crab part was a fried ball of garnish with minimal crab meat. The crab cakes, $17 were ok. Pappadeaux crab cakes are a lot bigger, taste better and the same price. The bf got the duck, $29. I thought it wasn't so bad but he thought it tasted like beef. We shared a pepperoni pizza, $12 (I think). It was more like an all grease pizza. I couldn't eat it bc the oil was just running off the slice. The tables were lined with paper and we had cloth napkins. So the bf tore off the paper and used it to soak up the grease, which didn't help. Overall, something new to try. But not planning to go back and we were still hungry after droppin' a bill.
5	Pastry Chef Crystal Whitford rocked our world!  There are eating experiences in life that set your tast buds on high alert and you know they will go down in your personal history of memories as an A+; this was one of them!  I had waited all day for Chef Eric Klein's unbelievable Braised Short Ribs and Gnocchi only to have Pastry Chef Crystal take my breath away.  Next time you are at Spago's don't miss the opportunity to experience her creations!!
5	Maybe the best meal I have ever had . Even the salad tasted sinful. The vegetarian choices were very flavorful. I had my first chocolate souffle here. Wow!  Top 3 Vegas faves: this place, the coconut margarita at Cabo Wabo and the Beatle's Cirque LOVE show.
5	Great food and service. Highly recommend!Weinerschnitzel is wunderbar!
2	As someone who likes to cook a lot, I generally have pretty high expectations for upscale restaurants.  On my last expedition to Vegas, a group of friends and I decided to give Spago a shot.  The girl ordered some sushi platter, which consisted of maybe 7 or 8 slices of sushi for 25 bucks or so.  The sushi was fresh and tasty, but that's to be expected from a high end restaurant bearing Wolfgang Puck's name...so to me, that's not nearly enough to merit a high rating.I, on the other hand, ordered a "Schnitzel," or something.  I was expecting something along the lines of a gourmet sausage, but when it came it looked like a flattened piece of lean Tonkatsu.  However, I was mildly intoxicated which usually gives just about anything an upgrade in the taste department.  This however, just oozed average in about every aspect.  The portions were generous for a fancy place like Spago, but I was just so unimpressed by the meat.  One of the signature dishes I make in my home kitchen is Tonkatsu, and I would take mine over the "Schnitzel" any day of the week, even if it was competitively priced at $8.95 plus tax for an identical meal.  I think mine was in the $30-something range.No one else at the table raved about their food either, so I doubt I'll find myself ever returning here on my future Vegas endeavors.
5	We were lucky enough to be treated to this place by a family member who purchased a discount through TIX 4 LESS.  We had a reservation so we only waited a few minutes before being seated.  The staff was very friendly and speedy since we expressed our concerns of getting to a show on time.  The restaurant itself is inside the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace.  The decor is contemporary and chic and very open to the atrium of the shops.  We ordered drinks and our food from a not so extensive menu, but the prices were not as high as expected from a Wolfgang Puck restaurant.  The food came in big portions and was delicious.  After taste testing each others meals we confirmed that we will be going back on our next visit.
5	Wolfgang Puck!!!!  Ok, I know this is kind of a celebrity chef joint, but hey Puck is a celebrity chef for a reason, he hires great chefs to run his restaurant for him.  We had tuna three ways as an appetizer and it was fantastic. Great even.  I highly recommend this.  We also had a octopus salad which was very tasty.  At our table, we had a lambchops, sea bass, mahi mahi, roast chicken, NY steak, and I forget what I had, but all of these items are delicious.  Perhaps the thing that everyone appreciated the most was the complimentary asparagus soup.  Although perhaps not the best restaurant that I have eaten at (Hells Kitchen probably takes that), it is still a solid place to go on a saturday night with friends and enjoy some prosecco and a Sauvignon Blanc and Malbec.  Definitely recommend this for a bachelor party if you have foody friends.  Make sure to have reservations, and make them earlier, at 6 or before is perfect and you can get a great table no waiting.
3	Nothing spectacular but not bad either. If you are going to shop or check out the forum shops then it is worth a stop but choose the patio area over the interior dining area. Selections are better and less pricey. All in all it is a decent place for a light bite while shopping. Get the chicken wing lollipops.
4	We decided to come here because we were looking to fill our bellies with some good food, rather than pay about the same price for some sub-par food from the food court. NGL, we were a little scared about prices, but it was all good. We shared a pizza, and ended up too full too finish. The bread they offer is delicious as well. Friendly service. I'd recommend this place. =)
5	I belIeve this is one my favorite Wolfgang restaurants in Las Vegas. It is upscale with great service and reservations highly recommended. The restaurant location and size was a bit of a surprise as I expected something more exclusive rather than a place alongside retail shops. The food on the other hand was delicious! A restaurant that places quality over quantity. I went here with a group and was able to taste several dishes. I personally had the half organic chicken and it was amazing. It was cooked to perfection,and flavor throughout the chicken. The meat fell off the bone. This is the place i had my first taste of ratatouille and it was very delicious veggie dish that looked very difficult to prepare. I tasted the filet mignon and had several dishes I don't remember by name. I can highly recommend this place as everything I've tasted from here was a palate full of flavor!
2	I must start by saying that The only reason for two stars instead of three is simply because of the bartender that didn't serve us. I was a part of a group of six or eight people (can't remember exactly) on a Saturday late-night. Us ladies sat down at the bar and expected that the bartender would come over to ask for our orders, which was not the case. I'm not sure if he thought we were just sitting to sit or what, but we wanted our drinks before we were seated. Not the case. The guy was rude (even our waiter who was awesome said the guy's a jerk). We did eventually get our drinks, though. The food is amazing. Very tasty. You are paying strip prices, though so keep that in mind. Small portions and large checks. I'm not sure of the food quality was worth the price that tourists will pay, but I did enjoy myself, as did the others in my party. I probably won't stop by there again because I'm not really about eating on the strip, but you should probably try it once if you're not a tourist.
5	I loved my food at Spago. I loved my boyfriend's food at Spago. I loved Spago. :) It made for a really great food memory. Pricey, but worth it.
2	i did not see the point to this place. food was eh.
5	When my boyfriend says "This is the best pizza I'ver ever had," I know that it's good. He's not really one to make sweeping statements like this. And I agreed with him, my pasta was one of the best. Because we were seeing Lance Burton's show later that evening, we were going to buy tickets for it from http://www.tix4tonight.com/. While in line, we noticed that they also have restaurant coupons. One of the places listed was Wolfgang Puck's Spago. We agreed that this was the place we wanted to go, and the coupon made it even better!Out of all the times I have been to Vegas, I had never really done anything but look around the forum shops at Caesar's Palace. When I saw that Spago was located in there, I was excited to eat for my first time in Caesar's. I loved that there is "outdoor" seating, meaning that you can eat on the patio of the restaurant under the blue sky ceiling of the forum shops. Makes you feel like your on a patio in Europe. We had a very nice waitress. I ordered and cosmo - my standard, and then a glass of pinto grigio with dinner. We had the hand cut fettuccini and chicken sausage pizza - both were amazing! The bread they bring you before the meal is also great. Love places with different bread selections in the basket. Great elegant meal before a Vegas show.
5	This was the BEST meal I've EVER had in all of my years of coming to vegas. I'm gluten-free and my wife is vegetarian and we will go back EVERY time were visit!I had the surf and turf. Fantastic. Wine list is grand, and the service was OUTSTANDING!
5	Came here for lunch and enjoyed how fresh the food was. Ordered the salmon salad and also dabbled at the oysters as an appetizer dish. I was also surprised at the bread - I couldn't get enough of it.
4	The Chopped Salad made me a believer in raw vegetables.  Fantastically good.
4	Great food and excellent service!
5	Beef short ribs are melt in your mouth.
5	Excellent plus food. Presentation is superb. The bartender (s) know how to make adult beverages. If you mention that you are a local they will through in a desert.
2	Picky E. is in Vegas for the weekend trying out the new restaurant capital of the U.S. Friday was Spago night. It was a bomb--note, not the bomb, but a bomb. The ambiance is weird--it's in the Forum shops and the front opens to a patio to the shops. So, as you go in, you feel like you are going into any mall restaurant anywhere in America. As you go back into the restaurant, you never lose that mall feel.The food did not save it. While the amuse was good (a taste of tomato soup), it then took 40 minutes for my chicken to come out. The waiter made various excuses, but since there was no note on the menu saying the chicken takes forever, I am guessing there was some mistake made in the kitchen or by the expediter. When it did come out, it was undercooked--and I mean the kind of undercooked that is plainly visible under dark dinner lighting. So, Picky had to send it back. It took another 10 minutes to finish cooking it (a testament to how under-cooked it was the first time and how badly the kitchen was running). Mind you, the restaurant was not packed; there were plenty of open tables, tons of front of house staff, etc. so I have no idea what was taking so long in the back of the house.When I did get a food-safety approved plate, it was average. For $40 and 50 minutes, I would have liked a really good piece of chicken. I will give kudos to the vegetable prep cook--those were darn good, but it was hard to save the meal at that point.So, Wolfgang, I think you need to check in on your Las Vegas digs. It's not living up to the Spago brand.
2	Ate here on a Saturday night. In no way compares to rodeo drive location. Outside of a helpful barkeep and some very fresh mignonette oysters food was disappointing, especially the chewy calamari but also chicken sausage pizza which was underwhelming.
4	I've never had anything bad at Spago, everything has at the very least been good.I particularly like this Spago, due to it's location. I like the layout of the restaurant, the lighting, decor, everything. I love their faux patio area.Food has always been good here. Really, everything I've ever tried has been good. Their cheesy flat breads / mixed breads that they bring before your food are ridiculously good! When I used to live in Vegas, I used to drop in every once in a while just to get a drink and grab a couple of those crunchy cheesy flatbreads! BTW, if you like lamb and/or chorizo, you MUST try their lamb chorizo pizza!Food: 4Ambience: 5Service: 3Value: 3
4	Came here on my last day in Vegas for lunch, the reviews on yelp were good and I had heard about this place from a previous food blog as well.I was by myself so I sat at the bar, my bartender was very friendly and despite thinking I wasn't going to drink I ended up having a cocktail and a beer.The atmosphere at Spago is nice but casual, you can see everyone walking by in the forum shops and it does seem like a nice spot to come to for lunch, the place wasn't particularly crowded and along the bar there were only about two or three other patrons.I opted to try the Thai Chicken Salad and the Meatloaf.The salad was a good starter, nice and flavorful, satisfying but not overly filling. I got the half portion which was a nice start and I probably could have shared that with someone. The bread came nicely presented with three sides of salt, butter, and olive oil with a touch of rosemary. Can't remember the three types of bread off the top of my head, one was a crispy pita-like bread, the other had cranberries in it I believe, and there was one more could have been sourdough but I can't remember.Finally the meatloaf, which is one of their most popular dishes apparently, was interesting, the mashed potatoes were cooked and seasoned nicely, for me the meatloaf was just alright -- It was good but I've definitely had better as well. I was in between giving this place 3 or 4 stars but I tilted towards 4 because the service was good and the food enjoyable enough to make me want to come back and explore the menu a little more.
4	it was good..i loved the calamari ..
5	Food was excellent.  Every course was nicely presented and taste GREAT.  We love every course! Portion size is just perfect!Service was superb. We had a snafu with some show tickets bought through our Passport card (I realized after being seated that the voucher said tickets must be picked up 1 hour prior to show time). They were able to call and ensure that our tickets would be available, and even printed a map of the other casino for us. We did the 6 course tasting menu (which differs significantly from the rest of the menu) with wine pairing, and it ran about $330; Value was excellent for fine dining experience. I highly recommend this menu.
5	The best lunch on the Strip. It's located in the Forum Shops. Park in self parking and make a left and Spago is on the right. The hostess was nice enough to offer a multitude of seating, but we could have cared less. I blame the tourists for making the host so unsure of their selection. They always say "we want that seat", no " we want that seat". In any other town what the host picks, the guests gets. It was given to you for a reason you may understand only when your food takes forever or your service starts lacking, but I digress.The restaurant is beautiful on the inside without all the gaudiness of MIX or the thumping of the club restaurants. I ordered the open faced meatball sub which was made with chicken and my friend ordered the bolognaise (their spelling, not mine). Perhaps, they got tired of ppl mis-pronouncing it.It's odd when you go to a restaurant and expect nothing. You become instantly happier. I didn't ask if there was a side with the sandwich. At the least,  I just expected it to be a sandwich on a plate. I got that and much more. An overly tasty, perfectly portioned and seasoned salad with a saucy chicken meatball sub with gooey melted mozzarella cheese. The pesto sauce didn't hurt either. The bolognaise looked like the best bolognese I've seen in quite some time. Saucy, meaty, rich and it smelled wonderful.The server was pretty cool in that he left us alone. I guess two guys eating alone don't need as much attention as a married couple, old people, or two people who have never eaten out before. Regardless, he was great, except he didn't fill our water glasses when we finished and just as well it was probably our que to move on to the next appt in the day.
4	Not leaving 5 stars simply bc I didn't eat a lot when I was there. But definitely fantastic food w Pucks signature style. Lots of options for all kinds of eaters, there's no way you won't find something here. Everywhere is inflated pricewise on the strip, comparatively Spago isn't that much for fantastic food and experience.
3	Came here on a Thurs night and there was no wait for dinner. They had a fancy dinner menu with fish, poultry and meats, but we opted for their lighter fare summer dinner menu which had sandwiches, pastas and pizzas. We tried the chicken buffalo wing "lollipops" as our appetizer, it was your run of the mill buffalo wings but prepared so that one end was the bone and the other end was the chicken which made it super easy to eat. I'm big on italian food so I was trying to decide between either the pizza or pasta and ended up choosing the "pasta a la bolognaise" which was a huge mistake. It was penne-like pasta with tomato and meat sauce which looked like something I could have made and I'm not a cook. It wasn't horrible but I just wasn't expecting something so mediocre in taste and presentation. Portions were big though, I'll give them that. Service was good and the pizzas at the surrounding tables looked good so I would probably try that next time if I ever came back.
5	Love it for the chicken entree and pizza!  Service is a little snooty, but it is worth going for the food!  The seating in the patio area is too close for comfort, but great for people watching.  Recommend eating in the restaurant for a more intimate dining experience.
3	We came here because we were at the Caesar's Palace and couldn't decide what to eat. We've always been curious, so it seemed like a good place to go.All in all, it was, as the rating suggests, just okay. I will say that the complementary cauliflower soup we got and the Symphony of Tuna we chose as an appetizer were both delicious.However, our entrees were quite a letdown. My husband and I both got their filet mignon and have to say that the meat was not flavorful at all. We tried adding salt and pepper, but it did nothing. The rest of the accompaniments (potatoes, etc.) were pretty good, but we couldn't get over the unremarkable steak.The service was good, but we don't think that we'll be back to this Puck establishment.
5	This was my first time there and I really enjoyed it as a way to come down from my Anniversary high. My husband and I went there for lunch before going home and I had the Kobe Beef Burger and he had the Pepperoni Pizza. The bread and choices of oil, salt or butter was nice. I had a Belini and it was very refreshing for a mid afternoon drink.The burger was nice and soft and delicious. The pizza was average, my husband said he liked CPK better. It looked like there were also some private spac attentive.es available for a nice dinner. The service was very nice and they were very I would definitely go their again. It was a very nice way to come back to reality after a great night.
3	A group of us came here for a friends birthday dinner. As a group we had fun; however the restaurant itself I found fine ... nothing spectacular, nor would I particularly rush back here next time I'm in Vegas. The waiter was helpful and the staff was pleasant. I was not a fan of the decor or the atmosphere ... trying too hard to be modern and trendy. The food was mediocre, nothing special, but nothing bad. I started out with a special salad and had the halibut for my main. I am always skeptical of celebrity chef restaurants, as I tend to find them underwhelming and not worth the price. Well this Puck establishment confirmed I should continue to be skeptical.
5	For the appetizer, I had the "Chicken Wing 'Lollipops'" and I must say, they were fantasticcccccc although a bit on the spicy side =( nonetheless, delicious! For the actual course  I had the wood fired kobe beef burger which is heaven on a stick! Its AWESOMEEEEEEE. The flavoring of the meat, the sauces, and the bacon all went together perfectly. Theres really not much to say besides... yummmmm! =)
4	High points:-Good starters:  cauliflower soup was A+.-Tuna symphony was great.-Great salad.-Great pizza.-I went with a kosher person and they went out of their way to help accommodate. Low points:-Wine selection overall is very good but by the glass was skimpy.  I don't get why they can't open up one of those fancy-ass bottles and gauge me per glass.  I'd do it.-Main courses were ok.  For example, the lamb chops crusted with pistachios was under seasoned though the lamb quality was high.  Details details.Overall, I'd go back but would probably have a panoply of appetizers.
1	Had dinner Monday night. Had the Fillet $43.00. it was the size of a large ping pong ball. overcooked and too much salt. Way WAY overpriced. It was literally three bites. I was with a group, so did not send it back. I should have. I all most that it was a practical joke. I quess I should have ordered a simple pizza!
4	It was our first night in Vegas, and we had decided on a restaurant in Caesar's for dinner. Unfortunately, we forgot to make a reservation and the wait was too long for us to go there and the concert we wanted to see that night. So my boyfriend and I consulted Yelp and OpenTable and discovered that Spago was supposed to be tasty AND had seating available immediately. We scurried over to the Forum Shops.We were seated quickly, but our waiter decided to ignore us initially. The manager came by and started to take our wine order when the waiter finally decided to come by. Our service was just fine after that, so props to the manager. After checking out the menu, we decided on two different pizzas: the lamb chorizo and the Greek. We chose the former because everyone seems to rave about it in their reviews, and the latter because, well, I heart Greek-style pizzas like nobody's business. We chose a tasty glass of albarino to go with our meal.The pizzas were great, especially for the price (yeah, $15 for a pizza, but it's Vegas!). Honestly, we could have shared one and been plenty full, but it was nice to be able to taste both types. The lamb chorizo was hearty, meaty, and delicious, but the Greek pizza was my favorite. So many awesome, fresh, flavors. It made me happy. We were so temped by the desserts (particularly the Smores thing; that sounded amazing) but we weren't even able to finish our pizzas, so we decided dessert was a bad idea. In summary, we were not expecting to dine at Spago that fine Thursday evening, but we did, and it made us happy.
4	AMAZING: Breadbasket-Crispy Calamari with their Garlic dipping sauce-Service / attitude of our serverPRETTY GOOD: Wood fired Kobe beef burgerOK: Organic Oven Roasted Chicken -Their FriesDetails: I'm a big bread fan, I really appreciate it when they have good breadbaskets. It also came w. a mini trio of sea salt, butter, and olive oil on a cute tray separated into divisions. The calamari was AMAZING. We order calamari at almost every restaurant we go to, and it was definitely to die for. I loved the crispiness and freshness of the calamari, and the garlic dipping sauce that it came with.  Entrees wise, I ordered the organic oven roasted chicken and the wood fired kobe beef burger. The chicken was a little bit on the dry side. I've had better at my university which is surprising. The kobe beef burger was good but the bun was a bit too much. The fries were also mediocre. Service - our waiter was great. I tried ordering the duck that everybody on yelp raved about but He informed me that not only was it only really offered at dinner, but  he also said that in the future I could call in and order it before I arrived for lunch and they'd have it ready for me. "Anything you want, we can do for you." he repeated twice and I really do believe that! Really really great service.Sit outside so you can people watch while you eat. Lunch time is usually filled with a few business men, not too much tourists, so take advantage of lunch time. We were seated also right on the spot even though we didn't have reservations. Highly recommended for calamari and hopefully in the future I'll be able to try the duck as well. Very close to self parking at Caesars, and also close walk to the forum shops for you to stroll around and walk off the huge meal that you just ate. :]
3	Quick: Upscale dining.  Food is good but not memorable. Value is on the low side. Grand Lux is still my pick for departing lunch in Vegas.More: Pancetta-wrapped meatloaf & hand-cut fettuccini are the dishes we sampled here.  They both tasted good but lacked a "wow" factor or even an "oh nice".  It was simply, "not bad".Never saw the pancetta wrapped around the meatloaf, we wonder if it is made wrapped then unwrapped when served.  It was moist, flavorful but ultimately forgettable.The fettuccini was also good, a bit bland but tasty.  Just a hint of salt brought out good flavor.  We had to add chicken to this dish for a protein, which is $10 so a single pasta dish amounts to $30 at this point.  Portions are modest which is common in upscale dining.Bread basket is a nice treat here. Trio of dips, sea salt, butter & olive oil was nice.  Variety of breads and crisps to snack on while we wait for our meals, which came out rather quickly.Service was great which is expected in this type of establishment.  We enjoyed our lunch but Spago did not give me any hook to return if faced with a choice of Grand Lux or even In N Out if I haven't had that for a while.
5	Wow, super good!  Had the pear & arugula salad and the braised short ribs w/ gnocchi.  The short ribs and gnocchi melted in the mouth.  It was delicious!!Comment from my friend as we were eating:  "Wow, I think this is the best food I have ever had in my life."  One time I noticed that his eyes were closed as he was enjoying the meal.    Dinner for two (2 salads + 2 entrees) with a bottle of $65 wine (one of the least expensive, but still good) was a little over $200.
4	So had lunch here with a colleague when we were passing each other going to two different conventions in Vegas. Food was good. Service was interesting. The servers were wonderful but the waitress was a little inattentive? Could of been just that it was slow and 2:30 so maybe they had cut staff. Enjoyed the lunch though and he picked up the bill! EDIT: The bread basket was great
4	We tried Spago for our last lunch before heading to the airport. There were lots of good options. I really enjoy the Wolfgang Puck restaurant in the casino at MGM Grand, and this has some similar menu items. Our server was very friendly and seemed to really care that we had a good experience. I had the hot wing lollipops and a salad and both were good.Pricing was "Vegas reasonable".
4	We came for lunch & were very impressed!I ordered the margherita pizza which was a large portion for one person. It was delicious! My husband ordered the burger which came with a side salad and fries. Once again, it was huge & really good; highly recommend! I thought the prices were very reasonable, especially for Vegas. Also a great spot for people watching!
3	This place is ok. Had early dinner with a friend since she wanted to eat @ Spago. She ordered oysters for appetizer, surprisingly came in a huge bowl for just 3 oysters. I wanted to get straight on to their oven baked thin crust pizza. I ordered my favorite margherita pizza thinking as long as they make a decent margherita pizza, they are good in my book.....well It was o-k. Pretty decent size so I was only able to finish half of it, but as far as taste goes, it was good, but not memorable enough for me to go back. Not sure if you can call it an upscale dining experience since I was in my shirt and shorts being a tourist and stopped by after hours of shopping at the forum. Location wise it doesn't stand out as an upscale restaurant.I also had Thai salad. It was good but once again not memorable. Maybe what I ordered were just O-k but there could be other items on the menu that are great. Oh yeah, the bread basket was good. Better than many other restaurants as others mentioned.My friend is the one who wanted to eat here but she didn't like her oysters, and she gave this place a 2.5 stars. To me this place is a 3.
5	Spent 2 Nites right @ the Bar at my favorite Vegas joint.  Spago is what makes Vegas Special.  Great appetizers.  Wonderful drink concoctions by 2 Spirir Pros: Tony & Peter.  We had a blast here each niteWe'll be back....like we always do.
5	great pizza, awesome service martini's rock.
4	4 1/2 StarsI've stayed at Caesars for days on end on work trips and have to say that this is by far THE BEST OPTION FOR THE PRICE.  Considering that the restaurant is located just outside of Caesar's (the hotel) inside the forum shoppes, the prices are reasonable for the cafe area.  You could easily find satisfying entrees for under $20.  Some of my favorites:-Pasta bolognese - such amazing comfort food, simply divine-Skirt steak quesadilla - I'm a fan!-Pizzas - good but unmemorable-Ginger / Honey Drink is AMAZING.The bartenders / servers are friendly and it's just a nice vibe dining there.
3	Let me just say that I have had the Spago experience in LA, and in Vegas before.  Been pleased.  So, when Absinthe ended this past Sunday night, and we were hungry for pizza (and knowing the Trump shuttle where we were staying shows up right below Spago), we stopped in for a pizza.  We were very clear to the Hostess that that was all we wanted, and admirably we didn't feel discriminated upon for only wanting such a small Spago experience.  We were led to a table for two in the back.  I ordered a $9 Cabernet and husband ordered tea.  We agreed on a pizza which was described as such: ITALIAN SAUSAGE-Roasted Fennel, Tuscan Black Olives, Reggiano Cheese and Thyme   We were brought out a divided dish of olive oil, butter, salt and pepper.  And baskets were brought around with foccacia, sourdough and flatbread.  Nice, but one can only do so much bread, ya know?  Then came the pizza and sadly it was disappointing!  Honestly, both of us agreed that it tasted like the crust had been pre-frozen.   We got better pizza at the Wicked Spoon buffet the next day.  Toppings were nice, but the crust was very disappointing.    It was not bad.  But it wasn't (imho) up to what we had experienced via Wolfgang in the past.  (nobody on the planet could be a bigger fan than me of his butternut squash soup that I would (and have) killed for),  This time I can only say that  we've had better.  But we are appreciative of the experience.
3	Spago really deserves 3.5 stars. My boyfriend and I had lunch here during our long weekend in Vegas. The restaurant is tastefully decorated - it has a very modern appeal and  there was great energy from the staff.  I had the pork loin sandwich with sauerkraut on a pretzel roll. It was good but very salty and they put way too much mustard on the bread- my sinuses were on fire (I ended up scraping some off - much better). The potato salad was phenomenal!The boyfriend's chicken parmesan sandwich was very tasty! I only had a bite but would probably order this for myself if we return someday.Spago is definitely worth repeating.
4	Walking around Caesars Palace not really having any idea where to eat, also with a few "free" drinks in me already and one in my hand, we decided Spago looked pretty good from outside and the prices were reasonable enough, considering how much everything costs in Vegas.I don't think I'd ever been to a "Wolfgang Puck" restaurant before, and I'm generally pretty cynical about anyone putting his name on multiple places in big tourist stops, but this stuff was good.  We ordered a calamari appetizer and a margherita pizza to share. Both were wonderful, with the calamari coming with a delicious sweet and spicy sauce. Also they give you an assortment of bread before your meal comes out, and it's not just that wimpy little bread and butter crap. This was some fancy shiz. There were three different types with their own sauces, including sweet bread, with raisins or cranberry baked into it and topped with butter. Also a different type topped with olive oil, etc. Good stuff.The pizza was delicious as well, with nice sharp cheeses and plenty to go around. The crust wasn't amazing but I was far from complaining.Somehow we managed to get out of here for $35 bucks. I would give 5 stars but didnt' try enough of the dishes, and like I said the pizza wasn't exactly perfect, but seriously i doubt you could do much better at Caesars for the price.  Had a giftcard to another Wolfgang Puck restaurant the following day (we didn't mean to go to two of his places, but that's how it worked out), and it wasn't nearly as good and cost twice as much.
3	Well it sure was a disappiontment.  I like to eat and as soon as I saw the size of the plates on the way in I knew I would be hungry leaving.  Too fancy, do I really need 3 choices of water?  I got the $17 glorified Chicken Sandwinch that I could have got at Burger King for $4.99 and it would have came with a beverage.  Will never go to another SPAGO'S again.  Fool me once, but you will not get me again!
5	Staff,food and Eric the chef... Top notch!
2	It's amazing reading some of these reviews. I seriously wonder how knowledgeable people are about pizza when they state that the pizza here was "fantastic."  I ate here two days ago and like most people ordering for lunch that day, I had a pizza.  I ordered the Italian Sausage pizza with roaster fennel, tuscan olives, reggiano cheese and thyme.This pizza tasted just like pizzas I have had at California Pizza Kitchen except theirs were better.  My pizza at Spago had onions on it- the description on the menu did not say it came with onions.  Quite frankly, the combination just did not work.  The onions and olives overpowered the flavor of the sausage, which was pretty tasty once it was off the pizza.  The reggiano cheese also did not work for me.When I am paying over $15 for a pizza, I expect better.  This is the second time I've been disappointed with a Wolfgang Puck restaurant.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be sure to skip his restaurants.
3	Had a late lunch at Spago; prosciutto pizza, 1/2 dozen oysters and four vines chardonnay.  The pizza was a bit salty (from the prosciutto of course) and the crust was very nicely done.  However, the oysters tasted a bit stale (not spot on fresh).  Perhaps I should have complained, but did not do so.  At 18 dollars, they should have been spot on fresh.  Usually, I rate this place 4-stars, but minus one due to the oysters.
4	Awesome food. BUT Screw the hostess, shes the blonde girl, she is lousy for business! Don't hire her or you'll go out of business.  We ordered an amazing prosciutto pizza. the only thing, we had at dinner, but the next day when we came to order one to go at 10.25pm, the hostess, with a full restaurant told us they were closed. We later called and found out their kitchen closed at 11pm. We haven't been back.
5	This is my FAV resturant! Always wonderful food and made my wedding reception very special. I recomend the squash soup, so creamy and full of flavor. Its a classy and memorable resturant.
4	Came Thanksgiving weekend to watch the Sting concert at the Colosseum.  After the concert, we decided to grab a bite at Spago's.  Surprisingly, we only ordered two entrees (Those who know me well, know that I usually go ALL out and order a few appetizers, entrees, and desserts.  My eyes are ALWAYS bigger than my stomach!).  The bolognese pasta with fresh ricotta cheese was oh-so yummy.  I usually don't order meat sauces because I can make that stuff anytime at home...However, I'm glad I ordered this entree, which was cooked al dente and the amount of sauce didn't overpower the pasta itself.  The portion was reasonable too.The fairly thin-crusted prosciutto pizza with baby arugula was yummy too!  The prosciutto tasted fresh and not dried out.  Only request I have is if there was more prosciutto on the pizza!!!  LOVE, LOVE prosciutto!The complimentary bread and crackers were delish too...the onion bread was good to dip into my pasta dish.These two entrees including tax came out to exactly $40.  Will come again!
5	Before there were Iron Chefs, there was Wolfgang Puck.  He made pizza chic.  When I started to go to Las Vegas in the 90s, Spago's was one of my top restaurants and still is a great place to dine.
4	Pricyyyyyyyy :( But the service is excellent; the waiters were around constantly making sure we were all right and that our cups were filled! I have only ever gone here for lunch, which was pretty good with decent prices, but for dinner:Seafood appetizer special: Very pricy...there was four of everything (oysters, jumbo shrimp cocktail, and a spoonful of crab salad). Not worth the $ in my opinion, but the food was indeed fresh and quite delish.Hong Kong style salmon: Being of hong kong descent, it didn't really taste "Hong Kong" to me...had a weird twang from the soy sauce. Salmon was very soft and cooked just right though. Vegetables had the same weird twang, but was still edible.Sea bass: Yum! I got mine gluten free (yes, gluten allergy sucks!) And the waiter reassured my terrified little brain that they dealt with allergies of all kinds all the time and that they would be sure to keep my gluten allergy in mind. So my meal is a bit different from the usual...it really consisted of an excellently cooked sea bass with a bunch of buttery chopped greens on the bottom. Pretty good.Diver scallops: Came with this cool foam on top. Scallops I felt could be cooked to a more golden tone, but it was still good. I kept biting in some sand or something though.The meals were way too pricey for the amount we got, but I guess in classier restaurants, that's just the way it is! Presentation was amazing and everything was cooked to perfection. Employees were very professional and friendly...I'd come here again, but maybe for lunch so my wallet won't implode.
2	Hostess couldn't "find" my reservation for a party of 6 at 1pm. Kept blankly repeating that I was in the system but she couldn't find the reservation. After 10 minutes of this nonsense, I told her then take a new reservation and seat us. Idiot. So we were sat 15 minutes later because she couldn't take the situation from A to B. It's a hostess gig, not rocket science. She was awful.Had the vegetable chopped salad, FANTASTIC! Iced T was great, waitstaff was great, pleasurable dining experience except for that perpetual Next Top Model contestant hostess who just didn't get it.
4	Wolfgang Puck's Spago is the perfect place to take someone you love or want to impress (e.g. bff, sister, boyfriend, parents, or first date) because the service is impeccable; the food is delicious; and ambiance isn't too uptight but warm and inviting. My food was nicely prepared and presented beautifully. Although, my symphony tuna was not as stellar as I hoped. Drinks were replinished and bread was served numerous times. Our servers were gracious and efficient. I wished I could bring these servers to every restaurant I go to like, say, Ping Pang Pong. But I digress, the meal ended with a nice lemon-blueberry baked Alaska. Which was good except for the measley hard lemon pound cake inside. But that won't stop me from visiting again.
3	Spago is a tasty place to grab some lunch or dinner if you are wandering around Vegas near the Forum Shops.  It's one of Chef Wolfgang Puck's restaurants, so you know it'll be both quite tasty and spendy.Since they are located inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's, it's not technically outdoor seating, but there is seating that is open to the mall, which is great for people-watching (...it is Vegas, after all!).  But because it is in a mall, it also brings the classiness down a notch, since it's harder to take seriously.Still, with good service and good pizzas,  I wouldn't mind eating here again!
4	Ate here after seeing "Absinthe" at Ceasar's with the help from some yelp reviews. Took a seat at the Cafe. Enjoyed the calamari, tuna sashimi, kobe sliders and finally the prosciutto pizza all with a glass of albarinho. The pizza was delicious. The sliders were good as well as the calamari and  sashimi. Our server was helpful and playful. Overall, this was a great option for good food at an affordable price as dinner and wine for 2 was just under $100.
5	Perfect for lunch or earlier dinner. Lemonade, chopped salad and pizza to share.
5	I went here for lunch and dinner during the weekend of my convention and was completely satisfied each time. For lunch we had a pizza and house salad that mixed ingredients that I would never have thought of. My first request would be to try the meals that aren't offered on the menu that night. I went with the seafood paella and it was voted the best entree by the whole table. I went with a group for a convention and this place was fantastic from beginning to end. Starting with an assortment of bread with sauces, salts and spices and a wonderful bottle of wine to match (Brunello di Montapalcino). Each entree was cooked to perfection with each ingredient complimenting each other. We ended the night with an array of desserts with the assorted cookie plate, warm apple potpie and the banana bread pudding. AMAZING!!I will definitely go back next time I have a conference and I highly suggest you try it out. Yes, it is expensive, but come on' you're in Vegas!
5	Another quick trip to vegas.  Another stop @ Spago.  Another top notch, no complaint experience.2 Salads, the chopped vegetable and the chinese chicken.  Small. Pricey, but oh so good, The New Slider tizer on the menu was a suprise, but unsuprisingly EXCELLENT.  And although we swore we d ordered something different, we could resist the Lamb chorizo and rapini Pizza.  God dam is it good.  Not a fan of the wood fired concept because most operators dont get it right.  Wolfgang gets it right. Crisp...even in middle and enough sauce.  Meal was great.As usual service was great.  We were lucky to get one of the best there, Tom from Chicago.  Did we order wine? No. Did we order cocktails? No. Did we order expensive entrees or dessert? NO. Did we get any attitude from Tom? Not at all.  Friendly, effecient, and professional.  Prompt and helpful, but not smothering.  Excellent server.We'll be back in May.  And we'll be back to spago. Thats a certainty.
5	I've always wanted to try dishes by the famous Wolfgang Puck. Thanks to a recommendation from a fellow Yelper (Pauline Le), I decided to come here while exploring The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. I've read how pricey dinner can be here, so I came for lunch at their cafe around opening. It wasn't too packed yet since a lot of the shops were just starting to open up, but even when the mall and Spago were starting to get crowded after noon, it didn't hinder the excellent service by the Spago staff. The food here is truly something special. Everything you would normally know to be true of a certain dish is twisted up into something deliciously creative. The total bill came out to be about $65 (without tip), but it's well worth the price!Complementary BreadSpago serves you a variety of breads, playing with different textures and flavors, with 3 different items for you to dip the bread in (sea salt, butter, and olive oil). The olive oil is possibly my favorite of the 3 dips because it was infused with a few herb leaves (I know it's either rosemary or thyme, but I can't remember). I liked that none of these breads were overpowering in flavor and not so filling to the point where I couldn't enjoy my appetizers and entrees. I had never had a restaurant serve me in this style before, so I loved having the selection and variety of textures and dips to mix and taste together!Parsley and Cauliflower SoupThis twist on the typical cream of broccoli soup left my boyfriend and me wanting more. It wasn't so hot that we couldn't eat it immediately, but stayed warm throughout the meal until we could devour it all. The consistency of the soup was just perfect: thick but not too thick to the point of clumpiness. It had enough of the vegetables to be filling but not overwhelm your appetite. It might only be a seasonal soup, but if it's still around when you visit, it's a must-try!Crab CakesThis is the only dish that I had where I'd say it's closer to the standard crab cakes that you can find at other upscale restaurants, but I would nevertheless recommend trying it if you crave it. This is truly crab cakes done right: thin, crunchy crust with fresh crab inside on a bed of bright tasty greens drizzled with a light vinaigrette. It's a lovely classic that's a perfect starter to your meal.Turkey French DipI've only had roast beef french dips in the past, and me not being a big beef eater, I was ecstatic to see a meat that I love in this dish. I was already getting somewhat full after eating bread, soup, and crab cakes, but the minute that I took a bite of this sandwich, I couldn't stop eating it! It's amazing how one dish made me hungry to eat more after just one bite! The turkey meat was cooked perfectly; it wasn't dry, it was cut very thin, and it had little to no fat. I couldn't believe how incredibly tender and juicy it was; it was only more amazing in conjunction with the french dip. I can't emphasize enough how this dish is a must-try!Mushroom PizzaThis pizza had no tomato sauce, which I appreciated because I wish my pizzas would always come this way. It was very thin and had only cheese and 1 mushroom on each slice, but wow was the mushroom cooked to perfection. It was so tender and juicy and harmonized beautifully with the rest of the cheese pizza. It wasn't my entree and I only had 1 slice of it, but I wish I had enough stomach space to have eaten more!
5	We came to Las Vegas to celebrate my boy friend's birthday . So we chose Spago for his special dinner . We had the 6 corse tasting menu with wine .The food was fantastic and the wine pairing was superb. Our italian server Tony was great his knowledge about food was amazing. We recommend it to everyone who travels to Las Vegas .\
4	Excellent pizza!!! Went here for lunch after shopping and shared 2 pizzas and a salad between 3 people. We got the lamb chorizo pizza and the sausage with fennel pizza. Both were fantastic. The crust was thin and crispy and not greasy at all. Very fresh and unique ingredients. No need for mozzarella or pepper flakes here, everything was already perfectly seasoned.  We had the BLT wedge salad, which was good but not great. The servers attitude was a little annoying, but he got the job done.
3	20 FEB 2012 | 4:00 PM-ish.Let me preface this review with a positive statement. Spago's server assistants are top notch. Ok, on to the rest. Wish I could keep my review at around 5 stars, but here's the thing:1. The margherita pizza that my lady friends ordered didn't come with any basil! For some reason, I totally tuned out what they were eating, until I took a bite of the last piece of their pizza. Yes, to a server, this sounds like a typical, "We ate the whole thing, but didn't notice until the last piece" - rip-the-waiter-off scenario. But sadly, IT ACTUALLY HAPPENED THAT WAY. When I brought it up to our server Tony, and told him that the ladies had been too nice to bring it up, he gave me the "you're trying to rip us off punk" look, and said, I'll bring it up with the manager. When the bill came, nothing had happened, no apologies, nothing. We paid for a bland cheese pizza with tomatoes on it! Hey Tony, next time, just err on the side of trust and take off the damn pizza from the check that my friends had to endure...bless their hearts. As a server at at a fine dining restaurant, YOU are responsible for making sure every ingredient is on the dish BEFORE it hits the table. I'm sure T is a great guy, but management, I don't want him as my server next time. Thank you. :) (I'm still trying to forgive myself for choosing to pay for it...)2. The last time I had the Pancetta Wrapped Meat Loaf, it had more beef and less of whatever they put in it this time. This time it was essentially a Sausage Loaf. The gravy and sauces were a bit off this time. I think the gravy turned out to be more of a watered down version of salsa verde, and the port wine sauce kind of got lost in the mix. The redeeming value of the dish? The potato/sweet potato puree and spinach. SOOOOOO good. 3. The crispy calamari was just that. Crispy breading and tasty rings of squid. But all of us agreed that the marinated cucumbers and hearts of palm with coriander vinaigrette was the highlight of the dish. In the end, my recommendation is sit at the bar, your service will be phenomenal. PS: Is it not a requirement in Vegas anymore that servers have to have a nametag? I had to specifically ask Tony his name when he came to the table. No nametag...
5	Spago is a great place with good menu items. I frequent this restaurant a few times a month and it's as good as they say! The selection is fresh, healthy and creative. The bread comes with a platter of salt, butter, and olive oil. One of my favorites is the Braised Beef Goulash. It is served with sauteed spatzle and the meat is so tender and juicy! Spago has a great lunch/dinner menu, and has a kids menu as well. Great place to try!
4	Ive dined here on several occasions. For an upscale establishment, it is perfect for every occasion. I have enjoyed many of the menu items including an arugula salad, pizza, and an exceptionally cooked duck.
4	The Forum Shops is my favorite mall so I'm there often and always go to Spago!! It's always consistent- the service is always great and the food is good. I've tried many different things from their menu and never really had anything that I did not like!! I always start with the fried calamari. I love it!! It is delicious. The sweet chili sauce it comes with is delicious and the cucumber salad that it comes with is delicious!! Though I get it every time, there is one thing I would change about it. I would use seasoned breadcrumbs!! If the breadcrumbs they use are seasoned, you really cannot tell at all. I know the sauce is supposed to provide the flavor but the calamari just needs a little kick. Other items that I have tried that are very good are the black truffle fettucine, roasted organic chicken, spaghetti, chicken parm sandwich, asian chicken salad - they were all good and I would recommend any of those items!!And my favorite thing - the olive oil that they give in addition to sea salt and butter for the bread bowl. This olive oil is amazing!! It's very potent and has an intense flavor that I can't really describe but I end up dipping my chicken in it, french fries, calamari, potatoes, i will put that olive oil on anything!!!The ambiance of this place is average. It's considered high end dining but I find it to be extremely casual. My boyfriend goes there in a hat and sneakers and they don't mind. I like it though - great food and not a stuffy place at all. The servers are always really cool too!!
4	Guy's night out!!  Came here last Sunday and had a blast...My T's newest addition Max kept us well entertained.I'm a huge meatloaf fan, and I came here not knowing that they were known for their meatloaf and the yelpers had reviewed it so much.  So we shared the 6 course seasonal tasting and had the meatloaf on the side in case we didn't get full.The 6 course tasting is great... from kobe sliders, to sashimi spoons, to flatbreads.  The final meat dish (pork loin and pork belly was not the best ending to the tasting.  The pork belly was all fat).  Everything else was great.I would definitely order from the menu, whether its the cafe menu or the actual dinner menu.  Pancetta wrapped meatloaf!!!!  Try it!!!  It is definitely the densest meatloaf I've had.  Very filling.So there are two menus, the cafe one is actually really affordable, if you are looking for a quick casual bite.
5	ugh. I have naughty dreams about Spago's duck breast. for a Chinese person to say that Spago's duck is better than Peking duck is a big. friggin. deal. crab cakes are the perfect consistency. the oysters were fantastically fresh. great service... this place brings me much joy
1	DO NOT EAT HERE FOOD POISONING!! I have never been sicker in my life.  my dad and I ate here and we both got violently ill.  When we called to tell the restaurant the manager did not care and said it must have been something else- it was DEFINITELY SPAGO AND AN UNCLEANED SALAD THEY SERVED US!! STAY AWAY!
4	Ate here two nights in a row. Found the food to be quite good, the service fast and accommodating. Choices on the menu were wide and compelling. First nigh I enjoyed the oysters as an appetizer. They were tasteful and served ice cold as they should be. Entree was the Ahi Tuna which was served rare and was delicious. Second time started with the octopus salad followed by the chicken. Again very good. Spaggo was not busy on either night, so I trust that the service on a busier night would still be good.
4	The great thing about Spago is that no matter when or location you can always count on great service. From the Host to the Bar Keeps to the Servers and everyone in between. They don't complain about serving Pizza in the main dining room or ever come across pretentious. For that alone I love this place. The food is always well cooked, with fresh ingredients and depth of flavor. The duck haunts me, it is so sweet, moist, almost beautiful. My companions opted for Pizza's and since I use the Wolfgang recipe at home for crust, I always love to taste what it really should be and not my half witted attempt at copying it. Fresh veggies, meats and sauce all nearly perfectly balanced. Grab a cocktail and Kobe sliders at the Bar and chat up the Bartenders.
4	We go here early because it's the opening night of The Smith Center. We arrive at 5 and they are just opening the restaurant in the back.They sat 8 of us in the back in a booth where we could spy on Matt Goss eating his dinner in his ever present jaunty hat.  We had a seafood platter thing to share, oysters, shrimp et al. Excellent. I ordered an enormous steak which was delicious and a rare treat, wifee had a much healthier fish dish. It's a great menu with good service and a superb location. I can't comment on pricing because someone else picked up the tab but very enjoyable and worth a visit.
4	After winning it big at hold'em I decided to take my girlfriend to Spago for a late afternoon lunch. Having made a lot of Wolfgang's recipes at home and having gone to several of his other restaurants I went in with certain expectations. I ordered the signature smoked salmon pizza with salmon roe and my girlfriend ordered a pasta with asparagus. Both were fantastic. The salmon and and roe were generous. I liked the very contemporary decor.  However, we were tucked away in a corner of the restaurant and service was below my expectations. We only saw our waiter for the ordering and serving, we couldn't get any refills on our drinks, sort of disappointing.  Overall a must try in Vegas if you can't make it to the one in LA.
5	Service is spectacular. We had reservations and showed up early on a busy night - seated immediately. Just hope you're lucky enough to get Tom as your server - everything he recommended was delicious, and trust him with a wine pairing too!From the menu try: Symphony of tuna, beet salad, scallops, mushroom risotto - all done to perfection (although I'm confident anything you choose will be just as good).Overall - this was the best restaurant experience I've had in years! Thanks Spago!
3	I came here expecting oh so much more. I had the octopus salad appetizer, very disappointed. It was supposed to be grilled...I was expecting a bit of char with tender meat to the bite. Instead it was chewy, had no indication of it being grilled and did not have much taste. Its only saving grace was the white bean ragu it sat over which was delicious.I'm a huge fan of octopus and love to try it at any place that dares to prepare this very difficult dish to master. The only folks who get it right are the Spaniards (in Galicia, Spain where Octopus is a signature dish) and Greeks, who know how to grill it just right.Everyone else just can't seem to get it right. It's a shame too, because most Americans have never had it and if their first introduction to it is through a less-than-stellar experience they will be turned off and conclude it's not very good.Octopus is amazing!
4	Delicious. After a short wait, my boyfriend and I were in for a great dining experience.  Spago is located in the Forum Shops and is a Wolfgang Puck restaurant.  The decor inside is elegant, service was tremendous, and to food was amazing.  My boyfriend's Beef Tenderloin was huge and juicy.  My seabass was moist and buttery, just how I like it.  The calamari was standard.  All in all, a great dining experience but a little tough on the wallet!(+) service, decor, taste(-) pricey, crowded
1	Stopped by the hostess counter Saturday afternoon to inquire about grabbing a couple of seats at the bar later in the evening, but the hostess said reservations are available, so I put my name down for 8 pm.When we arrived (wife and myself), we noticed 2 seats at the bar close to the kitchen, being a chef, restaurant owner, and just all around foodie, I opted for the bar and view of the kitchen. Bartender asked if we were having dinner and I said yes, we got a couple of drinks, and after what seemed like a tad too long we were finally asked about our food order, only after reading other reviews on this place do I now realize that " the awesome bread basket" was never offered to us. So we settle in and wait, sipping our drinks and munching on nothing, oblivious to the availability of "awesome bread" but at this point we are still happily anticipating the tasty food that is about to come from the chef that says something like "more chef and less celebrity" about his operation. Well, out come the oysters, their nice and the ginger rhubarb mignonette sauce is flavorful. Now on to the baby arugula salad, it's some really wilted greens on this slimy lump of tasteless goo called burrata cheese and on top of the goo lump is a lonely slice of prosciutto made inedible by the pile of overdressed "salad" placed on top of it. YechI'm still not unhappy though, because my pizza is coming next, yum Wolfgang Puck pizza! I ordered the pepperoni and asked for anchovies on it too. Well, too much cheese and too much pepperoni and not enough time in the oven, along with being placed on a glass plate with no tissue underneath make for a very limp soggy pizza, then to top it off, the anchovies they used were the marinated white variety, delicious for eating as antipasti, but have NO place on a pizza. So now I'm fairly well disappointed and decide against trying anything else on the menu, oh did I mention that none of the dirty dishes were ever removed from the bar, we had to slide em out of the way to make room. I ask for the check and for some reason I looked it over a bit more than usual and notice a misc food charge of 5.00 and realize that's what they wanted for adding maybe 2 fillets of the wrong kind of anchovy to my pizza, keep in mind the whole pizza was 16.00, so this charge of almost 35 percent of the whole pie seems excessive. Now I'm kinda pissed, and I'm not a cheap POS, it just seems wrong so I ask for the manager and explain my concern, I can tell by the way he's looking and reacting to me that he could care less and told him so, all the while getting the "knee" from my wife, now it starts getting ugly, I can feel people looking at me causing a scene, and I'm trying to get the manager to just take off the anchovy and add the beer that was mistakenly left off the check which would actually increase my tab by 3.00. Now the manager says he won't accept any money, and this makes me even more angry because I wasn't looking for a damn discount or a comp. So wife's foot is jabbing me harder now and I'm getting really pissed, because now I look like that cheap POS trying to get something for nothing, all I can do is walk out with my tail between my legs as a cheap POS that DID get something for nothing and embarrassed as hell. Lesson learned from this, quit trying " celebrity chef restaurants" and so help me I will NEVER make a comment to an owner or manager, I just won't patronize their establishment again. I don't need the grief.
4	I though the peach drink I got was excellent, if a bit small.The pasta option I ordered for dinner was well done and damn tasty.I don't think I can give this five stars without tasting a few more dishes, but the price was reasonable for Vegas and I felt the service was very good.  Worth a second run.
4	Went for lunch and it was great. I went with several friends so I was able to try a few different things. I personally ordered the pancetta wrapped meatloaf which was excellent. It had a very smooth almost creamy texture with some really great flavor. I'd also say that with this dish you get plenty of food for your buck. The pizza was good too but there really isn't much pizza out there I don't like. Cheese and bread is always a safe bet. Some of my other girlfriends got the pasta dishes and said that they were delicious but the portions were a little too small. Overall, It's a great restaurant. Lunch is a good time to go when it isn't crowded and the plates are less expensive.
5	I had dinner and the food was great, service was great! It helps when you have a few friends that work in the kitchen because we got a amuse bouche between courses!
5	Had a great time here! The server was full of character and was EXTREMELY accommodating to my vegan diet. There is something for everyone, and if there isn't, they'll make something that is. Four kinds of breads to start and huge portions for lunch. Skip breakfast and head to Spago for lunch! Best dining experience in Vegas yet!
4	I love this place. I really like the service and ambiance, and it is almost always visited when we are in town.Valet your car at the mall, and take the elevator up and you are at the front entrance.  Convenience is a small plus compared to the always delightful menu selections.We loaded up on some appetizers as they all sounded good.  Soup of the day was delicious, perhaps because it was loaded with cream.  My wifes salad was great too.  The crabcakes were well prepared and loaded with tasty crab.  I got the kobe beef sliders for my kids, and they were more well done than I would have done for that quality of beef.  Pretty good none the less based on the tiny bite I was able to trade them for.This trip I had a pizza.  Spago's style of pizza I do enjoy.  The woodfired pizza has fresh tasty ingredients and a great mix of flavors.Perhaps we over ordered, because we boxed up some pizza and my wifes entree, being too full to enjoy more.
5	I visited Spago for the first time early on a Friday evening and was treated like an old friend. The general manager, Michael Schwarz was very attentive and made sure that I was well taken care of. The place has a warm, friendly neighborhood vibe which is created and encouraged by the staff, which is amazing considering it is smack dab in the middle of Las Vegas.  Peter our bartender was delightful and the cocktails were the best I'd had in Vegas. If you are looking for a  fun place to chat over dinner and drinks, people watch, and not feel like you are deep in the Vegas scene, this is the best place to go.
5	My Number 1 place in Vegas.  Superior Lunch.  Finally had the Chicken Salad sandwich on the Walnut Cherry Bread with the housemade salt n vionegar kettle chips and frisee salad.  Awesome.  Enjoyed the Chopped Vegetable and Chinois Chicken Salad.  Wife enjoyed the curry Shrimp.  Superior service by James.  Came here near close for salad and Pizza after Santana Concert. at the bar with Peter, a pro's pro.  Best Woodfire Pizza in the business still.
4	We go here from time to time when in Las Vegas, but not regularly.  Like many places in Las Vegas, the food is decent but the price is high.What you will get here is slightly imaginative food -- they serve olive oil and a selection of salts with the bread, for example.  But in the end, a pizza is a pizza, and these are good but not great.The ambiance, however, is way above average, and thus the fourth star.  See my picture for the view you get when dining on their patio.Hint:  There are two restaurants here.  The fancy one to the right as you come in and the more casual one to the left.  The fancy one is not better and is more expensive, and there is no patio dining.  The confusion is because there is only one check in stand.  Be sure to get a table in the casual area, to the left, and definitely on the patio.
5	There are 2 separate dining areas/menus for SPAGO (the cafe and the dinner area ('aka upscale dining' area).  This review is for dinner.. where entrees are $30+.Food: 5 starsService: 5+ starsLocation: In the walkway as you enter the forum shops.We ordered:- Asparagus salad (white/green).  Served soft & cold.  Very different from what we expected but it was GOOD!- Pan seared duck breast.  Once I took my first bite, it was over.  I didn't want to talk to my husband, and I just wanted to keep eating.  If you looked at my plate you probably would've thought I licked it clean!  Not an ounce of anything was left.. their duck is really comparable to some Chinese restaurants if not better!- Braised beef short ribs.  Not an ounce of fat on them!  Two juicy big lump pieces came delivered to our table and I look at my husband, and I already knew he was thinking 'that's it? that wont be enough' .. but he couldn't even finish his meal!- Bread pudding.  Wow, the bread pudding here was better than some places we had it at in N'awlins!Our salad came split for sharing, its like they already knew!  AWESOME!Another server came with a plate of fresh bread for us to choose from.. he gave us one of everything! All of it was really good, the sourdough, pretzel, and cranberry walnut were our favorite!Service is top notch here!  Servers cover your glass while pouring so it doesn't splatter all over the place, they brought my wine with an extra decanter, and they even scraped the crumbs off our table with crumbers..  Wolfgang Puck you did not disappoint!
5	Outstanding!  We went here on our wedding night and the food and service were just outstanding!  The prices were not bad either.  We must have been early enough to still get their lunch menu, and noticed that the prices were very reasonable.  I had fresh pasta and it was perfect al dente.  Will repeat next time we are in Vegas!
4	GREAT people watching here, especially if you sit by the mall side.  I got steak and veggies both were very good. I've eaten here a handful of times and it's really good. Prices are great too.  And the menu is varied so someone can get a pizza, you can get a steak, someone else can get pasta-- works out for everyone. It's also right outside the Caesar's entrance to the forum shops so if you are going to a concert it's super close like 4-5 min walk.I do wish they would add my butternut squash soup and/or pumpkin raviolis back to the menu. Those 2 dishes are AMAZING and are worth any drive to enjoy them!
5	LOVE IT!Mushroom soup and mushroom ravioli is AMAZING!!!Always stop here in Vegas!
1	supppperrr expensive! food was ok-good. one star because their service is supppperr slow!! the restaurant wasn't even pack and there was barely anyone around us!! boyfriend and i came here for dinner, before our cirque du soleil show. &&we did not plan to stay here for 3 hours!! ..it seriously look 3 hours.. we weren't even eating slow... so.. we ended up rushing them -.- oh.. and did i mention over priced??
5	Spago is one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas. Great for lunch or dinner.The pasta dishes are amazing. They change the ravioli fillings regularly. The veal and mushroom are excellent choices. The staff at Spago is attentive and friendly.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! LOVE! LOVE! LOVE!I never would have thought they served excellent food here. But was I wrong! It was a lovely evening starting from the beginning. The service was excellent our server was very prompt and friendly.There are many restaurants in Cesar's Palace and I must say this is the best!I started with the Cesar Salad which was great the lettuce was crispy and cold. The dressing was not to lite nor too soggy just perfect. The dressing did have the fresh hint of anchovies (so if your not into aroma of anchovies skip this).Next was the two pasta dishes...I had the Wild Mushroom Ravioli first was mushroom ravioli with english peas, garlic, caramelized shallots and reggiano cheese. This dish was the highlight of my night! I would give this dish 10/10 amazing amazing! The pasta was soo moist and fresh and if you ever tasted fresh made pasta you know what it tastes like. The dish was just soo fresh and lite overall the sauce was a very light mushroom sauce that went great with the pasta because the pasta was soo fresh and you wouldn't want to have a heavy sauce go with fresh pasta (cause thats a no no).The Mushroom Ravioli blew me away so I wanted to try another pasta dish...Next came the Hand Cut Spaghttini T.B.G.Very simple yet very delicious!  Tomatoes, basil and  garlic (hence the T.B.G.) in a Pistou sauce or a cold sauce made from cloves of garlic, fresh basil, and olive oil. Amazing the dish was soo homemade and yet it had this kind of sophistication and technique that blew my mind. I'm back in Los Angles now and I'm still dream of going back to Las Vegas to eat Spago in Cesar's Palace.
3	Located inside Caesars Palace. Prettttyy good food. I was surprised, because I didn't expect too much from Spago. Their menu is very limited, but the wild mushroom ravioli is highly recommended.
4	Yuuuuum! Awesome service at dinner.The lady at the bar was inattentive.
5	I was a bit apprehensive when making a last minute reservation to Spago, I'd never heard reviews and it wasn't terribly busy.  I was worried it wasn't busy because it wasn't good.  Boy, was I wrong. This was some of the best food and service we've ever received.  We enjoyed the Chef's Selection 6 course meal and it was worth every penny.  I can't wait to come back.  The flavors were fresh, crisp and delicious.  The server was amazing.  He knew we were in a time crunch, but somehow still delivered the meal in a relaxing and enjoyable way.  I was so impressed with each servers knowledge of the cuisine they were serving.
5	Light, delicious,  and right outside the casino.
5	With so many restaurants to go to, it's sometimes tough to pull the trigger on one.  A friend chose Spago.  It was awesome!  We started with their margarita and tuna sashimi flatbreads.  I then could not decide between a Spanish inspired seared ahi tuna or a French inspired halibut...Chef Klein happened to walk by and following a few minutes of pleasant conversation, I choice the halibut...amazing!  Banana bread pudding was a great conclusion.  Only negative is that it would have been nice to have a broader variety of reasonably priced wines.  Highly recommend.
5	The food here is amazing.  I had the Greek Pizza which was one of the greatest pizza's I've ever had.  Our waitress (whose name I forgot) was delightful and very accommodating.  We also sat behind the headliner of Caesar's and his manager, PussyCat Doll founder Robin Antin, which was pretty exciting.
3	Cafe lunch in the forum shops! (Although I wish I tried dinner instead)Wonderfully professional service---complimentary basket of a variety of YUMMY breads. I liked the onion bread & raisin bread but the cheese chip was just ok---lamb chorizo wood-fired pizza: I thought the crust could have been more crispy but the flavors were not badDidnt get to try the shrimp with jasmine rice but someone at our table ordered it & the shrimp were HUGE!
5	Had lunch here after MESA GRILL turned us away.  Lucky for us!  While we've had good meals at Bobby's, Spago was nothing short of spectacular.  We had a caesar that was very good.  Wife had prime rib quesadilla that was GREAT!  I had the sausage BBQ pizza which is probably the beat pizza I've had in memory.  Also the bread service was awesome.Service very good and timely.
5	Absolutely love SPAGO.....AND THEY ARE THE ONLY RESTAURANT OPEN SUPER DUPER LATE!!!
5	This place was just absoulety wonderful! our waiter was so helpful and prompt. Sometimes to have a wonderful experience its the little things that matter. Water was always refill. Waiter was always in sight. We came here for lunch and order the calamari and its unbelieveable. it came with some peppers which i dont like spicy and the waiter pointed out that it was not spicy and the peppers are used in asian culture to cleanse the mouth for the next meal. (got a history lesson). My wife order the crab cakes and i order steak. It was sooooo worth it! and the breads they give you at the start are wonderful! LOVE this place
5	Came here on a whim with my parents and girlfriend. The service and food were impeccable. I will be coming back in October on our next Vegas trip.
4	El Spago Haikumy husband sits across from meunparalleled service exquisite cuisine, memorably delicioso
4	We ate at the spago cafe after getting in to Vegas on a late flight.  The tuna sashimi and oysters were superb as was the chopped salad.  Strawberry shortcake for dessert and two cocktails made with St Germaine were perfect.  Great service too.  Will definitely return.
4	Spago is great! The turkey sandwich I had wasn't dry, nor bland. The bread they serve is tasty as well... something else - it's not just plain bread. I would eat their bread the whole time if it were possible. :)The atmosphere is kinda... hm... it's in the Forum shops of Caesar's Palace so A LOT of people are walking around, thus, it's kinda really noisy.It's not too expensive for my taste. You get what you pay for and what I got was really good quality food and service.
5	Everything here was so good!  My friend and I were seated at the perfect table right next to the shop area, so we had a great view of the Forum Shops.  The complimentary bread basket was delicious.  We had to order extra foccacia.  I ate three of those and I normally don't get excited about foccacia.  My friend's Simple Salad had a beautiful presentation.  She said it tasted really good too.I ordered the Hand Cut Spaghettini TBG.   I had seen another customer with it and it looked really good, but I was hesitant to order it because it was vegetarian.  I'm glad I did though.  It was absolutely amazing!  I didn't miss the protein for even one second.  This was clearly one of the best pastas I've ever had in a restaurant.  The noodles were cooked perfectly and the sauce was light yet flavorful.  Wolfgang Puck sure knows his stuff!
2	After checking out almost every restaurant menu on the Las Vegas strip, I made reservations at Spago....simply because their menu stated that they had Vegetarian options, unlike the other restaurants. Their vegetarian options were basically pastas so they weren't anything special. Judging by the other reviews, maybe the non-veggie options were good but we didn't experience anything special with their "Vegetarian options," which weren't worth the price. Meh.
5	Awesome food, that's all I have to say. Soft shell crab was the special for the day and it was the best thing we ate.
5	The food was awesome here!  My boyfriend and I split the Margherita Pizza and iceberg lettuce salad (forget the name), both were really good.  The others in our party ordered other pizzas and entrees and everyone enjoyed the food!Service was great.  We had a party of 9 at around 2pm, the place was packed but our server was very attentive with refilling water and more orders of mimosas.
5	I love Spago, every time I go to Vegas I make sure to dine at SpagoI don't think I ever tried a dish that I did not like - everything is so good, well seasoned, great flavors, exciting menue
5	Ready to eat the crab salad to start. Then the beet salad then wine.I have never had a bad meal here!!ALWAYS ALWAYS top notch and very delicious and satisfying!!!!!And they will accommodate your food needs.Service is always excellent! Extremely attentive, they don't miss a thing, very into details...... I love that!!!Love the bread here and the dipping sauces.The sea bass fish is absolutely wonderful!!!Their signature lamb chop is divine!!!The spaghettini is a must......... I can't stop, this is making me hungry!!!It is SO worth your time and your tummy and taste buds will thank you!!Absolutely a foodgasma and a stop for me every time I am in Vegas, which is 5 times a year!
5	Definitely a great dining experience and I would certainly recommend it to anyone who enjoys great food!While waiting for Celine's show, my fiance & I decided to grab dinner before the show.  We didn't have time to order an appetizer, but the assortment of breads were quite fresh and enough to hold us over until our entrees arrived.My entree was the Red Wine Braised Beef Short Ribs, and it was honestly out of this world.  It isn't a dish that I normally covet, but this was an amazing attempt to remake a normally plain American dish.  The beef was so tender that I didn't even need a knife for it, and the sauce complimented it so well that every bite I took renewed my appreciation of great food; definitely recommend it to all, definitely 5+ stars.Our other entree was the Pan Seared Duck Breast which was also pretty savory.  The meat was quite tender and it came in an orange sauce with mushrooms that complimented it very well.  It wasn't the best I've ever had, but still pretty darn good, 4 stars.I was initially inclined to give this restaurant 4 stars because the menu seems pretty basic (in terms of options, NOT skill or flavor).  But, when I requested an iced tea and  all they offered was something I can't drink, the waiter (Scott) offered a non-menu tea & threw it on ice.  That service right there definitely bumped it up for me.
2	There were about 8 of us in the party.  The food was fine, but the rating was more based on the service.  It took us over 1.5 hrs to get food.  4 of us ordered sandwiches/wraps.  I don't mind a two hour lunch, but I'm used to getting food within a reasonable time and spending the time talking and eating.  We were just waiting a long time for food.  The service as far as refilling our drinks was also horrible.  The place was basically empty, so I expect much better service.  One of our party mentioned that the service was really bad and that he wanted the 18% gratuity (already tacked on for a party of our size which is the norm) to be removed.  It wasn't.  I'm not saying they shouldn't get any tip, but when the service is this bad, 18%?? Needless to say, I won't be coming back.
3	Fine (but not exciting) food hampered by mediocre and inattentive service. That would be the best way to describe my dining experience at Spago this past weekend. We had originally intended to order their 6 course Tasting Menu ($95) so we asked the waiter to see a copy. Inexplicably he said there was no printed copy of the menu in the restaurant and he did not volunteer the information as to what was on it. When we pressed him to describe the menu to us, he mumbled in generalities and could not tell us what the individual selections were for the various courses. He also seemed annoyed that we were questioning him and was visibly relieved (for some reason) when we declined the offer of the Tasting Menu. To be fair, the dishes on offer that he could remember (courses 1 and 2) were lifted right from the informal "lunch/cafe" menu and could hardly be described as exciting or worth the extra cost. Unfortunately the rest of the service followed that of the waiter. The man charged with bringing bread regularly to the table did so only once (for some reason, a bread basket is served in the cafe area but not in the dinner section of the restaurant) and we twice had dishes incorrectly delivered to us that were ordered by a neighboring table. Our drinks also took more than 15 minutes to prepare which would have been understandable since it was a busy Saturday night but not when we clearly saw that the table next to us which came later got their drinks delivered immediately. Finally, for the first half of our dinner the restaurant played overly loud techno-style music which detracted from the ambiance until it was changed later to a more suitable, jazz-y soundtrack. After all this criticism, I should turn to the food which was quite good without being in any way extraordinary. I had the grilled octopus salad (18), the Filet Mignon (49), and the raspberry baked Alaska (10-12 and the highlight of the meal) while my companion ordered the symphony of tuna (24), the bone-in veal (45), and the key lime desert (10-12). The bone-in-veal was served with a delicious mushroom risotto which I probably would have ordered as a meal unto itself. All in all I can't fault the food but I'm inclined to think that I overpaid slightly and could probably have found a better meal at a lower price. However Spago was right next to the Coliseum theater and as we needed a post-show dinner it proved very convenient. I can't speak for the cafe menu but I did notice that the cafe section was crowded and very energetic and offered the opportunity for good people watching in the Forum shops. The cafe menu is noticeably cheaper than the dinner menu so Spago might be a good place to stop by for lunch.
5	From start to finish everything was SPECTACULAR! I absolutely recommend this place to everyone. I love Wolfgang but this place was by far his best restaurant I've been to. the service was beyond amazing. I ordered ice tea and I only had 3 sips a server replaced my drink bc my ice was melting now that's service! Our main server Ingrid was beyond pleasant, she was very friendly and by far the best service I've ever had. Now if only we could get that kind of service at BOA steakhouse! We ordered the caprese salade, roast beef, and my favorite the salmon w jasmine rice and Bok Choy hong kong style! by far this is the best salmon I've had in my life. If only Spago is in LA, I would definitely come to this restaurant every week! very nice ambiance, excellent food and service what more can you ask for?! One of my favorite restaurant in the whole country!
2	The pizzas here are ok.  The quality of the pizzas didn't meet my expectations of a Wolfgang Puck restaurant.  The service wasn't so great either.  There were two managers walking around like mobsters. I've even caught them messing around off to the side. I just didn't get the feel of an upscale pizzeria here.  I've had way better pizzas. The complimentary bread basket was yummier than the pizzas:(
5	Anyone who rates this Spago less than 5 Stars clearly did not have the tasting menu.  We made reservations early for a Thursday night and asked the maitre d if they could do a tasting menu for a vegetarian and a non-vegetarian at the same time.  He laughed and said it wouldn't be a problem if the chef was in a good mood.When we arrived, I asked our server if the chef was in a good mood and he responded "Yes, and we love vegetarians!"  In fact, he told me that they can accomodate people of all allergies, sensitivities and preferences including vegan or gluten free.The reason Stefan D did not get a written tasting menu is because the chef makes it up as he goes along (which we learned from the chef two years ago when we came to the same location for the tasting menu and he came out to visit with us toward the end of our meal).  Although each course is not a great deal of food, you will be absolutely stuffed by the end.  The most spectacular part of the meal for me was these enormous ice teardrops that were hollow and contained two spoons of different delicious dishes.  (My nonvegetarian husband asked me three times to tell him what the house made lychee beads were he loved them so much).As expected, most of the dishes for me were vegetarian versions of the meat dishes - I got a portobello burger instead of Kobe beef, but I'm not a big fan of portobello normally and I LOVED it.The service was also excellent.  I cannot say enough wonderful things about this Spago.  It was an experience you don't want to miss.  One word of caution, if you get the wine pairings with the tasting menu, make sure you are not driving afterwards.
4	After picking up tickets at will-call for Absinthe, we figured "hmmmm, now where to eat?"We were stranded on the expansive grounds at Caesar's Palace and figured the wisest choice was to check out the restaurants inside the hotel. That being said, we headed straight for the forum shops!A quick stroll lead us to Wolfgang Puck's world famous Spago!Having dined previously at the iconic Beverly Hills location, I came with an expectation of good quality food and great service. We were running late so we wanted a quick but tasty meal. With the attractive al fresco dining option albeit indoors with artificial skyline and people watching galore, we opted for cafe seating. Within moments, we were seated and began perusing the menu. For appetizers, we enjoyed the oysters on a half shell. Let me tell ya, these lil' guys were fresh, plump and with the addictively tangy cocktail sauce, it was a virtual party in my mouth! Foodgasm guaranteed!Now onto the entrees:Spaghettini with a side of roasted chicken - I've been on a scratch made pasta kick lately, so when I had heard they rolled out fresh pasta daily, I was instantly sold!  There's a difference in the texture, flavor and overall mouthfeel of the pasta! If you haven't had it fresh I strongly advise you try a plate of the spaghettini here. It's phenomenal! Each strand was coursing with a vibrant red sauce which lent its wonderful aroma from the fresh basil. The richness of the sauce and marked acidity came from the ropa vieja tomatoes, which rounded out the flavor profiles of this winning dish perfectly.And the chicken? Tender and juicy with an irresistibly crispy skin that I devoured in a flash!Lamb Chorizo Pizza with rapini, sundries tomatoes, goat cheese and cilantro -  Now this was my kinda pizza pie! It was nice and thin but definitely not lacking in the flavor department by any means. The lamb chorizo was savory and well seasoned and the crunchy rapini added a pleasant  contrast in texture. The chopped cilantro and fresh tomato brightened up the dish and definitely took this droolworthy pizza to another level of deliciousness! Service was prompt and friendly. Our waters were always filled and staff constantly stopped by to see how we were doing, which was nice for a bustling cafe. We enjoyed an elegant meal that was quick, unfussy and delicious!Overall, I was quite pleased with my experience here and it goes without saying I'd  definitely come back.  Hopefully with time to spare on my next visit, ill give the main dining room a whirl.Until then,Happy Eats!
4	Let's be honest.The name on the restaurant  = expectations.Wolfgang Puck... you did not disappoint.I went in without much expectation. I actually expected it to be a little overrated.Boy, was I wrong.I will start with the service.As soon as we walked in the manager greeted us and made small talk.At such a big-name restaurant, it was unexpected. Then, we were led to a table in the smack middle of the restaurant (the manager said that it was the best seat in the house.. maybe he was exaggerating, but it made us feel so loved!!! lol) From their wine selection to choices in entree, I appreciated the variety. Here is a list of foods I've tried and their ratings.-Blue crab salad: fresh and refreshing-hongkong style salmon: a little too salty, but the fish was not dry-at all.-ahi tuna: cooked to perfection!-short ribs: so tender and the gnocchi that comes with it: mmmnomnom!-filet mignon: melts in your mouth.
5	Spago rocks. You can dine casually on the front mall side or in the back dining room. Three of us chose to celebrate my birthday, a week early, on August 7, for dinner. We reserved a table, and it was not very busy. I have eaten here since the original opening. They have managers and staff that do it right. Chef Eric Klein, had spent Monday refitting the entire kitchen line, and was into his 26 hour without rest, I think. Our waiter was on it. Wine was great. Raul had short ribs. I had Kobe style beef, subbing veggies for starch. I had to reach over for a nibble in the short ribs... That's a gift from heaven. Adding to the mix is the world class management team, and attentive bar crew.mEven if you do not care about celebrities or VIPs , Spago vegas, is  the landing zone for most in the know. This night proved my point. As we arrived the men in black with ear buds and bulges , surveyed the room, and then poof....President Bill  Clinton walked in to sit with friends in the main dining area. We were well  In to our shrimp cocktail, six big ones, gone in sixty seconds.  The secret service folks are amazing and were about as professional as any crew I have seen. As we wrapped up, Chef Klein, sent out a custom desert, without much prompting, for my birthday..I guess the waiter picked up on my comments about feeling old. The fresh pear was rolled and cut , dusted with panko crumbs and cinnamon,many fried like a donut. After the drizzled imported chocolate decoration and a scoop of fresh chocolate ice cream...I was nt sure I could share...but we had a unique, memorable evening.
4	The food is on point...and the service is superb.  I recommend the chicken breast with goat cheese and make sure you can sit on the outside or mall portion of the restaurant in order to people watch.  What more can I say?
5	Spago has been credited for starting the fine dining trend in Vegas. This is probably my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas. I've been here several times now, and I've never had a bad meal here. I love that you have the option of sitting in the 'patio area' and enjoying their more casual 'cafe' menu or sitting in the dining room and enjoying the regular Spago restaurant. Both are great options with their own pros.The patio area is FANTASTIC for people watching. The menu is always changing, and the food is always great. The wood fire pizzas are always a great choice. They're perfect for sharing between 2 people. The fried calamari is also very delicious. The service is wonderful., and they also have one of the yummiest bread baskets ever! The menu for the dining room is pricier and fancier. The food and ambiance is great.  It is much quieter than the patio; perfect for special occasions! The dishes are very innovative and delicious. This menu changes daily. I haven't seen the same menu twice. I believe they also offer a tasting menu in the dining room for the foodies who want to thoroughly experience all that Spago has to offer.The desserts here are WONDERFUL. Kudos to the pastry chef! Definitely save room for dessert when dining at Spago. Last time I was there I had the Lemon-Blueberry baked Alaska. It was amazing! I loved the flavors!  Also, while all the dishes on the regular menu are prepared with peanut oil, many of the dessert menus are not. I came here with a friend with a peanut allergy, and instead of ordering a real meal, she just went to town with the dessert menu :)
2	5 Stars for the Food! 1 Star for our server which was horrible!My girlfriend and I have dined with Spago's a few times and every time we leave the restaurant satisfied. However this past weekend we met one of the worse wattress in fine dining. Her name was Keren. A few points about Keren1. Rushed us to order2. Never smiled 3. Checked on us only once during the meal4. Everyone in the restaurant received their amuse bouche except us (our bill even listed it came with the meal but we never received it)5. Our food took a long time and she never once came by during the time we waited to reassure us it was coming out or was apologetic.6. No smile, I didn't feel welcomedOn to the food. We ordered the braised short ribs and the veal. The short ribs were excellent, came with knocchi on the bottom, very well portions. With the veal, I would skip it. Maybe I'm not a veal eater but it reminds me of pork chops. Overall, I think the wattress really left a bad taste in my mouth so my appetite was not well.
5	Two Words: Mouth watering. Sunday night is kind of a dead night for Vegas standards, but you couldn't tell when we showed up here. We were early for our reservation but that wasn't a problem and the hostess was a doll and seated us right away. Service- I don't remember the name of the gentleman that helped us, I'm bummed about that because he deserved to be recognized. He had great suggestions, brought out complimentary mushroom soup (which was amazing), and made sure we never ran out of drinks. Couldn't thank him more. Food- Very good. I hard the seared Ahi Tuna. Browned around the edges. My friend had the Chicken which was had a combination of fried and grilled chicken, really good. Everything was above expectations. Overall- I'll definitely be back. Had a great time. Make sure you dress appropriately, it's really tacky to see people in t-shirts at a 100 dollar meal place.
5	We had drinks at Spago on a Thursday night before dinner.  We asked to sit at a table and told them we were only having a drink.  They were so gracious and not only sat us at an amazing people watching table but also brought the bread bowl.  The waiter was extremely friendly and said no worries that we were only staying for a drink.  Great location in the Forum shops and all of the food smelled amazing.  Would go back for a meal next time!
5	Each time we come to Las Vegas, I swear im going to pass up on Spago this trip and try a new place or an establishment that we've never frequented.  Easier said than done.  We drank at the bar twice here.  Peter is one of Las Vegas's best.  Fixes great cocktails and converses well without getting obnoxious.  We ate in the Caffe as we enjoy the casual vibe there.  We requested our 2 favorite servers, James or Chicago Tom.  Tom was on shift and the Hostess accomodated us with a friendly smile(not often the case in vegas) Tom recognized us and remembered we re from Chicago.  I wanted to order the Prime skirt steak quesadilla but Tom told me it was no longer on the menu, but that he could get the kitchen to make it....Thats what 5 star service means.  Making things happen.  Told em to forget it as it was a chance to try something else. We tried the Prime Beef Sliders...AWESOME. and ofcourse 2 classic Spago chopped Salads.  The freshest vegetables you can ever eat. Rather than go with our regular lamb chorizo pizza(which is great, order extra sauce, extra well done), my wife got the  Curry Shrimp and i had the Wild Mushroom Ravioli.  We shared.  Both, extraordinary flavor.  Great meal.  Tom was on top of it the whole time despite working the whole room.  We passed on dessert, but ordered cappucinos.  We order it extra extra hot everywhere but never comes out that way.  At Spago, with a professional server like Tom and all the staff really, i couldnt even drink it for minutes. 30 years later, place still is packed.  Not just for the name, but high quality food with immense flavor prepared and delivered at a high level.  Spago is great..
4	We came here because he makes a good soup in a can.Since we didn't want to melt outside in the 40 degree heat, we opted to stay in Caesars and enjoy as much of the air-con as we could. We glanced at the menus for a number of places, but Spago's Cafe menu really jumped out at us. We asked for a reservation for 12 people at 6pm, but they told us 6:15 would be better. Fine by me. We sauntered back at the specified time, but had to wait about 15 minutes for our table to be ready. I also had to cut back the number since we couldn't pry all of the ladies away from shopping and the pool. I am so glad they have round tables! For larger groups, I love round tables, easier to talk, easier to see people... We were given the dinner menu, but since they are so nice, they allowed us to order from the cafe menu. Phewf... because I based all my choices on the cafe menu. Plus, the other ladies all ordered pizza and pastas. I opted for the wedge salad and the crab cakes.They start to place our napkins on our laps... yikes, this is a fancy place. Then, they bring a plate with salt, butter and oil for our bread. Wait, where's our bread plate? Our server comes around with a huge bread plate to serve us. I was tempted to tell him to leave the whole plate. Too ashamed to ask, but we each asked for at least three slices of the different breads. I got the sourdough, the onion foccacia and some cracker-y bit. All good, better if there was more.All the food comes at the same time. Our table is overloaded with food... my salad is in front of me, but my crab cakes need to be placed in front of my neighbour because on the other side, her fresh oysters and pizza are taking up all my space. The salad is pretty good and big... is it $14 good? Well, it's a decent wedge salad made spicy by the pepperoncinis around the wedges. It's hard to eat this dainty as I am not. I try to cut each bite before I put it in my mouth, but I get lazy and just slice the whole bit and pick at it. I know, I ordered it that way... but again... lazy. The crab cakes were really good though. They were tiny, but good. The outsides were crisp and the insides were jammed with tons of crab and almost no filler... there weren't huge lumps of crab, but nice shreads.Since I am stuffed to the gills with lettuce, I opt not to get dessert. Neither does anyone else. Since I made the reservation saying we were celebrating, they send over some beautiful chocolates with raspberry filling. Those were wonderful. I could see myself relaxing by the pool, popping these in my mouth all day long. I wonder if they sell them...
5	What really hasn't been said about Spago both good and bad.  I can add a few tidbits that might help a brother out but that's about it.Extremely amazing service.  Everybody was very attentive and accommodating.  We brought our little boy here because we were invited by a good friend and some of his coworkers since we were all at the same conference that weekend. Very thoughtful of them.  Anyway, the staff was extra attentive to our son and really took the time to attend to his needs even though it was really hopping that night.  For example, when he was a little fussy and I had to take him outside to walk around a bit, they gladly kept my food under a warmer for the few minutes that I was outside.  The food was amazing as expected.  I will reel off a quick list of what we had.Iced Oysters on the Half Shell  with Ginger-Rhubarb Mignonette - Fresh and tasty like the sea.   I believe they were Kumamoto Oysters.Wild Pacific Blue Shrimp - No preservatives here.  Fresh fresh fresh.Symphony of Tuna - Can't explain all the ways but yum, yum, yum.  Chilled Maryland Blue Crab Salad - A spoonful of goodness. A bit of avocado, grapefruit segments and a lemon vinaigrette along with the crab served in a Ramen type soup spoon.  Wow.Grilled French Sea Bass Loup De Mer - Crispy skin and cooked perfectly.  The mousseline was nice.Pan Roasted Bone-In Veal Costoletta - Sorry Veal Haters :(  This was very well cooked and despite being under the heat lamp for longer than the chef would have liked I'm sure (read above) it still was cooked very well and was tender as can be.  The risotto was oh so savory.From the words of my party, the Salmon was the best that they have ever had, the Halibut was so good that it resulted in a clean plate, and the Filet was just ridiculous and served with the WGP signature bone marrow.I love good food and WGP never disappoints.  Many thanks to our good friends for a great meal and next meal is on us.
5	This review is long overdue!My husband and I visited Las Vegas last month and had been meaning to give Spago a try.  We stopped in for drinks and appetizers and we were not disappointed!The service is TOP NOTCH!!!  From the hostess, to the waiters, to the busboy, and the manager.  Everyone was very attentive to all of our needs.  I love when a waiter or waitress anticipates your needs.  Water is low, appetizer is close to done, beer is almost gone... at Spago, they are on it!  Our water was never low, one appetizers was brought as another was finishing up, and our beer didn't get below half before someone asked if we need another.A delicious variety bread basket was brought to our table prior to our appetizers coming out.  A dish with olive oil, butter, and sea salt accompanied the bread.We ordered the Kobe sliders and the crab cakes as appetizers.  Oh my gosh, really!?!  They were so delicious!!!  The beef sliders came on the cutest tiny buns.  The flavor was robust and savory.  The sliders were served with a delicious aioli and some micro greens.  Perfection. The crab cakes were AMAZING!!!!  The filler of the crab cake was... well, crab.  A thick, juicy succulent crab cake adorned with a delicious lemon aioli.  Simple and delicious!  A MUST try!!Our overall experience at Spago was wonderful!  I will most definitely plan another visit the next time we're in Vegas!
5	Chefs tasting menu was utterly amazing to the taste buds and to all other senses; even after all these years they still take their cuisine and service seriously.
5	Simply amazing from service to plate.  I love this place.  After the meal, we were comped desserts by the chef, which was really nice.  I'm sure this probably happens to a ton of people there (or even to everyone), but it definitely made us feel super special, so A+ there as well.
4	This place is really accommodating for someone on a time crunch. I had to catch a flight and they had us in and our in 40minutes. Great pasta, a nice chopped salad, and a good bread basket for those needing instant satiation or just want to commit carbicide. Plus it's Vegas so there's good people watching if you sit on the faux patio area looking at the Forum Shops.
1	Nice casual atmosphere....However the food was underwhelming to say the least.   If I was eating in a airport cafe or a 3 star hotel lobby, the food would be decent.   It was plain boring and lacked any intensity.Service....Bleah!Serious WP, do you just want to say you have a bunch of restaurants in Vegas or do you really care what your restaurants are actually serving?   I get it.  Tourist trap, lots of foot traffic....easy money.  Yeah you don't care.
1	Hey Spago, remember me? Yeah, I gave you a 1 star review, and it looks like you had it removed. Well if you want to remove this review, go ahead. I'll just post another one. I've written 150 reviews to this point, and I've only given three 1 star reviews ever. So when I saw on my distribution graph that number went down to two, it was easy to figure out who removed one of them.Let's just keep this short and simple:-This was one of the top 3 worst dining experiences of my life.-You quoted us 45 min wait time for a party of 7, and we ended up waiting 2.5 hours.-When you finally sat us, you sat us at a circular table that was meant for two. This meant that when our food came, we let the girls crowd their plates onto the table, while the guys ate their food with their plates in their lap.-Luckily my plate wasn't very heavy, because I ordered the ravioli, and I only got like 4 pieces of ravioli. -The service was horrendously slow, and they just didn't seem to care. I think the whole dining experience took around 4 hours, so basically I was getting 1 piece of ravioli an hour for my experience.-This place wasn't cheap, and I can't figure out what I was paying for. It wasn't the service, it wasn't the food, and it wasn't the atmosphere.F U Spago. I came here like 7 years ago, and I'm still bitter. I remember to this day quite vividly every bit of my dining experience and how TERRIBLE it was.
5	Oh Spago, you were a shining light of good food and service in Las Vegas!  Turkey Club sandwich rates a Very Good! Side salad deliciousness. Asian Chicken Salad was superior!  Wait staff (James) was professional, attentive, engaging and fun!  A breath of fresh air in a town full of jaded employees (who wouldn't be?). Enjoy Spago! A lovely treat!
4	Food was delicious and ambiance sophisticated. Lots of flavor. Service impeccable. Yum!
5	We basically lived here on this trip.  Mostly at the bar where Peter the great has everything in control.  He fixed us great drinks all trip long.  We also ate at the bar where we split the Prime Beef Sliders, the Autumn Salad, and the BBq Chicken Pizza.  Peter had the kitchen split the salad and eventhough the sliders come 3 to an order, he made kitchen add one more....The Best.  Jason took good care of us in cafe for lunch and made sure i was out  in time for my tee time.  The turkey club here is out of this world.  Ask for the Kettle Chips instead of the potato salad.  All in all, the food we ate on this trip and the service was like what it always is: AWESOME.  Lastly, if they have the concorde grape jelly filled beignet with the peanut butter n chocolate frozen mousse, GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!
4	We went to Spagos for oue New Years dinner back in 2009 and had a really good time.  We were sat right in the middle of the dinning room and the place was packed.  Service was great and the food was an adventure.  I had always heard about the Smoked Salmon Pizza and wanted to try it.  It did not disapoint at all, great flavor.  We also had the pear and cheese salad, good and simple flavors all around.  The Beef carpacia was well executed by the chef as well as the Braised Short Ribs on Gnocchi.  My wife got the Fillet Mignon with roasted vegi's, perfectly cooked for her.  Great way to spend time with friends ringing in the new year.
5	On our latest visit to Las Vegas, we dined at the Spago in the Cesar's Palace forum shops area.  We were promptly seated in the dining room and Aaron our waiter was superbly attentive, he was very friendly and took great care of us.  We started off with a delicious shrimp cocktail, then for dinner, a fantastic and quite authentic German schnitzel with tomato and potato salads.  It's not easy to find schnitzel in the Western USA, so take advantage of this when you're in Las Vegas.
5	The best pizza I've ever had, hands down. The prosciutto pizza was delicious. Unfortunately, it wasn't mine so I only got one slice. I ordered the duck, which was quite good, but after having the pizza, I couldn't stop thinking about the pizza. My order was put in wrong and I did have to wait quite a bit. My friend ate all his pizza before I got my duck. (But it did give me an excuse to steal some of his pizza yay!) The manager apologized immediately and comped whatever desert we wanted. My friend had the coconut creme brulee which was not in a cup. It was more like a slice of cake, then toasted. tasty, but not amazing. I had the PB and J beignets. Which was an interesting take on the traditional beignets. A bit pricey for $12 and not a lot. But it was good enough since I was so full from everything else.
5	Still really happy with this place!!!!Friends came into town, made a reservation for 10 at 8 pm.  Sat right down and our table was ready. Hooray!  They started off giving us the regular dinner menu which is priced north of $30 per entree for all intensive purposes and is somewhat limited with maybe 10-15 dinner options. But when we asked for the 'cafe menu' #jackpot. Pizza, different salads, sandwiches-making drunk people happy!!!!Waiter was awesome and was on top of things. Because we were a large party others were helping him out too which is key when we need cocktails.I got the short ribs with homemade Gnocchi ....and the Gnocchi were AMAZING. Please make a Gnocchi dish period!!!!   My friend across the table got the scallops and she just raved and raved about them. Tried the Bolognese pasta and that was really tasty too! Got the arugula and Burrata salad to share with figs [my friend was skeptical but I made a believer out of her!] very very tasty.Great option if you are staying at Caesars it's right outside the Casino when you head into the mall.
5	This review is long overdue. About a year ago, some friends took me to Spago and it quickly became ... my favorite restaurant. Not my favorite restaurant in Vegas, my favorite restaurant period! We always order off the regular dinner menu, the food is insanely delectable (I get either the chicken or the steak, but it seems like everything we've ever ordered at this joint is spectacular). They offer an extremely impressive array of breads (cherry walnut something, onion, lavash ... off the hook!) Drinks are also amazing (duh) but I think the staff is what sends the Spago Vegas experience into a whole new category. Every single person who has ever waited on us here, from the servers to the bartenders, to the hosts ... etc, etc, has been outstanding. Chef Eric is super gregarious, so it would appear that he sets the tone for this place. Well done, everyone! I'll be back soon, but not soon enough!
5	I just love this place. Sensational food, great service and fun people watching. Ya, it's pricy but it's Vegas, Spago and sensational.
4	God, this place is still as great as ever. Quality is always top notch, service is fantastic, and the dishes are still ridiculously delicious.Remembering that the meatloaf last time was out of this world, I ordered it again this time and it did not disappoint! My friends all loved the dish too and couldn't get enough of it. The crab cakes appetizer was also incredible--lots of fresh crab meat, spiced really well and not overly breaded or greasy.  My love for this place still remains strong.
5	Perfect location within the Cesar Shop Forums.  Everything was perfect here: the Pasta, Lamb, Paired wine, and Bread.  It's difficult to make Lamb not taste so Lamby.  So they get a big props for the way everything was cooked and presented.  If you're celebrating a special occasion, let them know.  They will give you a dessert in celebration.
3	I enjoyed my meal at Spago, but wasn't as impressed as my companions. The wedge salad is good but not notable, however the heirloom tomato and burrata salad special was outstanding - the best overall dish of the night.  We ended up splitting 3 pizzas - I have to say, I found the crust to be disappointing on all of them. Not much flavor at all - more of just a vehicle for the toppings.  As for the specific pies:-Margherita - crust was a bit undercooked, and overall I would call this a pretty average Margherita pizza-Proscuitto - this was the best of the 3 - the Proscuitto and Fromage blanc worked perfectly together.  With a great crust this pizza would have mind blowing potential.-Lamb Chorizo - a very nice pie overall - enjoyed the chorizo, and the toppings all worked well together. Service was excellent.
4	Really well crafted dinner.  Flavors were varied and not overly rich/buttery as many euro/germanish inspired spots deliver.Flawless wine list with Austrian selections which are almost impossible to find.Appetizers should not be skipped, in fact every course is worth the time and money.  By the way have lots of both if you visit Spago.  Leisurely paced meal which is rare in Vegas.
5	Arrived at Spago in the Caesar's Forum Shops for our 6pm reservations for a quick dinner and we were able to snag a nice table in the outside seating section.After the hostess brought us to our table, the busboy brought us our water and an artisan bread basket with a dipping plate of olive oil, and sea salt and butter. The breads were delicious.  Could have eaten the entire basket on my own. We decided to share two entrees:Caserecci pasta a bolognaise with braised beef and house made ricotta cheese.  This was a delicious pasta dish with a delicious braised beef bolognaise.  Pan Roasted Bone-in Costoletta with saffron risotto, romesco, escarole, veal jus.  We ordered the veal medium-rare, as suggested by our waiter.  The veal was perfectly cooked and tender and juicy.  The cup of saffron risotto was delicious, but very rich.Overall, we had a great experience.  Delicious  artisan bread and entrees.  The service from hostess, busboy to waiter was excellent.
2	This place doesn't deserve the name "Spago" on the sign.  The service sucked.  I ordered a glass of Gruner Veltliner and the waiter looked at me like I was speaking Chinese.  I had to point the wine out to him on the menu.  My wife and daughter got their sodas and the waiter said the wine was coming right out.  He totally forgot about it and I had to remind him about it 15 minutes later.The food is very mediocre.  I had the Caserecci pasta a bolognaise with braised beef and house made ricotta cheese and it reminded me of Chef Boyardee.  It was mushy and the sauce had the same taste as the canned stuff.  I can't believe Wolfgang allows such poor service and food some from one of his restaurants.  I think he sold out!
4	I've never been to a Wolfgang Puck restaurant or cafe that I didn't like... and Spago was no exception!The service was superb, the food was delicious, and the atmosphere was elegant in the dining room. My mom kept commenting on how there were more waiters then customers for a Saturday night, but we did originally get there around 5:45pm and the dining room eventually filled up and was almost full when we left two hours later (we ate leisurely and had coffee with dessert after our entrees).Before our entrees came out, we were given a plate of olive oil, sea salt, pepper, and butter for some artisan breads that were served by a waiter (whose only job it seemed was to serve bread). The selection was quite diverse with an onion foccacia, an herb & cheese lavash, sourdough, cherry walnut bread, and pretzel bread. I tried one of everything and would have eaten more if I didn't know were were going to get our appetizer and entrees soon.Speaking of entrees, I ordered the New England Diver Sea Scallops with three giant scallops that were perfectly cooked. It was topped with a mascarpone foam that was pretty to look at and fun on the plate, but had little taste. However, the flavors of the rest of the dish definitely made up for that. My brother had a taste and mentioned that he would have eaten 10 of those scallops instead of his entree. The appetizer we ordered was a special one not on the menu, and I am so happy with our choice. We got persimmon and prosciutto flatbread with fromage blanc... it was heaven. I don't know how they made the crust so light, crisp, and airy, but I would go back just for that.My brother ordered the Choucroute Garnie Royal that comes with mustard, sauerkraut, blood sausage, regular sausage, chicken sausage, and pork belly. He couldn't stomach the blood sausage (and neither could I) but the rest of the sausages were decent. Edible, but not amazing. My brother wishes he would have tried the duck... I do too because it sounded great on the menu!My mom ordered the Grilled French Sea Bass Loup de Mer, and it was amazing! The portion was very generous and the grilled onions and artichoke under the fish itself complemented very well with the dish. She loved her dish so much, she didn't even want to try any of our food.My dad ordered the Chilled Maryland Blue Crab Salad because he was still semi full from an earlier meal. I'm SO glad he was full because he would have ordered chicken or steak and we would have missed out on this yummy dish! Each bite of crab, avocado, and grapefruit was like a party in my mouth. The flavor combo is not one I would have ever put together, but it was on point!For dessert, we had the chocolate souffle with ice cream. The ice cream was delicious, but the souffle was not my favorite.Oh, I almost forgot... the best part about the dining experience at Spago was the little things they did to set them apart from other restaurants. First, my glass of water was never half filled, it was always full. Second, they gave us complimentary parsnip soup with truffle oil. Third, around the time the bill came, the waiter produced a mini plate of chocolate petit fours.
4	YUMMY! Not only is this the perfect spot to stop for lunch while shopping in the Forum shops, but its really great food too. We sat on the more busy "patio" that is inside the shops more, and that is the perfect lunch spot. Pretty casual, but still fine dining in the "cafe" for lunch. We split the BLT salad, and it was so good. The bacon is not stupid little bits, but big, real pieces! So much better. The dressing was also tasty. We split the italian sausage pizza and I really liked the thin crust. The pizza was pretty good, but not the best I've had. The cheese was almost too thick on such a thin crust for my liking. I did like the addition of the olives. The service was friendly, the food good, and the location perfect for a day shopping!
3	I'm so sad about my experience, especially since I've only heard marvelous things about any Spago from close family and friends.The hostess offered us the option of sitting in the cafe or dining area with one set of menus, so I didn't think they were any different. But perhaps I did make the wrong decision by saying "cafe." (It was completely full while the dining area had not a single soul...I decided to follow the crowd on this one.)I had to ask for the bread basket everyone talks about (they now say it's only given upon request) and it didn't even come with the olive oil.We ordered a mushroom pizza and a pasta dish which were overpriced and mediocre at best in flavor. Everyone around me had ordered a pizza, but no one dared finish the crust. Just like I like the buns on my burger more than the patty, I think a pizza is best when the dough is great...this was inedible. I'm sad that I made my plate look disgusting with a whole bunch of crust pieces...how un-elegant of me at this supposed elegant restaurant.We ordered a salad with pomegranates that was quite delish, the only thing memorable. But c'mon, it's a salad. How can that be messed up?$4.50 for a coke and no refills? I don't get out much to $$$ restaurants, but seriously, this one...Our waiter was nice, but then again, there were waaaayyy too many people working and standing around staring at us eat. Awkward.
4	The grandfather of fine dining in Las Vegas that is not a traditional steakhouse, I first ate at Spago during my first trip to Las Vegas as a junior in college in 2001.  I moved here in 2005 and have eaten here many times since then.  The food is very consistent, and I have not had issues with waiting too long, as the restaurant is very large.  The service is always excellent.  Wine/cocktail prices are a bit high, but you are on the strip, in Caesars, eating at a celebrity chef's place.  What do you expect?I went back last weekend and had the lamb french dip.  This was excellent, with juicy lamb, goat cheese, and grilled onions.  I highly recommend trying this.  The au jus was excellent as well, thicker than other offerings for this dish, which I prefer.  Spago is not resting on its laurels.  It still puts out very good food 20 years after it first opened.
5	Spectacular food and service. We started with the blue shrimp salad which was prepared with an orange sauce - out of this world! My wife had the veal and I had the ahi tuna, both were marvelously presented and tasted phenomenal. Eat bite was savored. We pair our meals with the four vine Chardonnay (meat), and the Pinot noir (fish). Great choices. For dessert we had the apple crumble prepared in a bourbon sauce. That was the only part of the meal we would only give four stars. Everything else was five star.The one drawback was the overwhelming noisy atmosphere. Might be their design intention though. We would recommend!
3	Came with family and had a nice lunch.Spagetti was standard fare and tasted goodCheeseburger was massive, juicy and goodPizza with chicken was okLiver and onions was huge serving with fried onion strings.Service was prompt and courteous. Food was good but not outstanding.
5	My husband and our friends dined at Spago our last night in Vegas (July 2012). What a great restaurant! We had the best, funniest waitress (I wish I could remember her name!) which just helped the already beautiful atmosphere.  Our entire party was incredibly happy with our dinner and price wise was very reasonable for the kind of service we were given. I ordered the grilled pizza and had the heirloom tomato and mozzarella salad and both were absolutely delicious!  I only wish we had a Spago in NY! We will definitely go back the next time we are in Vegas!
4	Went for a late lunch with the wife, and we decided to split a pizza, and have some wine.  Sat at the bar, where the bartender was pretty damn cool, and friendly.  Now on to the food. The pizza is SUPER douchey, pretentious, whatever you want to call it, but crap is it good.  It is every bit imaginative, fresh, cooked perfectly, topped uniquely, with a perfect balance of fun, and good.  The wine we were suggested by the bartender went perfect with it, and our lunch was complete. I actually want to come back and try more stuff.
4	Spago offers different areas of seating. Patio and dining room. If you enjoy people watching choose the patio. If you prefer conversation friendly, request the dining room. The dining room also offers a choice of booths or tables. Both have comfortable seating.  Our service was prompt and courteous. We decided to share the Italian Sausage Pizza. The dish provides enough for 2 people. The dough is soft and tasty. The sausage is thinly sliced round pieces. Overall the pie was delicious. Spago is celebrating it's 20th anniversary at the Forum Shops. That says it all considering there are numerous choices of dining at the Forum Shops. Congratulations to Chef Puck and his team. Here's wishing you many more.
5	My wife and I have eaten at Spago many times, and love the ambience, food and service.  Every time we go we are treated wonderfully, and the Chef, Eric Klein is always out talking to the diners, and leaving extra treats at the table.  Tonight's dinner was no different, except that we went for their 20th Anniversary dinner.  So, how can you make a great place even better?  Simple, serve a retro menu at prices from 20 years ago!!!   We had a great dinner...and far more than we could eat.  We started with the house smoked sturgeon on a crisp potato galette, topped with a dab of clavier.  It was a great balance of crisp, savory and salty and the portion was huge.  Of course we received a complimentary treat of squash stew, which was also a delicious start.  The layered beet and goat cheese Napoleon was perfect in execution and flavor...just a hint of acid from the beet and dressing.  We then received another unexpected treat from the chef of the lamb in lettuce wrap.  I have to admit that as I read the description it did not call out to me, but it was a great slightly spicy morsel, perfectly offset by the crisp buttercup lettuce.  We also tried the squash agnolotti with hazel nuts....perfect!  My wife ordered the yellow tail and being from Hawaii we are fussy about this dish.  It had a great sear, and was appropriately raw in the middle....as good as I have had anywhere, and nicely seasoned.  I had the lobster and spinach fettucini with black bean sauce.  I was afraid it might be a bit too dense, but again it was light, spiced nicely with a bit of heat, and great....but by that time we were so full I had to call for the doggy bag.   I am looking forward to a midnight snack!  This was a great evening at one of the standards of Las Vegas.  Loved the dinner, and loved the bill even more....with drinks about $100.   Try replicating that in 2012....
5	Had a Yelp/Open Table dinner reservation here at 5:30 pm on Tue/11 Dec.Plan on eating here again Thu/13 Dec and/or Fri/14 Dec.  Will write my review then.
5	Restaurant website:  http://www.wolfgangpuck.com/restaurants/fine-dining/904420th Anniversary article:   http://bit.ly/12aYGupI only ate here Tue/11 Dec at 5:30 pm since 11-14 Dec 2012 Spago was having a 20th anniversary celebration with a Retro 1992 menu/prices.- Off the Retro Menu: Had the $9 stir fried lamb lettuce cups appetizer and the $17 oven roasted salmon entree; both were excellent.  Portions were on the small size but with the free bread (5 types to choose from), I was full by the end of the meal.- To save money I planned on not getting a drink (just their free "ice water") then I noticed a Bud Light was $6 but the house-made Sangria was $7, so I ordered a tasty Sangria.- My server (Charlotte?) was attentive and so were the free bread server & ice water refiller.- That night (11 Dec) Wolfgang Puck was there to receive praise/speeches from Caesars(?) executives & receive a key to the city/slot machines (I think that was the joke the mayor was making) from Mayor Carolyn Goodman.  He also took photos with interested patrons/diners.  Seems like a great, affable guy.- I would love to come back to Spago but alas I can't swing the normal menu prices.
5	The chef and his staff are very savvy about gluten issues (and other food allergies) and will go to great lengths to make sure you feel safe and secure while dining.
3	I came in just in time for the 20th anniversary pricing..which I still think was slightly overpriced. We sat pretty close to the kitchen.... for a minute I thought I was at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant and we were on TV,  as the uncomfortably loud yelling from the chef almost had us get up and leave the establishment. I love the passion and appreciate they want the food to come out right, but I prefer a better atmosphere then eating at a yelling match. The server was really nice, but we arrived at 6:40 and the people seated after us were done 30 minutes before us. We received our meal at 7:45 and weren't to thrilled about the long wait. It was seriously getting to the point were I was about to politely ask the server what was taking so longThe complimentary bread was def a good thing and held us over. The app was the Tempura Shrimp with some sort of lime cilantro cole slaw $12 (?). I def liked it .....though it wasn't anything too out of the normal. I ordered the Lamb which was cooked perfectly and vegetables were mouth watering. I'm just not sure I'd pay $36 again for that. The duck was somewhat overcooked, unseasoned and dry... Though everything else on the plate was terrific. I'm glad Spago offered this menuI'm not sure if we got the short end of the stick this night but I've eaten at less known places with a better experience and better food as well. I would not want to pay for the Wolfgang Puck price and experience if this were to be my outcome again. I truly wish this would have been a better review.
5	In my 8 years living in Las Vegas, I never had a chance to try Spago.  I view it as a bit out of price range, so when their 20 Year Anniversary came up with roll-back pricing, I had to try it.  Went last night with my date, and we asked the assistant GM Drew to pick our food.  Here's what he picked, and my thoughts on each:Signature Roasted Beet Goat Cheese SaladI never would have ordered this but it was delicious.House Smoked Sturgeon, Crisp Potato Galette, Horseradish Cream - $12It was like a spicy latke with fish on top.  Really good."Chinois Style" Colorado Lamb Chops, Cilantro Mint Vinaigrette, Sweet & Sour Eggplant - $33Tender and delicious even without the sauce.  Eggplant was so good my date and I couldn't figure out if it was eggplant!Cantonese Style Roasted Duck with Wild Huckleberries, Ginger and Stir-Fried Baby Bok Choy - $20Huge and delicious, and unexpected as we thought we were only getting 1 main course to share.  Needless to say we had plenty of leftovers.Even with the discount I spent a bit more than I had hoped, but everything was delicious and the service was great, as well.  Oh, and they have an amazing bread platter.  Wish I was hungrier and got to try more of that!Thanks, Drew W & Scott G!
3	Portion are small and expensive, service wasgood. Tried the smoke salmon & Italian sausageand both were delicious but not worth the pricedue to too small of a portion , warning sodaprice is too HIGH $4.50 what a rip off.
4	Food here was very good hence the 4 stars.  We tried the Butternut squash soup, the roasted chicken and the salmon all off of the dinner menu.  Everything was great, in particular the chicken.  The bread was also delicious - I would recommend trying one of each and maybe even going back for seconds (especially if you get the soup - the breads were great for dipping!)The service here was decent, but not great, which was surprising given that the restaurant was only ~75% full.  There were a lot of kids/families which took away from what we thought would be a more upscale dinner. Also we were originally seated at a booth where the table was abnormally high up and the foot space very narrow.  We were able to switch to a 'normal' table which was much better. We saw another couple go through the same process later in the evening. So be warned, definitely do not sit at these booths - the restaurant should really think about replacing them.
4	Had lunch here with family and had a great time. the service was attentive and the food arrived promptly and tasted delicious. the butternut squash soup was yummy, the new york strip tender, and the caprese salad refreshing. pricier dishes but definitely worth it in my opinion.
5	Spago has not only great people watching out on the "patio" area but the food is top notch.We always start with the tuna appetizer and then get the smoked salmon pizza.  The oysters are great and if their coconut creme brulee is on the menu it's a must try!
5	Puck did it again. They now serve their 20th anniversary menu with original prices(boy was it pricey 20 years ago). We had a Thai salad and a regular house salad and a fish. None of the items were even remotely boring(as per server's tip). The food was delicious. The way they make their salads makes me wanna eat salad every day. Precise cuts of vegetables with unique seasonings, herbs or sauces melt my salad heart and crunchy nuts or noodles make it want to jump. I try to deconstruct the flavors every single time, thinking I will make the same thing at home. Their textures are crunchy and delicious. The fish was soft and buttery.Service- amazing, funny and helpful lady server, and a sweet, gallant bus boy.Wolfgang Puck is my hero!
5	My deathrow last meal would be an assortment of Wolfgang Puck Salads (the Chopped Vegetable at Spago, the Greek and Chinois Chicken at PUCK Bar and Grill), his Lamb Chorizo & Goat Cheese Pie cooked extra sauce, extra well done.I was in Vegas on Business.  Notice how the same faces work here year after year.  Little turnover means contunuity which translates to consistency and excellence.Friendly service and solid pour by Peter at the bar, and another great dinner delivered by Tom. The people i was with are also in the restaurant business and were impressed by his ability to be a professional server, prompt and informative in one moment, and and everyday guy talking about our Chicago Bears.This was the first time in dozen or so visits that i have sat in the dining room.  Was different but i like the casual vibe and people watching of the cafe. I will be back with the wife in May.  Can not wait.  Btw, Lamb chops were amazing.
5	Goodness me...this place is amazing. My fiance and I were walking around and even though we weren't that hungry, we wanted to stuff our faces anyway because we're fatties. I came to Spago three years ago (don't remember anything from then except that I liked it) so I recommended it. First off, top notch service. Our waiter was friendly but not too overwhelmingly so. He left us alone to chat and enjoy our meal. We started off with a sangria topped with sweet fruit chunks that my fiance devoured. Then we ordered: (Descriptions posted from their Cafe Menu at http://www.wolfgangpuck.com/restaurants/fine-dining/9044)Tuna Sashimi -Crispy Rice Cake, Marinated Cucumbers, Hearts of Palm with WasabiGinger Vinaigrette. Best sushi I have EVER had IN MY LIFE! The sashimi melted in your mouth while the rice cake added just enough crisp to give it a little zing. The sauces complemented the flavors perfectly! And since we weren't too hungry, we split the Wood-fired Mushroom pizza which consisted of Roasted Portabellas, Caramelized White Onions, Italian Parsley and Parmesan. I don't even really like portabellas and this was the best pizza ever. The cheese was great but not too cheesy, the pizza felt light and tasty, and the crust was perfectly baked and crunchy. I have died and gone to food heaven. One of the best meals I've ever had, period. A must visit while in Vegas! Located inside of The Forum Shops at Cesar's palace so a perfect break while shopping and walking! If you order the cafe menu, the environment is more relaxing and less expensive than the dinner, although dinner is great too!
4	Summary:  Spago is a great place to take a significant other.  The noise level in the cafe was not too loud which made it an enjoyable experience.  Although unnerving while watching you dine, the wait staff does a great job of answering questions and clearing dishes from the table.  The pizzas are highly recommended but be willing to shell out some money for the drinks, cocktails and wines being the most unreasonably priced.I went to Spago on New Year's Eve with my girlfriend.  Fortunately I made reservations the week before.  Our reservation was for 7:15 but I showed up a little early and was seated by 7:05.  There are two menus you can choose from; the cafe menu of the dining room menu.  The dining room menu has your meats and fine dining while the cafe menu has brick oven pizzas ad the like.  We opted for the cafe menu and ordered drinks, an appetizer, and our main meal all at once.  Unfortunately they all came out at the same time (very quickly, about 20 minutes after ordering) so our pizzas got cool while we ate our calamari.The cafe, although mostly open to the Forum Shops street mall, was not as loud as you might expect.  Conversation was easily audible.  The wait staff was friendly and had no trouble answering any of the questions I had about the menu.  It is a little unnerving however since the wait staff lines along the side wall when they are not helping diners, observing the dining room and seeing if any diners need them.  They just stand there...looking...watching....constantly vigilant.  That aside, they do great at being Johnny on the spot for clearing dishes and helping with questing.The calamari served with their sweet chili sauce was fantastic.  The chicken sausage pizza was equally fantastic and was a fairly large portion that I almost did not finish because it made me full.  The drink prices were the most unreasonable and unpleasant thing I encountered at Spago.  Soda is $4.50 and the cocktails range from $10-17.  I ordered a Vesper and it was $16, where a fair price could have been $9 or $10.
4	This place has perfect location inside the shops.The atmosphere inside is really great, the waiters are friendly and there doesn't seem to ever be a big wait because of the size of the seating area. I am a big fan of Wolf gang puck but this place has a good size menu. Large assortment of wines and beers. Assortment of breads was nice. Ordered a pasta dish and was satisfied with the sauce but the noodles were a bit over cooked. they loose a star for that. Dessert was amazing to say the least, ordered a chocolate item and was very impressed. Even if you just come in for dessert its a must here! :)
5	Although opened in the 90s,the place is classic Vegas. Puck's flagship restaurant in Forum Shops  is where everything started for fine dining in the city.  One cannot go wrong with Spago. When I moved to Vegas, this was the first up-scale place I visited. Two and a half years later, I returned on Xmas eve with my family. Spago is consistently good with great service and even better food. Be aware, other than no flip flops, tank tops and mullets, there is no dress code so everyone is extremely casual. Also, it is family friendly so occasionally you get to see spoiled brats being a pain in the butt. it doesn't get too bad, thou. Dining with significant other is possible although it wouldn't be my first option for a romantic evening.  I really don't remember my order the first time here. I just recall having a GREAT salmon with risotto. Nonetheless, last Xmas eve I had the symphony of tuna as appetizer (it is as good as it "sounds"), and steamed salmon Hong Kong Style. For dessert I ordered the apple crumble. Everything was fantastic!I left happy and my family -not from town- had a great Vegas experience.I must add that Spago is not as expensive as competitors, which is definitely a plus.
5	I am not sure why I waited so long to write this review... but here it isThe margherita pizza.... yes, simple item, I know.... is the best I have ever had.I have compared all pizzas to this, talked about this pizza to anyone who would listen and have dreamed about this pizza many a times.I am now drooling after visiting the webpage and reading the ingredients over again.We saved some for the next day and not only was it good as a cold breakfast because we were hung over but because cold or hot it IS THE BEST pizza ever! It is not too saucy, too cheesy...well yes, it is very cheesy but its all delicious, contrast cheeses that melt in your mouth making you want to go without water in order to savor the flavor just a bit longer in your mouth.The next time I go to Vegas I must get my hands on a slice, or two... oh heck, the whole pie to myself and I am not sharing. The service was great, we were late for our reservation and I called them to tell them about our idiot cab driver and they simply responded "we will save your table for you"Glad they did... there was a show going on so the place was super busy. Server was attentive and friendly.Did I mention the best margherita pizza ever is here?
3	Nothing special - especially for the $.  Having been from LA, I always wanted to try Spago, but never had the opportunity.  I've been to other WP restaurants (Chinois, Granita, and the one on the westside based on a brewery that closed years back).  Chinois is clearly his best, but I was expecting more from Spago.  Had the octopus salad and weinerschnitzel.  Salad was good - but the weinerschnitzel was just OK.   Feedback from others at the table were essentially the same - good but nothing memorable.
2	Well, there's not much to say about Spago, except that it's over-hyped and way over-priced.  The look on my brother's face when he received what appeared to be little more than a tablespoon of tuna for 50 bucks, was actually priceless. Don't get me wrong, the food is good....it just didn't WOW me.The Verdict: I would personally skip over this place, but I guess you should still try it out to see if it fits your pallet.
5	Food, bar, service and experience were all outstanding.  We are going back again tonight as there were so many things on the menu that looked amazing
4	Good mix of flavors but I would avoid the calamari. We sat in the cafe side -- check the menu to see what you would like to eat as they have a dining room side which offers a different menu.
5	Outside seating that's truly different!As we were only in Vegas for a few nights we wanted to make sure we got to experience as much as possible - including the dining. After doing the usual hunt on Yelp we decided to try out Spago and it was a great suggestion.When we arrived the waiter asked if we wanted sit inside or out and we opted to go outside - best choice! To be honest I thought the blue ceiling was tacky at first but after a while it really started to trick you that you were outside!The food was awesome (as expected) but the service from the waiters was top notch as well. Highly recommend.
4	Wonderful. I got the open faced chicken meatball sandwich and requested it on whole wheat bread. The bread got very soggy which was the only negative. The tomato sauce was fresh, the cheese delightful and the chicken meatballs were perfectly moist. My date got a Marguerite pizza which was also extremely tasty. Service was excellent, and great people watching!
5	Spago was, by far, the best meal my partner and I experienced in Vegas. The service was excellent, and the atmosphere is wonderful (the music they were playing was a bit off-putting, though). We split the mushroom pizza, for starters, which was delicious. Our entrees were also quite good. My meatloaf was delicious. To wrap things up, we split a souffle, which was also quite nice :)Hats off to Spago, I'll certainly be back.
4	Spago is awesome!!  Great job Wolfgang Puck!  The only reason I didn't give it FIVE sparkely stars is because of the location & noise level. The location, to some, is ideal if you're perusing around the Forum Shops & want a delightful meal, but for me, it's a pain in the rear to get there unless you're already inside Caesars.  And it's rather noisy since it's open to the Forum Shops.The staff is always friendly!  I always go for lunch, (sit at the bar for the fastest service).  My fave is the chopped salad, all organic, fresh ingredients and the iced tea. I'm a picky tea snob and their passion flavored variety is deeeeeeeeeelish!!  It's a little pricey but worth it, I always get a to-go cup, they're happy to oblige.  They serve a bread basket upon seating and it's great, there's this one that has I think a cranberry in it, it's like crack. I normally end up requesting one more :)But overall, it's a fresh, delicious restaurant that I definitely recommend. Go for lunch, you won't be disappointed.
5	This is our favorite lunch/dinner place in Vegas. Always excellent meals and great wine selection. The service is second to none! We always sit at the bar in the cafe area. We have tried almost everything on the cafe menu and love it!   Spago Vegas is number one in our book!
5	I've been wanting to try the Spago's at Caesar's in Vegas for awhile now and finally had a chance last weekend. I was surprised that they could take us immediately without a reservation, and we chose to sit in the dining room rather than the cafe (different menu). We all loved the food, from flatbread margarita pizza starter, to salad, entree, and chocolate souffle (that we didn't need to order in advance), but what we were really impressed with was the service. Whoever manages this location must be top notch, because the service was impeccable! It seemed as if each waiter had a 'shadow' that they were training, as there were many waiters and servers at all times. They come in a group to serve you all at once, which is always a nice touch. I took a liking to Luis (they call him Lulu, as apparently there are many Luis's there), as he used a napkin to refill water to avoid splashing on the guests. I commented on this to him and he was flattered. But what I was really impressed with is that at one point, my 80 y/o mom and sister went to the bathroom mid-meal, which was upstairs. Lulu noticed that my mom was intimidated by the stairs, so he offered his arm to personally accompany her to the elevator. My mother was most impressed! It's the personal touches that makes an impression in this wildly competitive business of restaurants. Spago, I applaud you for training your staff to be top notch and for making your guests feel special. I will be back each time I visit Vegas!
4	Spago is a solid restaurant with high quality food.  My wife and I started with a margarita pizza. The crust is very thin...so it was very light. We thought it was good but nothing sensational. I ordered the short rib and my wife ordered filet mignon. My short ribs were very moist, and the sauce on it was great. I also had gnocci (pasta) with it, and they were delicious.  My wife's filet mignon was very good (but she said she's had better at another place). For dessert, we had the chocolate souflee with vanilla ice-cream.  This was actually very good and hit the spot. They also give you a little cup to pour hot chocolate inside the souflee so it was nice.Overall- the food is quality and service is good.  Jonas
4	Came here for lunch, the food was really good. It was a little noisy, but what can you expect for the Forum Shops? ;-) The service was really good, and I enjoyed my entree.
4	Amazing! I would definitely come here again. I stayed at Caesars for my trip to LV so it was super convenient to get to. I ordered the apple salad and the bolognese. The apple salad was delicious and light--a perfect pair for my more salty and heavy bolognese dish. I will definitely have to come back next time.
5	The foods are awesome. Tried their 6 courses tasting menu (in a high level, it consists of caviar, sashimi, lobster, quail, kobe beef and dessert). The presentation of the dishes looks fantastic. The flavor was well balanced, certain dishes have more complex flavor, but they don't over power each other, the chefs definitely execute the dishes well.
5	I would come back here just for the bread!  Came here with a large group of girls, and "the bread man" quickly became our new best friend!  Our favorites were the parmesan lavosh and the bacon cheddar buns.  The butternut squash soup was extra creamy and the salmon was tender on the inside with a crisp skin.  My friends were also raving about the short ribs!  On a side note, our server was awesome and had us in and out in time for our show reservations - she was very accommodating without rushing us!  Definitely recommended for a fun girls night out!
4	Food was yummy. Service was good. Atmosphere was nice. Overall good time!
5	Came here for a bachlorette dinner, 9 tipsy girls wearing tiaras (awesome right?). The entire staff was very friendly and accommodating, we had split checks, split orders, rushed orders, flashing pictures every 2 minutes, I'm sure we were being rowdy at some point, basically a server's nightmare. But it was smiles and complements all around, not a single dirty look, in fact we were encouraged to get louder. Everyone had a great experience and unanimously agreed that the food was incredible. I had the grilled octopus salad, and lamb with wild mushroom risotto. The BEST risotto EVER! I wanted to get naked and take a bath in that silky luscious creamy goodness!!! The lamb was perfectly cooked, seasoned, and worked so well with goat cheese! My friends who had the butternut squash soup, short ribs and gnocchi all raved about it, I think we were just about 1 short of licking the bowls... ;)PS - We thought Spago is close since the Forum shops are "just across the street" and decided to walk there. No, Spago is like a 15 minute hike from the entrance by Joe's, not a fun hike in 4" heels... should've taken the underground cab entrance which is right downstairs.
1	I have not walked out of a restaurant in 20 years.  I did tonight. Rude, red neck staff making snide comments.  Believe it our not.  I didn't want to.  There are so many better choices.
5	YUM!It's hard to pick out a restaurant in Vegas especially since 50% of them are Wolfgang Puck. I picked this restaurant since I was super hungry and at the forum shoppes. But it turned out to be one of the best places I've been to. The staff is very polite and helpful. The atmosphere is really cool and the food is cooked perfectly to give you an taste-gasm. I would recommend the pizza. I know that pizza is not a normal choice at a fancy restaurant but it's probably the best pizza you will ever have. The restaurant itself is not really fancy, it's more like a upscale casual and the prices aren't outrageous. Overall, I doubt that you will be disappointed if you decide to take my advice
5	A week ago we celebrated a birthday for my dear friend from NYC.  It was my idea for her to spend her birthday wkend in this infamous sin city, but it was our mutual friend from Santa Monica that hooked us up with a fabulous dining experience here at Spago.So I admit, this review may be a bit skewed since our party of 6 received VIP treatment... our friend knows the Executive Chef, Eric Klein and his wife. We were greeted by both of them, which was pretty cool. The front of the restaurant has a more casual vibe with the open pseudo-patio facing the Forum shops. We were led to the back of the restaurant which was the fine dining area. I immediately noticed Sinatra playing in the background, which I love. We basically had a phenomenal 5 or more tastings prior to our chosen individual main entree.  The sommelier suggested an amazing red wine from Santa Rita Hills: Gypsy Canyon... And I thought I was done with Pinot Noirs, but this wine was atypical for a Pinot Noir. It wasn't light, but more medium body and fruit forward. It paired beautifully with everything we ate. So I can't recall the order of what was presented to us... Tuna sashimi, amazingly fresh scallop, flavorful fennel soup... I admit I should have written this last week, because I can't recall each & every dish.  My main entree that I chose was the grilled French sea bass which was absolutely delicious!  And dessert was decadent influences of chocolate... each of the 3 or 4 types of pastry was out of control... sinfully scrumptious!We were definitely spoiled with exceptional delectable dishes and outstanding service.
4	Loved it!  The pizza with the egg on top was phenomenal.  You would think pizza and an over easy egg wouldn't mix, but man you would be wrong.  It was one of the best pizzas I've ever tried. One star off for the waiter charging me for expensive top shelf liquor without me being asked. I know it's a Wolfgang Puck establishment, but if I ask for a well drink please bring me a basic one.  Being upcharged five bucks a drink doesn't sit well with me.  Still, the deliciousness of the food made this a worthwhile sojourn for me.
5	I travel to Vegas alot and I've eaten my fair share of great food but this place was so delicious and really is at the top of my list now! They start you with a small potato soup which is designed to awaken your taste buds which boy does it ever! The bread is also delicious!  I got the braised short ribs with gnocchi and it was also mouth watering! Everyone there was very knowledgable and extremely nice and well trained in customer service and I will definitely be returning! Thanks again to the  wait staff and the chef! Great job!
5	Had nice Sunday lunch. Great waitstaff, attentive, not pushy. Pricey as you'd expect for LV and the location on the forum shops at Ceasers is interesting venue. All the food was tasty and fresh.
5	I visited Vegas for a mini vacation for myself and to meet up with a very good friend who lived there.   So she and her boyfriend chose this place and we met up for dinner Tuesday night.   Server was A plus!  Everyone was knowledge of everything that was served from the bread to dessert.   We had a complimentary cauliflower soup from the chef - whoa so good.  For appetizer - a margarita flat bread pizza - which blew my taste buds (fresh produce + simple flavors + thoughtful  preparation = something really special).   For entree:   truffle risotto, beef ribs and a vegetable medley.   The dishes were very well seasoned and in good portions.    We finished with coconut creme brulee.  I highly recommend Spago - will come back for sure next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Pretty much a sure thing. It was great years ago and still is.
5	So I decided that for my 100th review, I had to choose someplace special and meaningful. What is more important to the Vegas culinary scene than Wolfgang Puck's eponymous Spago? I mean, he paved the way for chefs who were skeptical about opening restaurants in Las Vegas. We owe this man everything; Las Vegas would not be a culinary destination if not for him.Spago is THE restaurant to go to, really for any occasion, you can't go wrong. I have been here for both lunch and dinner and each experience was top-notch, although in the evening in the formal dining area it is more private and romantic. I have tried multiple items on the menus over the years, steaks, chicken, fish pastas, etc. and everything was wonderful. You cannot go wrong with the menu, everything is delicious. All of the desserts are great too. Almost each time I've gone I've gotten free dessert since I am a local, score! In fact, I once went for lunch with four other friends, and although I was the only local, they brought out 3-4 desserts for free anyway.  As you can imagine, the service is impeccable. The waiters describe the food in such a manner that you literally drool. They are super knowledgeable about the menu and the ingredients and on top of that everybody is very friendly. Whenever out-of-towners ask me for a recommendation on where to eat; Spago is always on my top five list, regardless of the occasion. It is great for lunch to people watch and at dinner the ambiance is just spectacular. And on top of that the food is great!I tip my hat to Chef Puck and Executive Chef Eric Klein. Bravo indeed.
5	Wow. Spago really blew me away. Started off dinner with a carefully sculpted tuna sashimi, arranged to look like an opening bloom. Followed that with sauteed scallops, which were perfectly caramelized on both sides. And because I just couldn't get enough, I had to have the chocolate layered cake. Service was top-notch. Executive Chef Eric Klein was a regular on the floor and chatting with patrons. You could tell he really cared about the diners. He sent along a free butternut squash soup amuse bouche my way and ended the meal with a petit four, also gratis. Honestly, it was a meal that could've gone on forever. I didn't want it to end!
5	AMAZING, thank you to everyone from Josh the server to all the expediters who gave such great service.  The food, wine everything was just perfect.  Thank you!!!
5	I visited Spago with a party of 7 and we were all 100% satisfied with each and every dish we ordered, including the small portions of squash soup that were compliments of the chef. Seriously, we joked about fantasies of filling up the tub in our hotel room with the soup and bathing in it.While we're talking about soup, let me sell you on the mushroom soup. If you aren't a mushroom lover, don't bother. The flavor of mushroom is strong, balanced by the dollop of creme fraiche and scallions. I struggled to get through half of this creamy bowl of deliciousness, as the portions at Spago are certainly large enough for even the heartiest appetite.  As others mentioned, the service is extraordinary-- even for our group of 7 teetotalers who probably only spent 50-75% of other tables of our size. The chef stopped by several times and made jokes with the group. These touches are the nice cherry on top of an amazing dining experience.
5	After looking at the line at the buffet; decided to come here for lunch instead.  I was very happy with the decision.  We ordered a lamb sandwich, a pizza, and a chopped salad.  All three items were outstanding!!!  The lamb sandwich was over the top delicious.  Service was great, the atmosphere was nice, and in the end it was way cheaper and probably exceptionally better than the buffet.  Props to Wolfgang Puck.  He is still the man.
5	The Las Vegas location was the first one I tried and I loved it!  Food is very delicious and professionally prepared and the servers are very well informed, which is refreshing.   The food took a bit long to prepare, but definitely worth the wait.  You can tell that it was made to order and not microwaved.  Five stars!!
4	Four of us had a great meal at Spago! The hand crafted cocktails were all amazing and a great start to the meal.  Everything that we ate was absolutely delicious and seasoned well! The only reason that I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 was because our entrees all came out luke warm.  You could tell everything was freshly prepared that wasn't the issue, I just think the food just sat too long before it was carried out.  We also had a very long time between our appetizers and meal (almost 40 minutes) which was a little odd. Luckily we enjoyed wonderful drinks and conversation so we weren't upset, just surprised. Especially with the restaurant only being about half full with guests.  I definitely recommend checking out Spago and I will go back again when I am in Vegas if I have time! The service was also very professional and enjoyable!
5	First time actually coming to try out this place after I've passed by the Beverley hills location multiple times. The prices are high here $30-50 per entree but definitely worth it. I got the short ribs and it came real quick and was absolutely incredible... The ribs were amazingly tender and just melted in my mouth. The sauce on top of the ribs matched them perfectly and the gnocchi that came with it was well cooked and very chewy.The food wasn't even the best part of the visit... Definitely thought the best part was the service. It seemed like our waiter was always RUNNING EVERYWHERE and when my glass was even slightly full, it quickly got refilled. In fact, there was a moment when the waiter actually bumped another customer because he was walking so fast. There was never a moment in which we felt neglected. Awesome place! Probably won't come here regularly because of the prices but I'd definitely come again for a special occasion!
5	Came here with hubs and the inlaws. OMG. Everything was amazing and everyone loved their food! Service was awesome and the chef even came by to check on us.Wild mushroom risotto...mmmmmmmm!!!! My lamb chops were killer. Even the sun dried tomatoes were tasty and fresh. Hubs got the duck breast....ohhhh...myyyyy.....GAWD! My father-in-law's New York steak, even though he likes med well and I'm a med rare person, was still delicious. Mom-in-law got some fish dish, and I don't eat seafood but her plate was empty, so she obviously loved it. We shared the chocolate layer cake dessert which came with some salted caramel gelato...yum!We were hurtin' so good afterward! This place is a must on our next trip to Vegas. One of the best dinners ever!!!
4	I LOVED this place. Kinda bummed I didn't get to go again during my stay. It was delicious. Definitely nice for people watching. I had a very simple dish- spaghetti, basil, tomatoes and I think chives. It was delicious. I asked for some bread which was also really good. I am a fan, I recommend it and will seek it out when I am in Vegas again.
3	Don't know if I can go crazy with the 5 star review, of which I see a lot here, but Spago was fine. I definitely ate from the more casual and less expensive "cafe" menu, so perhaps my experience would have been different if I had selected from the other menu. I will say that the items featured there looked really good, so maybe I should come back one of these days and try to eat a full dinner. But as it was, I just had a pizza to fuel up while trying to find a birthday gift for mom.The pizza was good - mild sliced Italian sausage, good cheese, nice crisp crust, etc. But it wasn't truly remarkable. Would I eat it again? Oh yeah, absolutely. Would I place it above all other thing crust, wood/coal oven pizzas I've had elsewhere...no. In fact, see my review for Grimaldi's - it's not even the best wood/coal over pizza I had on this given Vegas weekend. But that's not to insult it. Just to say it's not EPIC.
2	Good food, bad service.Went there on our 2nd. evening in LV. The food was good, but the service sucked. Glasses for the vine were with watermarks, the plates were taken away without even asking, the sparkling water bottle was untapped and the not closed again and we were receiving the check without asking for it, before we finished our coffee. For that price I expect more. For us it was a two time visit-the first and the last time.
4	Was in Vegas for my bachelorette party and wanted to have a nice dinner with the girls so we decided to go to Spago.I LOVE Wolfgang Puck so I was very excited to come to his restaurant.  We started with some bacon cheddar bread.  Yum! Then, the chef sent over some cauliflower soup, which has inspired me to look up recipes on cauliflower soup.  I need to make some since it was SO good!There were 6 of us and we all ordered different things so we got a really good taste of the menu.  We got the Colorado lamb chops (just okay), grilled french sea bass (delicious), steamed Scottish salmon (good), a special of mushroom risotto (super rich and yummy), the diver scallops (one of my favorite dishes of the night, but only came with 3 scallops), and the braised beef short ribs (this was amazing and a very large portion).  The service was great and we had a great time eating delicious food and drinking good wine.  So fun!! I'd love to come back again with my fiance and do the tasting menu!
4	I've always wanted to try the Vegas spot which started the whole celebrity chef craze and the 20th anniversary throw-back menu was the perfect excuse!First on that night you couldn't beat the prices, we ordered two of the salmon pizzas for the tables, entrees and dessert.  If the prices were always this low I'd give it 5-stars easily!I didn't see anything which jumped out on the menu so I asked the waiter who recommended the sea bass.  I'm normally not the type of person to order seafood unless I'm at a strictly seafood place but I decided to trust the server.The sea bass was really good, crispy and cooked to perfection.  I was very satisfied with my decision and it's given me a little more faith to try something new on a menu!  The salmon pizza I could tell was very fresh, underneath was a sort of tarter sauce which I could have done without.  I'm not a huge salmon fan so I'm surprised I ate 2 slices.For dessert I had the souffle which I think is one of the over the top presentations for a dessert.  I've had this before at the former MGM Grand Detroit location so I knew what to expect, but it was still amazing as always.Service was really good, I guess when I give a 5-star rating though it's for places which I constantly think about going back to and this one just doesn't come to my head.  No doubt I'd go back though!
3	I have friends who absolutely love Spago and continually rave about the short ribs. So when another friend came into town for the weekend, I decided we should try it out based on their recommendations. I knew Spago was going to be pricy, but every dish was about $10 more than I was expecting still. A dish I expected (based on similar surrounding restaurants) to be about $35 was $45 and this was true across the menu. Because of that, we had to skip our appetizers. I had the short rib and my friend had the lamb chops. My short ribs were good, but didn't live up to the expectations I had (which were admittedly high). The flavor was great but they were the fattiest short ribs I've ever had so I had to cut large sections out. My friend's lamb chops were fantastic but they came with risotto. This is when things went downhill. The risotto was forgotten at first. They then admitted the mistake and brought some risotto. However, the risotto they brought after they forgot it was undercooked - noticeably undercooked. We complained and they took it back and brought some new risotto. it seemed to be the same risotto but a helluva lot hotter. Maybe they just undercooked a large batch of risotto and scooped out some more undercooked risotto or maybe they just zapped it in a micro. We gave up on the risotto.The service was another issue. The chef came out briefly and said how was our meal. He said this before we had gotten any food so he just turned and walked away. Very awkward. And we never had the same waiter. It was someone different doing everything so when we had the issue with the risotto it was very difficult to correct it.Maybe it was an off night, everyone I talk to seems to love it, and the food wasn't bad, just nowhere near as good as expected. But for that price, you shouldn't have an off night like that.
5	This might have been the best meal and service that my husband and I had our whole trip.  The staff is totally attentive and very professional.  We started off the meal with a nice glass of champagne and bread that they make in house (must try the bacon rolls, delic).  We skipped getting 1st courses because we had a big lunch and next time we wont make that mistake.  Our main entrees were excellent.  I had the salmon prepared "hong kong" style.  So flavorful and moist.  My husband got the braised beef short ribs and gnocchi!  The gnocchi was light and cooked perfectly.  The beef was so tender and fell apart easily.  We did end up getting dessert and we are glad that we did.  The chocolate souffle is worth the wait, yum! Go, enjoy, you won't regret it!
2	When you go to this restaurant you can choose between the cafe or actual restaurant. We asked which side was better and the host said the cafe so we chose that. Sitting out in the open didn't bother me too much but it was incredibly warm in the mall for some reason and made our dinner uncomfortable. The server was pretty poor. He didn't know the menu well and couldn't tell me how the salmon tasted. When we finished eating the bus boy cleaned our table, while we were sitting at it. The server walked by us numerous times without acknowledging us at all. We eventually asked for our check and left with an overall negative impression. What you need to know:The food is good, not amazing. Their was no wait to get a table.The service is probably pretty good but our server blew. (I have his name on our ticket but I'm not going to name him on here, I did write a sad face on our ticket).
3	Went to Spago the other night while in Vegas.  It was my parent's anniversary so we brought a great bottle of wine.  I know most restaurants charge corkage fees for bringing a bottle...but I was surprised to get hit with a $50 fee!  That was quite steep.Everyone enjoyed their food.  I had the short ribs which were pretty good.  The service was a bit slow.It was a nice gesture for them to comp the dessert because it was my parents anniversary.Dinner was okay, but I prefer Postrio over Spago.
2	This is an unbiased review as we paid for the dinner with gift certificates. We went to the dining room and received that menu (there are different menus for the dining room and the cafe). Service was really nice and attentive. Servers come around with a bread tray and you are able to choose which breads you would like, there were about 5 different kinds to choose from to accompany salted butter, yum! I ordered the Colorado lamb chops which came with baby spinach and mushroom risotto, I was very excited and shortly after became very disappointed. For the price of the entrees I expected more food. I was only brought out 2 lamb chops, a couple leaves of baby spinach underneath and a small amount of risotto on the side. Risotto was excellent and the lamb chops were average. My boyfriend ordered the duck breast which was mediocre, had little flavor. All in all, if you are going to spend your money, do it elsewhere with more value and more flavor.
4	Felt  level of service, once the cornerstone of this Spago location, has dropped a notch. We sat at the bar where pro s like Peter and Tony once ruled the fortress. These guys looked like they were in grade school. Effecient but dry, not friendly. We weren't brought or even offered a bread basket despite ordering a full dinner. Sorry but that is weak. We also saw amd heard some animated bickering between a female bartender and a server. The short chubby GM guy who has been there awhile watched it from afar without stopping it or letting them know this type of behavior was unacceptable.  This GM seems to have gotten complacent in his job.  If i were a higher up in PUCK enterprises, id give this guy a dressing down or a demotion. This is not the Spago i once knew.Yet make no mistake. The food is still great. Executive chef Eric Klein has put the Puck staple Chinois Chicken salad on the spring 2013 menu and this salad is as good as any you will eat. The Hong Kong stlyle Salmon was excellent. The Rigatoni Bolognese was stellar, however a bit rich. Id recommend getting it easy sauce.We didnt get dessert. A dessert menu was not offered to us either, again another sign of our first overall less than stellar Spago experience.2 days later, with limited time before we had to head to airport, we went to the Spago Bar for a quick bite.  I told the female bartender with green eyes and freckles that i needed the food rushed. My wife got a salad and i ordered a pizza.  Both were great.  The Pie had too much cheese on it IMO. Wood Fire pies are cooked at high heats for a short time. Generally they need to have limited sauce and cheese.  Was still solid and i forgot to ask for ez cheese like i always do.  This bartender was solid.  Offered us bread despite the casual curcumstances and time of day. She was friendly but professional and got us our food out within 13-14 minutes.We will be back as it is one of our favorite spots in Vegas.  We hope to see the old familiar faces and the level of service we are accustomed to.
4	Had a wonderful dinner here w da hubs.  Shirmp/pork belly/blood orange salad to start then I had the lamb while hubby had the braised pork.  Why haven't we gone to the one in Beverly Hills yet since we live so close to it?!  The food was so nicely cooked.  The perfect taste and tenderness.  Service was great too.  Only improvement is on the ambiance.  We were seated upstairs so maybe the ambiance would have been nicer downstairs.   will definitely have to try the one in bh.
4	Any time a restaurant offers a wienerschnitzel I am in. And if it's owned by an Austrian chef is a no brainer. Loved the salad and the very attentive service.
3	Sat on the "patio" area, note the patio and the interior get served different menus which is just odd! Had a cheese plate, a pizza and a tuna app. All were good but not great.  The drinks were fine and the service was fine.  Not bad all in all but I had really hoped for more from the celebrity chef flagship!
4	While shopping in the Bellagio, we decided to stop here for a snack.  We shared the sliders and the Alsatian pizza.  It was soooooo good!!!!  For dessert we had the sorbet, you get 4 different flavors for $10 and it was awesome!
5	Quite honestly one of the best restaurants I've eaten at, EVER.. I came in with chip on my shoulder that another celebrity chefs' restaurant I would find overrated and pasts it's prime.. However, it wowed me from start to finish and I came back again a few days later.. Everything was superb, the California laid back vibe, the breads, the soups and that roasted chicken.. My god, that roasted chicken.. It was quite honestly one of those dishes that I'll never forget. It's a bit odd that I have dreams of eating that chicken skin still, right? It was the perfect dish.Like I said the first dinner was so good we came back two days later, I really needed to check my attitude at the door.. I was wrong, Spago is the real deal and for the quality and price I'm not sure even Robuchon can compete.
4	Food was OK, but service was awesome! Our original group of 10 ballooned to a group of 20, and they didn't blink an eye and accommodated our group's last minute changes.
2	I was SOOOO... disappointed with my experience at Spago, Las Vegas.  The Hubs and I were in town for a wedding and planned a nice date night on Saturday night.  I've been wanting to try Spago for awhile, as we've been to a couple of Wolfgang's other restaurants.  After all the hype this restaurant seemed to have, I really had high hopes for a fabulous meal... unfortunately, this was not the experience we had.First off, the service was awful.  We ALMOST got up and left because it took 15 minutes for our waiter to greet us and ask for our drink order.  By that time it was close to 9PM and we were starving.  Once we finally ordered, we waited a really long time to get our food.  I'm not sure if it was just what we selected, but I really wasn't happy with my meal.  We had the lamb pizza and the fettuccine.  The pasta was OK, nothing to write home about and the pizza was awful in my opinion.  The crust tasted funny as did the sauce.  I really was disappointed.  Based on our disappointing meal, we opted to skip dessert.Really, the best part of the meal was the bread basket.  Everything in that was fab.  Oh well... better luck next time Vegas.
3	Spago's is good and if your a Wolfgang Puck fan its on your Chef Bucket List. With that said nothing about the meal really stood out except the service which was excellent. As I mentioned the food was good, well prepared and nicely presented but the flavors and taste combinations were just not all that exciting. I'd give Pucks another try but I'll pay special attention to what I order to see if I can get a flavor profile that meets the reputation of the Chef owner of Spago's.
1	Absolutely the worst food!!!! Not even one star!! Ok the bread basket was good but that's about it. The pizzas were soggy. The pasta we ordered was very salty.
3	This is the saddest review I've ever written as I was a long time Spago customer and fan but the "new" Spago just doesn't cut it. The service isn't as friendly as it once was and the offerings are only a shadow of the excellence that was once the hallmark of this location.
3	So maybe this is just something against Vegas and everything being overpriced but everything here was just meh, especially for the price tag. Friends and I got a slew of different dishes and nobody was shocked out of their pants or anything. Usually I measure how good a restaurant is by how memorable the dishes were and I don't remember anything being that memorable. Maybe Spago was too overhyped for me? I also remember that we made a reservation, got there on time if not early, and still had to wait for a table (ie awkwardly crowd around the tiny front area). What's the point of a reservation then??
2	For such a "fancy" restaurant, this place was a disappointment. We made a reservation, got in quickly, and put in our orders. For two hours, all we ate was BREAD. Apparently, their ticket printer in the kitchen was broken and nobody bothered to tell us (until I asked for the second time). Once we got the food, it was  mediocre. We've had much better food at half the price. They semi-redeemed themselves when my husband complained- they gave us a discount.NEVER AGAIN!
5	This is a really good pasta restaurant.  We had the pizza and the spaghetti; the spaghetti noodles were nice and firm, and very tasty!  The Pizza dough was thin, soft, and delicious!
5	I just love this place. Sensational food, great service and fun people watching. Ya, it's pricy but it's Vegas, Spago and sensational.Two nights ago I stopped in to Spago and had the short ribs. Still sensational.
5	The food here is great. The wine list is very reasonably priced, and the staff is wonderful. I highly recommend Spago.
2	Bah, a better word for this place would be "SALT."From the salt covered butter that's served with the bread, to the salt drenched salad, arriving at the salty, uninspiring pepperoni pizza, all I could taste was salt. It gets two stars simply for the servers, who were awesome and kind people. At least the water they provided was salt-less and helped re-hydrate me.
4	I had a marvelous dining experience here!  Loved our server.  He was friendly, attentive and present without being overbearing.  They have green flash on tap, which is a big win.  Their pizza was crisp with a charming mix of classic and exciting flavors-- nothing was overwhelming, and it was very well balanced in terms of ingredients. The calamari was also very well prepared.  Love Wolfgang Puck, and I was very happy to have another great experience at one of his concepts! Cheers!
5	Went for a birthday dinner! Was pleasantly greeted  by the manager, seated immediately. The most important part-the food- was amazing. Every thing was cooked exactly how we ordered. Perfect temperature and flavor was out of this world!!! They do it right at Spago, well taken care of!
5	Their 6 course tasting menu exceeded my expectations. We got here a little before 6 pm and service was excellent. The bread options were delicious, especially the bacon cheddar biscuit and the parmesan crunchy bread. The tasting menu started off with: 1) Tuna done three ways as sashimi, in a cone, and flatbread with home made ricotta cheese2) Corn soup with burrata salad that was a refreshing appetizer 3) truffle oil pasta with shaved truffle and foam (our favorite! A euphoric blend of flavors)4) avocado, crab and grapefruit which was a refreshing palate cleanser 5) Sea bass with tomato broth6) seared duck with a crunchy exterior and medium rare. Palate cleanser: We finished off with a mango sorbet with granita. 7) Dessert was raspberry sorbet with custard, foam8) Chef's sample of truffle and passionfruit marshmallow.Throughout dinner, the service was attentive, and multiple waiters asked us how we were doing. The chef came out multiple times to check up on how our meal went. Overall, an impressive tasting menu. Highly recommend this place!
4	YES. Awesome. We ate here on our last day at our convention and I'm so glad we did. We opted for the pasta special of the day, a pizza, and an appetizer. Our server was awesome; charismatic, fun & happy (I think James was his name according to our receipt!) He was great at recommendations, following up, and making sure we had a great time there. We ordered the potstickers for our appetizer, the cilantro pesto fettuccini pasta with shrimp, and the mushroom pizza. The potstickers were AWESOME, but I don't know if I would pay $15 for them (which we did). The pasta was fantastic-- flavor was ALL there and pasta was al dente (I'm so used to "American" pasta, that I don't know if I appreciated the al dente as much as I should have) - $27. The mushroom pizza was fantastic as well, so mushroomy and tasty - $16. Overall the food here is GREAT. I just wish it wasn't so pricey!
4	I come here for a light meal or a snack whenever I'm shopping at Forum Shops because it's right there after you turn right from the parking lot elevator and another right after the slots - easy to find and convenient...I'm not the most patient person in the world.  With that being said, I like the service here because my meal doesn't take up my entire shopping day but yet, I don't feel rushed either.I always get a wood-fired pizza. Either the Margherita (fontina, goat cheese, mozzarella, parmesan, basil and tomatoes) which is different from your typical Margherita pizza OR the House Smoked Salmon Pizza (dill cream, sweet onions, salmon pearls with American sturgeon oscetra black caviar)...my favorite from this place since I love salmon.  It's like lox and bagels but in pizza form.  The crust is crisp, the salmon pearls just burst in your mouth.This is the casual side of Wolfgang Puck.
5	Walked by and got the aroma of pizza!  Had to stop as it was way past lunch time.  Sure glad we did.  Wife and I ate lunch on 8/22/2013, having the pepperoni thin crust pizza.  The sauce base was the most flavorful I have ever tasted.  It was as if it was made with a cream base.  The crust was as delicious as the main dish. Drinks were excellent as well.  Superb attention to service.  A total delight!
5	The waitress recommended the special pizza that they had for the day that had panchetta and fig. It was AMAZING! We also had the kettle chips with vinegar. They were delicious. I would definitely go back!
5	The tasting menu is the way to go. Most places might boast a nice range of courses that sound impressive, but Spago delivers a nice portion to go with it. The seven course tasting menu is technically an eight course if you include the amuse bouche. Kerry was our server and she is impeccable as always. Her standard of service is top notch from the way she works the table to how personable she got with all of us. A group of 14 of us came in to dine and large parties are not easy to work, but her team worked flawlessly well together. The food is more than enough to satisfy even the most hungry. I came in with an empty stomach and was ready to roll on out. I was uncomfortable for the rest of the night, but that was my fault for devouring my meal and then moving on to those who couldn't finish theirs. I am greedy when it comes to good food. I won't be fighting you over it, but I will not be letting it go to waste. As with any good tasting, it evolves and to speak too much into the food will only leave you disappointed if they do not have it anymore. I will say the corn agnolotti with the shaved truffles was one of the star dishes. I could eat these everyday. I am not the most knowledgeable about wines, but I felt comfortable in asking for assistance. The bottles here are affordable especially for the Strip. Great experience!
4	Spago never disappoints. I come here every time I go to Vegas.  Whether you want one of the wonderful flatbread pizzas  or a full meal, it is very good.  It came through again this trip.  Probably the best meal we had which didn't break the bank.I had the Margherita Flatbread pizza which was excellent and my husband had the turkey sandwich which was excellent.  We always sit on the patio and watch the people go by.I was very impressed to learn the Wolfgang Puck does check out the restaurant at least once a week if not more to make sure it is living up to its standards.  You don't hear that a lot in Vegas.I shall return the next time I go to Vegas.  So, refreshing to go to a place, get good food and not have to get a second job to pay for it!
5	Another vote for the tasting menu.   Had dinner on a slower Thursday night and was blown away with the quality and service,. Every course was explained in great detail as it came out so it was truly an introduction to some great food. No course was a disappointment.
5	Service was amazing. Wine recommended by our server was perfect for our snack. Roasted mushroom pizza was incredible and we just got back from Italy. Only downside was shells in 2 of our oysters but they were so good couldn't ding them. If half stars were available it would have been 4.5. All on all will go back and get oysters again.
4	Pizza's are great, love the shisito peppers for an app. The favorite is the homemade spaghetti bolegnase (??) with the Roma tomatoes etc..Always great food year after year..
1	We sat at the bar so we could watch the game there was plenty of room we were greeted by a tall grey haired bartender named Peter.  We just wanted to watch the game we really didn't feel like talking and he just didn't know his boundaries.  He seemed full of himself and honestly he was annoying.  And then we observed something horrible.  Three guys came up to the bar and ordered a couple of drinks to go.  He made the drinks and then told them a price...but he never rung them in he put the money in their tip bucket.  He stole blatantly right in front of everyone.  It looks like they have cameras how does a bartender get away with this.  There was another bartender working we enjoyed her she talked about the game with us.  I still can't believe he was stealing!
5	Was there on labor day weekend and it was a great experience. Even when the place wa packed we got sit right away and the food was delicious: I ordered a pizza and it was awesome, My son ordered the meatloaf and that thing was finger-licking good, my daugther oredered pasta and that thig was home made and extra good. My wife ordered the sliders and that was also awesome. To top it all the service was great! love the place and we will be back!
4	Calamari is amazing!!!! It comes with a tangy sweet and sour sauce that I couldn't get enough of :)
5	Order the Mai Tai cocktail here! We made reservations a couple of days ahead and were glad we did because they were busy. The service was great and the portion size was just the right amount. My meal and two drinks cost around $80 but it was well worth it. There is a restaurant and a cafe, if you are looking for a less expensive and faster option then do the cafe. It's still really nice. We chose this place after reading yelp reviews and were very happy we did!
5	The pizza is to die for .. But I must compliment them on their service .. The mingoniette sauce was spectacular.. The rigotoni bologniese was perfectly seasoned overall this place gets 5 stars
3	Taste: 3.5Creativity/Authenticity: 3Atmosphere: 3.5Service: 4Bang for your buck: 2.5went here with a friend who's very particular on what she eats (vegan) so being italian food i figured this would be a good spot. Didn't know this was owned by wolfgang but anyways im 100% carnivore. Got oysters on the half shell kumumotos i believe which where good and fresh. Next was the greek salad and margarita pizza, salad was refreshing, good amount of dressing, doesn't make the salad soggy which is key. Now the pizza was good but im not a fan of the crust, too much doe but the pizza was good very simple to mess up. Overall this place is good, maybe for a date in vegas but nothing special just another high end restaurant checked off on the list next please
5	The food is always amazing, both for the eyes and the palate. The food always lures me to Spago but the exceptional customer service is what keeps me coming back. We've spent our last three special occasions at Spago and there will be more to come I'm sure.I lived in Austria and I can say that the Weinerschnitzel is not only delicious but authentic. The braised short ribs are also not to be missed.
3	Pretty average overall experience. First of all, we (being in our late 30s) were apparently about 30 years too young for the crowd we saw at 8:30 on a Friday night. The service was very good. I had the Caesar salad which was good, but not $15 of good. I also had a pizza which was really salty. The wife had a very good piece of halibut.We would probably not return even though it wasn't terrible. Just too many good restaurants here to eat average meals in Vegas these days.
4	Had a fabulous meal at Spago last Friday night. Everything that I would expect it to be. Pricey for me, $150 after tip for two but we were on vacation and splurged. Service was very good, got us in without reservations. Only downside was the loud music which made private or intimate conversation difficult.
3	On a recent visit to Spago for an early dinner before Elton John we dined at Spago.  Uncomfortable seating was the start. I ordered the roasted chicken that was recommended by the server(who was wonderful). The chef was working alone in the middle of the seating area and was doing an admirable job. The chicken arrived and was so so,nothing to rave about. The dessert was lovely,the wine ok. All in all mediocre.
4	This was my favorite restaurant in Vegas for years and I'm pleased they seem to have maintained their excellence.Mini raviolis with corn were good, especially after getting a cute little bowl of salt to bring out the flavor.  Tuna tartar with sashimi was good, sea bass excellent. Steak was good, cooked perfectly with a decent sauce.Nice selection of AD drinks yielded a 25 yo Calvados that was a perfect ending.I wish I could have had my old standby, the Smoked Salmon Pizza, but as a guest it wasn't on my list of options.Service started out a bit spotty, but got better as we settle in.Would probably only get three stars ordinarily, but I appreciate the fact that they are still in the same place serving quality food.
3	The food at Spago is still very good but not as great as before. However, the level of service and warmth of staff is no longer the same. Dont recognize most faces anymore and there lies the problem. The short balding GM has scowl on his face. If he isnt dry with us, he is barking at his staff.We werent offered bread for dinner and lunch visits.  The Pizza wasnt cooked well done as asked. The Chinois Chicken salad was way too spicy and overdressed. It has changed here. They need to learn how to make it like they do at Puck's Bar & Grill at MGM which has really superceded Spago in menu selection, flavor, and service.The Cuban style sandwich for lunch was excellent. I ate half and told her to pack the rest of my plate to go. Bridget packed the leftover samdwich to go but not the housemade chips. That is lame.The Prime Beef Sliders..AMAZING. But 3 the size of a quarter each for $16...INSULTINGDessert Menu...LameThere was a time where Spago was Las Vegas headquarters for us. Read my past reviews. Couple meals and couple visits to the bar at a minimum. Those days are over.We will eat here once for lunch on follwing trips, and that all.
4	What can I say, there is a reason why Wolfgang has a reputation. As expected, his crew, both front and back of house were on point and extremely helpful. The complimentary corn soup was delicious. We also had the octopus salad, the tartare (which I barely got to taste. my buddies devoured it. Guess they like it lol), and the arugula salad. Everything was very tasty. Then for my main course, I had the beautifully  cooked rare lamb chops. Accompanied by an amazing Pino from Burgundy. All in all an awesome experience. I even got to go back and see the kitchen, shake Chef Eric Kleins hand and take a pic. Next time i return I'm for sure going to to the tasting menu. Unfortunately not everyone in my party wanted to do it, o well, next time :)
4	Go go go. I rarely finish my dishes and even when I do, there are few time I want to lick the plate clean. This was one of those time. The corn agnolotti pasta dish is soooo delicious. Note: half portions are available to if you can taste a few different things, do it!My waiter was knowledgeable and friendly, but the management walking around could be a little less snotty.
5	Love the atmosphere sitting under the skies of Ceaser the food is always top quality. The service is great
3	Very good service in the restaurant inside but service at the bar was slow and lacking. Pasta dishes and pizza are best choices. Expensive.
4	Most Vegas establishments have great service.  Spago has superlative service without compromising on the quality of food--no mean feat given the curious mix of patrons one might see in any Vegas joint--an odd subset of world population indulging in undocumented excesses with impunity, even if only briefly.I was seated within minutes of getting to Spago, and the friendly server was as tactful in making menu recommendations as he was in engaging in small talk with me.  The chopped vegetable salad was excellent, especially if you like your salad chopped finely.  I also tried the Valrhona chocolate dessert--well executed and presented.  Their teas are served in glass kettles--a welcome improvement over steel ones with too-hot-to-the-touch handles.If I find myself in Vegas again, I will be sure to return.  But in the meantime, I would have to settle for the sub-par salad options in New York.
5	Fantastic dinner! The food was incredible, pleasing both to the eye and the pallet. We sat inside to get away from the noise of the forum shops and had a wonderful romantic meal. The short ribs were so tender you had to be careful not to spill any before your fork reached your mouth.
5	My wife and I decided to try Spago for our anniversary dinner (even if it was a few months late). I must say that we were both very impressed.The service was exceptional. The waiter knew his stuff and was able to make quality recommendations. He returned at all the right times, without us feeling like we were being stalked.The food was just as exceptional. I had the half chicken with roasted vegetables and potatoes. The chicken was seasoned very nicely and the potatoes were mashed and creamed just right. I really enjoyed the various bread options. I was actually a big fan of the cheddar and bacon bread. It is definitely worth trying. And dessert...we had the grasshopper cheesecake. I was amazed how light it was!I will say that when we first arrived, I wasn't sure what to expect. The restaurant is actually two different restaurants in one, with two different menus. In the front, with seating leading out into the mall, is the cafe. This is a much more casual (and cheaper) option than the back of the restaurant. However, as we walked to our seats in the back, I was impressed with how seamlessly the two different restaurants blended together. An interesting concept that was well executed.When I return to Vegas, I would definitely consider another visit to Spago.
4	Went for lunch hoping to catch a light meal........no luck.    Food was delicious and I ate every bite.     I ordered a pizza being at a Wolfgang Puck restaurant and I can see why he's famous for reinventing the pizza.       My wife had the short rib and I had a taste and it was also excellent.
4	Best tasting food!! I tried the salmon and we had the hand cut fettuccine ... Just amazing !!! However the portions were bit small and no good desserts...
5	My wife and I went to Spago during the end of our Las Vegas vacation and were impressed with the friendly service and great food. The service folks accommodated us in the cafe section of the restaurant very quickly and politely. The restaurant is two parts and works well together as a formal restaurant in the back and casual cafe style in the front. We ordered the mushroom pizza with brocollini and leeks which was fantastic as well as the classic salad. The classic salad was unique in that it had so many vegetable finely chopped. This could be a great lunch item by itself. Ingredients were very fresh and well presented. I thought the crust was slightly better at Pizza Fifty in Aria, but the flavor of the pizza here was super. Definitely would go back.
5	Consistently delicious with incredible service. This is one of the best restaurants on the Strip. It never disappoints.
4	We were walking around and found this place to eat (not really planned).  The bread was really delicious!!  Thank you for not underestimating the importance that bread plays in a meal.  YUM.  I made a note to myself about the bread.  It read: butter, salt, pepper, and oil...four choices.  I have no idea what that meant but figured I'd pass it on ;-).Try the cheesy Margarita flat bread if you are hungry and don't think it will fill you up before dinner.  Boy I love bread.I tuna for my main entree and it was cooked perfectly.  Nothing out of this world, but a fantastic meal.  The wine list is really pricey, but I guess I should expect that in Vegas.  I found an Italian wine on the list for $70 which was rare - most were way more expensive.  It was good though!
5	I was fortunate enough to be treated to a special meal by a friend that is a regular here. We had Chef Eric at the table numerous times thru the night and every course was absolutely incredible. Highlights of the meal; Seafood Fettuccine in Arrabiata Sauce and Truffle Risotto... Everything was epic, those two just stood out. This will go down as an all-time treat. Thanks Gary for arranging and thank you Eric for doing your thing!
5	*AMAZING*For my 30th birthday we ventured into Spago for a fantastic night out and amazing experience.  Finding a great restaurant in Vegas is hand's down pretty easy...fantastic, gourmet, different...face it it's an easy task.Our food was so fresh, the wine poured all night, the service was so welcoming and engaging.  I had the salmon, others at the table had sea bass, tuna & filet special.  Everyone had a clean plate.  We also had the seafood platter full of fresh oysters, shrimp, crab & lobster.  If that is a special don't pass it up!Of course I was treated to a special "Happy Birthday" platter with a sparkling candle, which by the way doesn't blow out.  A fine, and classy way to end dinner.
5	Always great service and homemade pasta,Yum yum,
5	*great experience*I went to a company dinner party hosted at Spago and it was probably the best meal I've had in long time. the food was great. Was cutting my steak with a fork. the drinks were top notch, if you have the chance to be served by Shawn, he knows his mixology. great experience, Would definitely recommend this place for a great dining experience, or even for a place to just get a good drink.
5	Really can't go wrong at this restaurant. Extremely attentive servers,moved around gracefully and never had to search for your server, it was all team work. I love that.  They never let my wine get low, and always had a beautiful bread selection.  I started with the octopus appetizer, it was fresh and mouthwatering. I even got my friend to try it and enjoy it. It came highly recommended by our servers and I'm glad we listened.  We went straight into our entrees after bc we were going to the clubs after and wanting to eat light. Well, that was our intention. I ordered the pan seared duck. Best duck I've ever had and the portion was enough for two! My friend and I shared, he had the veal loin. The jus was remarkable. I ordered more bread just to soak it up. They served it from the serving dish to he plate. I have to say, both proteins were done to perfection. The duck had a perfect sear on the fat and the meat was soft, tender and juicy. They finish our meals with a complimentary strawberry jelly candy and pineapple marshmallow. Great experience
5	I expected dining here to be good, but I was happily surprised at how good it was.  The environment is clean and open.  They did not cram in a ton of tables so you do not feel like other people are all over you.We showed up on time for our reservation and were sat promptly.  The hostess was very friendly.  We were immediately approached by one of our servers.  Everyone who spoke to us, including the manager were great.We started with the Olsen Farm's Baby Arugula Salad.  The salad comes with Bartlett Pears, burrata, prosciuitto, vinegar and olive oil.  The flavors combined nicely.  It was a nice start to the meal.Next we ordered the Pumpkin Agnolotti.  I am not a huge pumpkin fan, but the flavors together were very good.  Mascarpone comes on the side and the agnolotti comes with with parmesan and truffles.  The textures also blend well together.For my meal I ordered the Grilled Prime Beef Filet.  The filet was prepared perfectly.  It comes with carmelized red onions, watercress, celery, fingerling potatoes, bone marrow persillade and peppercorn sauce.  While the filet is clearly the focus, the other components add even more to the meal.  The filet is seasoned lightly.For dessert we chose the Peanut Butter Souffle.  It takes about ten minutes for them to prepare it, but it is well worth that short wait.  It is so fluffy, and filled with rich peanut butter flavor.  The lemon ice cream on the side seemed out to me, but they went quite well together.  Our server recommended we add a shot of chocolate liquor to the bottom of the plate for even more flavor.  It stepped up the flavor even more.It was a pricey meal.  That being said, it is well worth it for the experience.
3	Ok. But I wouldn't go back.So many good places in Vegas, this was my worst meal here.
4	Wolfgang Puck has done it again! Spago is located in the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops right next to La Perla and closer to the casino end. Semi casual and upscale, my sister, brother in law, and I came here for lunch on Christmas day. We were seated quickly at around 12 without a need for a reservation.Service here is great- our server was attentive and our water cups were never empty. At first look this restaurant looks pretty small but once you go inside, you will realize that they actually have two levels and a relatively large bar. Although the rest of the restaurant looked nice, the restroom looked like it could use some upkeep and was on the dirtier, messier side.We ordered the sliders as an appetizer, a chicken sausage pizza for my brother in law, an italian sausage pizza for myself, and a chicken sandwich for my sister. The BEST item here on the menu is the sliders. Delicious, melt in your mouth, and delectable sliders. I would've eaten those as the main entree if I could.One star down for the rest of the food. Definitely not bad, but definitely not "as worth" coming back for as the sliders. The chicken sandwich breast tasted dry, and neither of the pizzas were memorable. For the three of us with tip, the meal came out to around $90.
5	Yelps 365 Review Challenge - Los Angeles #12 - #365Originally I was sent to the Forum Shops to pick up a purse for my Dad and was craving a small snack, so I walked around some cafes and restaurants and saw, Spago. I asked myself should I wait to eat with the rest of the family or should I enjoy my "ME" time and go for Spago. What I was thinking was, "YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE" and I've always wanted to eat at this fine dining restaurant, so, Spago it was!Spago means, "String" in English. So, I assumed they picked the word because it sounded classy in America. But anyways, the restaurant wasn't busy at that time, so I was able to grab a seat at the patio right next to the kitchen where I can hear cursing and insults from the chefs and staff.I was presented with a complimentary bread basket (Sourdough, Wheat, Rye, and Pretzel) with 3 different dips (Olive Oil, Butter, and Sea Salt). They tasted so delicious and I enjoyed the variety of dips with the warm fresh bread baked right from their oven. For my entree, I ordered the Shittake Mushroom Pizza, all for myself!! The pizza was Ohh Mmm mouth watering goodness and the service was excellent. I'm glad to have finally tried one of Wolfgang Pucks, signature Vegas restaurants and looking forward for another dining date.
5	Best meal that I can remember having!I was worried that this restaurant would be more hype than substance given it's LA location's reputation.  That couldn't have been further from the truth.We were in Vegas to celebrate our daughter's 21st birthday and the 21st birthday of her friend.The dinner started with an introduction of the waitstaff.  He wanted to know if we were in a hurry or wanted a leisurely dinner.  Since we didn't have show tickets we requested a leisurely dinner.The wine list was notable and the waitstaff were very familiar with the items on the list.  Our first bottle was an older vintage so the waiter aerated and strained it to take the sediment out.  He was very nice and explained what he was doing to the young drinkers at the table.We started with the shrimp cocktail, Pumpkin Agnolotti (Mascarpone, Parmesan Reggiano, French Burgundy Truffles) and Porcini "Bacon & Eggs" (Pecorino Romano, Semolina, Confit Egg, Pancetta).  The "Bacon & Eggs" is the house specialty.The shrimp were huge and wonderfully tasty.  The agnolotti was the crowd pleaser with a great holiday flavor profile.  The Bacon & Eggs was my personal favorite.  The use of the semolina with the confit egg and pancetta was delightful.Three of us had duck and my husband had the shoulder of lamb.  The meat was cooked to perfection.  The side items were as flavorful and inviting as the entree.  We had a good time trying to identify the purees, etc and when we asked for a menu to determine if we were correct, it was unnecessary because the waiter, Jeremy, was fully versed in each item and could answer all our questions.The birthday girls ordered the chocolate cremieux with raspberry coulis.  They both said it was the best chocolate dessert they had ever eaten.We were gifted with the petit four sampler which was a passion fruit marshmallow and a Chinese five spice chocolate.  None of us like marshmallows but we all liked these.  They were moist and flavorful.At one point during the dinner the waiter asked the chef to drop by our table.  I don't know if he was caught off guard or just doesn't like this aspect of his job because he basically said hello and walked off.  In this world of celebrity chefs, etc. he may want to work on his table side manner or stay in the kitchen.The service overall was outstanding!  They made a 3-hour meal fly by.  I did think the constant hovering of the management staff was a little bit of overkill given the superb service by the waitstaff but since it is working, who am I to judge.I will definitely return to this restaurant and keep my eye on Chef Klein.
4	You can't really go wrong at Spago. The staff was superb and the food was really good. I was totally bummed that the Wedge Salad was taken off the menu - it was one of my very favorites that I look forward to every time I'm in Vegas.  Of course, the price was just a hair high for my comfort zone, but it was good nonetheless.
5	Absolutely outstanding. Waiter had us brilliant suggestions on the cocktail and entre choices. Top with decadent dessert and Irish coffee. Gee this give my first girls wknd night a kick start.
5	Excellent food and service.  Had the raviolio and Sea Bass. People in my party had the Monk Fish and Scallops and they were great.
2	pricey, slow service and small portions. Better options close by.
2	My husband and I went on a trip to Vegas and I had heard how wonderful Wolfgang Puck was as a chef. So we decided to dine at Spago. We had oysters on the half shell for an appetizer, I think pasta for our meal and some dessert. The dessert sounded so appetizing on the menu but I was very disappointed. The food was over priced and had no flavor.  It made me sick to pay for my meal when I did not enjoy any of it. I just kept thinking this is such a waste of money.
5	Really loved this place. It was a Monday evening so it wasn't super busy. The service was excellent and all our questions were answered regarding menu options. This is important to me because I have several restrictions eating wise I need to stick to. I cannot remember the name of the fish I ordered and I wish I did. I wasn't a typical fish that I've ever heard of before. Needless to say it was cooked perfectly and presented beautifully. It tasted as great as it looked. My wife had the chicken and she also loved it. I didn't have but a bite of my wife's chocolate mouse type dessert but I loved that too and so did she.  There pastry chef was just voted BEST IN VEGAS and it showed in at least this one dessert. We would eat there again for sure. Bottom line: if you're looking for upscale/casual dining and need to eat healthy too, than you're sure to find Spagos a treat.
4	What a wonderful restaurant.  They have stood the test of time.  Always excellent service and good food at a reasonable price.  Wolfgang's Chinese take on chicken salad still is the best!  Never miss this restaurant when I come to Vegas.  Only bummer is they have changed their dessert menu; don't like the changes.
5	I recently went to Vegas with the ladies.  We ate at many places and by far Spago had the best service!  We had lunch there and the waiters gave impeccable service.  We always had full water, our wine refilled and our dishes taken away when done but they were so discrete about it.  They were very in tune with us and treated us like royalty.  The food was excellent too.  I highly recommend them.
4	Pizza.  Get the pizza.  Order the pizza. Eat a slice of the pizza.  Repeat.  Enjoy the shoppers in the forum...and people with way too much product in their hair.  Sometimes it seems like a greaseball version of hansel and gretel, but instead of bread crumbs it is hair grease left by the grease balls so they can find their way out of the forum and back to the casino.But I digress.  You will get great service, quick service, and some very good (and inexpensive) pizza.  Perhaps one of the best dining values on the strip.  Where else can you get an expertly wood-fired pizza that could feed 2 people for a little over 10 bucks?  And it is freakin Wolfgang Puck...he doesn't put his name on crap.  Unless he is selling actual crap and it would be called Wolfgang Puck's crap.  I guarantee it would be the best crap money could buy.  It is freakin Wolfgang Puck.  Trust me.  Plan a lunch or dinner here.  Great food and easy on the wallet.  Just don't slip on the way out of the forum shops.  Avoid the grease ball slug trails.  They tend to congregate near the entrance and unfortunately this is where Spago is located.
5	I must say, I was pleasantly surprised by how great everything was; the service, portions, price (made sense), taste. We ordered the Asian Chicken Salad (has a dif name but i cant think of it at the moment), the meatloaf, and 2 desserts. All portions were big enough to split among 2 or maybe even 3, depending on your appetite. The salad didn't have too much dressing and had this crunch that I always enjoy in a salad so that was a great start. As for the meatloaf, I normally don't even consider eating meatloaf (for personal reasons) but my aunt recommended it and I can see why. Very well balanced and probably one of the best I've had (but then again I haven't had much so...)As for dessert, we ordered Key Lime, light yet satisfying. Definitely recommend!PS. this review is extremely late as I just noticed I never clicked "submit"
4	Good food with a great atmosphere! Restaurant has a casual patio-style section and an enclosed fine dining section. Had the raviolo, which was small but delicious and then had the rib eye and mashed potatoes which came with asparagus and mushrooms. Amazing! Had a banana flavored dessert that wasn't on the menu which was good also. Good dining experience, but a bit pricey. Still good food, good service, good location, good time!
2	Wow what a huge disappointment. Service was ok, not mean or anything, just off, like our server had better things to do. The food was ok, I wasn't impressed. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing? I ordered the margarita pizza since that is my favorite kind. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing. We also got the complimentary bread but it was so hard I actually cut the roof of my mouth from the crust! The Margharita (drink) I got tasted so nasty I swear it was well and not the kind the menu said they used. I know I was not in the minority about the taste of the food as some of my dinner companions had something they did not like about their plate. So once again I think I over hyped myself due to all the rave reviews. Needless to say for the price we paid and the experience we got, this place is not on our list of places to return to.
5	I was visiting Vegas solo and a friend of mine who lives in town humored me by hanging out on the Strip with me for the day. Went to Spago - I'm a spoiled eater and yes, I've yet to go to LA for the "original" but have been to many of Puck's originals..just not that one. Great steak frites, perfectly cooked! Fabulous top notch service, we were even given a local's discount. They have a private elevator. My only complain is the boring wine by the glass list - more medium body (helloooo pinot!) reds are needed. Spago's is the original gangster of celebrity chef dining in Vegas. It's the only reason to go to CP!
3	Dinner here at the cafe was fine, but I left feeling slightly underwhelmed.The appetizers were the best part (which seemed to be the theme of our weekend in Vegas!)--we ordered the pork potstickers, the burrata with prosciutto, and sliders. Everything was timely and on point.For the main courses, I thought the shortribs were the winner at our table.  My rigatoni was oversalted and I thought the pasta/sauce portion was a little off. I also had a bite of the salmon pizza and really loved it for a bite, although I don't know if I'd necessarily want a whole pizza of salmon!Service was great.
3	Dine here in the patio under the painted sky. The Thai coconut soup is delicious to start. However, the recommended Chinois salad is disappointing. The pizza crust are good, but you have to eat fast or the pizza gets soggy and cold. The hand made fettuccine with mushrooms has a nice sauce, but the pasta is a bit hard and doughy. Overall, come here for the atmosphere and pizza though the service could be slow.
5	Excellent food! Excellent service! Fancy...pricy, but deservable! Highly recommend the octapus..
5	The sliders were on a house made brioche bun and cooked a little on the underdone side but were fine. They were served with a homemade ketchup(you could tell) and bacon infused marmaladeYou could really tell that the "hand cut" fettuccine was made from scratch. The noodles were thick and the sauce was sparse. The mushrooms were wonderful. I ordered chicken on the side and it was incredibly juicy. My friend had the kurobuta pork wienerschnitzel with potatoes and cabbage. He said it was awesome Incredibly good high quality food
4	Yum!  Everything I had was excellent!  Burrata and prosciutto : needed more basil and bread, otherwise a superb combination.  Fettuccine with mushrooms : not overbearing sauce, just perfectCrab cakes : same as other Puck'n restaurants but with different sauce, tasty old bay aoili.  Bloody mary and the doorway cocktail (gin and red grapefruit juice base) were fresh and energizing.  So far, all Wolfgang Puck restaurants surpass most other celebrity chef places.
5	Was in Las Vegas last week for business.  My party of five was a mix of business colleages from the US and EU.  The Europeans wanted to see Caesars and so we chose Spago for dinner and I made a reservation via OpenTable.  We were pleasantly greeted and presented with the option of dining up front with the more casual menu, or in the back and the more formal menu.  We opted for the formal menu.My four dinner guests and I enjoyed a variety of entrees and wines by the glass. Our server was knowledgeable and presented everything with a highly professional flair.  The junior server could use a bit more training, but we did not have any issues that was not quickly resolved. The food was entirely delicious and the presentation was exquisite.  This is fine dining and what we expected when the reservation was made.  As the host, the pricing seemed appropriate to me for being a high end restaurant with Caesars Palace.  If you have the time for a lengthy, relaxing and delicous dinner, and can get a reservation, you will be well fed at Spago.
5	The experience is worth the wait. This restaurant is the first in my life where I ordered off the menu with no special request. The food was amazing, the service makes you feel like royalty, and your cup is never empty. It is out first trip to Las Vegas and I truly recommend this restaurant to everyone. Also they are military friendly.
5	My favorite restaurant of all time. I have been going with my husband to the Caesar's location for the last 9 years. Delicious food; thanks to chef Chris Klein. Las Vegas location is not as busy as Beverly Hills location (1 month advance reservation). Love the lamb chops, I recommend to try the six course with wine pairing (changes from time to time). Have been to Mesa Grill and Ruths Chris, but continue to prefer Spago.
1	Grave disappointment!  My family and I spent the entire week in LV, and had the pleasure of dining in many restaurants, 3 meals a day.  The food here was the absolute worst.  Service was ok, but the food was not at all what we would expect from Wolfgang Puck.  I was served a piece of salmon that clearly was not fresh.  Food was tasteless, including the sauces, especially on the pizza.  Coming from New York and having dined in Wolfgang's Steakhouse many times, we had high expectations, which unfortunately didn't materialize here in Vegas. So many places to dine along the strip - spend your money elsewhere.
5	I came here with my date and Spago lived up to expectations. They got a lot of the little things down, which is good. Started us off with a nice basket of assorted breads and biscuits. The variety was a nice touch. We had cocktails, a Margherita pizza, filet mignon (don't remember what my date had), and dessert. This place is very quiet, mellow, and intimate.Everything was well prepared and it was a great presentation. Really no complaints. This place is for individuals who fine dine regularly... what I mean is, this isn't a place where you're going to get some crazy table-side culinary show or what not. Here you will be paying for the name, quality of food, and privacy.
3	So I tried their pastrami sandwich with French fries.  It was a pretty good sandwich but I am not so sure about the pretzel roll.  The bread plus the sauerkraut made the sandwich almost too sour.  See the pic I added.  Service was good prices are ok.
5	Celebrated my wife's bday here. Wasn't expecting much, but had a wonderful dinner with amazingly cooked meat. Tenderloin was superb, as was the tuna. Great variety for the wine list with lots of affordable options. Great environment and service was terrific.
3	Liked the Caesar salad with fresh anchovy, and the thin crust pizzas were OK, but considering this is such a well-known spot, we expected much better food. Several things lacked salt or just overall flavor, such as the fettuccini and the shortrib w/ gnocci.
5	Spago was absolutely one of our favorite places to eat in Vegas. The atmosphere was really beautiful, being situated within the forum shops at Caesars, and the wait staff were incredibly friendly. We were there for a quick lunch, and really enjoyed the pizza. We have been to other Wolfgang Puck restaurants back where we live, and the pizza is always delicious, so it was no surprise to have it be excellent again. The dinnerware is beautiful, and everything is served with style. It's a mix of casual and fine-dining mixed together. If you are in Vegas, you really should stop by Spago for lunch or dinner. You will not be disappointed.
4	The wife and I needed a good meal after a late night out. We had been to Spago a few times before but it had been a while. We were able to be seated immediately for a late breakfast/ early lunch and opted for that versus waiting in line for a buffet or getting a quick bite elsewhere. Service is always great here and today was no exception. They offer half portions for lunch and I opted for a half portion of spaghettini arrabiatta while the wife chose the Atlantic salmon. Everything was great and the wife could not remember when she had a better salmon dish. The prices are a little high, but you can get a 10% discount by showing your total rewards card. All in all, Spago offers great food from pizzas to pastas, fish and everything else in between. Also you can people watch as they stroll through the forum shoppes looking to buy some fancy clothes, shoes or purses.
4	My 3 friends and I decided to try Spago since it is one of the first celebrity chef restaurants in Las Vegas. We have been to many others and wanted to try the original. The service was excellent and the food was yummy. We got a variety of things to share. The waiter was fine with sharing. The articholk soup was amazing!  We got the shrimp and crab risotto. My friend doesn't eat crab and they were very accommodating and made it without crab. It was very good. The house salad was nicely dressed with a citrus dressing. We all shared the chicken with mashed potatoes and the steak entre with seasoned potatoes. We shared 2 desserts, a chocolate creme and a pana cotta. The chocolate dessert was very rich and delicious. The pana cotta was the only thing I didn't care for. I expected it to be smooth and creamy and the texture didn't appeal to me.I think there are other celebrity chef restraints that are more interesting like Mesa Grill or Julluan Serran's tapas place at the Aria but, this is a nice, safe place with food that should appeal to anyone.
5	Excellent meal and service. The peanut butter suffle w/ lemon ice cream was excellent!
1	Garbage. Garbage. Garbage!!!We're starving from a long day of work and walking the strip when we happen to yelp this place last minute. It had wonderful reviews and we were close by, so we shot on over. We noticed it was semi late and asked one of the men resetting a table if they were closed and he let us know that they were open and hour longer. No big deal since we're the "get in and get out" type. We then make our way to the hostess we ask to be seated. This woman, with short black hair, gives us the up and down look and explains that they will not take us due to some last minute seating policy arrangement. The entire back room was empty and ready for customers. She just thought we weren't dressed well enough for the establishment. I have never had such judgement passed on me. I mean I can't eat at your fancy place because of what I look like. Talk about shallow. I understand there are dresscodes for such things but mind you were weren't wearing anything horrific. I was wearing a floor length vintage gown and my guy some slacks and button down. Surely good enough to spend money right? Anyway, I was abhorred with their customer service and I made it a point to yelp them when I had the time. Thanks, but no thanks. -The "ugly" one
5	Spago's star had fallen in our eyes past 2 trips as they're appeared to have been lots of turnover in staff.Luckily for us, Peter, their head bartender was working and we had two great experiences with him at the bar 2 nights in a row.He fixed a great Moscow Mule and other top notch cocktail and recommended a great Japaense Single Malt scotch.The Kale, Chinois Chicken, Prime Beef Sliders, and Pan Sauteed Salmon were enjoyed thoroughly.Great times.
2	For an upscale restaurant, the service was horrible. We basically has to beg to get our sodas refilled. The waiters kept bumping into our table. The butter for the bread was melted all over the plate. And we had to wait 20 minutes to get in even though we had a reservation!  Although the food was good, we'll never go back. Terrible service!
4	Me and the hubby had a super late lunch/early dinner at this place.  I like how we can sit and people watch.  I also like how the food is something you'd get at an upscale restaurant (hello hand made fresh pasta) but since you're kinda sitting off to the side of a mall like area, it doesn't feel like a stuffy and snotty high end place.  That's a win win for me.  The hubby got the pepperoni pizza while I got the spaghetti with fresh marinara sauce.  Oh, we also got the crab cakes for any appetizer.  The grab cakes were amazing.  Definitely the best we've ever had, ever!  The crab meat was extremely fresh and who would've thought to put a sprig of celery leaf on top.  Seriously, that made all the difference in the world.  Must find recipe to try at home!  The pizza was amazing as well and might I add, quite large.  The pasta was just okay in my opinion.  The fresh pasta is a very nice touch but it just doesn't quite have the texture that I love so much from the dried pasta.  It actually reminded me a lot of chinese noodles which is probably why it threw me off a bit swimming in marinara sauce.  Now the sauce was incredible.  I would drink that straight out of a cup.  I've been coming to this place since I was 17 and hopefully I'd be coming back for many more years to come.
1	Overpriced and only so-so foodI don't mind paying a lot for a really great meal, but this was not so great.White asparagus salad was tasty but tiny portion.  Didn't live up to the waiter's raves.  The beet salad was pretty good but again, a tiny portion and too much yogurt everywhere.  Also, shavings of beets are not very appealing.  Also had the grilled octopus.  This was a big disappointment.  I have had some amazing warm grilled octopus served with raddichio and balsamic vinaigrette elsewhere.  But this had no interesting flavor combinations, just kinda blah and not even a very impressive octopus.The risotto with crab and shrimp was actually very good.  But if we're being fussy, the shrimp was overbroiled to the point of being very tough.This was just not a meal that remotely warranted the price (about $250 for 2).
3	I share the same sediment as a number of the reviewers; the service does not seem to match the atmosphere and price you pay for the meal.  The service was not bad just not what you would hope for when entering that type of restaurant.The bartender was very slow to initially even speak to me when I arrived - it was not very busy just not a very attentive bartender.The waiter we had was very attentive, actually too attentive that it because a bit annoying - in my opinion good service is not that they are asking if you need anything over and over... it's the wait staff that keeps an eye on you and can "feel" when you might need something and then "poof" they are right there when you need them.  This comes with an experienced staff which I think they lack.The food was very good but I didn't walk out saying that was worth the money I just spent for the experience. There are far too many places in Las Vegas for me to go back until I begin to read reviews that state the service is going back up.
3	We frequent Vegas a lot and have tried many eateries. QIt could have been better for sure. We got the primavera pizza. It was not bad. The goat cheese was smelly, there are better varieties available. Menu lacked options, may be normal for a small restaurant. Service was not good if this place considers itself upscale which actually is definitely not.  Very convenient location obviously. It could be a better  option for lunch. I will not go back though.
5	Got the 6 course tasting menu and it kind of changed my life.
4	This ruined my diet. The song of the sirens beckoned me irresistibly toward the pasta and I was weak. It was worth it.We stopped in after our opportunity to see Elton John at Caesar's Palace. Tucked into the Caesar's forum, the restaurant does not disappoint. We had a glass of wine at the bar before our table was ready. You should make sure to have a reservation as it is busy. I can't imagine what the wait would have been if hadn't planned ahead.Highly recommended for your trip to Vegas. Get the pasta.
3	So-so. I was a bit disappointed since I expected more from spago. Overpriced for the quality and quantity.The salmon and salmon roe pizza was and bit doughy and wasn't that hot, even if it was out of the oven.The fettuccine was quite good but not hot enough for my taste. It was warm.I guess what I liked most was the salad with anchovies.
4	4.5 stars I've noticed some of the reviews stated the service wasn't all that great.  I can tell you from our dining experience, it was fantastic. From start to finish the staff were great... no issues... and very informative. The food...If you haven't been to Spago, they have two menus. One is for fine dining, the other is for casual dining.  We went the fine dining route. I had the beef tar tare (a first for me) and it was delicious. My wife tried it and loved it as well. She had the white asparagus special.  Another winner of a dish.Main course...I had the American Wagyu steak, it was served on a bed of spinach and mushrooms. The side dish was a semolina fondue with black truffle.The steak... it was sous vide @135 degrees for 72 hours.  It's hard to describe how amazing the steak was. It melted in your mouth like pork belly but with a great steak flavor. I was able to cut it with my fork. The texture and how it melts in your mouth is nothing short of amazing. I highly recommend you order this steak. Best steak I've had to date. My wife had the roasted chicken with goat cheese which was on mashed potatoes and brown gravy. Comfort food galore! I tried it... loved it... she loved the meal as well. Deserts... I had chocolate bread pudding which also had passion fruit. This is where 1/2 a star was deducted. I thought the desert was tiny and the passion fruit didn't go well with the rest of the dish. My wife had a peanut butter souffle. Another great dish... well worth ordering. All in all we had a fantastic dinner with great food and great service. I would highly recommend you give this place a try. Do order the steak I mentioned... it's simply fantastic. A couple of drinks, a few bottles of water, appetizers, main course, desert = $240+$40 tip   $280 total. (ouch) but tasty.
3	The food was delicious, enough to warrant 5 stars easily. However, I really didn't like the service. We put our names down(without reservation, and on am evening, I can understand that there can be a wait). The hostess said we'd only wait 20 minutes, so we walked around the Forum. After, we came back but our table still wasn't ready. We went to the bar and had overpriced, weak, and too sweet mojitos. My dad kept trying to nicely ask the hostess if she knew when our table would be ready, as we saw many open tables and other groups being promptly seated (he didn't mention that, though, because he isn't rude). However, she was very short with him and would keep making a point to not walk near us. Also, I went to the bathroom at some point, and the other hostess who came in opened the door quite briskly and almost hit me hard. She kept walking by me without any apology or acknowledgement. Overall, the hostesses seemed much more stuck-up than they needed to be. Our waiter was really nice, but the busboys were rude. One poured water without thinking and spilled water on our Canon camera. He also took away my mom's drink when she was only halfway done with it. We did mention this to our waiter who felt terrible and got her a new one for free.Again, the saving grace here was the food. The pizza is out of this world. The Chinese chicken salad was incredible - huge portion but maybe could have used more greens. The pasta sauces were flavorful. Even the bread loaf given to us was fresh.However, I really wasn't comfortable due to the service. We may have been tourists, but we weren't obnoxious or tacky. We were dressed quite nicely too. We spent good money there and could have been treated better.
2	Eh, not impressed.I would give 4 stars if I was just rating the service, because it was very good. We were checked on multiple times, water refilled often, etc.Food - 1-2 stars for sure. Considering how much they charge ($12 for starter soup, $14 for starter salad) I was really hoping it was going to blow me away...not so much. Honestly, I would much rather go to Panera. The minestrone soup veggies were all underdone, to the point I felt like had to really chew my soup, which was unpleasant. The salad had good flavor but was very, very, very small for the price. I actually left the restaurant so hungry, I had to get food 30 minutes later. I cannot remember a time that has ever happened to me, and it was incredibly irritating given how much I had just spent for dinner.Anytime I think about eating on the Strip, I usually convince myself that there is better food just about anywhere else, and this experience did nothing to convince me otherwise. I wouldn't return or recommend.
4	Delicious!  Great service and great ambiance right in the Forum shops!The food is yummy...who doesn't like Wolfgang Puck?  We came here for the last night of my bachelorette party and everyone ordered a couple plates and shared. My sister and I ordered the asparagus salad and a veggie pizza.Both were delicious.Our waiter knew it was my bachelorette party because I had a crown and sash on so he has a plate of yummy truffles and chocolate brought to our table to end the meal.The view is fun...great place for people watching and what trip to Vegas is complete without visiting the Forum  Shops at Cesar's?  Love this place!Only problem:BEWARE of the specials menu! We ordered the special asparagus and though it was delicious, we realized after the bill came that it was $28 and there were only about 5 pieces of asparagus given to us.
5	The chopped salad was excellent. Definitely finely chopped, freshly blanched veggies integrated with the light burgundy dressing=refreshing and filling. The short ribs were mentioned as one if the best items on the menu. Braised for many hours in a burgundy wine sauce, melts in your mouth, falls off with a fork=delicious.Recommended to come back again! House Wolfgang Cab Sauv was excellent with the short ribs and chopped salad.
3	Nice atmosphere, great service. Food was good, not great. Had the veal and was prepped well, just not amazing.
2	I'm really disappointed in the lack-luster lunch menu. pasta, pizza, salads, sandwiches. really unimaginative. but i guess that fits the tourists' palettes. everything was just eh. the "italian sausage" pizza turns out to be just pepperoni slices...which, yes i know, is a type of italian sausage.  you can pretty much get the same food, and quality, from the food court. the tuna tartare was decent. the proscuitto and burrata was run of the mill as well.
2	Fine Food - Poor Service (this time) Each time we dine here it is a different experience, that is not always a good thing. We started with the minestrone soup ($12.00) the vegetables were not over-cooked (I love that), and kale salad ($13.00) - light dressing, like a Greek salad but with kale - black olives, cheese, tomatoes, very fresh.Ended with a vegetarian (primavera) pizza for $14.00, cooked perfectly. The problem was not in the food it was the service, took a while to order our drinks, brought the wrong ones, could nit get refills, the first course finally came, them they did not clear our plates for 25 minutes, finally the pizza came, after we reminded them, and asked a third time for refills. Then had to ask another sever to get our bill be cayuse our server disappeared (for 10 minutes), he came back into view and took an order for a party of 10. We realize things can get crazy but there are others that can help out. Stay out of the middle tables, they seem to be the "runway" to others and we were forgotten along with the table next to us.Would dine again, just at another table.
5	Our first time and Spago lives up to it's reputation!!!  Each item was absolutely delicious from the bread to the Caesar salad and then the pizza!
5	Not my first visit to Spago, I try to visit each year when out for the Consumer Electronic Show.I hear a lot of people grumble about it being over-hyped and that there are better places.  For me, higher end dining is about the experience.  Meaning NOT a 3 hour, waste my life, bland steak and potatoes, obesity sized portions.Spago is just the opposite.  Attentive staff who adjusts the speed of your meal to cater to the tables needs (in a hurry, having a biz mtg etc).Portions & presentation.  Everything that is delivered to your table is made with pride and tastes like it!  I had the Tuna and I can say the only other place I have enjoyed a great ahi dish is Roys.Lets face it, there are only so many ways to cook meat & fish.  The gourmeThe wine menu is reasonable and the after drink lists - yes Royal Tokaji by the glass!  Makes me happy!
5	The name Wolfgang Puck speaks for itself in the restaurant world, and his signature restaurant SPAGO is everything it should be for such a reputation.There's a fun, modern, and open bistro style Spago Las Vegas inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace.The patio overlooks the indoor forum shops and is fun people watching with a pseudo outdoor concept.The bar with open kitchen is a great place to sit for drinks and lunch.We had lunch here today and it was fantastic. Clean, fresh, simple but authentic Italian dishes.The pepperoni pizza was tasty as was the gluten free pasta with spicy tomato sauce.The service was amazing! Friendly, energetic, and positive bartenders who are 110% on top of things. This makes all the difference and coupled with the fresh ingredients and quality food, make this spot a great stop for anyone.Price will be $18-$25 range on dishes and that's pretty reasonable considering the quality and experience.Check out the Spago at Forum Shops. You won't be disappointed.
3	The food was delicious!  I enjoyed the prosciutto and burrata.  The steak frites is a splurge, but worth it!  One of the best steaks I've ever eaten.  The lunch staff service needs improvement.  I came right when it opened.  I dined alone, and the hostess was annoyed when I chose a table over sitting at the bar.  The man that filled my water and took my dishes was the friendliest worker I encountered.
5	This was our first sit down meal in Vegas and it did not disappoint! A group of four of us were able to walk in without a reservation on a Thursday night. We had come in late the evening before and after a full day of pool and sun we were ready for some proper food. Honestly, the name Wolfgang Puck is what caught my eye and even after we passed by it and walked to another nearby restaurant the food description at Spago just sounded so much yummier. I'm so glad we decided to give it a try. Our server was knowledgeable with the wine selection and the food choices. Like I said we were hungry so for appetizer we had a Margherita Pizza and each of us had a pasta meal. Can't recall the names but mine was crab meat with fettuccine in a spicy sauce. Utterly amazing. When the plate comes the pasta is so tightly coiled in the middle you think you are getting only a handful but once you start digging in it opens up and you find a very generous portion of food! Service, food and price were much better than i anticipated. Highly recommend you check it out!
4	Every time I'm in Vegas, I always make an attempt to eat here. The menu is always changing and I never know what to expect. Prices are pretty cheap on the fine dinning side, especially considering it's a Woofgang puck restaurant. Dinner for two was $179 with 1 glass of wine. And... I got to see Woofgang Puck in person this time.
5	Ho...leeeeee....crap. Easily the best risotto I've ever had.Generally I don't care about the celebrity chefs. They all seem more concerned with self-promotion than cooking. So when the wife was adamant that we try Spago in Vegas I was like...'meh. Walked up to it in the Forum Shops and saw the patio, pretty much confirmed my worries. But then they sat us in the dining area in the back and all those concerns went away.I honestly can't remember what anyone else had. I had truffle risotto appetizer, a glass of wine and the scallops. And then I pretty much blacked out to anything that went on around me that wasn't my food.Great food, great service. Only complaint was the water boy took his job a little too seriously. Needless to say we were well hydrated. Which, if you're in Vegas, is likely a good thing.
4	Spago has been around for awhile. It is certainly a staple of the Forum Shops. And, it has to be a Vegas must-try, especially if you're a local. You can't live here and not eat here at least once. I support this mostly because it has been around for so long and has not been transformed into another eatery.Wolfgang Puck is doing a good job here. It isn't a home-run, but it is damn close. My friend and I dined on a Wednesday night at about 6 PM. We chose to sit "outside" versus inside of the restaurant. Each place has its own menu. Dining inside means paying more money, basically.Being outside is fine though, and boasts a menu with many great options. The beginning of the meal is what draws the most ire for me. They presented some bread, which is fine, but the bread was boring and the butter was hard as a rock. If the bread had been warm, the butter being cold wouldn't have been such an issue, but with both the bread and butter being cold, it was hard to spread. I know, am I a whiny brat, or what? *cringes at my own hoity-toity-ness*We started with the Maryland crab cakes, topped with heirloom tomatoes, aioli, and herbs. The cakes were small, but fresh. Fresh taste = good for me. Tomatoes were a nice acidic addition.My main course was the braised beef short ribs. Spectacular. Moist and mouth-watering. Falls apart under your fork. A bit of fattiness (to be expected). But this dish starts cooking in the early morning and by the time you are having it at 6:30 PM at night - perfection! Came with asparagus and gnochi. Gnochi was only okay. It was a bit over-cooked. Minor detail.Lastly, we had the Valrhona Chocolate Cremeux. A lovely little dessert, incredibly rich, with fresh raspberries and an almond-crunch center. My friend also partook of some tea, which they boast quite a menu full of numerous varieties with interesting descriptions. For instance, my friend's tea was described as "Fresh Cut Grass/Ocean Mist". I thought it tasted like green tea, but smelt a bit like my front yard in the Summer.I'm glad I tried Spago. I think it is doing well and holding its own. There's no reason I would not go back.
5	Great meal...great service.  Duck was wonderful and cooked to perfection.  Pasta is made on the premises and the best we've had on the west coast.  My tuna was seared perfectly leaving the inside a tender sashimi.  Coffee was served with real cream and a great selection of deserts.  All this DOES come with a price...about $100/plate
5	It's not officially a trip to Vegas for me if I don't have a meal here. I have entertained clients (sometimes twice in one day) and have been there more times than I can count with my wife, who introduced me to the culinary stylings of Wolfgang Puck. You can always rely on the service being exceptional and not left wondering when your meal will come out. While I have dined in nearly all of his restaurants in Vegas (as well as the ones in NJ and CA), this location remains my favorite.
4	I like that they have two different menus. One more casual in the front (where we ate), and a fine dining option in the back. Our food was pretty good. I had two of the same drinks, and the first one was different than the second, which was weird for a manhattan. Overall, a good choice for a less spendy meal in Vegas.
5	Food, bar, service and experience were all outstanding.  We are going back again tonight as there were so many things on the menu that looked amazingCame back again with my girlfriend and it is as good as ever.  We each had lobster salads to start, then had amazing entrees.   The best part was Chef Kline came out to greet us.   As usual, outstanding!
5	Great food! We got the margarita pizza and the rigatoni bolognaise and it was amazing. The bread was really good too. The service was over the top! All the Wolfgang restaurants have been good so far that I have tried.
5	We went to Spago for lunch, before leaving LV.  We were going to be seating outside, but it was really loud.  They let us sit in the dining room.  The menu for lunch was nice and the service was excellent.  We had a really good experience.  The pasta was fresh and the ice cream was really delicious.  We would consider going back for dinner the next time in LV.
4	I'm usually not super impressed by Wolfgang, but I thought I would try Spago a try the other night for dinner. I sat at the bar, and ordered the following:1 - Glass of the house cabernet - it was good.  Nothing special, but wasn't bad.2 - Tomato and Burrata salad - Delicious.  Had a similar dish at Carmine's the previous week, and this one blew it out of the water.  very good.3 - Braised short ribs - This was really good.  It was a little too fatty for me, but I think it is par for the course.Service was top notch and my water kept getting refilled.  Considering I ran 6 miles before eating, this was very much appreciated.  I will put Spago on my list of places to eat at again when i want a quick meal in Vegas.
5	This was my first time going to this restaurant. Our server cody did an amazing job. We ordered the caprese salad, prosciutto pizza, and the Atlantic salmon. Everything was absolutely delicious and I will definitely be back again.
3	I'm a chef so I wanted go to a wolfgang restaurant while I was in Vegas and I wasn't impressed although the food did taste good. The water was pretty gross and the serving size is a pretty small for the price. Table rocked and service was average.
5	Had lunch at Spago.  Really attentive staff, incredible food!  After having lunch I'd wished we were staying in vegas to do dinner here too!  I had tuna tartar and it was the best I've ever had.  the plate was elegant and tons of attention to detail.  It reminded me of a deconstructed sushi roll.  every aspect was amazing.  The price was incredibly reasonable for the caliber of meal you get too!
5	I went there yesterday for dinner. The food was good and the waitress was really attentive. It was a good experience.
5	I wanted to take my other half somewhere special for his birthday, but that somewhere had to be a place I could eat. I found Spagos can and does happily accommodate food allergies  (in my case that means gluten free). We arrived early for our reservation and were promptly seated. I ordered a hurricane and the waiter recommended a Samurai (whiskey cocktail) to the birthday boy. The waiter was very knowledgeable on the menu, he explained what I could order and made a couple recommendations. We ordered a chopped salad to share, The birthday boy ordered the scampi and I had the sea bass special both were fantastic. For dessert we shared a peanut butter souffle and a plate of small treats. All the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful, the food was delectable. All in all Spagos made the evening a resounding success.
5	Great meal!  Had a 6:45 reservation and they seated us early. Gave us the choice of Patio or inside dining. Each has its own menu so look at them both before deciding. We chose patio this trip. I had the Braised Short Ribs amd the Boss had Shrimp Scampi. Both were beyond expectation. Waiter and Asst Waiter were on point with recommendations amd service without hovering.  The quality and taste of the food was excellent. Also pleasantly surprised at the pricing.   It was a bargain for Vegas!  Cocktails and Dinner for $80 at a well known restaurant in Vegas is rare and we actually had a couple of the most expensive items on the menu. Loved Spago!  Well managed and the food is worth many more trips!
5	The fine dining area (as opposed to the cafe along the shops) is spectacular. The service is impeccable, the food is wonderful, and the decor elegant. The wine list is great. The three course menu offers many varied choices, including some Puck standard-bearers. Maybe not quite as good as the one in Beverly Hills, but close to it.
2	One of the most disappointing nights. Embarrassed as I took clients and raved about the service and food. Made reservations and specifically asked for the tasting only to find out not available on Mondays. Then top it all off an hour for appetizers.  When meals came we had ordered a dude of spinach only for it to come  out when we completed our meal. So disappointed. Worst meal I have ever had in Vegas. So disappointing #neveragain
5	This meal, was just amazing. Plain and simple. Service was perfect, food was perfect. I had absolutely no complaints!I had a hangar steak (it was the special) and my mom had the Duck. They were both great. Duck really isn't my thing, but I did try it and it was yummy also. I also had the artichoke soup, it is a MUST TRY! So good!
5	another fabulous meal! I truly love this spot. It's a great location in the forum shoppes and close to the casino floor. The food is always exceptional and service is on point. They frequently change up the menu, so don't be disappointed if you go back for seconds, most likely it won't be there.  Try something new Every time bc it will be a new favorite.. The pizza and salad is good for lunch but I prefer dinner items..  This most recent visit I enjoyed the short ribs and ricotta gnocchi! The gnocchi was light enough for summer and filling enough for dinner! The best  ever! Oysters were fresh and Caesar salad was balanced well, sweet romain and a light dressing.. Go now if you can!
5	Positively Delicious, every bite was perfection! The Caprice salad was very flavorful with a red and green tomatoes-the mozzarella was the best I have ever had, so creamy. The Agnolotti (white corn Ravioli) had so many tasty surprises, and the foam on the top was a wonderful surprise. The roasted free range chicken with wild mushrooms on top and Yukon creamy potatoes, left me dreaming of future meals at Spago.  I Will have sweets dreams of all these amazing flavors.
5	Wolfgang Puck reminds us why he's Wolfgang Puck with this restaurant. Been a long time since I've been, but I still remember the meal and experience quite well. I was wary about going given I associate Wolfgang Puck with airport food...but then I remembered he's a world-renowned chef deserving of the fame. Sure, he's not behind the grill, but his staff is trained and his name is behind culinary excellence. Absolutely loved the staff, the meal and the experience for what you'd expect in a high-ed restaurant experience.
3	I have dined here before and always had a great experience so I decided to have dinner here on my birthday. It started out ok ,I was seated right away and shortly after I was greeted by Josh(I think that was his name). He brought water(which he kept filled at all times) and he brought bread and butter, I remember other times having choices of bread and different kinds of olive oil. Oh well, then my server comes(Nicole) with Attitude. I ordered the margherita pizza that was recommended on yelp, not that great. I was hoping to have the short ribs that were also recommended on yelp, not on the menu. Now what am I going to have? Nothing else really sounded that great. Miss attitude offered a special for the evening which was sea bass, I like fish so that's what I ordered. It wasn't that busy so I'm not sure why it took so long for my food to come out, luckily Josh kept me entertained. The sea bass was good, small but good. Time for dessert, I love peaches so I was happy to see a fresh peach crisp on the menu. I was a little concerned until it came out because she kept calling it cobbler, I didn't want a cobbler I wanted a crisp. It was soooo tart. It didn't look right and it didn't taste right. Now she comes with the check, WOW $38 for that sea bass. It was good but wow. With tip $100 for my birthday meal, not sure it was worth it.(Dinner for 1) I will try them again but will check the menu before dining and hope for a server that doesn't have Attitude.
4	I came to Spago for dinner. The decor is contemporary, minimalist with clean lines. The service was excellent. Our server was Josh and we started by trying their different kinds of breads: since he mentioned Spago's bread was voted as the best bread in Las Vegas, of course I tried all of them. I personally like warm bread and the bread we were given was cold and a bit hard so I don't agree with the voting.I had the agnolotti for my appetizer and it was amazing -- must try. I would have had 5 of these because the portions are so small. For my main dish I had the halibut which was cooked perfectly but was also light in flavor. In fact, the halibut's accouterments were the highlight of the dish.This was a pricey but memorable night. I would only come back for the agnolotti.
4	I love this place! My squid was really good, and birthday cheesecake was very tasty! But rest of my family did really enjoyed their food. Four stars because of it.
4	Went here for dinner tonight and I must say the food was pretty good. Nice location in the forum at Caesars Palace. I had the pasta and it was delicious. We also had the cookies for desert which were out of this world. They were warm and so good! Service was excellent. Prices are on the higher side but for the quality of food you receive it's worth the price. Wine selection is also amazing!
5	Spago is always one of the best.....
5	Located inside the Shops at the Forum/Caesar's Palace, a beautiful place to shop, window shop, or just walk around for the ambience.  Spago Las Vegas is a lot more fun and less "stuffy" than Spago Beverly Hills.  Helpful, friendly, attentive staff from the moment you walk in the doors.  Great wine selection.  Beautiful culinary presentation.  Delicious food.
5	I love writing 5 star reviews. But first has to come 5 star service, food, atmosphere, pretty much be above average in all areas. I am so mad that it took me this long to eat at a place like Spago, because this was literally one of the best meals I have ever had. I use to bartend at Casears, I thought Sapgo was a fine dining, too fancy for my lunch break type of thing! WOW, I was so wrong. You could totally go have lunch in jeans, and not be out of place! Two friends and I sat at the bar. We were greeted immediately and offered drinks. Not only offered, but also offered a Vodka sample tasting to see which Vodka we wanted in our drinks. NICE. I went with an extra dirty martini and I was told by the bartender that he hand stuffed the olives that day. As well as hand cut the big ice chunks. No cutting corners here. Let me just tell you that this martini was literally the best I ever had. I usually drink Belvedere but with the tasting, I went with Stoli Elite. Between the high quality Vodka, and cheese, I was in heaven!  Our three dishes included salmon, rigatoni Bolognese, and shrimp scampi. The pasta was fresh. The salmon was cooked perfectly and was a better quality than the average. The shrimp were huge. I would order every single dish again. Not to mention the service was so on point! I love when places educate their staff. They know why they use the ice chunks instead of cubes. They know where the salmon came from. They know the answer to just about any question you may have. Including history of the establishment. I can't wait to dine here again. They have now set a standard. I look forward to seeing if they hold the bar this high at all times.
2	Our fourth time eating at Las Vegas Spago, not so good this time. We picked the fine dining as usual. We were early, first seating at 5:30 pm, so not very busy yet. My wife had the free range chicken which was very good and I had the milk fed veal. It was absolutly terrible! Honestly it was so tough I could hardly cut it with the knife they gave me. And I could not chew it at all. It honestly was the toughest piece of meat I have ever eaten, or I should say tried to eat. It wasn't a 4.00 dollar piece of meat but I paid 41.00 dollars for it. We didn't order a bottle of wine because we decided to eat so early, and honestly from that moment we were treated like homeless people begging for leftovers. Very disappointed. We won't be back. The waiters acted like they were celebraties and we should feel privileged to eat there. I think Wolfgang has run its course.  PS / Not once did anyone ask us how our food was.
2	Salt salt salt!! Average service but the food was just tasteless and terrible for the $270 bill we received. Very disappointing!
5	My wife and I have been making an annual pilgrimage to Vegas for over 10 years. We come primarily for the food and make it a point to try new (to us) restaurants. However, we've been to Spagos MULTIPLE times and will continue to return... the experiences have been THAT good. We nearly always do the tasting menu... if it's not listed, just ask. We've found the dishes to be just as inventive and ambitious as those found at establishments sporting Michelin stars... and at a quarter of the cost.
5	My wife and I ate at Wolfgang Puck's spot at the MGM Grand during our last trip to Vegas so we had to try Spago this time around for consistency's sake; it exceeded our expectations. The wait staff was excellent and attentive with great knowledge of the menu. The specialty cocktails were awesome and rounded out our great lunch. I highly recommend the 'shogun' and really hope it stays on the menu for our next visit. As for the food itself, the mussels were out of this world as an appetizer. My wife started with the tomato bisque and is still raving about it; yes it was that damn good. Since it was lunch we decided to split a pizza (which we also did at Wolfgang's MGM location) and true to form it was spot on. We got prosciutto and arugula - super good. The delicious cracker thin crust cannot be understated. Eat at Spago if you're hungry in Caesar's forum shops, you'll be glad you did.
1	Don't bother reserving a table for earlier than 5:45 because they won't seat you. Who cares about your time? It's their time that's important.While the food and table service were excellent (thanks Tom & Josh), the horrible service we received from the hostess and manager were horrible and I'd never recommend this place to anyone.The hostess and manager both made sure my husband and I know we were not wanted at this restaurant by not letting us in for our 5:30 reservation in the dining until 5:45 even though the dining room was empty. Even though they took reservations as early as 5pm.
5	Best meal of my life. I can't even describe the experience I had here with words. This place earned 5 stars in every single way possible when I ate here last night. Beautiful is the only word I can come up with to describe my evening here. I was dinning here with a large group for a business dinner with clients. I have an egg allergy which makes going out to eat difficult sometimes. To avoid the humiliation of asking the server a million questions in front of clients I had called ahead to see what was available to me to eat on the menu. The hostess was very polite and then said she would direct me to the kitchen, she put me through to the head chef...at 5pm....on a Saturday, already amazing and unheard of service. He was one of the most caring strangers I have spoken with on the phone and told me he would accommodate anything I wanted to order to my allergy.We arrived for dinner and the server was already informed of my allergy. I ordered an amaze balls Moscow mule and then the Chilean sea bass where the server carefully adjusted the entree to cater to my allergy needs. The food came out and everyone's entrees were stunning, and made for awesome conversation at the table. My bass was perfectly spiced, and honestly just perfect all around. We got dessert and I had a bowl of fresh fruit, at this point the head chef actually came out of the kitchen to make sure everything was okay. He explained his wife has allergies so it always hits home for him. It was the best service I have ever experienced, and I think this type of gesture is unheard of and truly a rarity. Thank you so much Spago for turning a potentially stressful dining experience into an extremely elegant and awesome evening, you guys are the sh*t.
5	If only Yelp had 10 stars I would have given this place just that. We went to Gordon Ramsey's Pub and Bobby Flay's Mesa grill and they all tf us to wait for 10 minutes even if there wasn't anybody there. We tried this place, it was packed but we still managed to get a table in just a couple of minutes. We ordered the scampi and mushroom linguine. The server was right, it was life changing (for someone with a shallow life lol). It was so delicious and tasted fresh. The pasta was freshly made. Shrimp didn't come from the freezer. Sauces weren't as heavy. Service was great. They were sincere and not overly friendly.
5	Excellent food! Had the ceaser salad and then had spaghetti, perfectly cooked! The service is outstanding!
3	A really big restaurant that you wouldn't know of until you were seated in the back. They give you the impression that they are really busy(because they seat everybody in the front) but in reality have plenty of seats in the back. Quick go through of what we got:Fried Calamari - they made it a really Asian"ize" way of Fried Calamari. In chinese restaurants, they would call this salt and pepper calamari. It tasted decent...definitely not my favorite calamari.Mushroom fettuccine - Really like this dish. I thought the pasta was just right and the mushroom was really good. The sauce was perfect. Everything just blended well together.Margarita pizza - Nothing too special. Not the best pizza I've had or the worst. Crust was decent, at least it wasn't too dry. Would consider coming back...but since there are hundreds other restaurants in Vegas, probably not. Service was doable.
4	Fantastic restaurant; great service, great food.  I visited this restaurant with an associate, it was a great experience.  We sat at the bar with an extraordinary bartender named Emily.  The bar, btw, has the choice of both menus......I had the mini-slider starter.  It was good, what you would expect.  The entree  however, was exceptional; I ordered the duck breast.  It was possibly the best prepared duck breast I've ever had anywhere.  The duck breast was served over a compliment of vegetables, potatoes, and berries.  This is a meal I would return for.
5	To be honest... I have been here a few times before I wrote this review. This review is relevant to my last visit and every previous one as well. Sat on a Tuesday in the dining room and enjoyed the tasting menu with three other people. Warm welcome as I came in from two managers and the hostess. Tip: If you like tastings, this one is $120 ... Tell them that is what you want to do up front. You get VIP treatment from the beginning (kinda like booking bottle service in the club). Anyways, awesome greet. Upon seating everything is really easy. You can do wine pairing or just order to your liking. We chose to do cocktails and order to everyone's likes, but the wine list looked awesome... Maybe next time. Food was spectacular, my favorites being the tomato salad and sea bass. Presentation of every dish was original and with a purpose. Artistic enough to cause conversation every course. The flavors that ensued caused all conversation to cease immediately. Only smiles and moans ensued. Service was top notch. Everyone who approached the table ( easily 10 different people spread out over two hours) knew their role and executed properly and with no pretentiousness and the perfect amount of personal. Mickel was our point guy and was awesome the whole time. The executive chef even came by our table a few times to check on us... This really made the night special because you can tell he is super humble and appreciative of everybody who enjoys his food. He makes you feel like he prepares the dishes just for you and his only goal is to make you leave with a smile. The entire meal was amazing and I can't wait to go back.
3	I sampled a variety of dishes here during lunch, including their Margherita pizza, mushroom fettuccine, the fried calamari, and their prime rib sandwich. The food was average. Nothing too special or too different from the many restaurants in Vegas that serve casual but higher-end lunch options. I think there are better pizzas (Secret Pizza), pasta (Olives), appetizers, and sandwiches around. It's not that the food here is not good; it's just not as good as others'. Service was average and our party of 7 was able to sit down right away on a Saturday afternoon.
5	Had a fantastic lunch here. Server Frank was terrific. We had the beet salad which was the special of the day and also split a margarita pizza.  Wood fired pizza.  It was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of fresh mozzarella cheese.  Highly recommend it!  Was disappointed that they don't post the prices on their menu out front, so if you want to know prices before you take a seat, just ask.  Pizzas ranged from$14 to $29.  The $29 was for salmon.
4	Cookie platter for dessert... Why don't more people do this?
5	The best meal and service in a long time.   I had the halibut and my wife had the salmon.  The cornucopia of flavors was outstanding.  Service was 1st class.  The chef, Eric Klein, readily accommodated my wife's gluten free diet.  When back in Vegas, we will definitely dine here again.
5	I wish there were more than just 5 stars, I would gladly give more to Spago!I have been here a few times and I have had an amazing experience each time.Professional and friendly staff, amazing location, classy menu which offers a great variety of food.I can give you the details of my food but I think it's best to save the drool, head to Sin City and experience this for yourself.Love Spago!
3	The customer service is supreme. The food .... Not so much.  I ordered shrimp scampi for lunch.  The shrimp was over cooked and the pasta was under cooked.  I like my pasta aldente but this was still crunchy. The flavor was great - but the food was too hard to eat.  Thick crunchy pasta and rubbery prawns were not what I expected from this well established resturant. I ate the shrimp and left the pasta.  They did remove my meal from the bill - again good customer service.
5	Come here every time I'm in Vegas. Their chopped vegetable salad is amazing. Of course their pizzas are great as well!
5	Excellent food. A little noisy if you do not eat in the dining room, but a great experience.
4	We enjoyed a great lunch at Spago. The margherita pizza was outstanding and I even tried a bite of Aaron's pepperoni pizza, which was also incredible. The oysters we had for our appetizer were great and the mignonette that accompanied them was wonderful as well. We ended our lunch with the peanut butter souffle which was deliciously sweet and just the right amount of peanut buttery goodness. Overall: Spago offers a great lunch and is definitely worth visiting. Next time Im in town I look forward to trying out their dinner as well.
3	Overt the years, I have eaten at Spago quite a bit.  For some reason, it had been a while since we went, so I went to Spago this past week. I was a little disappointed.First, the good. Service was good.Restaurant was spotless.Ambiance was as expected.It was the food that let me down. Do not misunderstand me; the food was OK. But it was not great, as it had been over the years. The octopus appetizer was mediocre; nothing to write home about.  They used to have a slightly different version that was so much better.The dover sole was so-so, served over their version of potatoes Lyonaise, which were also just OK. tiny piece of fish that had no flavor. The white sauce was watery thin.My partner had mashed potatoes with his entree which were "cool", not hot, thick and a little starchy.Everything was OK, but nothing was really good.In the past, everything was to die for.
5	Holy moly. I...yeah, this experience was kind of transcendent. My husband and I are not rich. But this year, we wanted to do something special for our Fifth Anniversary. We had a big health scare, and...wanted to do something special. Screw Price. So we opted for the tasting menu at Spago. After reading previous yelp reviews, we expected a good night, 5 courses, some tasty cocktails...We had NINE COURSES. For $100/person + drinks. Nine. I'm pretty sure we had like, 3 deserts? The lemon sorbet...the blackberry sorbet topped ricotta and graham cracker cheesecake, and then the candy tasting plate....yeah. That's 3. We had an amazing Sashimi that was served on a bed of seaweed with dry ice making the salt smell...oh yeah....sorry I had a moment. Mustard and cantaloupe...those shouldnt go together, I can't stop thinking about it. It was with the sashimi....Sorry. Moment. Then there was a cold soup soup/salad that redifined tomato for me forever....and then crab salad, and risotto with truffle and parmesan, and then halibut and peppers with a carrot puree, and then lamb with a different carrot puree.....and...oi...Did I mention this was October 10th? I remember what I ate down to the texture of each berry slice.Food came at a perfect pace, we had enough time to eat slowly and savor an unusual meal, without feeling like "man, where is the next course!?" Everything was presented so elegantly and with such grace I almost felt too plebian to be eating this food...but the staff was so warm and welcoming, I also felt like I was almost a regular. They clearly knew the night was special for us, and god, it felt like it. I forgot about the money, I forgot about what we were doing after, I forgot about brain scans, and scary doctor visits, and I just thought about how most amazing the tomatoes were -even in comparison to heirlooms straight out of my grandma's garden---I wonder if I brought the chef some unnamed heirlooms from my grandma's garden if he'd cook them---and how spectacular this moment was with my husband...For that alone, 11 stars. 30. Thank you, Spago. For one night of just indulging in flavor and texture and taste....On the way to the parking ramp, after rambling about how awesome everything was, my husband remarked "You know, for that meal, for 9 courses, $100 seems ridiculously affordable." And you know what? I agree.Love you, husband, and you too, Spago.
5	Love love the food here! We order the roasted free range chicken, it came with Yukon Gold Potatoes, Goat Cheese, Wild Mushrooms, Natural Jus. The sauce was so good!!! The potatoes were creamy and the chicken skin was super crispy!!! The chef came out to greet us since it was my friend's bachelorette party! Whenever you leave the table, the waiter will come by to give you a new napkin and clean up after your area! The meal also comes with unlimited bread of your choices! You get to pick whatever you want from the ones they brought out! I also tried what my friends had ordered and everything was tasty!
4	My wife and I dined at Spago's on Thursday, October 30, 2014. Spago's is a great place to have a date with that special someone or spend some quality time with a good friend. The cuisine is expertly prepared and the staff could not be more accommodating. We both enjoyed the Lobster salad as our first course. It was delicious, small, beautifully prepared. Remember, you aren't supposed to get full on the first course. We continued our agreeable appetite by both indulging in the Saffron Risotto for our second course, which was our first experience tasting Risotto. It was very well prepared and tasty. She had the filet for her third course and I had the lamb for my third course. We were both very well pleased with our choices. My wife was saving room for desert, so I got to a decent amount of her filet, so I know it was delicious. My lamb was excellent and cooked exactly to my liking. We shared an order of crab legs, which as you know are hard to beat with some well prepared beef. We shared a slice of cheese cake for desert and left very full and even more satisfied. The atmosphere at Spago's is very relaxed. It is not stuffy and people varied immensely in their attire. Some were very casual while others dressed for the occasion. If you get to Vegas be sure to have a special evening set aside for Spago's.
3	All the restaurants at Caesar's were full for dinner, so we ventured into the Forum Shops and stumbled on Spago. Having eaten there before for lunch, we decided to try  it for dinner. After looking at the menu, we decided to share most courses, starting with Calimari, then a Caesar salad, and finally, the italian sausage pizza and a bowl of gnocci.The food was good; my only complaint about the food that that the gnocci was $21 and the portion was small. The reason for my 3-star rating was the service. Saying it was "attentive" would be an understatement. I like attentive service just as much as the next person, but the waitress and her assistants acted like they were in a Keystone Cops' movie where all of the action is accelerated. I no sooner put down my fork then the next course came and had not finished my glass of wine before the bus person whisked it off the table. It was very obvious she wanted to turn the table for the next diners, but honestly, for a check that totaled $95 before tip, Spago should let its diners relax a bit. On the way out, I mentioned the problem to the hostess who offered to get the manager. I suppose I should have let her, but we had already paid the bill and were on our way out.  We may be back, but only if we could eat at the bar.
3	I lived in LA for a few years but never had the chance to try the Spago there. Per our double date partners, the one in LA is classier and overall better. Save the trip to the one on LA instead! We were first provided with a tablet to view our drinks from. This new Vegas trend I found impractical for larger parties. One of the highlights of the meals was their bread basket. They come around with an assortment of about five breads that are all quite good- I especially enjoyed the cheesy bread as well as the crispy parmesan cracker. The menu itself is divided into three seconds, One being appetizers, Two pastas, and Three entrees. My fiancee and I chose one from each. The Mushroom Soup was the most impressive of the three dishes. I loved the fluffy wild mushrooms atop the delicious lightly creamy soup.Our saffron Risotto dish with scallop, crab, and chorizo sounded amazing on the menu but didn't quite deliver. The scallop was plopped in the middle of creamy risotto, but the risotto itself tasted plain and did not encompass the flavors of the seafood and meat. The Cabio, which was described as akin to swordfish, was a hearty dish, but also lacking in taste and failed to leave us with a positive impression.
2	Was going to see Absinthe with some friends, and we all decided to try Spago - big mistake. After being seated in the back (opt'ed for "fine dining" which apparently has a different menu than those sitting up front on the patio), our server brought an iPad with drink options and the first thing he asked was if we had any time constraints. Told him that we had to make a 10:00 show (our reservation was at 8:00pm, and seated around 8:05), and he said "oh that's not a problem". Showed us the drink menu, and left. Came back about 10 minutes later to take a drink order, but we still didn't even have menus. Ordered drinks and eventually got a food menu which he took a very long time to explain (which was verbatim to what the menu said). I'll just say right now that he had no more than 3 tables to serve, 2 of them were only 2 people/each, and our table had 4.Left us for another 10 or 15 minutes, before coming back. We ordered appetizers and entrees at the same time (at his recommendation to avoid any delays in the kitchen). He said that he'd be right back with some bread to munch on. About 15 minutes later, we flagged down his assistant because we'd been there for 45 minutes and had nothing to eat - his assistant immediately came back with a massive bread platter which everything was amazing on.  Beef Tartare, Oysters and a Fig Burrata salad. All were good, but the fig salad was pretty small on the portion size. All were consumed quickly, and we had to flag the assistant down again to order some more drinks and have him bring the bread back. Looking at the time, it's 9:30 and we don't even have our entrees? Guess he didn't want us to try dessert. Our server comes over and says "your entrees will be out shortly". Seriously? After we reminded him that we had a place to be at, he said he would "push the kitchen". A few minutes later, he returned with our food. Entrees were good, although the portion size was a little light for the price. I've spent the same amount of money (or even less) at places like STK or Lavo and gotten twice the food. Didn't have a lot of time to enjoy the food, and had to flag down our server's assistant (I wish we could have tipped him, because he was about 100x more attentive to us than our actual server was) for the check. Of course, Miguel made an appearance to take our money and bring us a couple dessert bites. Literally ran through the casino to make it to our show on time. Will not be returning - if you want an amazing dinner at Caesars .. try MESA Grill. 2 stars only because the food was good - not amazing, but good.
5	This is my favorite Vegas restaurant. Never disappoints me.
2	Spago was pedestrian, at best!  I eat at many higher end restaurants throughout the year and I rarely write a review, but with my recent experience at Spago, I felt the need to warn others to not waste their money and time going to Spago in Las Vegas.  I vaguely remember going to Spago in Beverly Hills as a youngster with my parents and recall how food forward and posh it was 30 years ago, so I figured that going to Spago as an adult in Las Vegas was going to hold its own.  I was sorely mistaken.I was staying at the Aria and had reservations to see Absinthe (which was AMAZING!), so I chose to go to Spago because of the proximity and it's reputation.  We got there about 10 minutes late due to traffic, but they were very accomodating up front and sat us promply.  The restaurant was relatively uncrowded at the time (I believe it just opened for the evening), but they sat us in a table that was in the corner and right next to the doorway that the waiters use constantly between the kitchen and dining room.   I immediately noticed that this wasn't the seat for us, so we asked to be moved and they accomodated us, but I still wasn't sure why they chose this poorly placed table even though there were many tables open.  The waiter was very pleasant and informative and I quickly told him that we had a show at 8pm and apologized for being late, but stressed that we wanted to be on time for the show.  He said that it would not be a problem at all to make the show on time and that we shouldn't worry at all.  Then he preceded to show us the wine/drink list and handed us an IPAD????  I thought this was very tacky for a "high end" restaurant.    We then were handed the menu, which had a nice assortment of dishes, but I didn't feel that the dishes were all that "food forward" and it didn't have many options for my vegetarian wife.  I asked him what are some of the "signature" dishes that he recommends and he said that it is a little cliche' to answer that question, but he reluctantly made a few recommendations.  He then gave the option to my wife of a vegetarian entree that the chef puts together himself and spoke of how wonderful that dish is and that he often recommends it to non-vegetarian diners.  I thought he was blowing a little smoke about that and the rest of his recommendations, but we made our order (3 courses as recommended) and kept our fingers crossed that we will have enough time to make the show.  They came with the bread plate options (which they claim were voted the best in Vegas), which were good, but nothing special. I liked that they continually came to the table and offered us more bread throughout the meal.  The waiters who filled your water was also very attentive, but borderline too attentive.  I would take a sip and he would quickly refill my water before I put the glass down.My first course was the lobster salad....it was not good at all.  Minimal amounts of lobster (come on, this is VEGAS!!...I expected practically a whole tail for that price) and it was a very small dish and the flavors just didn't mesh.  It had the obligatory dots of sauce and a variety of "fancy" items on the plate, but I was underwhelmed.  My wife had the arugula salad, which she claims was the best part of the meal, but I still thought the price was too much.  Then there was a 15-20 minute gap between our first course and the second and I started to get a little nervous about the show and I thought the gap was just not timed right for the meal.  A large party then entered and I didn't see our waiter practically at all for the rest of the meal.  I found another waiter and stressed again that we are running a little late for the show and he talked to the kitchen to speed things up.  My second course was the seafood risotto which was not bad.  I then found our original waiter and asked for a diet coke, which he then forgot about and I didn't receive.  Another gap between our courses again and my wife and I started to get pretty disappointed that the kitchen wasn't being attentive at all to our situation.  Finally the main course came and I had the duck, which was also nothing special, a little fatty.  My wife's vegetarian dish just felt like an afterthought and we quickly had to scarf down our main dish to make the show.  My diet coke finally came after I asked another waiter and he said claimed that the soda dispenser was just being repaired which I felt was a lie.  I had to find yet another waiter to ask for the check and we quickly signed it so that we could make the show.  I would have loved dessert, but that was not in the cards anymore.All in all, Spago in Las Vegas is completely underwhelming and not worth all the hype.  It was just as good as any other restaurant in a mall and I wouldn't waste my time going to this restaurant when there are so many other great ones in Vegas.  I'm still fuming that I could have made so many other quality choices.
3	Stopped for a quick lunch/dinner at an odd time 4pm-ish after wanting to go to Olives at Bellagio and realizing only the bar was open. This was the next best resort. Butternut squash soup as an appetizer was so good but I couldn't even finish my bowl--the portion was huge! Caesar salad was also good. For my entree though, the description of the "chicken Milanese" was a little misleading. I assumed it would be a grilled not fried chicken with mozzarella and tomatoes and arugula on top but instead it was a large piece of friend chicken with an arugula salad on the side and no mozzarella in sight. On the other hand, spaghetti with chicken meatballs was good though. And get the gin cucumber blossom cocktail -- awesome!
1	We stopped by here prior to going to a Cirque show on our first night in Vegas.  I made reservations for 5 so I expected to have a table ready at that time.  Not the case, we waited about 10 minutes and we were told there was a option to dine indoors or 'outdoors' - at this point I said dining outdoors.  We were then told that the menus are different depending on where you sit and I still mentioned that outdoors was fine for the group.  We were seated and guess what - there was the 'other menu' that was only for the indoors guest.  I already started realizing their staff have NO idea what's going on and there isn't consistent communication between the owner and staff as to what should be communicated to guests.  But our night gets better...We were seated and our waiter (whom we saw once and only once) asked to take our orders.  We were relatively quick in giving our orders to the waiter and he said he would put the order in.  We were given our bread and we munched on it as I checked the clock.  Dinner reservations were at 6pm (I always expect incompetence) and our show was at 9:30pm.  Well, this "Spago" place had us waiting for our meals for over 1 HOUR.  Meanwhile our unattentive, incompetent waiter AND owner did not even come by our table to explain to us what the issue was (if there was any issue).  Anybody in the restaurant business, or any business would say to keep an open line of communication with your customers so it APPEARS that you know what in the actual f*** is going on in the kitchen.  I understand being understaffed, or a kitchen rush, or whatever it may be but not a word from these two.  Nobody came by except the man who was very attentive to refilling our waters.  Now, once we received our food people were relatively happy, but one person was disgusted as the salmon was overcooked.  At that rate, we should've asked them to use the kitchen and cooked the meal ourselves. Seriously,  if anyone has to wait that long the food better be amazing and when everyone isn't happy it is a tremendous fail.  We heard all of the BS about about the food being handmade but explain to me how there was another table that came in WAY after us and had their food WAY before us.  And they weren't appetizers.  The manager of this restaurant didn't care but we wanted a business card so we can follow up with the general manager since they are a separate establishment - guess what? he didn't have any.  What manager doesn't have business cards on them? I wouldn't recommend you going here and I wouldn't recommend my enemy going here either. This is just not worth your time OR MONEY...there are better restaurants out there for competitive prices.  Nothing to see at this establishment but they are clearly enjoying the benefit of being inside the Forum Shops.  Don't say you weren't warned...
2	Horrible table after setting up a reservation. Seafood platter overpriced. Pizza okay. You are paying for the name.
5	We loved Spago.  Everything was AMAZING!  If you're on a budget, maybe look elsewhere... but if you want outstanding food with really interesting and delicious flavors, this is your place.  So happy we chose it as one of our dinner spots.
5	Great great food!We shared the Margarita pizza.Two orders were outstanding: The Jasmine green tea and the warm cocolate bread pudding. YUM!
5	Perfect spot in the Forum Shops. Our dinner was perfect. Our servers were perfect. The entire evening was perfect. Congratulations to the staff and management for carefully and wisely pleasing such a huge crowd. Awesome job by all.
4	We had a nice dinner out here and were really happy with everything. The homemade fettuccini was excellent and the pork loin was so well cooked and seasoned. We can't go back every weekend but once in a while this place is a really nice treat. The service was great and so were the drinks. Can't find anything that needs improving.
3	Came here for lunch last Sunday with a reservation just because it is a smaller location. It was alright but for the pricing, it wasn't anything crazy good. Unless you're coming here for pizza, I'd rather go to Mesa Grill or Cheesecake Factory. Also one thing I really hated, was the fact that it wasn't too busy but everything took FOREVER! A quick lunch ended up being 2 1/2 hours! We would have ordered dessert but we didn't want to wait another 30 minutes for that.For appetizer we had the Prime Beef Sliders. The flavor was really delicious and the beef was really tender but oh my goodness, these are the smallest sliders I've had in my life. Their height was the length of my thumb and was as big around as a silver dollar. Also, their baby portion of fries was good but again, the portion was hilarious. I think these were about $16? Not worth it.My boyfriend had the chicken sausage pizza and sure the portion was great but that's because it's a pizza. The flavor was good, but you could get the same at Settebello or CPK. They also served it with Pasilla peppers on top.I had the Atlantic Salmon. Salmon was cooked perfectly but their pairing with the curried califlower didn't match in my opinion. Nothing memorable for this dish either and I believe the pricing was about $28.Honestly, if everything had been about $5 cheaper, they would maybe get 4 stars because nothing was really wrong with anything we ate but everything we tried, we could get somewhere else with better flavor, more reasonable pricing, and it wouldn't have taken 2 1/2 hours. Sorry Spago, this one was a miss for me. I would defintiely recommend Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill for a lunch option at Caesar's instead.
4	Nice ambience, esp. If you sit outside. We were there for lunch.    Creativity even in spaghetti meatballs.  Just  too concentrated spaghetti sauce.  Never had such concentrated spagetti and meatballs.  But the meatballs had a kick to it with more spices.   The white sangria is not all that as it was mentioned.  Just below average.  We mixed the sangria and the pineapple mojito and made a wonderful cocktail which tasted yummmy.    The sliders for appetizer is phenomenal. A must have.   Dessert was great w the pudding and also the toffee bar with icecream marshmallows popcorn etc was tasty and very creative.
4	I came here for a quick lunch with my family before we left to drive back to LA. After doing a little last minute shopping in Caesar's we got hungry and decided to try Spago. We all shared the Chicken Sausage Pizza, their handcut fettuccini with shrimp, a burger, and a plate of their calamari. The prices here were actually pretty decent for Vegas, as were the portion sizes. The pizza was very warm and crispy, but a bit too thin for my liking, as I usually prefer pizzas that are thicker and heavier. I think my favorite dishes of our meal had to be the fettuccini and calamari. The calamari was breaded nicely and chewy like how calamari should be. However, the crowd favorite was definitely the handcut fettuccini. The fettuccini came with 3 fresh pieces of jumbo shrimp served on top a nice warm bed of noodle-like pasta. I say "noodle-like" because unlike most pastas, Spago's fettuccini had a texture that was more like the texture of Asian egg noodles.The only complaint I had was that in contrary to the what others mentioned in their reviews, my family was not at all offered bread and had to ask both our waiter, and the woman who seemed to be the head waitress, twice for a plate of bread. Not only that, but they didn't serve the bread to us until the rest of our food was out as well.
3	Came here with a couple to meet another friend we hadn't seen do a while. Thought it would be quick but took over an hour and a half. Food was good once we got it. The chopped vegetable salad was delicious and the gnocchi got rave reviews.
4	A pleasure from start to finish. We were warmly greeted and promptly seated. The server noticed that we were glancing around the restaurant and immediately asked if we wanted to be moved. We didn't but how nice.The anniversary menu was a real blast from the past. Retro menu and prices to match. All was excellent.
5	My husband and I popped into Spago after a rough day of retail therapy. We were greeted promptly and took a seat at the bar. Emily, our bartender was nothing short of exceptional. Her recommendations were spot on. We split the Italian sausage pizza, which was good and the perfect light snack for the two of us. Emily shook me up a delicious espresso martini and the Mr. indulged in a few of their recently released barrel aged old fashioned cocktails. Both were the perfect ending to our evening. I wouldn't hesitate to return to Spago and an looking forward dining at Spago again during to my birthday Las Vegas trip in March.
5	Excellent food ... Everything in the menu is great . There falafel and calamari were so delicious and fresh. Highly recommended
2	Great food, meh service.  There's less than a handful of places that treat you different when you ask for house water (or "water" for the rest of us).  This is definitely one of them.  The food Lamb Special Pizza, Mussels and Apple Salad were great.  It reminded me of our neighborhood BJ restaurant.  But we were so fed up trying to find our absentee waiter we just left the payment and left.
3	Stopped in for lunch Saturday around 3 pm - it was jammed packed up front (where we were seated).It took awhile to get our drinks and we never received any bread.I ordered the Chicken Sausage pizza and Gnoochi, my date a pear and apple salad.The pizza was ok, the Gnoochi serving was small, and without bread, not filling. It wasn't creamy/rich enough for my liking, but would have made a perfect appetizer. The pear and apple salad was very good! Great combination of flavors! Our waiter was pre-occupied with another table, and didn't take care of us well. Probably wouldn't go back but the food was ok.
5	HEAVEN! The food, ambiance, and service is amazing. A friend and I came here for NYE a few nights ago and had a wonderful experience. Our table was a bit wobbly so they switched out the table entirely for us even though it was getting busy. We had a complimentary soup to start off with that melted in our mouths... The chef came out and introduced himself prior to it as well. We decided to split a salad to start, with arugula, prosciutto San Daniele, and burrata cheese. We then each had a pasta and split it. I tried the spaghettini with truffles, she had the gnocchi. The spaghettini was al dente just how it needs to be, and the truffles.... I'm salivating! Lastly, scallops and duck breast. The texture of the scallops was perfect! Even the bread was awesome. Everything was so amazing. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. Nikki was a fantastic server, knowledgeable about everything on the menu including the wines- request her! It was such a special NYE meal. Don't miss out on this gem in Caesar's!
5	every time i come here my family and i always enjoy our dishes! i tried the burgundy truffles with parmesan risotto...the half size is enough for one person, TRUST!
4	we had a nice experience here at spage. located inside Caesars palace in the forum shops. made reservations at 8pm and was given the option of fine dining or causal dining. which both had separate menus. We opted for the fine dining since it was date night. the different kind of bread that we had while we waited for our dishes were very good. there was 4 kind and i took one of each. the cranberry walnut, some cheese bread, an apple bite bread and this swirly plain bread. the bread was cold. wish it was warm a little but its ok. we also got a complementary amouse bouche. it was ginger squash soup. very tasty and a slight ginger kick to it. we decided to order the lamb loin(medium rare, chefs recommendation) it was perfect! OMG it was mouthwatering and didn't have that stinky lamb smell. it tasted like beef to me. the other dish we ordered was the sea bass. the skin was a little too salty for me. i think even my bf thought so too. came with shitake mushroom, apples and brussels sprouts. the sauce that it came with complimented the fish very well. for complementary house desserts. we had the raspberry marshmallow and this other chocolate tart thing. both was made very good. was not too sweet as american desserts are known for.
4	Fantastic food. Our server was very entertaining and really catered to our needs. The Chicken was cooked perfectly. Great seats outside the Forum. Certainly return
