4	Lovely botanical gardens.  This is staple on my out-of-towner itinerary.  It is quite enjoyable to walk around and check out the bizarre native vegetation.  It it much more diverse than you would imagine.  The Sonoran desert is lusher than you might imagine.
5	The Desert Botanical Gardens are an oasis in the local sea of strip malls and desert.  Many and varied plant areas, including an oasis and desert.  Summer evening flashlight tours are worth the price of membership.
5	The place to go when you need to see a cactus. Or hundreds of them, along with a variety of other desert plants. I went here with my digital camera and came back with a bunch of photos worth printing. The garden is extremely well-kept and is easily accessable. Admission is cut in half for students, so don't forget that ID card.
5	this is the perfect time of year to visit DBG.in spring they start their spring jazz in the garden series (every firday night) with food and cash bar beverages.you can take painting classes, just stroll around, and now they have this awesome art installation piece made of twigs that you can actually go inside of (completed Feb. 23).i've been coming here since i was a little 'un and i love coming back. especially if you're a native, you'll love the "desert rain" ... machine? it's basically a strainer with creosote and other desert plant leaves inside, and you turn on the shower fountain head and get an instant whiff of true monsoon season desert rain smell...it's amazing!
5	Of course, there is cactus. But there is SO much more to the Desert Botanical Garden than Organ Pipe and Saguaro...The gardens are well thought out and always well maintained. Watch for jackrabbits and a wide variety of birds. Now is the perfect time of year for a visit, as there will be wildflowers and cacti in bloom and the weather isn't too hot yet. But even in the summer, it's a nice city escape. Just wear a hat & sunscreen and try to go first thing in the morning. There are drinking fountains around every turn and plenty of shade. Try a guided tour if you have the time or are playing host to out-of-town guests. The guides are friendly and extremely knowledgeable. Even if you've lived in AZ all your life (like me) you are bound to learn something new.
5	I just got back from an Arizona spring training vacation, and one of the highlights was definitely the Desert Botanical Gardens.  We came really close to skipping on a visit altogether because it was 5:00pm, but decided to give it a shot...it was worth it!  I was a little disappointed that the Butterfly Pavillion had closed for the day at 5:00pm, and several walking areas were being used for weddings/receptions (who could blame these people??) but still got to see a lot of beautiful desert plants and wildlife.  We managed to get in for free, not sure if it was because of the time of the day or all the people just walking in for the weddings though, which totally made the park that much more fun.  I am not sure I would have gotten as much enjoyment out of it if I'd had to pay $5 to get in...The little desert rat-sqirrels, and rabbits were totally fun to try to find hiding in the many different plants and burrows.  I felt like a little kid ooh-ing and ah-ing at the different varieties of cacti and desert wildflowers, and have to give this place the ultimate rating .  If you're ever in Arizona, please give this place a try, it's very well put together and a beautiful site to see.
4	Perfect winter or spring afternoon excursion. That is, if you have a sense of humor. Sure, looking at Man from the Andes and Agave cacti all afternoon isn't the most thrilling, but if you skew your perception, you can see just how comical these things really are. It's informative, too, if that's what you're after.I've been twice. Both times with out-of-state friends. We walked every trail, took pics and found something funny about Puma Huts and rotting, crawling, oddly bent cacti. Or bird calls. C'mon, didn't you too? The second time I went during the butterfly exhibit. It's a favorite now and I highly suggest you check it out the next time it appears. There's nothing so oddly extraordinary as watching a pretty insect come and land on your arm. And sit there. And sit there. And sit there. You look at it; it looks at you. And then, for some reason, you feel like the first kid picked during dodge ball. Seriously. Oh, and a side note: the bathrooms are pretty clean. Bonus!Odd enough, my favorite aspect of the DBG is this particular tree. It's near one of the "bridges" on the pathway. It's barkless, bright green, smooth and gorgeous.
5	I am not usually a fan of botanical gardens. They seem too precious, too "perfect" to be of much interest. And, let's face it, flowers and plants are beautiful things, but when you pay to look at them in neat rows, something is lost.That said, Desert Botanical Gardens is an exception to this garden cynic. Many of these cacti look like they are from another planet, like something you would see in a sci-fi film and say, "wow, it's too bad those crazy plants don't exist." They sprawl out on the ground, weaving and turning every which way, or compose huge bizarre formations high off the ground. I never knew such bizarre life forms existed, or that some cacti look like trees.The gardens are full of windy paths where one is also likely to find a family of quail, lizards, or a jackrabbit or two. Various species of bird can be seen here as well, especially at dusk. I especially love watching the birds fly in and out of nests they've made in the upper arms of cacti.This place never grows old. It's a great introduction to the desert for people from out of town, and because the cacti have been collected from around the world, a cool botany lesson for us all here.
5	The Desert Botanical Gardens in Phoenix, AZ is a great way to get a sample of Arizona's diverse and spectacular flora.  Check out The Gardens in the spring, when all of the plant and flowers are blooming in beautiful, vibrant colors.  This is a great place to take visiting relatives who love to garden or are just nature buffs.   It's an easy walking adventure with many cozy benches to sit and bird or nature watch.  Midway through the journey is a nice spot to enjoy a little refreshment and sample some yummy treats.  At the end of your journey is a great gift shop with books, jewelry and even plants found on the garden grounds for sale.  Visit when the day time temperatures are moderate and you're guaranteed to have an enjoyable time.  Be sure to wear sunscreen and bring a camera.  Don't forget to have fun!
4	I've been going here for the last twenty years and I still enjoy it.  If you want to learn about the Sonoran Desert and revel in it's beauty, this is one of the best places to go.  It also has a great section devoted to the native people of this area and how they used the native plants in their everyday lives.
5	More of a man's garden . . . . When I lived in Phoenix (a couple years ago) the Papago Park Desert Botanical Gardens was one of my favorite places to take out-of-town visiting friends and relatives. You tell them "HEY, LET'S GO TO THE BOTANICAL GARDENS!"  They grumble a little, especially the men. They, of course, expect rose gardens, tulip beds, lavendar and Queen Anne's Lace.  WRONG!  It is a fifty acre garden of beautiful cacti and succulents . . . . beautiful desert plants! But no whoosy northern plants needing moisture here. These are desert survivors. Desert rats! Desert birds! Desert songs! Desert life!A man's garden of delights . . . tough masculine desert plants here, but with delicate beautiful flowers.Gardening help, botanical research & education, workshops, event facilities, taste of the desert tours, Monarch Butterfly exhibit, garden tours, special music, art and romantic evening events, children's events. So much to do & see, so little time . . . . . even a man will love it here!There is ALWAYS something going on at the PAPAGO PARK DESERT BOTANICAL GARDENS.  I can't make up my mind whether to go down for the "SAHNAS BROTHERS SPANISH GUITAR" event in February or wait for the "AGAVE ON THE ROCKS" in March. Hmmm . . . . which one? which one? which one? Can't do both . . . . Check it out.  www.dbg.org  TELL ME WHAT TO DO.  Friends are expecting me  . . . . it is cooler in Phoenix in February than it is in March . . . . maybe I should let the weather dictate?No matter the temperature, this is not a place to miss. A delight of the possibilities of our world. Every size, shape and kind of cacti & succulent from around the world is here. Check it out!www.dbg.org
5	I love this place!  After spending a morning there I was ready to sign up for a yearly membership.  Who knew there were so many different types of cactus?  Its really interesting to see them all and learn about their place within the desert ecosystem.   You feel as if you are transported to a world many miles away from Phoenix (just move the telescope a little if a building gets in your line of sight) and its a perfect place to bring an out of town guest as I am positive they have nothing like it where they are from.The seasonal butterfly exhibit is fantastic, it reminded me of my third grade classroom where we had Monarch butterflies just flying around.  (My teacher was a little bit of a hippie)  It doesn't have to take up a whole day if you don't want it to and you can explore at your own pace.  Come spring time I'm sure that the wildflower portion is beautiful.  I'm very excited to go back for the Las Noches de las Luminarias.
4	I went here in the winter, so unfortunately I missed the bright beautiful blooms, but it was a fun trip in itself.  Make sure you time your visit to go on a tour: you'll learn more about cacti than you ever thought was possible.
5	Easily one of my favorite places in urban Phoenix. I am a member and we go often. What is there not to like? Its unique. It changes. There are events by a bundle. Even food is semi OK, for such place. Go there! No i mean it. Go! Stroll through major "Roads", venture to some smaller once, talk to those nice elderly (For the most part) volunteers who will teach you about surviving on Prickly Pears or how Succulent is different from a Cactus.Do not liter, run around or yell like an idiot, please. Besides that - HAVE FUN! This place is awesome. "I like""Very nice"Eugene
5	I am now a true believer in desert beauty. It came true on this fateful day of 1/14/08 when I had the pleasant fortune of hiking around trails in the Desert Botanical Gardens. I soaked up the knowledge as much as I soaked up the beautiful sunshine and breathtaking aerial views that some of the paths led me. I even lost track of time while I learned about how much water a Saguaro can hold and doing my best to detect the animals that inhabit the gardens. I spotted jackrabbits and many birds (including quail, and hummingbirds)!One of my favorite paths told me the stories of the people that have survived off the desert lands for the past decades of years! It explained how they would survive with the resources at hand and gave hands on examples of little projects that kids/adults alike would be very interested in doing. This particular path also gave the descriptions of what various plants/trees/cacti are used for currently (i.e. building, fuel, food, medicinal, etc.). This place is truly an oasis in the desert!
4	very cool spot and a must visit while in Phoenix.  i went by myself today and had a great time.  i'm a big cactus/succulent fan, so this place was my heaven.  it's early in the desert flower blooming season, but you could still find gems here and there.  weather is great this time of year. do not forget your camera so you can capture the beauty.  i went mid-day but wish i had come early in the morning or at dusk when the light is so beautiful.there are brochures for the botanical gardens at many hotels.  bring one with you and receive a dollar off your entrance.
3	This is my kind of hiking! Sidewalks, drinking fountains and restrooms OH MY! Rickie and I took my mom and some visiting cousins here for mom's birthday. We were especially excited for the butterfly exhibit. It was the highlight. Otherwise? Meh! I mean how many cactuses, cactuseses or cacti can you reallly find that interesting? Oh, look. That one is all spikey. That one is so tall. Oooo and that one, is, is, is, well, it's another cactus. I found it to be about as interesting as an episode of Murder She Wrote. I kinda knew what to expect around every little bend. More plants! And every other water fountain was out of order. The two water vending machines we saw were also OOO...(out of order!). Two major exhibits were closed and yet we were still charge three bucks to see those damn butterflies. Total confirmation that I'm a city boy. I find surly homeless people, the stench of sidewalk urine and traffic cones to be much more entertaining.
4	We are so lucky! The Valley is home to the Desert Botanical Garden - one of the country's most accomplished and spectacular gardens. Sure it's a great place to give out-of-town guests a sampling of what life in the desert is like. But, did you also know about the Garden's calendar of events?! Go to Agave on the Rocks!!! It will give you a whole new appreciation for desert plants and the sweet nectar known as tequila.
5	The Desert Botanical Gardens are not what you think....Yes, there are innumerable cacti of every shape and type as well as a great many other plants and even the occasional critter ranging from birds and lizards to jackrabbits. Forget all these things because for a great many of you they are only going to offer a very scenic well cultivated backdrop to some wonderful events that the garden hosts including Jazz in the Garden (Fridays March - May), Agave on the Rocks, The Chile and Chocolate Festival, Luminarias (December), and a host of other events and concerts that are extremely well done. If your looking for a special night or event that blends natural serenity and entertainment into an exquisitely unified package then check out the special events on the Desert Botanical Garden website www.dbg.org (and yes there is booze).
5	Another place that is really serene and makes you forget you are in a large city! I really liked the Desert Botanical Gardens and I am totally not into flowers or botany!  We had been to DBG once before for Luminarias, but it was so dark that we couldn't see much. I'm glad we returned in the daylight.We took my inlaws yesterday after brunch and they absolutely loved DBG. My father-in-law is totally into photography, so DBG was awesome for him. We saw tons of people with cameras, so it is a photographer's haven.  I really had no clue there were so many types of cactus. There are hands on activities scattered throughout (probably for kids on field trips) and boards with information, which comes in handy on the Sonoran Desert Trail when you want to figure out which mountain in the distance is Camelback, Piestewa, Four Peaks, etc.  We saw little lizards, hummingbirds, quail, and ground squirrels while wondering around as well.There is much to see and you can get through the gardens as quickly or as leisurely as you would like. We spent about two and a half hours there, which I think is a perfect amount of time. You see everything and are ready to leave by the end.  A very nice place to take visitors on a nice day.
5	Finally, I know all there's to know about cacti, bee's, butterfly, thyme, rosemary and chives.The Botanical Garden, a great place to take a stroll on a beautiful spring day, when the garden is at it's blossoming peak.  But as other's have said, go now before it gets too hot! I really enjoyed my time.  Of course, if you go hoping to see a lot of fresh green's, beautiful plants, and flowers, be ready for disappointment.But for what it is, a desert garden, it certainly delivers.  $10.00 for admission$3.00 for butterfly exhibitNo dogsNo biking
5	My father made his first trip to AZ a couple of weeks ago, so I jumped on the chance to visit the Desert Botanical Gardens. It was amazing!  I have never seen so many different cacti or desert wild flowers.  Everything was blooming and simply radiant.The butterfly exhibit was definitely a favorite, not just because I am a girl, but because you were able to get so close.  MY PICTURES ARE AMAZING!  If you are planning to make a trip, I would suggest going early.  Starting in May I believe they open at 7am, and I would try to be there at 7am.  This place is massive, and you're in the desert... so yeah.I took well over 300 pictures in the few hours we were there.  I will try to post some pictures here, but if you're interested in seeing more hit me up.~2
5	Entertaining out of town guests has never been easier!My Girlfriend who I'll call the "The green thumb goddess" has a garden almost as impressive as this one.So imaging her her delight when I agreed to her accompany her on this little adventure.(see pics)I'll have to admit I enjoyed it more that I expected I would. I won't be redundant with my review as there is so many already, but this is a place everyone should visit at least once before it gets too hot, and if you happen to be there during butterfly season then your in for a real treat! You should also try to take a trip when it's open at night so you can see the garden all lit up! *wear comfy shoes; this place is bigger than you think*bring lots to drink; or lots of money to drink*enjoy the gift shop garden center; you can buy your own cacti* take your time to bask in the glory that is the Sonoran Desert
5	My husband and I are fans of the cacti and so we planned a visit to the Desert Botanical Gardens on a recent house hunting trip to AZ. The day we went it was close to 100 and so we were happy that there are so many water fountains sprinkled around the gardens. We stayed for about two hours enjoying all the beautiful displays. The gardens are set up so that one can enjoy many different environments. There a also a lot of shady spots with seating to rest and enjoy the surroundings. We will definitely be back soon!
5	Marie and I moved to Phoenix from Cape Cod, Massachusetts back in August 2006.  A big change from the beach to move into the desert.  One of the best things about living in Phoenix is the Desert Botanical Gardens (DBG).  Learning about the plants and animals has elevated our appreciation of living in the great Sonoran Desert.  We were going there so often that we became members and now go all the time.  All of our friends and relatives who visit us in the winter time were treated to the delights of the DBG.  They left knowing what a special place our new home is to us.
5	Of course I'm always late to the party on this one! The Mr and I had our second date here. There was a festival going on called Chiles and Chocolate that I thought would be super cool since he's a pastry chef and I'm a total food centric.. he and I walked the grounds almost hand in hand (we were both kind of new) until we found this mud hut (hogan I think).. let's just say it was nice and quiet like over in that part of the gardens.. who knew it would be such a great place for a second date make out session. I felt so lucky to be with a man like him.. as we left the mud hut and continued walking I noticed all the women looking at him, the way I looked at him.. infatuated and palpitated.. he was everything I had been looking for....Whoa Nelly.. this is about the Desert Botanical Gardens.. the place is great! Super romantic and a great date place!!
5	beautiful place even though we were there in the middle of the summer and temp was about 105.  we saw a turtle, a cotton tail rabbit, a bunch of lizards, and quail.  make sure you bring a bottle of water with you and give yourself about 2 hrs to walk thru it all.
5	I've been to the Desert Botanical Garden many times, and each time it gets more enjoyable.  When I first moved to the Phoenix -- I was totally ignorant to all the beauty of desert life.  This garden has helped me to see the errors of my ways.  There is so much variety to be found between cacti and succulents.  As well as a multitude of desert critters :)There are several events hosted throughout the year to make DBG worth revisits -- Flashlight Tours, Jazz in the Garden, Butterfly Exhibits, etc.  The staff is knowledgeable and enthusiastic. The grounds are well manicured and well planned out (wide meandering trails, specialized gardens, nice garden shop and folk art displays).  It's great for both family and singles alike.Lately, there has been a bit of construction as they have been improving their garden... but I don't mind, cause its all in an effort to make the place more enjoyable.
5	There is nothing like a twilight stroll through the gardens.Take some time to enjoy the beauty of the desert we live in. Walk quietly and look around and you'll see all sorts of desert flora and fauna.I have never seen it crowded at night...and it's open until 8:00 P.M. (The main trail is nicely lit and paved - the secondary trails close at dusk though.)One of the true gems of the Phoenix metro area.
5	Appropriately named a Phoenix Point of Pride, the DBG is a great place to be outdoors in Phoenix nearly any time of the year. It's especially great in the spring when the cactus blooms are on display.The Luminaria Nights in the winter are an annual event for us. They have fantastic special events year round day and night, information all over the place about what you're looking at, and very well-informed employees and volunteers throughout the gardens to help you find your way or find out more about what's there.A really fantastic place for photographers, by the way, as you can see from the photos shown above.Try going as early in the morning as you can. There's more animal activity at that time and you're more likely to see the jackrabbits, desert tortoises, and a variety of lizards and snakes.
4	I give the Desert Botanical Gardens 4 out of 5 stars, only because they just aren't the same as they used to be :( My hubby and I were married there almost 6 years ago, so we've always had a special attachment to the Gardens, and have been members ever since. The paths are lovely- really a nice way to spend the day getting fresh air and sunshine, soaking up the amazingly lush succulents and cacti, bunnies, birds, and other animals. The butterfly pavilion is also a treat when its in season, and a lot of the festivals and classes are great, as are the changing art exhibits (can't wait to see the  Chihuly exhibit!!).The only thing that disappoints me is how freakin expensive it has gotten! I am totally not cheap, and I am all about supporting the non-profits, but the cost of events and memberships has gone up and up an up every year. I start to wonder how the average family could enjoy the Gardens? We love the Agave on the Rocks and Luminarias events, but we may or may not go this year because the prices have just gotten outrageous, even at member-pricing. It seems like most of the mailers we get these days are highlighting their fundraising activities and we recently got hammered with calls during a fundraising campaign. I totally get it, its just  a turn off to hear SO MUCH about the fundraising. It just seems like they have become more preoccupied with raising funds than adding value for visitors lately.I still love it here, a beautiful place that holds special meaning to us. Its great to bring family, out of town visitors or for dates.
5	A visit to the Desert Botanical Gardens should be on everyone's list. I think I read there were 50 acres of desert plants! That's a lot of plant! I'd recommend heading there towards the end of the day so you can see the Gardens in the daylight, experience the gorgeous setting sun and then see how the Garden glows at night. Its pretty cool - though tough on cameras!
5	Last night the Chihuly exhibit opened and I visited the garden this afternoon.  $15 is a hefty entrance fee, so i brought a book...i was going to make it worth my while. The installations are AMAZING. My usual response to modern art is "huh?" but this felt organic and otherworldly all at once. The pieces are scattered all over the garden and I would definitely suggest going during the 4PM-8PM showing so you can see the sculptures in daylight and twilight. At about 6PM the garden lit up and it was so cool to see the huge sculptures like Moon and Saffron out across the dark desert backdrop. This is not to be missed, though you have time, Chihuly will be showing his work through May 2009.
4	I remember going where when I was a boy scout. It was very fun and interesting. I love the desert vegetation and loved seeing and learning about what is what! I haven't been lately but we are planning on it. I would recommend going and if you don't have an appreciation for the desert you will after you go here.
5	the most unusual botanical garden i've been to.  it will make a desert lover out of anyone.  so many species of blooming cacti and agave (so that's where tequila comes from).  the herb garden was surprisingly diverse.  it was great to finally see chaparral upclose in the flesh.  never knew there are so many species of birds in the desert, they are so happily singing atop the cacti.  really neat to see a roadrunner, and the speed definitely lives up to the reputation.  even the little prairie dogs were cute popping in and out of their burrows.these gardens took my by surprise and i've instantly fallen in love with it.
5	Las Noches de las Luminarias is in full swing and even better this year with the addition of Dale Chihuly's glass sculpture exhibit. Each sculpture is perfectly integrated with the landscape along the many luminary lit pathways. There is plenty to do, see, and hear as you stroll throughout the garden. You will find comfy fire pit seating areas, great live musicians, and a few bars nestled along the path. Dress warm and wear comfy shoes because some of the paths are a little rocky. I recommend the evening event after the luminarias have been lit - 5:30 to 9:30pm. My high marks for this outing: Sweater Weather: 5 Glass Sculptures: 5 Photo Ops: 5 Luminarias: 5 Musicians: 5 Apple Cider: 5 Shot of Jack Daniels: 5++
5	If you've never been to the Luminarias or haven't been in a few years, THIS IS THE YEAR TO GO!   It's a 2 for 1 deal with the Chihuly exhibit.  The Garden is filled with his glass sculptures perfectly displayed among the natural elements of the Garden.  The lighting of sculptures is stunning.  And, of course, the luminarias are always beautiful.Meal tickets are available.  There are also cash bars with both alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages including hot cider and cocoa.  Wine tasting as well.  There are plenty of entertainers scattered throughout the Garden.  I always enjoy the Handbell Choirs especially.  Adult tickets are $20 members, $25 non-members.  Reduced prices for kids, but I don't really think the young ones would enjoy it.Expect it to be crowded this year.  We attended a members only night and it seemed to be oversold as parking was hard to come by.  However, if you venture away from the Chihuly exhibits, you can find a moment or two in solitude among the luminarias.  That alone is worth the ticket.
4	What a lovely way to spend a evening before the Christmas holiday .With good friends, cocoa, and just enough chill to feel seasonal.   We really  enjoyed the varieties of music from swing, folksie and jazz . I wished we had gotten there earlier so we could have really sat for a while and gotten more relaxed. We just hurried through to see it all. The glass exhibit is amazing , it added so much to the evening . We were awestruck with  the unusual shapes , sizes and creativity involved. If you ever felt like going to see the Luminaries this the year to do it! I would just to encourage families to leave the kids at home.It's dark , it's cactus, it's jazzy music , it's about the adults. I can't imagine what a child would benefit from attending.  So leave the kiddies at home.
5	DBC is very interesting in that it really showcases how lively the desert is. This garden excels at highlighting local flora and fauna and seems to dare you to redefine your idea of the desert around you. I have been to gardens all over the world, but I must say this one stands out.  I would encourage anyone thinking about visiting to check the website first as there are lots of special programs. When I visited this summer, DBC was doing night walks, which were a great way to enjoy the gardens and beat the heat. Docents were stationed throughout to highlight different plant and animals species and to talk about the adaptations it takes to make it in the desert. Def. a cool, different way to experience this attraction. Also, I learned how an agave plant is turned into tequila, which is pretty darn nifty.
5	We visited the Chihuly exhibit during this week and it was worth the $15 entrance fee.  I have been to other exhibits in the past at other places and they charge over $25 or more. I think it's worth the $15. On top of that if you have more time visitors could return to see the night time display of Chihuly's exhibit lighted up. If one remembers to leave their orange paper ticket bracelet on. The day time exhibit is pretty amazing and there is a lot of walking around which I didn't mind at all.  It was a beautiful day to go and see these brilliant works of glass art. At the DBC even have those little driving scooters available for people who can't walk very long or can't walk.  I didn't need one. Very colorful and exotic, whimsical displays of various glass art outside through out the Botanical Gardens. I noticed there are a variety of Christmas style glass art displays there also. I even want to go back and bring other friends along. Happy holidays!
3	Dropping some stars due to the Luminaria policy. Myself and four friends bought tickets to the luminarias a bit ago. It rained today, so the luminarias were canceled, which I understand. However, as the event is sold out every other night, we were told we could not get tickets for another night and could get a refund or donate our ticket money. I do appreciate the refund, and I know they cannot control the weather, but I do think it stinks that we will miss the luminarias through no fault of our own.
5	I was so excited to be in Phoenix during the Chihuly exhibition. I wish I could have gone to the luminaria (4-8pm)but tickets were no longer available. The artwork was breathtaking and for someone not very familiar with desert wildlife, it was a great experience.
4	I have ommitted one star for the fact that you could not always read the plant signage or the Chihuly installation piece signage. Other than that, it was amazing. The live music, the tasty beverages, I opted for the hot apple cider with Jack Daniels. Helped to keep me warm on a chilly desert night. The installation pieces were all integrated seemlessly with the plants and accented them beautifully. For those unfortunate souls who did not get the chance to experience the exhibit at night during Luminarias or who were so rudely rained out, I posted a few of my favs. I took over 50 pictures but mercifully only posted 11 for the Yelpers. Hope you enjoy.
5	Who knew that the desert could be so gorgeous? For years I've wanted to go to Las Noches de las Luminarias event at the DBG, and finally made it! Twice in one day as well. We visited the garden in the daytime to see all the different plants and Chihuly sculptures in the light --- then went out to dinner and came back to see the drama of everything lit up at night! It was beautiful.I echo the other readers comments when they say that the perfect time to visit the garden is now, while Dale Chihuly's glass sculptures are displayed among the desert plants. The exhibition lasts until May 31, 2009 so go soon!And the Lumi nights during the holidays are so fun! The musicians set up everywhere around the garden -- so you can wander around and listen to all different artists. A harpist, R&B singer Khani Cole, a group of a cappella carolers, the awesome handbell choir (one of my personal faves!), and a few others. There are beverage stations set up as well -- to warm you up as you walk around. Very romantic for a date, or just fun to spend time with friends.Side note: the DBG would be nice for an evening wedding! Too bad I'm married already!
5	I give DBG five stars in spite of the current Chihuly exhibit. I have nothing against the artist, but this really is gilding the lily. Go to DBG. Go and see the incredible variety of desert botany on hand. Do yourself a favor.
5	The Dale Chihuly exhibit was spectacular The gardens terrific, The restaurant good and reasonable. What a great way to spend an afternoon.
5	I love this place!  Great for kids because they have activities for them and in the spring the butterfly garden is teeming with life.  Always have a something great on exhibit.  Being a member there myself, I know there are a lot, no, a ton of classes and walks and guides there almost daily.  Classes from the arts to landscape design.  The experience is never the same there on the trails and in the exhibits, which is what makes it so fun.  You really have to go there and walk the trails and hear the jazz played at night!
5	The on-going Chihuly glass exhibit provides a whole new way of looking at the renowned specimen cactus.  At this time of year there aren't many cacti in bloom and many appear visually drab green and grey.  The entrance with three large green agave like glass spikes are very striking in sunlight. The large colorful yellow, orange, red, blue glass candles draw out the beauty of the various pipe type cacti.  The iridescent green hornets in the new shaded cactus garden almost seem to come alive. The boatload of light & dark blue and boatload of  multi-color glass of all shapes photographs extremely well from a distance and also close-up with a good digital camera.  The surprise that some people may not see are the green icebergs in the back pupfish  pond among dried cattails on the Sonoran trail.  Imagine icebergs in the desert!  I will definitely have to return some evening (s) before it closes in May and take another several hundred photos.
4	This was my second trip to the garden and both times I got to enjoy lunch on Ullman Terrace.  Two highlights of this visit were the Chihuly exhibit and the concert given by Try Me Bicycle.  Later in the spring the annual butterfly exhibit is really great too.  Although pressed for time we managed to see and photograph almost all of the Chihuly glass exhibit.  Sometime I would like to go in early March which is normally the best time for the flowers to bloom.  There are around 2 miles of well maintained trails and lots of employees and volunteers eager to answer any questions or show you something new.  The plants and other stuff on display are well documented.
3	I had a membership w/ the Chicago Botanic Garden while I lived there years ago, so when I moved to Phoenix valley in '03 and learned online about the DBG, I went straight to the gardens and bought a year's membership w/o even bothering to check it out first.  What can I say, we live in the desert, so it's only natural (great Crowded House song, btw!) that the DBG would feature a plethora of cacti!  Perhaps I chose the wrong times to visit (summer evenings, fall afternoons), but I was thoroughly underwhelmed.  I will admit that I was unjust in comparing these gardens to those in Chicago (w/c feature 26 gardens on 385 acres!), as they should be enjoyed completely on their own merits.  I did attend a laid-back jazz event that fell on a breezy autumnal evening.  Nice tree lights everywhere.  Haven't been fortunate enough to attend events such as Agave on the Rocks or the Luminaria, or experience the Chihuly exhibit.  Just checked out the gardens' events calendar, and there are so many that sound quite interesting!  I may have to cough up some dinero for another membership this year...Nice bit of trivia:  Did you know that pineapples and aloe vera are related to cacti?
5	Do not go here if you are pressed for time, don't like plants, if the weather is hot (like in summer) or you have small children.  Taking that into account, if  you love plants, the weirder, the better, here is a good place to see plants you've never seen before. Don't rush. Take the time to really look at the exhibits. If you're there when the cacti are in bloom, all the better, but they are interesting nevertheless.  Chihuly's glass creations  were interesting, but not, in my mind, the best part of the exhibit. Yet I saw people running from one sculpture to another, taking pictures, and never looking at the plants!  Even when Chihuly's sculputres is gone, there is plenty to see. Too many people just rushed around, never understanding the purpose of a botanical garden is to display plants. Wear a hat and sunblock, even in winter, and bring water with you. You can bet they'll charge you plenty if you buy it from their own vendors.
4	I had this on my TO DO list for a very long time. Glad I finally visited. I went for the Sunday Music in the Park, which was nice, so was the BBQ & wine. Walking through & seeing all the amazing glass sculptures was awesome. So got a 3-4-1 experience: garden, glass, concert.  I would highly recommend to see before the glass exhibit is gone! I can't see it being anywhere near as fantastic otherwise.
5	I visited the Desert Botanical Gardens on Valentine's Day to see the Chihuly blown glass exhibit. One word to describe it: incredible! The pieces are mixed throughout the desert displays which had our group constantly questioning whether any of the pieces were possibly custom made for this specific location. There were two canoe/boat structures, one that housed beautiful colored spheres (kind of looked like giant marbles), and the other that housed pumpkin-shaped pieces mixed with other strangely shaped pieces. I absolutely recommend that you visit this exhibit at night (I think it closes down at 8) as all of the pieces are lit up which really shows off the vibrancy of the colors. I'm not sure how long this display will be set up, but you definitely don't want to miss it! There were tons of photographers working while we were there, so that was slightly annoying, but I can see why they were all trying to take so many pictures. Some of the pieces are absolutely breathtaking. Go!
5	We visited just to see the Chihuly exhibit.  The traveling display had been to Phipps Conservatory in Pittsburgh and I thought was would be great to see it in the desert.  It was more amazing than I could have imagined.First off, I did not realize that there were so many different types and species of cactus.  I wish I was a local, because I would love to be able to sign up for their Desert Landscaper School.  That would be amazing!!  The lay out and the trails are very nice.  And I can't believe that I am typing this, but the different types of cactus are so beautiful!!  I must have taken a gajillion photos!  Also, we happened to go just before sunset, so it was very nice to wander around the gardens after dark.  Plus, the Chilly glass looks amazing all lit up.  A must see in Phoenix!
5	Two years ago, I was very disappointed that I was not able to go to the botanical gardens on a trip to Scottsdale.  However, I think that was a blessing in disguise because I wouldn't have gone there last week and seen the spectacular Chihuly exhibit.  We went to the dbg at five at night, which was a great time, because we were able to see the glass fixtures during in the daylight, at sunset, and then lit up at night.  All the pieces were beautiful, with vivid colors and intricate designs.  The desert botanical gardens are a little microcosm of the desert world.  We visited Saguaro National Park two days prior and that was real, spacious, and wild desert.  However, if you are only in Arizona for a short time, the dbg will do.  The variety of cacti is so amazing and I'm sure the flowers are beautiful in April and May.  We saw some wildlife there such as rabbits and bees, but not anything like a snake, although I'm sure that's quite possible.Well worth the $!5 fee!  Also, their hours are great if you are looking to do something in the early morning or early evening.
4	Cacti. Lots of it.But it's more interesting than it sounds! I would ONLY come here on a nice day around sunset time. Come maybe half an hour before the sun really starts setting and then be amazed as beautiful shadows are cast throughout the garden (I'm not from the area, so I'm blown away everyday by a Phoenix sunset). Also, do try to catch the Chihuly exhibit before it ends. I didn't find it as amazing as some, but it's definitely an interesting concept that is also greatly enhanced by sunsets ;-). And the DJ and live performers they get seem to be top notch, so the evening socials definitely look interesting if you're into that cocktail party sort of vibe.Don't forget to bring your camera!
5	My boyfriend and I took a road trip to Arizona during Jan. We came to Phoenix and discovered how there isn't much to do! We didn't think we would go to the Desert Botanical Gardens but we decided to go. We were so impressed! We went on a tour with our guide, Archer, who was adorable, friendly, and knowledgeable. I really recommend going on the tour. We then just walked around. It was interactive and we got to see some animals. Then we went to the store and they had such interesting cacti! We bought the bunny ears and the dinosaur back. When we bought them, the cashier told us where they are from and wrapped the bunny ears for me and told me to be very careful since it really itches if you get pricked. Very nice and personable. It was a really enjoyable experience!
5	Chihuly exhibit = awesome.  DBG itself = very cool.  Student ID gets you 1/2 off.  More like an art museum than a typical museum of the modern era - obviously not particularly interactive, but the few displays or other directly educational features are dated and not really useful.  Go to look, not so much to learn.  A beautiful facility, nonetheless, and certainly worth a visit if you enjoy looking at plants.
4	Chihuly, and desert.  What a breathtaking match!The unnatural yet organic glass paired with the desert scenery was a sight that I can't describe as anything else but just YUMMY!  The jewel tones sparkling next to each other in the sunlight was just the most ethereal sight....and I bet it's better at night.The park itself I thought was logically laid out, and I especially loved the butterfly garden.  The hummingbird area wasn't so bad either...I got a wonderfully close up picture of an Anna's.  The only complaint I have is that they were cleaning the glass pieces as we were there.  I understand it needs to be done...but shouldn't it have been done before opening?  I don't particularly want a picture of glass cleaners in with the beautiful artwork.Whomever said the desert was a colorless place obviously never really saw it, especially in bloom.I always wanted to come see this place after the monsoons...but I'm glad I came during the Chihuly installation.  He truly is a master of his material.  (And yes, I know he doesn't do it all himself) I just can't get over the complementary pairing of his red reeds next to the green cacti.  And the Chiostro di Sant' Apollonia Chandelier...definitely the belle of the ball if I had to pick one.It makes me want to go see his other garden installations around the US.Absolutely gorgeous!  I'm putting my pictures up to share!
5	I see one review that complains about organizational money scandals, but I was just there to see the garden and the art.  If it is true it is sad.  This place is a gem!And the Chihuly glass installation was wonderful.  I realize it is just temporary so I do not see it as demeaning the nature of the garden.  If anything it gets more locals to visit and support the place.  It feels both organic and alien.  Eye candy even!By all means go see it.  You might be surprised.
3	I've been to the gardens 3 times and that's why I'm giving it an overall 3 rating, my experiences were very different.Originally, I attended in the spring a couple years ago, during the week, but during the butterfly exhibit.  At this time I think it cost $7 to enter the gardens.  It was a nice visit, calm and beautiful.My second visit was during the luminarias (sp?) at Christmas time.  It helps that I had free passes, but this was a great visit as well.  Beautiful to see the gardens as night and wander, quite romantic.  The musical stops were pleasant and the wine samplings excellent.My third visit this week disappointed me.  While the Chihuly exhibit is interesting, the crowd it attracts makes it more of a disappointment than a pleasure for me.  Many people there only for the glass who were disrespectful of those pausing to see the plants, being loud, and lots of misbehaving children who would rather be somewhere made for children.  Also, the gardens are now $15 + $3 to see the butterfly exhibit.  That's getting a little crazy.  Make sure you get online and get a coupon.  Overall, the gardens will always be a place I take my parents when they are in town.  But I'll look for a slower time to attend.
4	Lights at Desert Botanical Gardens, Wow, the blown glass brings a new beautiful look to the DBG.  Bring a special someone here to stroll around after or before you go to dinner.  Chihuly is a display of blown glass with amazing colors and arrangements mixed in with the flowers and cactus of the garden. Enjoy
5	As good as it gets, only when it is cool and beautiful weather. Been here twice. Once when it was sweltering hot. Did not enjoy the botanical gardens so much then. I also went for the Chihuly exhibit recently and it was beautiful and fun. They have so many different types of cacti. Check it out. Take your out of town guests here e.t.c. But remember, only when it is cool weather!
5	Wow, if you want to see an amazing variety of desert plants, enjoy a nice hike, and maybe even learn something, you can't go wrong.  This time of year, while it's getting a little warm, the plants are in bloom, and you really get to applicate the fact that Arizona has more colors than brown.We spent about 4 1/2 hours walking around, which is enough time to see the entire garden, spend time where you want, and get the full experience.  I have no doubt had we stayed longer that we would have noticed even more things.The Chihuly exhibit was amazing, well worth the need to reserve tickets.  If you haven't seen it, you should really check it out.  The photos I took don't do justice to seeing it live, and in such an incredible setting.We did snack at the Patio Cafe, and while the menu sounded amazing, the sandwiches were all premade (nice that there was no wait) but a little lackluster.  It was fancy box lunch fair.  If DBG wasn't a non-profit, I would have been annoyed with the prices.  However, the birds really enjoyed the bread I parted with, so I think they would rate it pretty high.  Personally, I would just eat before I go next time, and not bother.They had some great Earth Day displays in the Herb Garden, all kinds of information on sustainability and eco-friendly choices.  If you are looking to get low water usage plants in your yard, they had all the information.  I'm just not sure if that was a one time thing, or if they are there frequently.Overall, we had a great time, and I will be using the Culture Pass to go again when the weather cools off.
4	chihuly chihuly chihuly.visited dbg for the first time for the chihuly event "agave on the rocks" and for 75 a person the event was done beautifully. well worth it. drinks were good, food was mediocre, but the atmosphere is what made the event. not too yuppy but still with plenty of trendy. the art is spectacular and it looks like the desert took acid and smoked a couple of joints. the area is large with lots to explore.def a must-see.
5	I love the DBG!  How beautiful this place is.  What a Phoenix treasure.The first time I came out here was about 3 years ago with my mom. She's an avid gardener, and we made a point of going here.  We both had a great time with everything we saw, and easily killed a few hours walking around this place.Well, I came back here with Heather  to see the Chihuly display. AWESOME!  Gardens are lusch, paths are large and easy to walk and there is plenty to see here. Tons of desert habitat here.I also like how they have water fountians and beverage machines here throughout the park.  Walking can make you get real thirsty real quick. They also have a little cafe of sorts in the back of the garden, which is nice when you are hungry.  They also have benches if you want to sit down and catch your breath or take a break from walking.  Great place to bring family, dates, out of town visitors and anyone else!  Worth the $$.  I will be back!
4	The Desert Botanical Gardens are beautiful. I'm just amazed by all of the different types of cati that are on display here. It's a great way to get some exercise and enjoy the beautiful desert plants. They are blooming right now and the gardens look amazing. We came to see the Chihuly exhibit yesterday (with some free passes, woo hoo!) just before sunset. You have to see this during the day and at night. Some pieces look better during the day and others look better at night. I would suggest going to see this exhibit during the week. It was pretty busy on a Tuesday night, so I can't imagine how busy they are on the weekend. If you're into desert plants, Boyce Thompson Arboretum is another great place to check out near Globe. Some of the trails close at sunset, so get here before the sun goes down to check them out. And the butterfly exhibit closes at 5pm. Also they are now open until 9pm.
4	With 78 reviews, there's not a lot I can in the way of details. I'll just add my 4 star review and say "it's all true"! For non-native tourists -- especially from Chicago -- DBG is a great way to gain an appreciation of just how diverse the desert ecosystems are -- and how fragile.It was a real bonus to find the Chihuly exhibit here, as well. They say this is th first time they've exhibited this glass outdoors like this.Don't miss this! Fun seeing the butterflies, too -- especially for the kids!TIP: Get here early -- it gets warm in the desert! [I probably don't need to tell anyone actually from the Valley that, do I? LOL]
5	If you have any time between now and May 31, 2009, be sure to go and check out the Chihuly installtion at the Desert Botanical Gardens.The gardens would have been fabulous, but the Chihuly installion delivered icing to a tasty cake.  For fifteen bucks, it was one of the nicest walks I have taken in a long time.On my sixth day in Phoenix, I decided to take a few hours from my hectic schedule of class during the day, getting lost on the way back to the hotel and working into the wee hours and see something of my weeklong adopted city.  Perusing those magazines left in the hotel room by the management (in a vain attempt to say, "Get of the room, sometimes, dearies, you work too hard!")  I found an ad for the Chihuly exhibit, went online to buy a ticket and had my plans _made_.  I would have gone to the zoo, but it closes at five _everyday_.  The garden is open until nine, which gave me time to leave class, get lost driving there and still have some wandering around inside the garden time.Ok, the temperature was 103 that day, so even in the early evening, it was pretty hot, but I  took water and there were fountains dispersed throughout the park.  Even iin the gloaming, I got a little sun, but I would definitely advise the strongest sunblock you can find.  They were having an evening event with jazz and food and drinks, but as the park filled up with people, it didn't seem appreciatively more crowded, except in the food and drink areas.  This park is large enough to accommodate lots and lots of people. Just a note of the Chihuly glass.  This is a major installation.  I lost count as to how many pieces were here.  My brother wrote in my blog that this was where Chihuly pieces belonged, not indoors, in museums.  I respectfully disagrees, I love to see Chihuly pieces anywhere.  Surroundings do interact with his art, but wherever I see his work, it changes and grows.  Just as limiting Goldworthy's work to outdoors would only show us one side of that talented artist, limiting Chihuly's work to outdoor installations, would only show us a limited number of facets of his work. Ok, I'll get off my soapbox now.  :::griN:::  I'll just say that if you have some spare minutes in Phoenix that are not in the heat of the noonday sun, go to the Desert Botanical Gardens, before May 31, if possible!
4	I visited this with my girlfriend and a pretty large group of friends.  We came specifically for the Chihuly installtion.  Amazing art exhibit , I wish I had time to visit this at night because I hear everything is illuminated.  Bring comfortable shoes because this place is huuuuuuuge!  You'll learn a lot about our beautiful state here and it's native plants.
5	It is a nice place to relax!! and they always have some interesting activity going on. The best so far was Chihuli and the night walks. From time to time they have plant sales and they have such a good variety of them. I'm looking forward to sign a membership!
5	How can you not love this place? I'm a card carrying member of the DBG so admittedly, I'm slightly biased. :)  I wish my backyard looked like the Desert Botanical Gardens (Actually, it's where I've borrowed a lot of ideas.) I'm a proud Phoenician and love the Sonoran Desert. I've lived in a lot of cities and traveled the world and to me our desert is unique and one of the most beautiful places in the world. The new cactus garden is spectacular; I love standing in the herb garden and taking deep breaths. My favorite trail is the Sonoran Desert Trail because it has some of the best views of the east valley and Papago Park.I like to buy a glass of wine and watch the sun set as I wander around and admire the statuesque and colorful flora of the desert. If you are visiting Phoenix, spend some time here. (And bring a camera.)
5	Hey All! If you are looking for Chihully at the Desery Botanical Gardens, you've missed it! But, you won't miss the intimate atmosphere that is provided by the garden and the creatures  living in the garden. We wandered over to Desert Botanical Gardens in search of the Chihully exihibit and found a quiet peaceful garden. I have to admit because it was nearly 100 degrees outside the garden was a little more vacant but this actually proved to benefit our experience. We noticed several creatures walking around the garden and foraging for food. At one point, one of the large squirrels was walking around right in front of us, practically posing on a tree branch! We took several pictures of our squirrel friend. We also noticed several lizards wandering around just a few feet away from us! Overall the experience of the garden was fantastic and very relaxing. Stop by on a cooler afternoon, or early evening for a wildlife experience you surely won't forget.
5	I've been here twice and really enjoy it.  Very beautiful plants and a real nice walk.  Both of my kids also enjoy it.
4	This is a great place to go if you want to escape.  I loved it so much that I became a member.  I have seen the Chihuly exhibit three times and it definitely brought the gardens to a new level.  It is a great way to spend the day, I highly recommend them.
4	I really enjoy wandering around the gardens so much so that I became a member recently and since then have been back almost on a daily basis. My love affair first began when I went to see the Chihuly exhibit at sunset this past spring. I'm kind of glad that the exhibit is gone now because you can actually walk around and look at the specimens without the large crowds. Although the Chihuly piece by the main entrance is still there, it is debated whether it will remain a permanent installation. I highly recommend the DBG to all.
4	Good parking. A bit expensive for Adult entry $15.00. Not to warm in October. Nice and peaceful walking. I took a lot of pictures. Lots of Cactus. Bring your own water, the water fountain is tap. Bring good walking shoes.
5	Another weekend of visiting Phoenix and what the hell am I gonna do besides eat?Unfortunately, Phoenix didn't have an array of free places to visit, besides walking around downtown or their version of Old Town. Being from San Diego, I got spoiled by being able to walk around the beaches, Balboa Park, Seaport Village, the Gaslamp District.... You get the picture.Though the Desert Botanical Garden isn't free ($15 per adult), I gotta say that this has to be on everyone's to visit list, if one ever goes to Phoenix. The desert garden is pretty amazing, with all it's wild life and vegetation. Walking around the garden paths, we spotted lizards, cacti and birds galore! I even saw a garden gnome (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IdCOpMsZ67g-oQZLgAsnOA?select=-TOj_E-xHmaOBW9NggUMmg). No joke!Coincidentally, the DBG happened to be hosting the Chihuly Glass exhibit, while we visited. So, we got more bang for our buck. For an additional $3, we also got to see the Butterfly Exihibit. Entertaining since butterflies were on people, as well as plants. Pretty cool, considering we spent almost 3 hours here.A definite MUST. And, though the Chihuly Exhibit is now done and gone, I do look forward to visiting, again, and hopefully checking out another exhibit.
4	I'm not a contemplative person, really.  I like to look at something once and keep moving.  This place slowed me down though.  The plant life in the desert is so different from what I've seen in my life, that I was really interested in the types of plant life that can survive here.  I never knew there were so many kinds of cactus and this place has them well marked.  It's a different kind of beauty.  My contemplative, nature loving and nature photographing husband wanted to come back for his second visit on our trip and thought i would enjoy it.  I did. I don't need to go back, but I did have a nice couple of hours here.  (Great gift shop, too.)
4	With the wide array of desert plants at this Botanical Garden, I would already be a fan. We went to the members-only preview of the monumental art of Allan Houser there last night, and I must say that it made the preview all that much better. I did have a small lunch at the Patio Cafe there earlier in the day, and even though it was pretty much pre-packaged sandwiches, it certainly hit the spot after walking the entire grounds (which took about 2 hours)...
5	las noches de las luminarias may be one of the most perfect ways to spend an evening during the holiday season:)It's been a while since I could say I was "enchanted" by anything...I was enchanted by las noches de las luminarias at Desert Botanical Garden:-)The Beautiful Carin and I had not been to las noches de las luminarias ("lndll":) before...in fact, when she told me we were going, I think I said something to the effect "it's just another way to separate us from our money at Christmas time...Bah...Humbug!!!" :-)Carin said something like "lighten up Ebenezer", and off we went:)Well, lndll does separate you from a little cash to get in and a little more to have a toddy or three by the fire...but it's money well spent...maybe even money well invested:)We got into the garden shortly after sunset and I have to say, I was awed from start to finish!As we walked in, we were greeted with spectacularly lit Chihuly Glass cacti, along with hundreds of luminarias lighting our path...the soft sounds of a mariachi band playing just inside the entrance, adding a distinct Sonoran feel to the experience:)Once inside we wandered around and just simply enjoyed all that was happening and all that we were seeing...around one corner, the path led through a small stand of dimly lit Pipe Organ Cacti...around another bend, a bluegrass band playing from a perch nestled between giant boulders...over there, a children's handbell choir playing holiday favorites...always with the silhouette of Papago in the background and luminarias and well placed decorative holiday lighting in the plants to guide us:)No one seemed to be in a hurry...no one pushed or raced along the paths...everyone smiled and chatted with each other...we had a number of brief, cheery conversations with people that we had never seen before and will never see again...we helped a couple of snowbirds that had a stuck wheelchair (I helped with a song in my heart and smile on my face..not like me at all...my heart must be growing 3 sizes! :-)...here, during lndll, it was just what you do!As the evening grew a little late and some of the luminarias began to flicker and die, we found a spot next to the fire in the Berlin Agave Yucca Forest and had a couple of Steaming Hot Martini's (I have no idea what was in them, except liquor...but they were tasty and warming and they made us happy:)We sat there for a while and talked as we watched the fire, the flickering luminarias and the dwindling crowds...and I came to the conclusion that this might have been one of the best Christmas investments ever.I hope you'll go and invest in Desert Botanical Garden, lndll and yourself...it's more than worth the price of admission:)Save me a spot by the fire and I might even buy you a Steaming Hot Martini :-)
5	To say this place is super rad would be an understatement!!  We for las noches de las luminarias.  And I wish we could've stayed longer, also seeing the gardens during the daylight is added to the 'to do' list!  Having never been there the staff was super helpful in guiding us, not to mention really friendly!  The music was entertaining and a good variety.  They also have a synthetic ice rink and you're allowed up to 15 minutes of skating, if you're not shy!  The buffet they offered was a joke and I don't recommend doing it.  For 16.50, you're only allowed one trip through and other such silly stipulations... no thanks.   Other than that, what a great place to go!
5	The Desert Botanical Garden is a wonderful place to while away a few hours. I'd wandered by after a race and was looking for a calm activity that would stretch my legs. And this choice turned out to be perfect.The Gardens are a mix of several different trails, each with a different theme: these range from a trail based on lifestyles of the ancient Sonoran Desert dwellers to a path based on desert wildflowers. Each path is a mixture of different desert plants mixed with educational exhibits. Highlighting the flowers are various sun-seared rock formations and distant mountains.It's a very easy trail which is well marked; you won't get lost in the desert. A visit around sunset is also worth considering: the mix of light and shadows adds an extra dimension to the surroundings. The outer trails do close after sunset, although the inner path (The Desert Discovery Loop Trail) is lighted and remains open.They do rent this facility out and I think it would be wonderful for catered events, weddings and the like. The Gardens definitely are a jewel for the Phoenix area.
3	Weddings: The wedding I went to while visiting AZ was @ the Binns Wildflower Pavilion. For a Desert Botanical Garden...well...thanks for all the cactus. And thank you for dressing up natural beauty with artificial cactus and and plastic plants. Wow. As far as the desert part of it is concerned...it's quite nice. The flexibility of the staff. Really not that nice. For a place like that, you should be allowed to spruce up the venue a little bit, but to no avail. Staff is hard-core strict. Why? Who knows... Maybe the economy states that they have to be more strict than give deals. Oh so the bartender...was so-so...thanks for the attitude while getting a sprite. No outside liquids were allowed AT ALL. The regular wait-staff was funny and cool.Other than that, free parking! woot...i'll give you 3 stars for that since I had i carpooled with friends to a night out.Pass on this for weddings...unless it's really cheap. BTW, the wedding was fun, but that's because of the people.
5	As we strolled through the fantabulous Desert Botanical Garden we reflected that it was fifteen years ago to the week that we made our first visit to this remarkable place.  Over the fifteen years the garden has become increasingly wonderful thanks to the combined efforts of staff, volunteers and donors.  A visit to the Botanical Garden is always one of the highlights to our visits to the Scottsdale area.  Other reviewers have offered good observations and tips so there is not much additive we can post here except for, perhaps, this tip.  If you want to avoid crowds do NOT go on the first Tuesday afternoon of each month as that is free entry day after 1:00 p.m..  We did not know this when we made our first Tuesday visit.  Had we known we would have made plans to go on a different day or time as the free admission drew in lots of people.  But even  with more people in the garden than we normally find on our visits, it was still a peaceful, wonderful place.  Also great that it accomodates people of all ages and physical abilities on the easy to access pathways.  One of the volunteers told us that there are plans to expand the Sonoran Desert area of the garden, which is our favorite part, so we anticipate still more wonders  to see on our future visits!
5	Holy Cow! If you are a fan of nature and learning about local plants, this place is for you.It costs $15, which may seem kind of high, but they have free admission on certain Tuesdays.This place is absolutely incredible!
4	I agree with others that it seems a bit expensive at $15- but that still would not steer me away from going.For the first time in about 8 years I found myself at the DBG with some out of town family. Wanting to enjoy the weather (since they had just escaped the cold grey winter of Detroit) the gardens were the perfect spot. The garden is equipped with wide paths and plenty of benches to help the old timers pace themselves. It helps remind us city dwellers of the beauty the desert can have and how unique Phoenix truly is.
5	This is amazing place to visit in the Phoenix area. Of course, the flora and fauna of this desert is unique and there's no better place to get a comprehensive overview than the botanical gardens. Of course, they are also beautiful and interesting. I went with my 82-year old father, who has osteoperosis and emphysema. I was concerned he wouldn't be able to get around. However, the gardens had motorized carts available. Also, there are different trails with different difficluty levels. There are lots of shady places to stop as well as little cafes and etc. The docents are very knowledgable and really love what they do. Their enthusiasm really adds to the exerience.
5	I love taking out of town guests here. It is so beautiful, especially at sunset. I've also been during the Chihuly exhibit (AMAZING), Butterfly exhibit (Pretty Cool) and the Chili and Chocolate Festival (So Fun and Yummy)! Definitely a trip you'll enjoy!
5	I love this place: look for the specials and the different events they always have going on. It's a great spot in the Valley.
5	Yelp in Bloom was the second time I'd been to the DBG. The first time for an evening wedding. Both events were absolutely stunning. It's a great place to hold events apparently. I need to come by to check it out the daytime though, as well as the Chihuly exhibition.
4	The Desert Botanical Garden gives a beautiful and educational view of the Sonora Desert. Our tour guide was enthusiastic and provided us with details of Desert life that we took with us throughout our stay in Phoenix.I would visit the Desert Botanical Garden early in the week so that you are able to more closely notice the features of the desert throughout your trip. Taking a tour was beneficial and we might have continued to further enjoy our time at the Desert Botanical Garden if we had had lunch and then walked around by ourselves in the afternoon.The butterfly house was fabulous--might try going earlier in the day to avoid the crowds. Saw lots of beautiful butterflies and the staff in this room were very knowledgeable and willing to share.
5	Great place to visit and get acquainted with the Arizona desert.  The trails are easily walkable with enough to see so even the two teenagers I was with didn't get to crisis complain mode (which is a minor victory in itself).  The luminarias are beautiful and it is equally as nice to visit during the day and night.
4	DBG is always a treat.  It is so peaceful.  There is a bi-annual plant sale.
5	When I was younger and on vacation, I never in a million years would have wanted to spend vacation time in a freaking desert looking at stupid plants. But now that I have grown up, I can truly appreciate the beauty of nature..and the gardens here are very beautiful. They have desert plants from all different regions, and each garden is unique and distinctive. You can follow different paths to different regions. There are signs all over that describe the gardens so you actually get background information about the plants you see. There are also cool statues and native replica scattered throughout. I think my favorite was the Sedona gardens..definitely a stand out. I never knew there were so many different types of cactusses. Yes, I know that is not the right word, but cactusses is a fun word. And there are definitely some funky ones! Some look like fat worms. And with the beautiful Phoenix sky, you can definitely get great pictures.
5	You're guaranteed to have a beautiful and eye-opening experience at the Desert Botanical Garden!  I was a little skeptical before coming because, to be honest, I didn't know that Arizona had any gardens (with average summer temps of 105+ degrees, I didn't understand how anything could survive out here), which shows you how sadly Californian I am.  But I was blown away by all of the varieties of cacti, and the gorgeous, surprising colors of desert flora here.  You'll see things you never knew existed, and it's so peaceful and, dare I say, romantic, to be among the cacti?  The bf and I had the good fortune to come on a sunny day, and we got to see the butterfly exhibit.  Granted, I'm a little afraid of any type of insect, but this is not to be missed.  Butterflies flitting their wings and kissing all the flowers - adorable!  The Desert Botanical Garden is a must-see if you're visiting Phoenix.
3	My aunt and uncle were in town for my graduation and got into town looking for something to do so we went to Spiked at DBG. (http://www.dbg.org/index.php/plan/calendar/spikedspring)  The event was a cool setup you pay to get in $25 a person.  Then you get all you can eat food and you can tour the gardens at night.  They have alcohol at the event and it is pay per drink.  The prices weren't too bad pretty typical drink prices for being out.  The gardens at night offer a different experience then the daytime there are several cactus flowers that bloom at night.  Plus as the temperature rises it's nice to have events in the evening.
5	5 ENTHUSIASTIC STARSThis is a large, well maintained botanical garden, teeming with birdlife and abundant in blooming cacti, succulents & other flowers.Even though it can be HOT, it is very easy to spend half a day here, as we did, wandering the trails. If you need a break, there is a patio cafe where you can get a cool one.This place is a true delight and a great asset for Phoenix.
4	Really good overview of the Arizona desert plants and flowers. Downside: It's in the desert and it's hot as hell. Enjoy!
3	DBG, the debugger, er, the Desert Botanical Garden, is not a typical botanical garden, a reasonable surface expectation given the 100 degrees in the shade weather.However, this is a great destination for the dreaded contingency of entertaining out-of-town guests to the semi-urban desert if one enjoys:- Seeing more varieties of cactus, agave and yucca that one ever thought possible- Realizing that the desolation of the desert is relatively quite well-populated- Getting a more educational sunburn than would be acquired by lounging by the pool- Seducing a Passport Unlimited cardholder for card privileges for B1G1 admission- Enjoying the heartwarming story of triumph of the herb garden (with portions of cast both familiar and unfamiliar) succeeding in growth against all climate-related odds- Thanking the spiritual guide of choice that we brought bottles of initially frozen waterFor $15/head, the value proposition, unless it settles the blood pressure raising "so, what do you want to do?" debate, is still a bit weak, but it does make for a slightly alternative nature walk and there are certainly worse ways to spend a scorching outdoor afternoon in Phoenix.
5	Awesome!Growing up in Scottsdale, I never went to the botanical gardens. I mean come on, what's there to do there? It's not the same as going to the zoo.But now, it's a must. Go around dusk or check out their website for one of their events. The Chihuly Exhibit was pretty cool last year. And that's what I like, they're more than just a bunch of cacti. Bring a camera.
4	Beautiful gardens, reflective times, makes the desert a better place.
5	The DBG is a very well run establishment. The garden staff is knowledgable and courteous and the setting is really spectacular. It's a wonderful place to get away alone and they also have a robust schedule of interesting events and music. It's a treasure.
4	Very pretty, but also I think missing several opportunities to provide a greater amount of education about the plants themselves and how they are practically used or planted for landscaping purposes (and yes, I know all about the classes).  A couple months ago, my wife and I decided not to renew our membership to DBG, but it was a wonderful place to take relaxing walks at dusk.... I suppose that next time I get that urge, I'll just sign us back up for a membership -- admission prices are a tad ridiculous.
5	I found the admission price a bit too steep ($15 for adults) plus $3.50 for the butterfly exhibit, but I'm not too grumpy. I am one of those people who thought the desert is arid and ugly. But after my visit to the Desert Botanical Garden yesterday, I stand corrected.Part of my experience at the garden was because of the weather--breezy, cloudy, with just the right amount of sun. But the place is extremely well-maintained, well-labeled with directions, benches laid out thoughtfully every few steps, and easily navigable loops. These loops or trails are: desert discovery loop which has some beautiful desert plants, plants and people of the Sonoran desert, which has model houses of the tribes that lived in the desert, an oasis, and some medicinal plants; the desert wildflower loop, which has flowers that attract hummingbirds and butterflies; and the Sonoran desert nature loop, which has a really beautiful lookout point for the mountains.Oh, and we saw these AMAZING and breathtakingly beautiful masks by artist Gwynn Popovac. A photographer's paradise, and a great place to get away for a few hours by yourself. I can see myself curled up on one of the shaded benches with a book :)
2	There were more cacti at this place than I ever wanted to see in my life.  It's pretty shocking that you're charged $15 to see what you can see for free throughout Arizona.  I mean, you can see the same "plants" along highways, at hotels, and in front of people's homes.I understand that given the harsh weather, it's difficult to have a wide variety of plant-life.  But after the 1,000th cactus, I was done.Sorry to be harsh but now I really appreciate the botanical gardens in California.
3	Visited on November 11, 2010. Used my Groupon ($35) for a one-year membership. Came mainly for the butterfly exhibit, which is held twice a year, spring and summer. The enclosure is rather magical, an oasis within an oasis. It's nice to stroll and learn about the different flora of Arizona in a manicured setting, but I wouldn't make this a must-see destination for tourists.
4	Oh you have to see this if you go to Phoenix. Like entering the mind of Dr. Seuss--gorgeous, different, whimsical educational.  The desert is remarkably rich in life and diversity.
3	Groupon had a summer special for half off membership to the Botanical Gardens. I always thought them to be too yuppy for me and the upscale version of Boyce Thompson, but I couldn't resist and it made a great evening with the family while they were visiting. It's very beautiful, but definitely different than the outdoor days I'm used to. You could probably get away with wearing heels and a dress for a day at the botanical gardens. There's no hiking or rough paths or uncharted waters.However, the night tour is beautiful and very educational. I saw some lizards doing pushups and a tortoise eating a prickly pear fruit.
5	I am sad to say that in the, ahem, 27 years that I have lived in Phoenix, I have only been to the Desert Botanical Gardens a handful of times. I obviously didn't know what I was missing. I attended the Yelp event here last spring and it was simply magical. It is a wonderful venue for evening events and I am sorely disappointed that I was unable to go to Las Noches de las Luminarias this year because I heard it was simply amazing. I bought tickets and it got canceled due to rain. Yes, this does happen occasionally in Phoenix....like once a year, guess it was my lucky day. I am looking forward to the next exhibit/event that I get to go to here, it is a true gem in Phoenix. And if all else fails, I will definitely be at the butterfly event this spring and at the Luminarias next winter.
5	This place makes me want to wear a sunhat and walk around in khakis explaining the life cycle of a cactus (ok nothing makes me want to walk around in khakis, but it helps with emphasis). The layout is beautiful, the volunteers are friendly, and the setting is perfect to showcase desert beauty. Coming from the Midwest 2 years ago, I didn't realize how lovely succulents are.Kermit wasn't lying, it ain't easy being green - especially in this hot box, we're more browns and grays. Yet the garden sets it up very well and makes the desert interesting with programs, events and ongoing education. I love how this place mixes nature and social life by hosting all types of events: music, Yelp parties, luminaries, etc. This is a great place to go when you have visitors or when you don't have much on your agenda and want to avoid going stir-crazy. I'll admit I may have impulsively bought a discounted DBG membership on Groupon more for the IDEA of going here often, but it's worth it even for the few times you make it out in a year.
4	Typical anglophiles, my lady and I gravitated toward the tea garden. But that doesn't mean we didn't love photographing and learning about the myriad plants that call the desert home.I was particularly enchanted by the century agave and giraffe trees.Give yourself plenty of time to walk the garden's many loops. I would recommend at least four hours.
4	First visit to the DBG and I have to say that I am a fan. I'm not a native to the area, so it was nice to get out and walk around without getting lostAlso, I do love the student discount! Half-price is the best price.It seems like the trails would be great at night. The great views of the city and the mountains, the hidden nooks along the trails.... However, most of the trails close at sunset.Another downside is that Friday (the day I went) is watering day. A few of the trails were soaked!You should go to the DBG, but not on watering day and remember to bring your student ID.
5	Yeah, you can find most of these species if you venture out into the Sonoran desert.  But nature isn't always accommodating enough to show you all the species within a short, under one mile walk.Not to mention the number of species that exist only in other deserts that are also on display here.  You would have to drive through most of northern Mexico, Arizona, and Utah to find all of the species that are contained within this garden.  Add in the views of the Papago Buttes and the desert landscape blending from the garden into the very hills themselves, and it makes for a very worthwhile trip.  A+ all the way!
4	Pretty. Serene. Peaceful. You forget you are in Phoenix.  A nice walk outdoors.  Cool desert species that are unique.  Only been twice but loved the peacful beauty.
5	I'm the type of person who feels it's romantic, calming, and enjoyable to walk through gardens, conservatories, and parks.  Desert Botanical Garden is a sprawling estate of really cool desert flora.  There were 3 different weddings going on the day we visited, and I have to say they picked a good day.  One of the really cool things was the Chiuly glass at the front entrance.  I wished I had been here when his collection was here!  I believe they are trying to raise money to make the other temporary sculptures a part of their permanent collection.  I'd love to go back someday.
5	Wonderful! Hailing from the Midwest, I've always loved desert flora and fauna because it's so radically different from what I grew up with. A few hours at the Desert Botanical Garden really indulged my fascination. Grab a sunhat, a camera and set aside a few hours to wander the trails here. It's truly a delightful experience. Besides all the amazing plantlife, I saw myriad birds, a lizard, a jackrabbit and some other kind of tree rodent thing, though I sadly did not catch a glimpse of desert tortoise. I guess I'll just have to go back!
3	The DBG?  It's beautiful.  They have ok music and interesting events.   It's a much-needed green space in the city.  Food and drinks are overpriced.  So are tickets for music in the garden.  I spend $8 every month to see the best band ever, so anything above that seems excessive to me.  I am a member, so I clearly support their mission.  But, I rarely go to events because they don't seem worth the amount of money being charged for them.  Also, I think bike parking should be nearer the entrance, so the staff could keep an eye on people's bikes.
5	Local love at its finest. This place...wow... seriously. What else can i say. pleease make your way here and enjoy a little stroll along the beatifully decorated paths and alleys. The garden will teach you so much about trees and plants and other beauty secrets of the desert. it is a non profit place and you can even get if for free if you get a pass at any of the libraries in the valley. Brind your date, bring your kids, this place is soooo nice. we live in the desert and this little oasis can teach us all a thing or two about the environment here... that is if you care about the environment.. (which i really hope you do)have fun and be safe
5	Such a beautiful place to see the desert!  Phoenix has really sprawled since I initially moved here in the late 70s.  It's quite a drive to get out to the desert today -- but the DBG is close in, well laid out and has so many great events. I became a member in the first week I related back to Phoenix and intend to visit very often.  Great for locals; great for visitors.
5	Love it here! It was my 2nd time there but the first for the rest of the family. Very peaceful and serene. Great photography opportunities. Very educational. As a family of four midwesterners, we loved walking around looking at the beautifully designed and cared for desert landscape. We paid about $40 to get in, for a 16 year old, 6 year old, and two adults. Both times I've gone it has taken me about 3 hours to very leisurely walk the entire gadens with a stop for something to drink and relax. We saw plants that looked like they were from another planet! We saw lizards too!I highly recommend a visit! Stay for sunset, it's beaituful!
5	Each of the three visits I've had to this Garden has been a great experience. The first time was to see the Chihuly glass sculpture exhibit with a visiting friend from the northeast -- what a great way to show off the beauty of the desert landscape without having to leave the city! The second visit was for the incomparable event, Yelp in Bloom; I won't say any more of that here, as I've already written a review for it. The third visit was two weeks ago, when I came here to take photographs for my desert nature picture portfolio. That was the longest visit of all, and I almost ran out of memory in my digital camera because of the almost endless variety of plants, landscapes, and details in this Garden that made for stunning photographs. This longer, more leisurely visit also enabled me to explore the areas that explain the different  Arizona "biomes" and the use of desert resources by the Native people of the area in the past. Spending all that time walking around the Garden can build up an appetite, so I was glad to be able to go to the Patio Cafe for refreshment, as well as to see flocks of Gambel's quail - normally elusive birds - approach the tables and the people, hoping to get handouts. http://media1.ct.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/LNVOHaDpj0Ka3y4lvpHbvw/l Take note: you're not supposed to feed wild animals, but it was really nice to be able these beautiful birds so close up.This Garden is a true gem, and you can even get free admission if you use the Culture Pass (which I did) available from the Phoenix Library system.
4	Great place to go for Sunday brunch concert series or The Friday night concert series. Very good if you like jazz in beautiful outdoor setting.
4	I love the night time events here!  I went to the Avant Garden last Thursday  and had a very nice time.  It really is beautiful there with amazing mountain views.  The staff is very very nice, and the food we had there was a lot better than expected.  We had a grilled chicken pita with a pasta salad and tzatziki sauce and side of hummus. Not bad while sipping on some sangria, complimentary smart water and kicking back to watch some belly dancing, flamenco, and spanish guitar trio.  My only negative was that the stage could was not lit properly.  It was difficult to see the dancing at times, which detracted from the performances, which were good, but not nearly the best I've ever seen. Get there early to get good seats, because the seating is pretty limited.
5	I'm new to the Phoenix area and am anxious to check out all the places that people keep recommending to me. Thanks goodness DBG was high on the list. I LOVE it there and can't wait to go back. I went on free day and it was crowded in the parking lot. I was toting a stroller and 3 month old so I was slightly concerned that it would be too crowded to enjoy.Thankfully that was not a problem at all.With all the many trails and areas to explore there were times when 10-15 min would pass without seeing anyone else. Highlights included the butterfly tent, oasis area and some weird little rodent with GIANT male parts. Wish I would have had time to stop and get a bite to eat - next time for sure! I would also love to check out one of the evening events.
5	It's crazy that I've lived in Phoenix my entire life and I've never visited the Desert Botanical Garden - seemed so BORING to me!  Well, I guess I've grown up and what I thought would be boring is PEACEFUL and BEAUTIFUL.   I didn't get a chance to explore everywhere as I had my two young daughters with me and we headed almost straight to the Butterfly Pavilion.  If you have young children this is a NO MISS.  It's a wonderful place to spend an hour or so.  Not knowing anything about butterflies myself, I was grateful there were plenty of knowledgeable staff/volunteers to answer questions.  In fact, everyone I ran seemed really happy to be there.
5	I don't think we could have found a more lovely place to spend an evening for an outdoor concert and the entire next day!The plants, metal sculptures and displays are  w o n d e r f u l !!Watch out, though.  I got "dive-bombed" by a hummingbird who was in a terrible rush to engage in a mating ritual (which I was witness to).And since my friend and I were there two days in a row, she now knows her way there by heart.
5	Great for families and couples! The garden has amazing flowers and views of the Arizona mountains in the background. I took my family here since they haven't experienced too much of the Arizona landscape, cactus, wildflowers, and such, and they were amazed at all the cool things we saw. The butterfly pavilion was open, so we spent a good amount of time in there snapping shots of all sort of species that displayed such vivid colors that we didn't want to leave. We also enjoyed the hummingbirds as well as the cactus gardens. This is definitely a nice place to go on a relatively warm day (I probably wouldn't enjoy this as much deep into the heart of summer) and the trails are not that difficult to get through. We spent probably around 3 hours here. Bring your student IDs if you have it, it's half price that way!
4	A lovely place to visit while in or near Phoenix.  The Desert Botanical Garden is serene and beautiful. It gives you the opportunity to see things many of us are not familiar with, especially if you're from the east coast.The large variety of cacti and flowers is somewhat breathtaking. Even on hot days, there are patches of shade around to get some relief from the sun.  Although there are water fountains throughout the trail, the water is very warm, so think about bringing your own and don't forget a hat!Savings Bonus:  They offer a AAA discount which saved us $3(?) per person.Its a great was to spend a morning or afternoon.
4	Great place to visit.   Urge you to visit the Desert Botanical Garden.   Want to see desert plants in their habitat; this is the place to go.   Make the Desert Botanical Garden you next trip.       I know you will enjoy the visit.
5	When I want to go out but not spend $100 on entertainment and also get some exercise in at the same time and see some beautiful Arizona landscape, the Desert Botanical Gardens is the best place I can go. I enjoy walking around the Garden looking at all of the flowers in bloom and all of the different kinds of cactus. I also enjoy when they have different exhibits that you can see as you are wandering the garden. I really enjoyed the Chihuly Glass artwork that was displayed a few years back. Probably my favorite time of the year to come here is when they have the butterflies. They are so pretty and this year there were so many of them! We went this last weekend on my day off and the weather was perfect and we just had a great time. I also get to brush up on my photography skills here the best because I can take some amazing pictures of flowers and butterflies. If you want to see what the Arizona desert is all about, you need to come here to experience it first hand. Its not only about dirt and cacti. There are flowers galore as well.
4	I love the garden.  I go walking here 3-4 nights a week, because I work close by.  I have a couple of spots I love to sit and commune with nature.  I can't tell you, because then I'd have to kill you.  Bunnies, frogs, lizards, quail...love to watch the wildlife.  I keep missing the king snake, who lives near the patio cafe.  I only wish people would realize it's a garden, not a playground or amusement park.  Modulate your voices, please!
4	At the DBG's for the first time ever a couple of months ago to check out the venue for my daughter's wedding. From the very beginning, Amber that young lady who worked with us was professional, on the ball and organized...far more than I can say about the wedding planner. I believe she must be the park's event coordinator and totally rocked it. The place is truly beautiful, so different from what a "traditional" garden looks like. Read the other reviews and the other folks will give you a much better idea of the type of plants, bugs, small animals, or as my granddaughter loudly proclaimed " the birds with the hats!" There were four other wedding going on the afternoon (4/29/11) but we never really heard much except for some far away music. Signs were clearly posted leading the way to the wedding site *and the rehearsal the night before) and the restrooms were exceptionally clean and pleasant to use. There was a very large room with shuttered windows and AC where my daughter and her wedding party dressed and a smaller, similar room where the groom and his group readied themselves. After the wedding, as the chairs and such were put away, the entire group came back to the same area which is a small courtyard and had a cocktail hour. My daughter and her husband were married in the far back arena where they have the outdoor concerts and therein lies the only reason this wonderful place does not get five stars. If you have your wedding at this particular site, park your car in the dirt lot that is adjacent to the unloading area. It is the first right as you come into the park and has a sign posted that reads "Service area only." I understand that during the afternoon the park may want you to stroll leisurely through the park enjoying the natural beauty of the place but at the end of a very long day, it would've been so much better to park in back and take a 5 min. walk as opposed to an agonizing 15 min. stroll. It was incredibly hard for some of the older folks in the group making their way back to the cars and by the time the wedding ended, it was late and the only rangers we saw were on our way out. It was also very dark there and the lights on the canopy over the wedding table did not come on for a long time but eventually they did and it was truly breathtaking (you may want to have someone be the on the watch for this so the wedding party doesn't eat in the dark.) Lovely place to have a party or wedding, parking not so great. Thank you DBG for making my daughter's wedding so very memorable!
4	Love this place. it is so peaceful and beautiful.  Came here as part of a large business function.  We were taken on a quick tour of the trails.  I've been here previously and taken in the butterfly garden (totally worth the extra you pay).  It has rotating events and art that is changing.  I love coming here for the special events such as Chocolate and Chile fest.  Getting a drink in one of the gardens and watching the sun set is one of the most relaxing and romantic ways to spend a quiet evening.  A must see for locals and guests alike.
5	Wow. There are no words and yet so many words to describe what desert botanical garden is all about. The best time is to visit in the spring, after a winter of sufficient rainfall. Cacti bloom every year but wildflowers along the pathways and scattered throughout the gardens only bloom when there's been rain in the months prior to warm weather. This year is spectacular. So many flowers and so exotic, even if you've seen desert landscapes all your life.The butterflies are on show and well worth the $3.50 extra to enter their tent. And abundant wildlife to boot! In the few hours we were here I saw jack rabbits, quails, butterflies, humming birds, iguanas, lizards...Desert Botanical Garden is not only one of the best things to do in Phoenix, but for those interested in botany, it's one of the best botanical gardens in the world.
3	Please, if you want to experience the DBG at its best, DON'T go on the free 2nd Tuesday of the month.  Find a friend with a membership and go on any other night of the month.  I went tonight for one of my regular forays after work, not realizing it was freeloader night.  The place was so crowded with people who really didn't know how to behave (or make their kids behave) in a cultural venue.  Voices were so loud and activity was so high that the garden inhabitants stuck to the underbrush.  I know it's a plant place, but I really enjoy watching the rabbits and birds and listening to the toads in the oasis.  I barely even saw any birds this evening...just two quail, a few hummingbirds...no roadrunners or woodpeckers.  No reptiles, only 3 rabbits, but no ground squirrels.  It makes a huge difference when there are lots of loud people all over the garden.
3	Such a beautiful place! I really love learning about the native plants and getting to see them displayed and highlighted to their best advantage. Anyone who doesn't think the desert can be beautiful needs to come here. In fact, all AZ residents should really come here at least once. As long as the weather is nice, walking the paths at your own pace (hopefully with someone you love) is a great way to spend an afternoon. I agree with some of the other reviewers that now that the price has gone up to $15, it does make it a little less practical. But it is still a great option for those occasions when you have friends in from out of town or on holiday weeks when you need a fun activity that the whole family will enjoy. I was contemplating getting a membership but they are quite expensive and you still don't even get in for free to the special events like Avant-Garden or the evening concerts so it is just not worth it.
3	Meh-  Basically what I learned from this Garden is that there are several types of cacti in the desert.  We walked through and it was nice, but I'm not really one for nature to begin with so all I noticed were prickly pairs everywhere.  The cacti weren't all in bloom yet either.  Dessertscape doesn't really tickle my fancy, but the paths were clearly marked and great place for some nice pictures.
5	Sometimes, living in the desert, we forget that there are a lot of unique and beautiful plants that share this arid landscape with us.  Given the rising temperatures in Arizona, I would recommend bringing a bottle of water and wearing shorts.  Also be sure to bring your camera! There are so many types of cactus and beautiful desert flowers to take pictures of that you will regret not documenting it. Also be sure to go early if it's approaching summer. While there are drinking fountains along the winding paths of the garden it still gets pretty hot in the sun. There is a butterfly house that will be opening up in September which I can't wait to see, there is a little gift shop that sells many different types of desert plants, and very friendly and knowledgable staff.  While I was there I saw a turtle and a toad in their pond, tons of butterflies in the wildflower area, and a snake that was wondering around like a tourist, taking in the sites. Take the kids and the family and share the hidden beauty of the desert together, or go alone with your iPod and your camera.
4	Great place to spend 3 or 4 hours. Took a free guided tour. The guide was good but he had to keep wasting our time with corny jokes. Could have seen much more if he just stuck with the gardens. No idea that mama quail with her chicks, Cardinals, lizards, ground squirrels etc. Stopped for lunch at the outdoor cafe and it was decent and not overpriced. All of us liked our salads. Gift shop was nice also. A bit pricey but that is to be expected.
5	We got married in the amphitheater and it was beautiful, intimate and perfect! Pictures turned out so pretty too, one of the prettiest places in AZ! It only cost 800 and we did the ceremony only. We had about 100 people there, they said it could seat 125 but I think it could seat a lot more as the crowd looked scarce at our wedding. They did a great job, ranging from arranging everything to the day of the wedding. I don't really have any complaints. Main thing is that if you are walking down the trails get ready to get your dress very dirty. I wish I would have bustled it or had a carpet down.
4	We went here on our anniversary with some culture passes from the library. These allow you to get in free as long as you visit within a week of checking out the culture pass. I am so greatful to the Botanical Garden's for partiipating in this. It was our 5th anniversary, and our wedding was at the Cleveland Botanical Gardens. We thought it would be nice to visit and compare. We went early, but I still should have brought a hat. The glass sculptures are amazing and you HAVE to try the Prickly Pear Iced Tea! It's unsweetened and 'infussed' with the essense of the flower, so you don't get the sugar of the fruit but the flavor is great. They need to bottle this stuff....maybe they do? Didn't see any in the gift shop though. The staff was very friendly, and gave us great advice, and stopped to take our picture as well. My only real complaint is the lack of indoor exhibits. I think there was one closed butterfly exhibit and a closed auditorium (Don't know what they use that for). Loved the hummingbirds, butterfly's, and took many great pictures!
4	Came here for the flashlight tour which was very interesting, could have had some more wildlife out for people to see but very cool.  Don't come here during the middle of the day it's HOT!
5	This place is amazing!  I'm from the Northeast, so I had no idea there were so many varieties of desert plants.  The cacti, the trees, the flowers...everything was stunning.  I spent hours walking around with my family and could easily have stayed longer, but we had my sister's baby out with us and he was ready for a nap.  Not all the members of the group were as enthusiastic about Botany as I am, but everyone had a great time.The Chihuly art display at the entrance is gorgeous.  We also watched a very interesting glass blowing demonstration.  The views of the mountains are breathtaking.  I took over 600 photos during the first visit here alone.  This is a must see attraction for visitors and residents of the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  I would love to go when the butterfly exhibit is happening and when the cacti are blooming.The trails are not too well marked and a bit confusing, so if you plan to hike (as we did, and it was fabulous), ask for a map when you buy your tickets or download the trail guide from their website.My parents are members and they tell me that the Gardens offer lots of fun classes and demonstrations for children and adults.  The first time I visited, it was in February, so it was not too hot and we were able to spend the entire day there.  Obviously, in the summer you'd want to visit in the early morning or evening when the heat is less oppressive.
5	During a recent business trip, I visited the Desert Botanical Gardens & had the best time! Wow, what a fabulous place! Although it was a very hot day (it was 112F), I walked around for about 3 hours & enjoyed every sweaty minute of the experience! So much to see & learn, that's for sure! Althoug the gardens are situated very close to the airport, it felt as though I was  actually in the desert! What amazed me the most was the sheer magnitide of plant & animal life that exists in such a climate! Amazing! During my visit, I happened to see several small critters munching on the cacti & interestingly, each one was unique.A word of caution though, you really need to be prepared to take on the intense heat. The exibits are nearly all outdoors & some have very little shade, so be sure to take plenty of water & sunscreen. I made the mistake of carrying a large bag with me during my visit which became a big pain in the butt very quickly, so only carry what you absolutely need with you. Have fun!
5	The Desert Botanical Garden is hands down the greatest place to get away in the city. 5 reasons you need to become a member.1. The beauty of our Desert Landscape. The park is so well laid out with numerous spots to sit and relax whether under a cactus or mesquite tree or by one of the numerous water features thru out the park. 2. The Fall concert series. The Garden brings in great musicians at night under the stars in the cool Phoenix air. Enjoy a bottle of wine, Spanish guitar and nibble on the catered Arcadia Farms. We have so much fun at these events and try to make as many as we can.3. Dia de los muertos. Another great event held at the Gardens. We had a blast as the Gardens goes all out celebrating the day of the dead. Amazing food, local artist, theater and the final procession.4. Chocolate and Chili Festival. Yes, they go great together. Tons of Chocolatiers and music. A must for any chocolate lover.5. The Luminaries (Holidays). Had the greatest Christmas memories enjoying the large number of musical groups and beautifully lit luminaries (Yes with candles, don't know how long it takes to light those). This will get you in the Christmas/Holiday mood.The Desert Botanical Gardens takes the beauty of the harsh desert environment and turns it into an oasis filled with music, spirits, food and light. We will be members for as long as we live here.
5	Infinite stars for this place.  It is beautiful and so peaceful.  I went to the big bug exhibit yesterday first thing in the morning.  The employees were very welcoming and greeted us everywhere we went.  The exhibits are really fun and creatively displayed.  Also, the garden has really improved over the years with remodeling and the general layout.  Just beautiful.
5	Beautiful desert gardenThis is a must see if you've never been to Phoenix. Beautiful examples of Desert wildlife and fauna. I saw rabbits, dove and wild quail scurring around, seemingly oblivious to park visitors. It takes a couple of hours to see it all, so wear comfortable shoes. Beautiful examples of several types of cactus and desert wild flowers. Go in Late March, Early April, when the desert is in bloom. You can litterally smell the sage in the air. If you go during the Summer, go as early as possible, Phoenix gets very hot. Late March, early April is good time to go, when the desert blooms.
5	This place is just magical.  The garden has thousands of desert plants and Cati that you've never seen before or could imagine exists. It really takes you into a different world.  The landscape goes on for miles, with all sorts of winding trails that makes you feel like your on an adventure hunt. The staff are super friendly and helpful.  I've gone during the day and for the flashlight tour... Flashlight tours are really different and put a little adventure into finding animals in the dark, but defiantly go during the day time to be able to enjoy all the pretty blooming flowers.  If you are a photographer you will never want to leave.  If you live or are visiting the valley do yourself a favor and visit..
1	I agree with Ian below as well. The Moonlight Masquerade event was the worst planned event I've ever attended. There was absolutely no theme concept, the music was atrociously paired (and half of the acts were unlistenable), they quickly ran out of food, drinks, and souvenirs within 45 minutes, and THE TICKETS WERE 60 FRIKKIN DOLLARS!!! The Botanical Garden was quickly becoming a great cultural institution for it's well planned and designed events, its great variety of performers and entertainment, and its ties to the arts community in the valley. I have heard from ex-volunteers that all the talented people in the events department have quit or been fired in the last six months because the dimwit department heads don't want to lose their jobs. They are now breaking contracts with performers, treating guest artists and garden staff poorly, getting cheap and poor quality entertainment, and mis-planning their events. It's too bad. Looks like a bunch of fools are running the place now and I am disappointed because DBG has the potential to be a real cultural institution in Phoenix - a city that has far too few.
5	A Valley Treasure!! Make sure to bring visitors here, especially if you have friends who visit from overseas. Beautiful layout and architectural compliments. Go in the early morning when the desert is waking up for an inspiring day...
5	Unreal - just go, especially if you are a tourist.  I never in my life realized just how many types of cacti there were until I went here and the educational aspects of the Desert Botanical Garden are myriad without being preachy.  Yes it is hot, but shade is available and drinking fountains abound.
5	every time i've come here, it has been a wonderful experience. the grounds are so, so, so beautiful. all the cactus gardens and walking paths and interpretive trails...it's all amazing. we've done the Luminaries, a Yelp Party, sent the parents here, and I've done 2 of their annual plant sales. which by the way are extremely well laid out and absolutely full of DBG experts that can answer any and all questions regarding the plants they are selling. like, did you know it's best to plant that new saguaro in the same facing direction as it was dug up from the garden? i did not know that! very cool place to check out, take out of town visitors, really anything!
5	Came here for the Masquerade party in September.  A beautiful night.In general the DBG is a wonderful place we always enjoy coming to, especially when the Monarch Butterflies are here.The Luminaries are always good too
5	I had NO idea there were THAT many varieties of cactus!This is a great place to go during the day, when you are awaiting for your red eye flight back to the East Coast, you won't see anything like it east of I-95!Tips:1. Try to go as early as you can, before the full desert sun comes out. 2. Bring water, a hat or an umbrella (parasol)..it gets hot (see #1) 3. Admission is $18, and an AAA discount is available.4. Bring a camera!
4	I've been to DBG two times. It is a nice place to go to be outside, see various desert vegetation, and take photos. The second time I went on a Monday, which was great, because the park was not crowded at all. There is a main trail in the park, which takes about 30-60 minutes to tour. There are also several smaller trails and side-exhibits to explore. The butterfly tent has different butterflies at different times of the year and is a great place for macro photos. DBG is a nice place to make an annual visit. I recommend going on a day that is not too hot and making sure that your skin is well covered. It seems that weekdays may be less crowded, which is great for photographers.
5	Just an amazing spot if you love the great outdoors. Serene, picturesque, and beautiful. If in the Phoenix area this is another place that is a must visit. As we were there a few days ago the weather was perfect - in the 70's in the sun, and in the high 50's at night. I would not suggest doing this garden in the summer unless you want to pass out from the heat. That being said, the Desert Botanical Garden is a huge spread of land housing every variety of cacti you could ever want to view. Seriously, this place is all about cactus and not much else, but what they have here is breathtaking. From the smallest to the huge building-like varieties, to sculptures and fountains, this place has a wonderment of things to view.As we were here on a Tuesday afternoon we had the place to ourselves. After the sun went down we were the only ones there walking around at night. We felt alone for almost three hours. At night there are sections which are illuminated by small lights, trails to walk, and places to sit and relax. There is also some critters hopping and slithering around too, but none threatening. You really feel as if you are alone in a desert forest walking around here. This week they also had giant bug sculptures in different parts of the park that were fun to look at. Giants ant on a mountain made it look like a giant ant hill. At $18 admission it is a good deal. Staff is super friendly and helpful. You can stay as long as you want. They also have events and movie viewing nights here. Butterfly exhibit is also on on location to walk through. Definitely recommended for a nice day out or an early evening to explore a bit of beauty.
4	No shade to speak of here folks so make sure your hat is wide and your heat tolerance is high. We were lucky and went in November.Not a lot of flowers but for someone who is not use to terrain it is really neat.The tour is free and really just 5 steps in a circle. The elder man was very knowledgeable and talked too slow for a fast pace world. If I wasn't so eager to get out exploring then maybe I could focus more. I did learn a few things from him but do not expect he is going to take you anywhere but a few steps (I am not kidding.) This is not a tour of the garden in any way. The food was great at the cafe. I had a wonderful roast beef sandwich with great flavors in it. The views were fantastic! The creosota bushes smelled wonderful as it just rained and the hut made of it was fantastic to stand in and just breath that wonderful smell.Notes: I would appreciate more place-cards. We spent much of the time trying to figure out what was what there. As their were not many flowers this time of year, maybe to have some of the volunteers around to answer questions would be a good idea?  Just throwing it out there.The gift shop had a great variety of herbs, Arizona style gifts, gracious shopkeepers willing to help, and many many plants to take home.TLDR: Worth the visit if this is your thing. I enjoyed myself but I love nature and it's amazing "live" art pieces strewed through out the dessert canvas.  I learned a lot about the flora here in Arizona.  Expensive, $18.
5	This place is fantastic! Now mind you I wouldn't go here when it is summer in the city - oh heck no! - but when it's not as hot it is great to go and see. Make sure you take some water with you and apply your sunscreen because even though we went when it was in the 70's we did get some sun and hubs got some red!  Oh, and do wear good walking shoes as there is a lot of ground to cover here. You have an amazing array of cacti and other succulents.  The herb garden wasn't all that hot to me but it's there.  They have the volunteers out in different spots who will show you what this plant was used for and things like that.  There was a flute player out the day we went who captivated niece for a good long while.  It is not all flat ground, you will walk a bit uphill at some spots.The giant insect statues were pretty cool to see but it was just the scenery period that was breath taking.  When the cacti are in bloom it has really got to be amazing.  Throughout the garden there are spots where they have information about the plants or the animals that are around and there are spots that have seats and shade; very necessary if you are really taking in the entire garden.We were very fortunate as we got to see hummingbirds, cottontails, quails, squirrels, and a road runner.  It costs $18 for adults to get in UNLESS you have reciprocal membership from another garden.  We do, we got in free, woohoo!!!  If you are into the plant - and animal - life of the southwest then this is a place I highly recommend, just stay on the path and be careful when you back up to take a picture!  I'm still snickering about the fairy duster plant. Does this mean the plant dusts fairies or the fairies use it to dust with??  Too cute!
4	this is a great place, i love the layout, the docent's are helpful and willing to answer questions even if you are not on a tour. we were in Phoenix for vacation and this was a nice stop, we were there in November so the weather was nice, i can't imagine in the summer. if i lived in Phoenix i would by the yearly pass seems a better value, then you could enjoy all year, just like we do here at the world famous San Diego Zoo.
5	Always fun for the entire family, and they especially have great seasonal events, like Luminarias.
1	Great if you want to spend $18 to see lots and lots and lots of cactus.
5	Kinda spendy, but a very nice way to kill an afternoon.
4	Wow, what an overhaul! I haven't been here for 12 years and wasn't looking forward to returning ;-p They really ramped up the place - paved walking trails, a multitude of cacti, wildflowers, and other plants I had no idea existed. The guides giving informative talks were actually nice, knowledgeable and entertaining, it was the first time I didn't bolt! Well managed and organized and offered arrows where to go (thank heavens!). My mother in law (and myself, who am I kidding?!) would have appreciated a twinkie stand here and there, but was really well landscaped. Only negative was the price - $18 pp. Good thing I had my student ID from 18 million years ago and the sun hid my grey hair, else I would have had to forgo dinner to get in! ;-)Definitely a do for out of towners and locals.
4	This place is WAY bigger than I thought it would be.  Still, the $18 regular price seems a little steep.  Definately get a map because the winding paths make it easy to miss areas.We had a great time and spent 4 hours in fantabulous weather walking around the gardens.  The gift shop has some very unique items.I recommend taking the official tour - we got a lot of great info during the tour that we would have never known before.Try to get to the outdoor cafe area before crowds get there around mealtime in order to see the wildlife that lives in the hillside.  Quail, jackrabbits, lots of other birds too.  The staff tells us that after dark is also a great time to see some animals.
4	Probably one of the best botanic gardens I've been to. It has many different species and almost rivals the Chicago botanic gardens.The price is steep to me. The layout of the gardens makes it an enjoyable walk and is pretty easy to navigate. It's like one big loop with 4 other loops branching off the main one. Each has something slightly different but towards the end there are only so many cacti you want to see!Of course, there were aloe and agave plants as well and it was laid out and maintained well.This is another place to wile away a half day, possibly not so much if it was really hot but the weather was perfect for us in Feb.Who knew the plants could be sooooo big!
4	Went at sunset in time to walk one of the unlit trails, then did the main trail by lighted path. They also allowed us to observe a glass blowing class in session. I think it is the best botanical garden I've been to.
5	I love going here and taking pictures.The last time I was there, I heard this beautiful flute music off in the distance.I followed it all thru the gardens, back and forth, thru all the winding paths, until I came upon this lil old dude sitting on a blanket with all these hand carved Native American Flutes laying about.Stayed a while, chilled and soaked up the ambience.A beautiful day for sure..
5	Great place to spend a lazy Sunday.  Also great place to take visiting friends and family.
4	Beautiful. One of the top botanical gardens I've visited. The landscape is elegant and rugged at the same time. I'm not a professional photographers, but this place can make you and your point and shoot seem like a pro. I think the price is a tinge steep ($18/adult), but I think it's worth the visit. I wish I had taken the guided tour. I heard great things about it!
5	You don't have to be a plant nerd to enjoy this place, just a nature lover. If you come here without your camera, you'll regret it. I love the desert and I'm a native to AZ and I like coming here to see and learn about the more exotic stuff, like cape aloes, for instance. This place really immerses you in the cultural element of AZ. (Somebody already mentioned that they have native flute players.) They have live bands here, they serve alcohol here (and it's still good for kids and fieldtrips). They serve fancy, cold coffee here. Yes, the price is steep. They have a butterfly exhibit that you pay separately for and the steep price is the reason why I think the exhibit should be included in the regular fare. I went here a couple of times when they had the Chiluly art exhibit. (Remember your camera!) They have an annual plant sale with proceeds going to conservation around the state. This park is not as big as some have suggested. I know my way around. Don't worry about the map. It's FUN to get lost in this place. The trails are not as up and down as they are at the zoo on the other side of the hill, but rather flatter and easier for older folks. The trails are crowded in March. Try to go on a weekday.They have botany classes you could take for an extra fee. They teach gardening. I think it would be AWESOME if again, they would include these as part of the regular fare. My beef is this - as somebody who's knowledgable in desert survival, it is really freakin' hard to find classes in such a thing. You have to search far and wide for this kind of information. I understand that people are sue happy and there's bound to be one dork in the class who's deathly allergic to palo verde seeds, but 1) that's what waivers are for 2) you don't have to try the seeds in class, just teach it. I think the DBG is one of the few places that are actually qualified to teach these types of classes and I think it would really set them apart from the other botanical gardens. I actually spotted a cardinal here. Don't see too many in Phoenix. They welcome volunteers. I recommend this place for a date.
3	The gardens are beautiful, but I am taking away a few stars because we were charged full admission even though the Butterfly exhibit was closed for a private party. From reading these reviews, it looks like the DBG used to charge a separate fee for the butterfly exhibit - that would make sense. I don't know why they stopped doing that.  We were very frustrated to go all the way out there on one of our vacation days (we live on the East Coast) and pay the full adult ticket fee, only to find our goal exhibit wasn't available to us.  And nowhere did it say up front that the butterfly exhibit was closed, nor did the person we spoke to on the phone that same day let us know it wouldn't be available.If you aren't someone who went there specifically to see the butterflies, then I'm guessing you would have had a lovely experience. But I encourage you to call ahead and find out what is and isn't open before you commit your time to the DBG.
5	Going to Desert Botanical Garden is the perfect field trip for a beautiful day like today... I've been to DBG a handful of times for events, exhibit openings, meetings, and of course Yelp In Bloom (a yelper party that I planned a couple of years ago)... but today I went with my son and we met some other friends with the sole purpose of checking out the butterfly exhibit.We didn't get lucky enough to have a butterfly land on us, but we did see tons of gorgeous butterflies.  There were orange butterflies and yellow butterflies and striped butterflies, etc... The flowers in the pavillion are pretty to look at as well.  We visited the gift kiosk afterward and took home a butterfly finger puppet, which I know we will get tons of use from (only $6.25). The exhibit runs until May 13th, so don't miss it!And if you do find yourself with more time while you're there, definitely check out the design for a living world exhibit as well... I saw that when it first opened and it was really cool.  The photography alone is worth a visit.I just wish I had more time to explore DBG more often!
3	A great place, no doubt, but with admission at $18 per adult, it has the feel of an expensive tourist trap.  Why pay so much for someone to "show you nature"?My suggestion: Go out and explore the desert on your own.-Hike in the Phoenix Mountains Preserve area. (One of many parks.)-Explore the saguaros and lush desert outside the city. (My favorite region is toward Florence Junction & Superior along US Highway 60.)-Visit a retail cactus farm. (There are many!)Then again, if you're a tourist and don't mind spending the money, go for it.
4	I did a driveby of this place earlier in the day, and did some research.  I heard it closed at 8pm, and was told they have Chihuly glass on display.  That is all I needed to hear.Parking was free, and was plenty of it- I managed to get a front row spot!  We got there around 5:30 pm, thinking there would be plenty of time to see everything...Well I was wrong!  It started to get dark around 6:30, and for that, I missed out on about 2-3 trails- that sucked because I wanted to see everything... Hopefully since it is daylight savings now, you can enjoy the gardens now at a later time...The parts that I did see were fascinating, although at parts it did get kind of boring (we started from the left and worked our way around).  I was told there was even a concery there for the evening- which sounded cool- but I wanted to explore, having never been there.I would like to go back and see what the entire garden has to offer, since the desert portion at the Atlanta Botanical Garden just doesn't do it justice.I think it is cool how it is next to the zoo (which I didn't get to visit), and two parks.
4	What a neat place to visit and experience! Loved walking through the different trails (Wildflower loop, hummingbird area, desert area, etc.) and seeing the different plants that can survive in this environment. Not to mention all the birds and little critters you get to see along the way.Didn't rate 5 stars due to the cost of admission
5	Our group of 4 adults went on the morning of Mar 14.  This is a spectatular display of desert garden items.  It is extremely well laid out and has items that will appeal to many tastes.  The volunteer staff are fantastic and their love of what they offer is apparent.  The entrance fees are somewhat high but you get value.  There are many places to rest, water is available throughout, toilet facilities are adequate.  There is a great gift shop.  Parking is very well managed.  We were here 20 years ago and were even more impressed this time.  No one should miss this attraction.
5	The Butterfly Exhibit was worth the trip.
4	On a beautiful day in Phoenix, my mom, sister and I made our way to the Botanical Garden to take in the fabulous flora of the desert.The entrance fee is a wee bit pricey, but if you're not up for a hike in the nearby mountains but still want to see some gorgeous cacti and flowers, it may be worth the $18.From the moment you step into the gardens, you'll ooo and aah at every turn.  Beautiful wildflowers and fantastic cacti are everywhere to be seen.  There are several trails throughout the Gardens that take you on short journeys and away from the hustle of city life.  I come from deciduous forests, so I'm always impressed with the stark contrast of the desert and its flora and fauna.I could see myself coming here to clear my mind and enjoy the quiet beauty of a hummingbird buzzing from flower to flower.I haven't been to many botanical gardens, but I can only imagine that the Desert Botanical Garden is a unique and worthwhile experience.
4	Just went to DBG for the first time last weekend to test out a new camera. I can't believe it took me 5 years to get here. The grounds are beautiful , everything was in bloom for spring. The butterfly exhibit was so much fun. I am signing up as a member today . I plan to go back next weekend to visit my butterfly friends .
4	My friend and I recently visited a friend in Scottsdale and we all scored Groupon tix for the DBG for $9 which makes it WELL worth it.We really had a nice time walking around and chatting and enjoying the scenery. I've got a weakness for flower photos, so I was digging on the Wildflower path the most. There was a butterfly exhibit, but (from previous experience) I feel strongly that they are gigantic insects with pretty wings, so I stayed away.  We did see smaller butterflies along the paths, though, as well as hummingbirds. Bummed that the website lists the Chihuly exhibit on the main page, yet it ended in 2009. Luckily, I saw most of it when it was in Boston last year, but it turns out there are a few pieces near the entrance.It was a beautiful day in a beautiful place. If you're in the area, I highly recommend it!
5	Amazing place! Originally looked at this for a wedding spot, but found ourselves taking more pictures and looking around at all of the beautiful gardens opposed to what we were originally there for lol! If you're in from out of town, its a must visit!
5	I went to the Desert Botanical Garden by myself the other day and had a blast! I used the complimentary audio tour and followed the path, stopping to listen to the interesting tid-bits as I went. I also went to the butterfly pavilion and watched the butterflies fly around eating and sunbathing, which is a very relaxing experience. All the people who work at the Garden were very nice, knowledgeable and friendly. If you don't have anything to do one day, I would definitely suggest going to Garden, even if you're by yourself (and they have student discounts!).
5	Looooved this garden, it was very beautiful and peaceful, I couldn't stop snapping pictures. I was in luck because they had the butterfly exhibition, I felt like I was in a butterfly wonderland. :) great place to get inspired and have a peaceful walk.
5	My friends got married here two weeks ago and it was a beautiful venue. They even allowed all the guests to walk through the gardens before hand. Great place for families that live out of state so they can see the wonders of the desert.
3	The gardens are very cool and you can really learn a lot by taking a guided tour. They are well-maintained and there are tons of things (plants, animals, birds) to see, but I just don't think it's worth $18 to see, plus $3.50 more to see their butterfly garden. Maybe I'm just a tightwad, but paying almost $50 for two of us to walk around the gardens seemed steep. If I lived very close by I would definitely pay $65 for a membership and visit often because they have lots of shady areas to relax and read or have a picnic, but I don't so I probably won't be back.
3	The Gardens are quite beautiful - Especially during the spring.  The grounds are immaculately maintained, and the staff is very helpful......The prices, though.....My goodness!  $18 for an adult.....Seriously?  The garden is nice, but yikes!  After a couple of hours and a few photos, I was done.  They do have a cafe with packaged sandwiches, salads, etc, but once again, prices are high.Stay away in the summer unless you want heatstroke - BRIING YOUR OWN WATER so you don't have to buy theirs!  Springtime is best, and be sure to get get a home equity loan before you arrive!
3	Do you feel like finding out what it's like to die a slow and horrible death in the middle of the desert? If your answer is yes, then you should come here around noon or early afternoon in the summer and you'll know exactly how it feels like.Okay, so when I visited today, it's not even summer, and I took most of the precautions that were given on their website - I went to walmart and bought sunscreen, a hat, and a giant bottle of water. Was it enough? NO. I suggest that if you plan on going on a hot and sunny day, bring or rent an umbrella (they rent it out for $2) or go really early in the morning (or later at night) so you don't feel like you're getting burned to death. $18 for adult, $10 for student, $15 for seniors and it comes with a FREE AUDIO Guide. Now I didn't take one because I couldnt stand in one spot for more than a second, but it will make the trip more enjoyable, as looking at billions of cacti and not knowing that the differences are between them can get boring.Their Gift Shop is closed until November. There are a couple of trails in there and they add up to approximate 1.5 miles. Depending on how much you love cactus and flowers, you could spend between 3 minutes to 3 hours in there. Let me say this one more time:- wear lots of sunscreen- wear sunglasses- wear a hat- bring water - preferably frozen ahead of time- bring an umbrella, or rent oneIf you set aside the fact that it's deathly hot in there, the place is very serene and enjoyable.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! its a little over priced though which suck especially if you're a student as I am. This place is close to campus so you'd think they'd offer some kind of student discount, buuuuuuut the do NOT! its 18 bucks to go in and I love going here because I am a photographer but that adds up after awhile
5	Under construction when I visited today, but still beautiful. Fellow botanical garden-ers were friendly. Bottled water is not overpriced. At 1.50 a bottle, it didn't sting that I forgot to bring my own water.Park rangers are stern, silently watching and protecting our pic-a-nik baskets from any impending doom.Wear your best, as there are tons of photographers running around. This could be your chance to get discovered - maybe your errant hand or part of your backpack will end up in some semi-famous hipster's Flickr!
5	If you are looking to enjoy the beautiful serenity of the desert and not leave the city, then check out the Desert Botanical Garden in Phoenix. Set in Papago Park, next to the Phoenix Zoo, the Desert Botanical Garden features a wide variety of cacti, succulents, and other desert plants on extensive grounds. Many of these plants are native and some are exotic to the Sonoran Desert. They recently created a dramatic entrance, with a front display of large cacti, including saguaro, ocotillo, and organ pipe cactus, that greet you the moment you enter the Garden. The pathways are winding and wonderful, but not so rugged that a person in a wheelchair could not navigate the terrain. Some of the inclines lead you to remarkable views of the cityscape and the surrounding mountains. They also have an excellent gift shop. The spring and early summer months, when the desert flowers bloom and it is not too hot during the day, are an excellent time of year to make a visit. Just as good are the holiday weeks in late November and early to middle December, when the Garden holds Las Noches de las Luminarias. This event is similar in concept to the Farolito Walk in Santa Fe, New Mexico, when luminarias (farolitos) line the walkways to softly illuminate your path, hot beverages are sold, and musicians perform throughout the Garden. The year that Chihuly's glass artwork was featured alongside the luminarias was just incredible.The Desert Botanical Garden is a great way to spend the day and learn about the beauty of the desert. It is truly one of Phoenix's best offerings.
4	The garden is lovely and they do some fun events here. I have brought out of town guests here and I recently attended a wedding in the garden which was lovely. The luminarias in December are well worth a visit.The cafe has some good food options and the prices are fair. Their plant sale is also very good and my mother goes every year. I can't wait for the temperatures to cool down a bit so we can go and enjoy the gardens some more!
4	I've been here twice and actually enjoy the trails regardless of the insanely 108 degree temperatures. There are cafe's, rest areas, water fountains and restrooms strategically placed on the grounds. I however get bored easily with tour guides - and the one we had the second time was not very exciting - no disrespect to her because she was just being informative - but standing in one place in that heat just made me impatient. So my fiance and I walked around each trail and did "photoshoots" - So I suggest that when you go during the summer - make it fun as far as pics. We didn't get a chance to go at night - but a day here was well spent. Note: There is a butterfly section in the garden but don't get your hopes up - we didn't see any during the summer.
5	I really love this place. I think the other reviewers have done a fantastic job of sharing what this place is all about. It's a little bit pricy, but that's no problem, just find yourself a groupon or one of the other many online deals this place offers. I saw lizards, owls, all sorts of birds and adorable bunnies. The butterfly garden when it's open is wonderful. I really enjoy going for a walk here at sunset, just bring a lot of water when roaming around the desert gardens.
5	I love this place I have been here 2wice and it puts of the others in the country to shame. I hope that I can volunteer here.
4	I enjoyed my visit.  We arrived shortly after sundown for the evening flashlight tour last week. While they do provide flashlights, bringing your own is advised.  For a botanical garden, I thought this place was pretty neat. The varieties of cacti and succulents that were present in the collection, as well as the informative displays (did you know that a saguaro cactus doesn't grow arms until it is at least 50 years old???) were top-notch.  Unfortunately, it was a bit hot, and the little kids (ages 6 and 4) that we went with could only make it through about 1/3 of the gardens before they were ready to get out of the heat.  I know some Yelpers mentioned that this place has a somewhat high admission price, which I didn't mind, as I believe the funds go to a good cause.Oh yeah--they have an AAA member discount that isn't advertised--make sure to bring your card if you are a member.I was sad that the gift shop didn't stay open for the late tours. I am a magnet lover, and would have loved to pick one up for my collection.
5	Amazing plants, events and I love bringing out of town visitors.  As a resident of Phoenix, I've had a membership to the Garden for the last 2 years and I love it. The collection of cactii, century plants (agaves), aloe, and so much more is stunning.  I love the walking path, butterfly garden, flashlight tours and especially the Luminaries every Christmas.  The combination of music and the hand-lit luminaries is stunning and a great way to celebrate the season.  Definitely worth the visit, and if you can get in on any of their events (Chocolate & Chiles, music, etc...) they are wonderful!
5	Really beautiful!! Layout is easy to follow without missing anything. Best part: Lots of critters running around.Worst part: had to back track to get to the concession stand for a ice cold beverage
5	A great way to spend a cool afternoon.  Unique to Phoenix with the various desert plants.  Stroll around the grounds.  Lunch is available.
4	Well worth the visit.  I enjoyed it so much I signed up for a membership.  Will certainly visit frequently.  Definitely a must-see for Phoenix visitors.
5	Love it here!  Art classes like the mosaic one I took a few years back are great.  The night tours in the summer are really *the* only thing to do in Phoenix during the summer other than the pool!  Luminarias are also *the* thing to do in Phoenix in December!!  Most of the year (except for the dead of summer), the butterfly exhibit is open...a draw for all children and lepidopterists.Definitely consider joining if you can.  $75 for two people and $100 if you want free rentals of the scooters every time you go...especially handy if you're recovering a debilitating injury!
5	This is truly a treat in the Valley of the Sun. The Desert Botanical Garden provides a calm getaway from the hustle and bustle of the surrounding area. It's nice to visit during the day and browse several different exhibits throughout the park. However, my favorite part of the Desert Botanical Garden is that they offer a wide variety of lovely events throughout the year. In the fall, they host events like Beer in the Garden and Music in the Garden. In the winter, they host their well-known holiday event, Luminaris and in the spring they host a variety of Jazz in the Garden nights. Every event they organize is done well and provides a perfect evening out. In addition to their wonderful events, I also really love their butterfly exhibit. The butterfly exhibit is charming and sweet. Plus, if you're lucky, you just might visit during a time when they are letting Monarchs loose in the exhibit and you might just get to let one free (hint: go in October). DBG is one of those places in the Valley that can easily be forgotten by locals but the grounds are beautiful and the events are a perfect activity!
3	Did you know there are over 2000 species of cactus? I thought there were, like, 5 basic kinds. I started taking pictures of all of them until I remembered: I really don't care that much about cacti.
5	A definite MUST DO if you happen to be in Phoenix!!! If I lived in Phoenix, I'd be a member and a volunteer!!! :)After a full day of eating from the day before, I wanted to do a non food outing. My friend suggested the Botanical Garden which was a 30 minute drive from her place in Scottsdale. The parking lot was packed when we arrived at 930am. My friend was shocked at how crowded it was considering the past few times she'd been here, there'd been plenty of parking spots.  We eventually found a spot by following a couple who were walking back to their car. FYI parking is free but in cases where the parking lot is completely full you may have to wait it out OR possibly forgo visiting the Garden since the parking lot is the only place to park your car--there aren't any side streets to park on. As we stood in line to purchase our tickets, surrounded by families with young children, we found out why it was so crazy busy:  the Garden was hosting "The Great Pumpkin Festival" which happened to be the same exact weekend we were at the Garden. This Festival offered plenty of activities for families: a hayride; pumpkin carving and decorating; a hay maze; a petting zoo; carnival games; and a free pumpkin for every child under 12.  How cute is that!!!Admission for adults is $18. My friend had a 50% groupon for herself so her ticket was $9. A random guy came up to us and asked if we wanted his extra coupon that he and his family weren't using. I gladly accepted and once we got to the counter, my admission was free AND I also had FREE access to the butterfly exhibit which wasn't included in my friend's groupon deal. However the admissions guy ended up giving us 2 butterfly admission stickers--1 for me and 1 for my friend. Thanks random guy  & admissions guy for being nice and generous!!  Off we went to explore the Botanical Garden. My 4 favorite things during my visit:1) The Chocolate Flower: no joke this is a flower that smells exactly like chocolate; how did I not know about this?!  2) Upon walking further we approached some cacti that were enormously tall; think sequoia tree height (ok I exaggerate, but these cacti were the tallest I've ever seen). I was in awe.3) The random tidbits and interactive displays that provide useful information as to what you're seeing or the history behind it. 4) The layout of the Garden was easy to follow and made it easy to not really miss anything. Upon entering the Garden there's main trail that loops around, but along the main trail there are 4 sub-trails that will loop you back where you turned off of the main trail. My favorite trail was the "Plants & People of the Sonoran Desert Loop Trail." The weather was warm but bearable. Bring bottled water, sunglasses, hats, and comfortable shoes since there's hardly any shade and most of the trails are dirt trails. We arrived at 9:30am and managed to see most of the Garden, including the Butterfly exhibit, by 11am. I absolutely loved visiting this place and wouldn't mind going again especially to the various events they host throughout the year...just another reason to re-visit Phoenix!!! :)
4	This is a nice way to spend a day off. Especially if, like me, you're from a place that doesn't have desert plant life and want to learn more about the mystical desert gyms like cacti, agave, et cetera.Lots of scenery to explore without heading out into the middle of the Sonoran, and I certainly learned a lot. It's nice to be able to look at all the different cacti in the valley and know what they are, now. I didn't even know that cacti are really only native to the Americas; if that surprises you too, and you're eager to "suck up the water" (cactus joke) of knowledge on desert botanicals, have a walk through this well-kept gem of a garden!
3	There are water fountains all over the place serving good cold water! It takes about 2hrs to see everything so come prepared. It's a great place to spend quality time with the family during the weekend.
5	I read about Las Noches de las Luminarias in a magazine while sitting in an airplane on my way back to Phoenix.  It was listed as one of the top 20 must see events in the world. And I couldn't believe that it was right here in my backyard and I've never been.  I couldn't wait to purchase tickets to go.  It sound like it was the best place on earth.  And it was indeed.  The evening spent at the Desert Botanical Garden was worth every penny ($25 per adult w/o dinner).  The chilled night air was filled with music from over 40 different bands and entertainers.  We heard jazz, native sounds, singing cowboys, bells ringing in harmony and some good ol' holiday favorites.  The best part was sipping rum cider while walking arm in arm with hubby throughout the various bends of the garden.  This event has now become a family tradition.  We missed it last year because we waited till the last minute to get our tickets and they were SOLD OUT! This year, we secured our tickets early.  Las Noches de las Luminarias is very popular and known world wide.  It runs from the day after Thanksgiving and ends on December 23rd.  It's a wonderful way to bring much happiness in the world and to celebrate the season of giving and goodwill to mankind.
4	Beautiful setting and great fun if you hit the Chocolate fest. See all the art pieces and literally stop and smell the blossoms. :)
5	Wife and I went with the In-laws as we wanted to explore a little of Phoenix before we had to come back home to the cold. This place was cool. Intricately built art exhibits surrounded by some of the most beautiful desert flora I've ever seen. Several Native American rebuilds of homesteads throughout the grounds helped give to the illusion of how things used to be. Military ID got me in free, which is always clutch, and those who did have to pay, didn't pay a whole bunch.
5	I love this place.  Everyone needs to go here and they will love it too.Photographers - they have classes you can take where you have access to the garden at night.  What's more awesome than a picture of the full moon with a mighty saguaro in front of it.  They also have smart phone photography classes.  If you don't need a class, there is so much to photograph here.  I've captured amazing shots of hummingbirds, flowers, butterflies, art, and people just to name a few.  An awesome  place to practice your craft.The events - There is something always going on.  Luminaries, Music in the Garden, Pumpkin Festival, Chocolates and Chiles, Dia de Los Muertos, giant art installations, plant sales, and these are just a few that happen in the fall.  If you had a membership, it could be paid back in unique visits within a couple weeks.Classes - I already talked about the photography classes (those are the ones I've taken) but there are so many others!  You want to learn how to garden?  Maybe create a drip system?  Blow glass?  Practice Tai-Chi?  Seriously you can do all of this in the most picturesque place Phoenix has to offer.I'm a huge fan of the garden and recently joined their Monarch Society that includes membership to the garden and has extra special events for young professionals.  That means enjoying everything awesome the garden has to offer with other awesome people.  They are in the process of building a restaurant there which I am so looking forward to dining at.  What a great location for drinks and fresh local food.If you think it's just walking around looking at cactus, think again.
5	We attended the Las Noches de las Luminarias again this year and since I've been away out of the country for the last four months, upon returning I can appreciate more the beauty and serenity of this particular desert botanical garden.  The night was perfect, not too cold, not too hot and there were 12 different musician stations playing throughout the garden.  Amazing part was when you are at each station, you felt like it was its own private concert, with no interference from the other musician stations.A lovely evening of great food and company spent in a lovely atmosphere!
4	We have been talking about going to Las Noches de las Luminarias for the past three years, but it sells out! This year we made it and wow, it's amazing... all of the volunteers are so happy to be there. We arrived at 5:30 and parking was easy and close. We got to see the sunset and it was beautiful. I wish someone would have told me to wear tennis shoes, warm clothing, and a time frame. I didn't know it takes about 2-3 hours to walk the entire garden and I had on a skirt and heals as we had dinner reservations at 7. My fault!It's sectioned off with different types of music: steel drums, bell ringers, carolers, mariachi band, and more. I think we will take our family members there next year for their Christmas presents as you can also drink and dine there as well. Now I can't wait to go back to see the garden in the daytime! The luminaries were gorgeous and very romantic too! I didn't expect all of the abstract art, so it was a bonus!And they have numerous scooters and wheelchairs, so bring those that normally wouldn't be able to walk. This place is very accommodating!
5	Had my wedding reception at the Steele Herb Garden and loved every moment and aspect of it. The space is newly updated and DBG did such a great job with it. It smelled lovely and fresh. This space sat 75 (and some) comfortably. Conveniently located is a building in the space for the Bridal Party to get ready in and back parking lot to unload all our supplies. The Garden is such a sight for guests especially those from out of town. The cacti exhibits are larger than life and the entire Garden captures the beauty of the desert  so well.Amber, the event specialist was great to work with and the DBG events team accommodated my lighting needs.  Thank you DBG for making our wedding night AWESOME!
5	My family went to the luminaries show, and it was spectacular.  Everyone around us had fun too!  It was easy to spend hours just walking around the gardens and gaze at the lights.  The selection of music that the gardens had was great too.  It was easily worth the admission price, and I would love to go back again immediately!
5	The Desert Botanical Garden has become a staple on my frequent visits to Phoenix. I'm really not a museum-lover, but the botanical gardens have a ton of appealing qualities who can't stand in front of the same piece of art for ten minutes and pretend to think it's interesting or a showcase of masterful talent. For example, the 15-foot tall hairy cactus? I don't have to pretend that it's pretty - it's nature, and maybe it was meant to be like that. Cool. The 6 or 7 different exhibits? I don't have to go see all of them in one visit. Or I can. Both options are completely doable. I can get married there. I can have a snack there. I can get a healthy dose of vitamin D there. I can listen to music and enjoy the setting during Las Noches de las Luminarias. If you're an outdoorsy person who needs entertainment that's a difference pace than a hike but aren't ready to go the indoors route, the botanical gardens are a must. I would recommend shorter visits for the winter months, as most of the flowers aren't blooming. Probably from April - early November (if you can stand the heat) you'll have a good shot of seeing great things in all the exhibits. Put it on your to-do list and take a friend!
3	Go if you don't live in the desert. If you do, or have, skip it. $18 a person ....not really worth that many dollars.  You can go to the desert or look at your own front yard.
5	Awesome place. Went here when I lived here with no expectations, but thought it was really well done and really cool stuff here. Be sure to go once during the day and once at night. People of all ages will like this.
3	Nice place to be.  My kids enjoy walking around occasionally.  The butterfly exhibit is fun.  They also put on a nice Halloween event for kids, complete with a pumpkin patch, hayride, petting zoo, games, etc.  Getting a culture pass from the library to get 2 people in for free is fantastic!
5	Other than spending $20 on an umbrtella only to have the rain stop 10 min later, I enjoyed the time spent here. So different than any other botanical garden I've been to..and I go to almost every one I encounter on vacation...this was so unusual but so beautiful . I wish they had a little more info on the plants other than names...uses etc.
5	My 3 day visit to PHX concluded here, and a worthy finale it was. Really, it is quite nice and completely worthy of the 5 star "as good as it gets" designation in its category. Educational (for me and Mr. Amalia C, presumably also for kids) with hands-on activities along the routes, nicely curated displays, and obviously some cra-a-a-zy cacti. It is pricy but don't forget to use that (unadvertised) AAA discount. Also take along water as I found some of the fountains non-functional. We spent about 90 minutes here and didn't really rush or need more time (however, skipped the wildflower exhibit as were told nothing much was blooming, and the butterfly zone was closed for the off season).
5	The Desert Botanical Garden is a real treasure. I would rank it right up with the Monterey Bay Aquarium in California as an absolute "must-not-miss" regional attraction.We visited the Garden recently on our "day off" between Spring Training games. I had thought it would be worth spending, maybe, an hour or two on, and was actually worried that I hadn't planned anything else to do that day. As it was, we stayed nearly four hours, and are already planning our visit for "next time."The Garden is huge, and is organized along various themed "loop" trails. We took the "Desert Discovery" loop first, which took us past plants (cacti, succulents, and trees) native to the various deserts of the world. Well-informed and friendly docents staffed stations along the trail, answering questions and demonstrating such things as how the interior of a cactus absorbs water or how the native peoples have used desert plants for everything from construction to medicine. That led to the second trail we chose to explore: "Plants and People of the Sonoran Desert," which explores the ways in which the native and Hispanic peoples who have called this area home throughout the centuries have used the various plants and habitats for everything from food and medicine to shelter, worship, and artwork. After a brief break for lunch, we took a turn on the "Sonoran Desert Nature Loop Trail," which showcases the plants and animals of the Sonoran Desert. We also paid a visit to the succulent and cactus galleries.The whole place is fascinating, and extremely well-done. We'd have stayed longer if we'd had the energy!We also saw an amazing array of birds (the quail and the cactus wrens were my favorites). Books posted throughout the exhibits encouraged visitors to record their wildlife sightings, and we were very happy to record that we'd spotted a jackrabbit!Tours of the Garden are available as part of your admission...we didn't avail ourselves of one this visit, but they sounded interesting.If you visit, be sure to wear a good sunscreen and a hat, and to carry water with you (you'd be amazed at how quickly you can dehydrate in a desert climate!).The park has two dining options: A casual cafe and a sit-down restaurant. We chose to eat at the cafe, which features salads and wraps (I had a very satisfying hummus and tabbouli plate). It was interesting to see quail begging for tidbits, as sparrows, starlings, and pigeons do in other habitats (it was also hilarious watching the very territorial ground squirrels chasing the quail!)The Garden is also enhanced by original artwork, including Philip Haas's intriguing "Four Seasons."Another thing to remember if you visit: allow plenty of time for the very nice gift shop! We managed to pick up unique and affordable gifts for family back home, as well as a couple of souvenirs for ourselves, without spending a lot of money.We're very glad we chose to spend our free day here, and we will definitely return, should we be fortunate enough to visit the Phoenix area again
5	Attended last weekend for the Cactus and Corks event. I'm from Ohio and live in CO so this was an awesome place to check out the deserts terrain. I recommend keeping an eye for for local events and bringing any out of town guests to this garden. Beautiful. Well worth my afternoon
5	I have visited this locale on a few occasions now and I must say there is nothing like it in all the Valley and perhaps the state itself. They host tons of events throughout the year and the YELP party that was held here in 2010 was EPIC. I highly recommend going at night....but watch for the critters.....LOL...both animal and human....LOL. There doesn't have to be an event there to go visit though....if you just want some peace and quiet....enjoy a beautiful sunrise or sunset.....or just take a romantic stroll with that special someone.....then this is your place. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!!
5	If you're in Monterey, you have to do the Aquarium; if you're in New York, you have to do the Statue of Liberty; if you're in Phoenix, you HAVE to do the Desert Botanical Garden!We visited this wonderful place with our aunt/uncle on Saturday, March 2...it was both our first time here, and the first day that the Butterfly exhibit was open. Thanks to some "connections" that my aunt has, we had free passes to get into DBG, though we did spring for the extra $3.50pp for the Butterfly exhibit (which was a huge indulgence on my part, because butterflies/moths/dragonflied give me the creeps!).The grounds are beautiful. As you'd expect, it's all about desert landscapes and stuff that can actually grow in the AZ climate. One sad thing is that you could tell how badly alot of plants were harmed due to the "freak" snowstorm a couple weeks earlier; some more delicate flowers were clumps of brown, and a lot of cacti (everywhere around the area) had flowerpots over their arm tips. However, the place was still 99% beautiful!!Loved the Haas "Seasons" sculptures; survived the Butterfly exhibit; loved how easy it was to just follow the "Desert Wildflower Trail" and leisurely take pics at our own pace; loved the Chihuly glass sculptures!All in all, loved this place, and cannot wait to come back in the evening to get a different perspective and some awesome sunset pics. Being in the desert though, I would definitely try and plan your trip for the non-summer days; even in the mild low 80s we had to walk around in, it still got a little toasty. I cannot IMAGINE walking around during the summer at high noon!
3	Nice place to visit in spring time frame.  The prices are affordable and the views are breathtaking.
4	Always a great place to bring friends and family.  The evening concerts in the summer are nice, too!Plenty of parking.
2	Luckily we came here with a half off groupon for $9 (full price is $18) because I would never pay full price to see a bunch of cactuses when I can just catch them on the side of the road. The highlight of the trip was when we saw a prairie dog on our way out of the garden.
5	Five star, times more stars.  I visited during the Spring bloom.  This is officially the next check on my bucket list for seeing Unbelievable Floral Displays of the Natural World.  Footpaths were wide and plant specimens were well marked and tended.  Outside, a triad of Chihuly glass greets visitors.  http://www.blurb.com/b/4224563-scottsdale-arizona-april-2013I could have spent another day exploring, but time was short.  The Garden was rich with visting huming birds, lizards, and other footed friends.  At $18 PP, entry pricing is comparable to other horticultural sites around the country.  It certainly goes to the good cause of preserving and protecting regional flora.
5	At first the $18 adult entry fee seemed a bit steep, but once inside you can understand why and appreciate how well manicured the grounds are. On the weekends there are many weddings taking place throughout the site. That is how beautiful this place is.We happen to visit when the butterfly exhibit was in bloom and what a treat to see the many gorgeous variety of butterflies flying all around you, possibly landing on you too. They have butterfly patrollers on duty with soft rainbow dusters to make sure you don't leave with a butterfly souvenir.
5	GORGEOUS.  You must see this garden!  It was a beautiful and educational walk.  We thoroughly enjoyed it.
5	This place is beautiful. We had a BOGO coupon, and I had my student ID so we saved about $36. The bathrooms are clean and the water fountains are filtered with cold water. Makes walking around on a hot day much more enjoyable. If you have the opportunity to come later in the day I would recommend it. They have lights throughout the grounds and it's really fun for the kids to see.It's not a very big garden, but it was fun to sit on the lounge chairs by the water foutains and just relax. Before we knew it, 30 mins had passed by.They offer a variety of classes for an additional fee. I'm sure it would be fun to go to. I believe it's free on the second Tuesday of every month, so it's a great opportunity to take the kids when they get of of school.
5	One of the most beautiful places in the valley!  A tour here is a must!  They have great clubs (I am a member of the Monarch society) and great events!
4	The Botanical Gardens is not for everyone. But for those that enjoy seeing nature in a perfect setting, it is well worth the trip.We have been during the butterfly exhibit, and loved the place. Relaxing and quiet, it brings out my "quiet" side!We also attended during the glass exhibit and were not disappointed. An incredible display of work. Truly a connection between nature and man!
4	Nice place to stop on your way into Phoenix.It's welcoming beauty of Arizona as you walk through the gardens. Plenty of opportunity to learn and enjoy the scenary.  I took plenty of pictures and as I took in what Phoenix had to offer gained a better appreication for the cactus!
5	I am by no means a "garden" lover and when my wife expressed her desire to go here I was less than excited. The cost was minimal and the sights were out of this world. There was a big glass tree art exhibit going on at the same time which made the scenery seem surreal. Having lived in Arizona for a couple of years I had no clue there were that many odd shaped and neat looking things growing right here. Of course, everything in the desert seems like it wants to 'hurt' you and the plants exhibit that same appearance. The path and information at each stop was stunning and there was even some interactive activities along the way for my daughter to enjoy. I cannot wait to get back to Arizona and take the family again!
5	The Desert Botanical Garden is absolutely breathtaking.I don't think I have ever been so blown away by how beautiful a garden is before, but this certainly did. This is a grand display of the best the desert has to offer. Full of color, texture, smells, and sounds. I wish this were in the town I lived.A very well manicured and diverse garden with plenty of different paths to get lost on.Writing and photos don't do it justice, just go see it.
4	I've never been to another botanical garden, so I can't compare, but my grandma's reaction seemed to be, "Everything is brown here." Well, we are in the desert, so I think that's just the way it goes. Nevertheless, I think it's a pretty cool place to walk around and enjoy the outdoors on a nice day. I really like the butterfly exhibit when that's going on - usually in the spring. I have yet to go to a night time exhibit, but really want to check out the flash light tours (available during the summer months) and the luminarias (at Christmas time.) Great deals on admission can be found on groupon every so often, or you can get free admission if you're able to snag a culture pass at the library. You can also get free admission on the second Tuesday of every month from 1-8 pm, but  be warned, it can get quite crowded during that time.
5	Absolutely beautiful! It was way more than I expected! I had taken my Grandmother & Mother there for an early Mother's Day celebration and was pleasantly surprised that the butterfly exhibit was still going on. The staff was very nice, knowledgeable and accommodating so much so that my Mother decided to purchase a membership! I have already recommended this beautiful place to several people and will continue to visit and support Desert Botanical Garden.
3	Perhaps I went at the wrong time of year (winter), which seems to be a trend for me visiting gardens.  Regardless, I'm not sure i fully understand all the rave reviews.  Please don't misunderstand me, this place is worth a stop and it is fascinating to see all the varied desert plant life.Ever wonder what might happen if a golf club and a dragon fly mated?  Wonder no more.  That, along with many other head scratching sculptures await you along your walk.  Bring you own water, as nearly every drinking fountain was broken.  Bring good walking shoes and sunscreen.I do wish I had more time (and more energy) to see more, but after walking the trails I was toast.Oh, and see if they are open before you go.  We were unable to get there our first try because of a marathon.
3	This is a nice place to come and see the monarch butterfly exhibit and learn about the various types of desert plants and how they survive and acclimate to the desert. Also did insect inspection camp which was fun for the kids. Great teacher to student ratio for the camp.
5	This place is absolutely awesome for all ages! There's always something going on: Flashlight tours in the summer, concerts and art exhibits...and DO NOT miss their holiday festival: Las Noches de las Luminarias. My husband and I stumbled upon it one year by complete accident. We were heading for Zoo Lights, but it was waaay too crowded...so, we decided to check out the garden. This was back in the 90's - it was amazingly beautiful; walkways lined with several luminaries, acoustic holiday music, lights everywhere - extremely festive and all the perfect touches to put you in the holiday mood. My only complaint was how crowded the event got...but, they keep all moving along...and it wasn't anywhere near as bad as Zoo Lights.Since moving to the Valley permanently, we purchased a seasonal pass for the family. I recommend it if you live in the area. It's just one of those places that's always "right." Have a bad day at work? Stop by and take a soothing stroll. Looking for something to do with the kids? Bring 'em to the butterfly exhibit in the spring or on a flashlight tour over the summer. We've been to the flashlight tours three times already and are always in awe at how friendly and knowledgeable the garden volunteers are. And what a well-organized affair! They set up about 10 informative stations. Some have desert critters, others educate about desert plants and the night sky, another with a craft and activities for the kids. If you can, bring a hand-held blacklight and you may find an extra treat along the paths (great for spotting scorpions). I don't think I've ever met one volunteer that wasn't in a good mood...but, it's hard to be aggravated or stressed when walking around such a beautiful place. It has it all; something for every season....OH, and what GORGEOUS blooms in the spring! Do not forget your camera...and don't miss Gertrude's or the gift shop (if you buy a membership, you get 10% off at the shop!)!Hands down: our family's favorite place to unwind in the city! I will renew my membership year after year after year....and, heck, maybe I'll look into volunteering myself someday - just totally in love with this place!
5	This is a wonderful little place to visit, a must if you have a few hours to kill in Phoenix. I went on a miraculously cloudy summer day, otherwise I probably would have burnt like a piece of toast in the desert summer heat, and I had a great time there...and I hate desert plants! I like tall redwoods and tropical forests, I normally hate the abrasive, spiked plants you see turning the desert into a minefield of pain and pincushions, but this place changed my mind. It was so nice there that I feel like I can actually appreciate desert plants now...I didn't say love...I said appreciate. And there were some little animals there too. Worth the price if you go when it's under 110 degrees outside for sure. And my hotel had a coupon too.
4	What a great place to go. While it may be boring, I've always enjoyed coming here. Plenty to see, and it always seems to look different each time. I like the variety of exhibits that they have to offer, and some exteremly nice views, espicially during sunset. Worth a stop!
4	The Desert Botanical Garden is a beautiful place to visit if you want to do something touristy in Phoenix. It's one of the best attractions in AZ, boasting thousands of plants that you would never have the opportunity to see in one place otherwise. DBG hosts several events throughout the year, like Music in the Garden. My mom and I went when there were several art installments throughout the garden--what a treat!Overall, go to DBG if you want to get a real taste of Arizona. If you want to try something different, go to one of their nighttime events.
4	The Botanical Gardens are really pretty and well put together. Since we went during the week and during summer time it was pretty much empty. The had some sun shades over some of the plants, but you can see through them. We also got to see a lot of wild life that was running around since it was just me and my wife. It was really cool to see it when no one was around. I am sure we wouldn't have seen as much interaction between plants and animals if we would have gone when it was busy. We also got lucky to see 2 infant Great Horned Owls while we were there. My wife got some good photos of them. All in all it was a good place and good time. The only downside that I can see to this place is the entry fee. It is a little too expensive. I think $18 per adult is a little high and would love to see it come down a little. Of course it has to be maintained so I understand to a point the cost. Not sure if we will ever come back here, but it is always nice to at least see it once.
5	This is one of my favorite escapes from the city while still within the city! I've lived in AZ for a year and have been visiting DBG on average once a month since my arrival in the serenity of the Sonoran. The way the plants take on a different character and color at various times throughout the year.....lovely! The paths are well-maintained, the staff and volunteers all seem to enjoy their surroundings, and the guests of all ages seem as contented as I feel while meandering through cacti, succulents, grasses, herbs, flowering plants, and the AWESOME SCULPTURES that just pop a color into view at the best turns! I have a few events on my calendar for this coming Fall, including Music in the Garden, and I will definitely be taking more houseguests to DBG as part of my "AZ favorites" tour :)I was impressed with the Butterfly Pavilion when we visited on 4/9/13.....plenty of species to get up close and personal with! My nephew also got a kick out of the flashlight tour that we enjoyed in May of this year.......get there to get out of the city!
5	First tine visit for the flashlight tour. We will come back for a day trip too. The on site bar and restaurant look real cool and the entire property is clean and a good vibe.
5	What a fun setup. We had a great time walking around and learning a bit about the plants growing around us. The staff was extremely pleasant and knowledgeable. Its a good activity to do if you want to show people not from here a bit about the natural landscape but even for someone who lives here its just beautiful to walk around and see everything. We also did the butterfly garden and that was fun. We met one gentleman who told us how to tell the difference between a male and female monarch butterfly and he was just pleasant to be around. The trip was a great way to be active but also relax and have a good time.
5	Such a beautiful garden!  Offers a free day the second Tuesday of the month. I'm already looking forward to going next month when it's a bit cooler. The have a neat activity for kids- ask at the front gate. The gift shop carries beautiful pottery and art.  Great place to find interesting gifts or souvenirs. The grounds are impeccable!
5	This was my second visit to these lovely gardens within four years. I brought my family for this recent excursion.  First, we brought my 7 y/o daughter for their sponsored pumpkin ride and picking, which was a bit of a let down. The ride was advertised as a hay ride, but there was no hay to be seen. It was a bit too long, and the pumpkin patch consisted of pre picked pumpkins naturally from a cooler state! Coming from New Jersey, pumpkin hay rides locally are much cooler, but what can you do, this was the best AZ's harsh arid climate has to offer. The local kids were havign a blast, and I understand why.  My daughter thought it was dumb to be honest, as did we, but we all managed to have a bit of fun with it.   Onto the actual B.G.s. They were terrific, albeit hot as Hades. It was in the mid '80s the day we were there, and it felt like triple digits to us Yankees lol.  My lips were chapped as all hell after a few hours walking about, it blew my mind. The ground heats up in excess of 10 to 20 degrees in excess of the air temperature on any given day at the gardens. Bare that in mind when visiting. The admission price was reasonable. There is terrain consisting of novice to moderate grades of walking. Other areas are paved and consist of very mild walks, leisure and enjoyable.  The latest glass cactus additions were marvelous. Coming from outside the Southwestern USA, it is a must see experience, to walk amongst the natural beauty that consists of the deserts of Arizona.   There is plenty of free parking. Since my first and last visit there in 2009, the park has added an upscale gift shop and restaurant. I kid you not, the restaurant was five stars in itself! Offering cooked per order, organic dishes and drinks. It was so refreshing and tasty after hours in the blazing hot sun. A bit pricey but well worth it, my family and I concluded. Prompt and curtious service included. The gift shop is a bit of a tourist trap today, offering an array of tacky to note worthy items, all at tourist based prices! Try the homemade lemonade, AMAZING!!!!! Made with hers grown right  from the premises. If time permits on your travels to Phoenix, this is a worthy addition to your sight seeing adventures. Enjoy and wear lots of sun screen protection!! Dress accordingly!
2	The gardens are very pretty.  However, if you are male and under the age of 65, you will likely be bored senseless after about 10 minutes.
5	MUST SEE! We were lucky enough to visit here when chihuly, a world famous glass artist, had an instillation. Even without that, this garden is something you must see.The garden been around since the early 1900s. It's a mostly outdoor garden, with the exception of the neat butterfly exhibit.I would skip the restaurant on site. Service was poor and so was the food.Go visit!
5	One of the most beautiful settings in Arizona. A must for locals and tourists alike.
5	As if the Sonoran Desert wasn't weird enough with all its threatening vegetation, well, it just got a whole lot weirder.There's blown glass littered throughout the garden's exhibits, each of the works mimicking a type of cactus. Strange but beautiful.Also featured is live music, Apache storytellers, poets, and some guy who figured out how to make music out of a bunch of clay pots. Beverage stations are also littered throughout the garden. Making the whole event somewhat tolerable, given how it was more important for my wife to blow-off the ASU, UofA game and take our lingering Thanksgiving guests to some kind of bullshit ooh and ahh fest.Once I was there, I got into to it, but I did have to be coerced. Glad I did.Here's a pic.
5	When on vacation the wife and I always try to do something new.  Though we have already visited DBG previously we were excited to see the Chihuly exhibit and the Luminarias. It was so worth it. Seeing this at night while the sun is setting is absolutely a sight to see. Though the Luminarias only run during the holiday season I highly recommend seeing this place at night. There just a peaceful feeling about walking around in the dark and discovering new things around each corner,  be it a musical group (they had four last night), or a gorgeous blown glass art exhibit lit up and complimenting the plant life around it. Last night put us into the holiday spirit. It is a definite must see.  For some reason last night there was a special on admission. 50% off, only $15 a person. But even at $30 it is well worth the price. Happy Holidays to all. Ho Ho Ho. :)
5	Every time I visit the Desert Botanical Garden, I kick myself for not visiting more often. It's usually one of their amazing annual events that pulls me in - Luminarias, Chiles and Chocolates, or some other special exhibit - but there is so much to see and explore and learn in this garden, even when there isn't a special event going on. The collection of plants is extensive and impressive, the way it's organize and displayed throughout the garden makes turning every corner an adventure, and their dedication to showing off the beauty of the desert is enough to make any Phoenician proud. If you are a photographer, this is one of the best places in Phoenix you can go for a wide variety of photo opportunities, any time of day and any time of year. Whatever you're interests may be, for out-of-town visitors this should be at the top of your list of attractions to experience, and for locals you should make it a habit of visiting at least once per year.
4	Botanical Gardens are where the Artist in both Humans and Nature collide.The Phoenix edition highlights the flora of the Sonoran desert, though a few desert plants from South America are also scattered throughout the grounds.  The variety of Sonoran plants are impressive.  However, I must admit that the natural state of the desert itself is its own botanical garden.  The sparseness of the vegetation and the dramatic ecosystem changes over short distances can be found in the abundant State and National Parks of the area.What you won't find, however, are the Human Art pieces.  There were a number of architectural features and designed spaces that meshed together beautifully.  Also, right now, the glassworks of Chihuly are prominent throughout the garden.  Beautiful and otherworldly, they make a gorgeous display.  They do, however, steal the show and diminish the impressiveness of the natural beauty of the garden.  (Try coming at night for a light show in the gardens--we weren't able to.)Overall, this is a fairly impressive botanical garden and should be a stop if you are in the Phoenix area.  I'm a fan.
5	I can't believe I waited 11 years to go here. I love nature. I love being outside. I'm in love. In fact, my first visit 2 months ago inspired my mom to get us both memberships. I loved the tour of the main loop. We learned a lot about some of the plants. I've worked in landscaping and know a lot about desert plants, but we learned a lot of cultural stuff, too. I went back for the Chihuly exhibit. It's the coolest thing I have ever seen, and some of the sculptures were so beautiful I cried a little. The staff is a lot of volunteers, so you know they enjoy being there. In fact, I am going to talk to them about volunteering as soon as the holidays are over.I can't wait to go again!
5	The Botanical Gardens are a wonder to visit. Period. Even in the summer. Just be judicious in the hours that you visit, and you'll be super happy that you did.I had visited once, when I first moved and figured, "Ok. Done."Then a fella asked me on a date there. I casually thrown in "photography" as an interest on my profile. It turned out this guy was a legit photographer. Ahem. Anyway, strolling around the Botanical Garden with a camera changed my view. It's a really great date place! Having a camera slows forces you to stop and carefully evaluate the many wonders available. After my 2nd visit I recognized a membership was worth it.If you think you've seen everything, nope. You haven't. Plus, the Botanical Garden has different exhibits rotate. I've uploaded the Chihuly glass spectacular at night.The Luminarias are a Must Do. Just know that this year the four hour window is really compact with the Chihuly exhibit. Lots of stuff to see + the music + any food you might want to eat. Be sure to factor in time to park ahead and waiting in line (for will call). Go!
5	Lovely, serene, and everything I needed before I started my week of class. Go in the daytime when cooler weather, and go at night when hotter.  They light up the place at night.I felt privileged to go when Chihuly glass displayed (till May 2014).
4	Wow. That's really the first word that comes to mind when thinking about a recent trip I was able to make to the Desert Botanical Garden. Part of the lack of significant verbage is that I simply do not know how to describe my experience there! It was definitely like nothing I've seen before. I went with a friend one night during the holiday season "Las Noches de las Luminarias" and Chihuly in the Garden exhibits. Basically what this broke down to is that the entire park was illuminated by literally thousands of softly glowing, hand lit Luminaria bags and interspersed throughout the park were huge, strangely beautiful glass blown sculptures by this Dale Chihuly artist guy. Now I'm not a big art guy by any stretch of the imagination (my idea of art is someone making a beautiful play on a football and hauling in an admirable reception), but I have to say that walking through these exhibits at night was pretty cool and definitely very unique.Above and beyond the artistic ingenuity, there were also carolers, Apache storytellers, live music, and beer and wine stations interspersed throughout the park. Needless to say, it's pretty easy to make a full night out of your trip here.Staff members were friendly and welcoming and the grounds were impeccably maintained. It's clear that this is a park that knows what it is doing! If I lived in the area, I'd definitely be visiting here during the daytime for its abundant vegetation, wildlife, and views of the desert. I must admit that $30 per ticket (though it's less if you're a park member) seemed a bit steep, though ultimately it was worth it!
4	The garden is beautiful in the day and now is the special time of year with Las Noches de las Luninaria and the Chihuly special exibit.  We get to the garden at 5:35pm. We started walking and enjoying the beauty of the lights and glass with special music in different areas....... Then the rain came and came and came..... Did I mention that it started to rain?  :)Long story short they had to cancel the event for tonight. By the time we got out of the parking lot the rain had subsided but not stopped. Bummer as it is sold out through Dec 28. And family from France will be gone.
5	My favorite place in the Arizona. So gorgeous. The people who work here are also very friendly, casual, and make you feel at home. A must see while visiting Phoenix!
5	I just visited the Desert Botanical Gardens for their Chihuly exhibit, after not coming here for about 10 years. The Gardens itself are very nice and there's a lot of information to absorb about the various plants. This time we got the chance to see some awesome animals such as a Great Horned Owl sleeping above us in a tree, a rather big bunny hopping a long tugging at bushes, and several quails. The volunteers are extremely helpful and knowledgable. I mean the volunteer standing near where the owl was sleeping knew EVERYTHING about owls....that I will tell others and look super nerdy next time there is an owl sighting :)The Chihuly exhibit in general was beautiful. There's nothing quite like his art and it looks incredible amongst the cacti. I would like to come back at night to see everything all lit up. I'm sure that looks even more amazing.  It's definitely worth a visit!
5	Wow -- cannot believe that I waited two years to visit the Desert Botanical Gardens. I've been only once, and that was at night during Luminarias a couple weekends ago. Beautiful! I plan to go back during the day next week. The Chihuly exhibit is there right now and it is incredible. A couple friends and I went there after dinner. The sun had just set and it was nearly dark. The luminaries glowed on the paths' edges and employees helped direct folks and answer questions. The many pieces were well-lit and incredibly beautiful. Several musicians and bands were dispersed throughout the grounds, and my favorite was the band Traveler. Several beverage stands were available with wine and hot chocolate. I can't wait to go back and see all the flora and fauna in the daylight! You simply must go!
5	Beautiful by day and night.  Luminaries and Chihuly are a must see!!  Makes for a very nice evening!
5	Love this place! Went last night for the luminaries and it was amazing with the Chihuly exhibit going on.
5	I moved here from out of state (CA is my home state) and wanted to become familiar with the native plant life, so this was where I was going to do it!I came here in December (last weekend) and it was amazing. The Chihuly exhibit was amazing. I really enjoyed the fun facts they have posted everywhere. Even though it was winter, it was amazing how green everything is. The best part is that even though they were busy, it still felt very tranquil.I will definitely be coming back to visit during the other seasons to see the amazing plant life.
3	I think the Desert Botanical Garden is overrated. or overpriced. Sorry.I had the chance to see the Chihuly exhibit 2 summers ago when it was at the Dallas Arboretum and loved it. Therefore, I got really excited to see it again while visiting my sister near Phoenix over the holidays. While the Chihuly pieces are still cool, they didn't have quite the same effect in this location.It was pretty interesting to see all the different types of desert plants (for the first 10 minutes), but then it just felt like - you know, looking at cactus on cactus on cactus.A visit here makes for a nice day of walking around in nature - and the mountain views were certainly pretty. I just didn't feel that it was worth $22. Oh, the water fountains were another positive.
5	Chihuly in the Garden is absolutely stunning at night. You won't be able to view much of the plant life, but the sculptures lit and set amongst the cactus - gorgeous. The exhibit kept giving and giving around every corner! Took a solid 2 hours to see everything from 6-8pm. The crowd was nice and thin by this time. Highly recommend.
5	20% discount with AAA card :)
5	Had the opportunity to experience both the Chihuly event with Las Noches De Luminarias at night. So incredible!! I love coming here to the DBG but to experience these two unique events was truly magnificent!! Picture walking through the gardens at dusk, live music, hot drinks and exquisite glass art by Dale Chihuly nestled in different spots among the desert plants and cactus. As you walk along the paths guided by the glow of the luminaries, you leave taking a part of the Arizona winter desert nights with you.
4	I visited the Botanical Garden for the Dale Chilhuly Art Exhibit. I thought it was beautiful and excellently coordinated. I went at dusk with a group of people, but would really like to go again during the day to be able to read the plaques with plant descriptions more easily. It was a great date night and I'm sure I'll make it another date "day" sooner rather than later. :)
5	Took winter visitors to see the Chihuly exhibit. The weather was beautiful, the garden grounds magnificent! Hard to fully explain the impact it has. Especially loved the Saint Earth sculpture! Go, go, go. The money is well worth it.
5	Almost missed this one - I mean, a botanical garden at $22 admission. After 4 hrs it was time to leave and I still hadn't followed every path. Another two hrs might have done it - and I'd have wanted to stay for dinner, too. This has to be one of the coolest,  most well curated gardens in this hemisphere. The Chihuly art is a perfect match and anyone who likes glassworks can't afford to pass up the chance to see these installations. I was traveling on business and wish my wife and kids could have experienced the gardens. They'll have to settle for pictures till next time.
5	Definitely a must-see if you are in the Arizona Phoenix/Tempe/Scottsdale area.  Really loved seeing all the different plants and the glassblowing exhibits.  The garden is very clean and well organized.  Great spot to learn something new, enjoy art, and take pictures. You can buy a ticket online before you go. If you're thirsty there is free water in front of Gertrude's (next to the shop)
3	All I could remember was ... heat.  We went on a mid 70 day and it was still exhausting to walk in the heat.  There are a few really tall cactus' that are cool but honestly..... I wouldn't go back nor would I bring anyone visiting.  I can't seem to find entertainment in plants ! Don't take my opinion on it and go at least once.  The glassblowing exhibit made it a bit more enjoyable.  We stopped by this food area that had really good garlic fries... being foodies we even tried to food.  There were a lot of quails .. we spotted a cardinal which was pretty cool.  Other than that.. a few tips buy online to skip the line, bring water, use your student ID.
5	Fantastic place to bring a date or out-of-towners to experience the beauty of the desert landscape. It does get quite hot and there is little shade so I recommend wearing a hat and sunblock. I've been here a few times, and it's a 2 to 3 hour outing to explore max. The Chihuly exhibit is very cool and definitely worth checking out, though  the garden was the most crowded I've ever experienced when we went even though they sell a limited number of tickets for specific time slots. The local libraries offer "culture passes" where you can get free admission to the garden, and AAA membership gives you a 20% discount.
5	If you're thinking about going, just go! Students get in for $12 (pretty steep discount). I went on a Saturday on valentines day weekend and it was very packed. I foolishly didn't make a reservation so I couldn't get in at 5:00 pm but I ended up coming back at 7:00 pm and got in without trouble. If you've never been before, go in the middle of the day so you can see the garden during sunlight but also witness all it's glory during night time (with the lit Chihuly art pieces, which will be up until May). It was a great place to take my out-of-town guest and I will definitely be going back!
5	The Dale Chihuly Art Exhibit was beautiful - it's definitely worth it to see the exhibit at night! The Chihuly features were installed in the garden among beautiful flowers and cacti. Great place to take out-of-towners. We went on a Saturday night - early in the evening it was packed, but the crowds thinned out as it got later. If you get the evening tickets, get there early to see the exhibit in the daylight, during sunset, and at night - the way the glass is lit up at night is gorgeous. Get tickets in advance online to skip the lines (the Chihuly exhibit is there through May) and dress for the weather.
4	We were first timers to the Desert Botanical Garden, having lived in Arizona for over 20 years.  We bought Groupons for the Chihuly exhibit.  We loved it.  The trick is to go early AM before heat or in the evening.  We opted for the former.  It was a wonderful morning walk.  Wear comfortable shoes and bring a backpack with drinks, fruit, and snacks.  We thought it was fun.  There are lots of old people and lots of birdwatchers.  We think it might be good for little kids, but our teenage sons would be bored.  One suggestion:  Placate them as an amateur photographer as there are some cool photos to take.
4	If you can go see the Chihuly exhibit- go now! The garden wasn't quite in bloom on a late February visit. However, the Chihuly added color and character where the plants couldn't. Some of the agave/cactus were very colorful and healthy looking for winter in the desert. I'm glad I wore comfortable shoes that I can wipe down easily. You will end your trip covered in dust/ dirt. I would try to go as early in the day as possible if you are going on a weekend day. We arrived around 11 a.m. on a Sunday and by noon the place was packed and you really couldn't walk around at your own pace. You were stuck behind whomever sauntered in front of you. All in all this was a fantastic spot for a New Englander to visit. I saw some truly beautiful sculptures and plants and some of the biggest cactus in the world! Also, it looked like they were hosting an event that day and had done a wedding the day before. What a beautiful venue for events!
5	This place is outstanding!! Right now it has a Chihuly glass exhibit interspersed throughout the Garden. I went early to avoid the heat and the crowds.  I was glad I did as I got to enjoy the birds and other small animals flitting about.  By the time I left at 11:30 it was super packed.  Keep in mind that groups of kids and bird watchers will be around too and that can be a drag if you get stuck around them.I wore tennis shoes and was glad I did.  Part of the park is paved but most of it is dusty trails.  You may want to bring in bottled water because it does get warm. There are benches throughout along with drinking fountains too.  I saw many scooters that seemed to have no trouble navigating even the dirt  paths.  This place alone is worth the price of admission but if you have another garden membership from another city it may be reciprocal.I wasn't very impressed with either the Chihuly gift shop or the main gift shop but I didn't let that affect my overall rating.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite spots in town!  I have lived here for just a little over 2 years, and I think I've been to the Gardens 5 or 6 times.  I'm from Tennessee and used to love going to their botanical gardens, but the DESERT Botanical Gardens are unlike anything I've ever seen!  I just love walking around there, and I feel like I discover something new every time I'm there.  I love the Chihuly exhibit that's there now.  I've seen it twice.  They also have some wonderful events there.  My favorite is Corks and Cactus, their wine tasting event, which I attended last weekend.  What could be better than wine tasting followed by wandering around amidst a bunch of cacti?  ;)  One of the best trips I had there was in April one year because so many of the cacti were in bloom.  Prior to that, I don't even think I knew that cacti did bloom!  It's just a great place to be.  If you're local and you haven't been, you need to take advantage of having this place nearby!  Get a list of their events!  I took my boyfriend for the first time, and, once he started walking around, he said that he couldn't believe he'd lived here for 2 years and had never been.  If you're visiting, this is definitely a unique way to explore Arizona--it's the Sonoran Desert compressed into an area that you can walk through in a couple of hours!  But if you're going in or close to the summer, be sure to wear a hat and cool clothes, as there's not much shade.  Also, I would recommend skipping their restaurant, Gertrude's.  It's too much to pay for not-very-special food.  Otherwise, enjoy!
5	My husband and I recently were married at the Webster Center at the Desert Botanical Garden in Feb 2014 and we had a wonderful experience!Amber Hahn, the coordinator, was extremely helpful and responsive to our needs. She also acted as our point person for the ceremony as far as timing and even helped out when our minister accidentally forgot some important parts and we had to do it all over again! (Which just added to the charm!)As part of our process, we did a site visit, a walk through, a rehearsal and of course, the main event! We all felt very comfortable with how the day would go and appreciated all of the practice rounds and visits!The ceremony space at the Webster Center is breathtaking! The few photos we have received completely capture the Sonoran Desert beauty and we are just so pleased with the million options we had!The staff, including the beverage manager, Marianne Donnan, and her team were wonderful and easy to work with! Two thumbs up!We also absolutely loved that we could have our ceremony, cocktail hour, plus dinner and dancing in one general area! It made the evening flow so smoothly! Also, the space was extremely accommodating for our guests who required accommodations or wheelchairs. There is nearby parking, bathrooms on one level and ramps as needed. The Chihuly exhibit just added to the magic of the night and I just can't say it enough! This place was amazing and we could not be happier! Thank you Amber, Marianne and all the staff and crew at the Desert Botanical Garden!
2	Hadn't been in a long time so went back to see Chihuly in the Garden, and remembered why I wasn't impressed the first time around. On the plus side it is very well maintained. But for me it was too much so. I think I saw as many little placards describing every plant as I saw plants. It feels far more like an exhibit to me than an honest garden of any kind.I liked the diversity of Arizona regions they have on display, and there is some nice historical information, but overall for far less money you can get out and experience some of the great trails all around our state. Take the time and see it for real instead of in a plant-zoo.
4	It was fun to see all the different types of cacti! It got a little repetitive after a while though. The Chihuly exhibit being there is really what pushed it to 4 stars for me.  I would probably go back, but it's not something I would do super frequently.
5	Another perk for going to AZ for Spring Training is this place and the Chihuly Exhibit which I think runs through May 2014. A ballgame in the day then the exhibit at night from 4-8pm (there's also a daytime slot but not sure if that would be as good as evening slot). DO NOT MISS THIS if you are in Phoenix for anything! Watch the sunset and stare in amazement at the art glass sculptures created by Chihuly to blend in with the cacti, flowers and plants. Every corner you turn leads to another magical display of light, color, sparkle, shadows and shapes. It's crowded early but thinned out the later it got. Hope you get to go!
5	Wow. What an amazing collection of cacti! This definitely beats out the impressive, but incomparable collection at The Huntington Gardens in LA! Expensive admission, but well worth every penny.
4	Love the Chihuly Art throughout the gardens, I was bummed that the cafe was closed. It's definitely a great walk this great scenery! Lovely for photos!
4	Came here memorial day wkend last yr pre-summer so pretty warm Lots of succulents other plants exhibits to see Keep hydrated in the summer!
4	You must go for the Chihuly installations!  I recommend going just before dusk so you have time to look at the different plants and gardens, and then after the sun sets you'll be able to see the lit-up versions of Chihuly's blown glass.  Beautiful!If you go during the summer, keep in mind that it is very HOT.  The first time I came here was in the summer and I was too miserable to enjoy it.
4	The Chihuly exhibit at the Desert Botanical Garden is crazy cool. That said though, I probably couldn't justify paying $22 to enter the garden just for this exhibit...but using a student discount made it worth the trip. The garden itself features many Arizona native plants which was pretty nice to explore. There are 4 different paths in the garden, so there is plenty to explore!Like most others have pointed out, make sure you stay hydrated while you walk around the garden...it can get pretty hot. Also, apply sunscreen liberally. I would say the garden takes about 2.5 hours to comfortably explore.
5	I thought I would add a review, but after looking at the other reviews and the over 700 photos! I think this place is very very well documented and photographed and well it is all true. Stop here, come early for the morning animals, come late for the lights and evening animals and birds. It is fun for all and the staff I met are a big part of that fun. Bring the little ones, take your time, search carefully, and you will surely find lovely details at every turn. See You there!
5	I would have never imagined that in a hot and dry city like Phoenix it would be possible to find such a beautiful place as the Desert Botanical Garden. When I first arrived here I heard about it and decided to take a look. I was so fascinated by the place, that I became a member and have visited it a bunch of times ever since.Take a look at what I wrote about the DBG in my full review in my blog: http://lagamio.com/2014/03/02/desert-botanical-garden/
4	We went to the 8 to midnight viewing.   My take is that it was a one note show.  It was the light up Chihulu glass.  The 4 to 8 would have had the butterflies, the plants and then the glass sculptures.  It was very crowded, which was surprising to me.  There is a coupon for $2 and another deal for 20 % off with AAA.  I did not try to combine them.  My kids went off by themselves and came back with their face painted, which was free and fun.  My wife has a broken foot so we got her the wheel chair for just the $20 deposit, which went without a problem.
5	A wonderful surprise in the Arizona desert! This is a very interesting and well laid-out botanical garden, with docents on hand to explain and instruct about anything you might want to know. We visited while the Chihuly exhibit was up and were amazed to see how he integrated his works into the landscape to stunning effects. Lunch at Gertrude's, the on-site cafe was lovely; we sat on the patio, close to the center fountain and our food was superbly done. Portion choice, menu selections and excellent coffee made this great. Highly recommend to anyone visiting the area.
5	Was just here for Agave on the Rocks and it was very well done. Great food and several incredible bands. And the Fire Dancer was unbelievable!!!! And with Chuhuly Glad in the background, it couldn't get much better.....
5	Hands-down my favorite place in Phoenix. Love my membership! If you are into botanical gardens, especially if you're a couple, I recommend going with a membership as you will save a lot of money. It's $22 to get in as an adult, but only $90 for two people for an annual pass (plus you get two free guest passes - that's $44 right there). My boyfriend and I often stop in just for a walk before or after we go out for dinner.
5	Totally loved this place. My kids are 12 & 10 and it captivated them for a few hours before we had dinner. I'm sure we could have made a longer day of it, but we arrived at 3:30 to avoid mid day heat. The chihuly sculpture was amazing. No need for the tour time slots.  Because we live in Chicago, and right near the Chicago botanical gardens, we knew what to expect, but it was so great to see a new plant life in abundance. This is a beautiful environment and worth as much time as you can give it. The gift shop is standard and the restaurant 'Gertrude's' was very good and very busy. Need reservations for that.
4	My daughter wanted to come here during our spring break.  Although I didn't think I'd really like it (just plants right), I ended up really enjoying it and she loved it.  The staff was super friendly and the views amazing.  It was well laid out with wide paths.  We stayed for a couple hours and just had a relaxing and refreshing walk.
4	The Desert Botanical Garden (DSB) has been educating, researching and exhibiting desert plants for the world to see for 75-years. It's a great place to come and learn about, and view, Desert plants as they thrive in a natural environment/setting. The place is huge -at around 140-acres- and can get extremely busy during certain times of the year, or for special events. The park itself is really beautiful, well organized and is a great place to bring the old and the young. I was fortunate enough to get to view two special exhibitions during my visit: "Chihuly in the Garden" and the Spring Butterfly Exhibit. Chihuly in the Garden- Dale Chihuly is a world-renowned glass artist that produces the most visually wonderful pieces of glass art you can imagine. They're showcased throughout the DSB and you will come across them sporadically as you mosey along. They're also marked out on the map provided by the DSB, but I preferred to just come across them randomly; I felt it was more fun that way. I have seen Mr. Chihuly's work before at San Francisco's De Young Museum, but it was a great pleasure seeing his work again. According to my sister they're quite a sight to see when they're all lite up at night. Spring Butterfly Exhibit- You get to walk through a netted off area where there are hundreds of fluttering butterflies floating around you. You can watch them feed, fly and just rest--and if you hold still enough they just might grace you with their presence by landing on you. Just be sure to treat them gingerly and don't try and pick them up. This area was great fun, especially for my 3-year-old.There's still time to go see both of these exhibitions as the Butterflies run until May 11th, 2014 and the Chihuly Exhibit runs until May 18th, 2014. I highly recommend seeing both if you can, but if not the DSB is still a pretty great place to come and see if you're in Phoenix and looking for something cool to do.
5	Spectacular dessert landscapes..  BUT only go there at opening time during the summer...its unbearably hot after 9:30AM from May thru Oct.So worth visiting however...
5	The Desert Botanical Gardens in Phoenix is a true gem in this city.Many people rave about this place, so I'm just going to focus on what I like about it:1. They open at 7AM.  This means that you can go early and see the blossoms first thing in the morning.2. As you walk in, head to the Desert Wildflower Loop Trail on the far right.  The hummingbirds and butterflys are most active first thing in the morning.3. The latest Chihuly exhibits are best seen at night.  Absolutely stunning.4. Regarding the price, just buy an annual pass.  Then you can come whenever you want and see the plants change with the seasons.5. This place is extremely large and cell signals are spotty. They have free wifi in some key locations.  This is really nice for uploading photos.6. They have lots of performances here - jazz, classical music, etc.  The garden is a fantastic setting for after hours events.
5	A gorgeous place for a nice stroll to see a vast variety of mostly native plants, trees, cacti, etc.  The Chihuly glass sculptures situated throughout the gardens were a very nice added touch.  These are pretty darn impressive and the gardens themselves are, too.  Highly recommend this!
4	The Desert Botanical Garden is great for tourists or people into plants. I've lived in Arizona all my life so I only go when there is something like Chihuly, the Butterfly Pavilion or I want to eat at Gertrudes. It is a nice place to walk and wander around looking at the plants, there's a few little nook and crannies with shaded seating areas, it's definitely great to check out at least once.
5	The Chihuly exhibit makes it worth another trip! As an Arizona native, I had not considered returning for some time. Loved the glass, seamless integration with the cacti. The blooming prickly pear and bird watching was also nice. Hurry before the exhibit leaves May 18!
5	This is a gem in the desert.  It has been here in the Valley as lo g as I remember and was a favorite field trip.  Now we love to go as adults and enjoy the holiday luminarias and the artwork.  Became a member too.
4	I used to live up the road from here..........how had I never been before???It was the Chihuly exhibit that drew me in but it was a wonderful experience all around.I highly recommend checking it out!While not something that I feel needs to be seen more than once, it's definitely a must see :)
5	Had a great time seeing the chihuly sculptures. A little expensive but with seeing at least once!
5	An amazing and unique botanical garden. There are a lot of botanical gardens in the us but none quite like this which showcases how beautiful, colorful and full of life the desert really is.
5	Went there at night to see the Chihuly exhibit and it was awesome. Beautiful space , helpful employees, cool events, but -wow- were the gift shop prices steep... Would've been nice if the paths were slightly more lot up because it was really hard to see where to walk even though people were everywhere.
5	I have been here several times and have always been impressed!  Yesterday we stopped by to see the Chihuly exhibit and we were blown away as always.  The desert was still somewhat in bloom and interspersed with the Chihuly glass is such a treat.  I highly recommend a visit and check out Groupon to save some $ too.  We paid $12/person instead of $22/person...yippee!
5	I was in Phoenix for work one weekend.  I had to be in town for Thursday and again Monday, enough time that it wasn't worth it (for me) to go to an airport and turn around a short time later.The Botanical garden kept popping up as a top place to visit.  When I was there the Cithuly exhibit was going on.  Knowing it would be lit up for night I arrived later in the day, did a circuit, took a nap in my car, then came back and did another circuit of the exhibits lit up.  They have a great variety of desert and arid plants.  Most Botanical Gardens I've gone to have a much different climate with plants that are used to water and it was very interesting to see the difference of the desert plants.  For me, it was enhanced by the art among the plants, although I did spend a lot less time reading the signs or learning about the plants than I would have otherwise.  If there hadn't been the art I'm not sure my rating, but no less than a four.
4	-great for family and seniors-great for individuals who can appreciate history and learning about their environment -great for datesI have to be honest, I feel as though if it weren't for the chiluly and butterfly exhibit the place would seem rather drab. Coming from California I'm used to the diversity in color contrasts and splash of lush green. On a positive note, I thought it was cool how they incorporate features in the garden that show you what it was like for indigenous tribes in AZ. I also read that they have live music playing some days so maybe that would have lightened up the atmosphere, too.
5	Gorgeous. Definitely worth a visit, especially with the Chihuly exhibit installations. I love this place & go at least twice a year!
3	Stopped by here one afternoon while in Phoenix to check out the Chihuly Exhibition.You can walk all the trails in under an hour and the Chihuly glass artwork scattered throughout the gardens added a nice touch.
4	The botanical garden is definitely one of the treasures of the city.   What a great place for a relaxing and interesting walk that really showcases the Sonoran desert beauty.   It does desperately needs a good Cafe and properly done would be a great location for a day and evening restaurant that equally showcases the modern West .
4	In a word, gorgeous. I was lucky enough to visit during the Chihuly exhibit, but even without it, the Desert Botanical Garden was worth the time.Don't take the Desert in the name too literally and feel like it's just going to be cacti and vegetation for arid climates. There is a beautiful wildflower area full of hummingbirds, an herb garden and lovely green trees.Now, to the exhibit. I loved how the glassworks were integrated into the garden. They did a beautiful job putting it all together, and I was so glad I was able to visit during this exhibit.
5	What a truly spectacular and magical place! We went to the Chihuly After Dark exhibit and was amazed at both the gorgeous plant life integrated with the artists glassworks! This is a must viewing!!! Gertrude's restaurant was excellent and they serve wine and other beverages to enjoy while you are strolling the grounds!!!
5	I love the Botanical gardens! The plants and flowers are beautiful. It's a lovely place to wander or sit and think. Their special events are great too, like the luminaries and the tequila festival although a larger selection of tequila would have been great. I've been a member for a few years.
5	We came here with a group of 10 ppl just to see the Chihuly Exhibit. It was beautiful and we absolutely loved the park. The front gate person said we could come back in the evening to see the glass art lit up in the dark as long as we kept our bracelets on. And we did come back! We walked the park in the daylight in about 2hrs, and only 40 min at night.
3	It is $20-$22 per person to get into this exhibit.  You won't see anything here that you can't see for free on a hike on any path around Arizona.  They did have the Chihuly sculptures up and they were beautiful.  But we went during the day and didn't get to see them lit up.  Every stand was out of water and the vending machines only took credit cards.  The waters were $1.50 for a 20oz.  The gift shop was completely over-priced.  A puzzle was $25. We were leaving and people were fighting over parking spaces.  Don't think we would ever go back.
4	This is quite an enjoyable place to go especially when company is visiting from out of town. The area is really big so there are a lot of different desert plants to see & it takes a sufficient amount of time to walk around. They have a group guided tour for free if you're interested in that. We have been through twice now - once during the day time & also once when they had the Chihully exhibit during the night time. Both times were a pleasant experience although if you're going to the exhibit, it's definitely more worth it to go after the sun has set as the glass looks much more vibrant & beautiful. The only complaint is that the adult ticket is very expensive. Make sure you bring your student ID if you have one & a AAA card if you're a member for a discount!
5	Vacationing at Scottsdale with my wife at the Diamond Resort Villa Mirage and one of the conceirges, Chiara, recommended this activity and as we visit the area a few times, we wanted to do something unique here so we decided to go... and we were not disappointed!!!  They offer 4 viewing time slots, three during the day and one during the night, 8p-12a and we decided on the late show.  Wow, this place and event is popular!!!  I have seen one of Chihuly's art work, and so had an idea of what to expect and have to say it exceeded my  expectations.  The colored lights and glass was striking from the get go.  The unique combination of the glass art and light with the desert flora was creative and at times eerie and even "intergalactic!"  I mean it was dark and some of the artwork looked like it was from a Star Wars movie!  My favorites were the orange orb with snake like protrusions, the blue orb at the entrance,  the lavender colored stakes, the water display with the frogs croaking  and tall glass ball column.  So creative and unique and massive.  Makes me wonder how all can hang without blowing over in what can be a windy environment.I am a plant afficianado so I would love to see this during the day as well as enjoy all the plants in the botanical garden.  The weather was warm and balmy, lots of people and crowed and yet the evening was perfect for family, date night and "out of towners."  I was surprised at how many folks with physical challenges had access to some paths that were not level or paved.  If there is a beef, it is that parking is a mess and disorganized and the event may be oversold.   We went SAT evening and it looked like others had the same idea to go to this exhibit.  I'd recommend you go early and be prepared to hunt for parking.
5	This review is mainly based on the Chihuly Exhibit and the wonderful job Desert Botanical Gardens does to keep this place looking simply fabulous.Been here a few times throughout my stay in PHX and each time we come back it gets better and better. The place looks a lot bigger than we remembered and had more paths and special interest to enjoy than last time.Came with the family and used a Groupon thingamajig. Daughter is a coupon clipper and did a great job on this one. We could not decide whether to see the Chihuly exhibit at night or first thing in the morning. Granddaughter was with us so we decided to go with the early morning adventure and we were not disappointed.Wow is all we can say. What an amazing selection of cactus, desert trees and bushes from all over the world. There are even wildflowers and tons of different critters and birds that make themselves right at home. It was fun watching everyone shooting pictures of just about anything that moved or sweet family photos next to something extravagant or amazing.This is always been a great place to take people from out of town or just a great way to get some exercise while enjoying the heavenly works sent from above. We probably walked close to a couple of miles before we were done.Bring your sunscreen, shady hat, some good walking shoes and plenty of liquids to drink. The dessert can take the life right out of you if you are not careful. So be cool and stay hydrated and rest in the shade when you get a chance. MOST EXCELLENT!4.75 STARS
5	What a wonderful place to visit. Especially at night during the holidays. This past holiday season the Chihuly exhibit was magical. Treat yourself and go.
5	The Chihuly Exhibit was simply beautiful and amazing! I have never seen anything like it. Thank you for the opportunity to see such great beauty!
4	A restaurant and snack bar, book and schwag store, fantastic annual plant sales.  If you're committed to the Sonoran Desert, and desert landscaping in general and have some disposable income, I encourage you to become a member,  Since 1939, committed people have turned this little patch of desert into a Phoenix crown jewel of botanical knowledge and display, education and a double shot of straight up beauty in human arranged desert landscaping. I also encourage you to provide visit scholarships or subsidys for some of our area's least wealthy young people.  They may be inspired to learn plants and lift Arizona science, botany, architecture and landscaping to beautiful new heights.
5	I brought my husband and two of my littles here to see the Chihuly in the Garden exhibit and it was absolutely stunning. This exhibit was a MUST SEE.  (I say *was* because it ended last weekend and if you missed it then I do truly feel badly for you.)We bought Groupon tickets for the exhibit and after one misfired attempt to visit it on a sold-out Saturday night, we finally made it in on Wednesday before the exhibit ended.  The customer service was stupendous, with each employee we encountered going out of their way to be gracious and helpful.  The gardens are meticulously manicured and beautiful and there are water fountains, park benches and trash receptacles along the walking paths.  Also, there was a mobile cash bar set up part way into the exhibit and my husband bought me the most delicious prickly pear margarita that was just the right size for sipping as I walked along and viewed the glass sculptures.It's worth mentioning that my youngest son was so excited to see this exhibit that he kept bouncing around and kissing my arm and calling me the best mommy ever for bringing him.  I gave him my Smartphone and he used the various feature settings on my camera to take his own creative photos of the glass sculptures.  We had a great time and I only regret not being able to stay longer.  I understand that a Fairy World exhibit is coming up next at The Desert Botanical Gardens.  Perhaps a membership is in our future...?
5	Desert Botanical Garden exceeded my expectations and any pre-existing thought about the desert and it's plants. Plus, I have never seen that much cacti in my entire life!Saw a small brochure about this place at my hotel and spur of the moment decided to make a drive out here with my mom first thing in the morning (please go in the morning, the heat is bearable). Tickets were decently priced and I got the student price, which was great!The garden covers cacti, shrubbery and flowers native to Arizona, Mexico and California as well as Chihuly in the Garden. From a reserved spots that butterflys and bees gravitate to, to life of Tohono O'odham in the Sonoran desert this garden is quite informational.Each section of the garden was creatively set up, easy to learn from and paths big enough for people to walk through with little crowding. You get to witness various wildlife, from birds, rodents and lizards and is flat out a great experience. You automatically feel transported into a different world, so major props to the Desert Botanical Gardens and all who contribute to provide a place to showcase it all.There is a restaurant, vending machines, Chihuly exhibit and gift shop you can visit after your walk around. Take advantage of shaded areas, wear comfortable shoes, put on your shades, take frequent breaks and drink lots of water!
5	Beautiful!! Leisure walk around gorgeous areas. Bring a water bottle. Lots of restrooms about. Lots of shade and resting areas. Beautifully decorated as well! Gorgeous parabolas and fountains and lots of park helpers everywhere! The gift shop is adorable too.
5	Amazing place to visit.  A must do,  actually a lot of shade out on the trail.  Would go again to see other exhibits
5	Every time I got to the DBG, I find they make it better and better.  It's a lovely place and visiting this in the summer might be a bit hard because it's so hot.  However, they do have water stations all over the Garden and the water is cold.The place is beautiful and the people that volunteer and work there are always so nice to us.  They have a gorgeous array and variety of plants and love the art pieces that show up when they do.  It's a very peaceful place.  We've even come upon a number of critters, like colorful snakes, squirrels, quail, rabbits, and other vermin.  The kids LOVE this.  A friend of mine also got married here more than a decade ago and the wedding was beautiful.  Very romantic.  I wish it was closer to where I live, but it's a nice place to visit.  We try to visit annually.
5	As soon as I found out that the Desert Botanical Gardens had a Dale Chihuly exhibit I knew that I had to go.  Honestly, if it weren't for the Chihuly exhibit I probably would have never gone to the garden but I'm so glad that I went.  The garden in the spring was absolutely beautiful. Displaying desert plants from the Sonoran Desert in the Southwestern United States and around the world.  Many of the plants in bloom at the time that I went.  Although it was spring and the temperature was tolerable I can't imagine taking a stroll through the gardens during the sweltering summer days.  There isn't too much shade along the paths.  The employees were really friendly and very informative.  I also really appreciated the fact that the gardens were so well maintained.  Parking is free.  Adult tickets are $22 and Students $12.  Unfortunately, I believe the Chihuly exhibit has ended but don't let that stop you from checking out this beautiful gem.  Would definitely drop by the gardens if I'm ever in the Phoenix area again.  I loved it!  Don't forget to bring your hat, water, and some sunscreen!
4	We've been to the DBG two or three times now for various events.  It's a great place to take the family and friends.  They have many events throughout the year, and we most recently went for the Chihuly in the Gardens art show.  There were tons of glass pieces and sculptures on display, and they lit up at night.  There's also a nice little restaurant on site, as well as a gift shop.  Keep in mind though that most of it is uncovered, so if you go during the summer months be sure to bring plenty of water and sunscreen!
1	Serious snooze fest.... and waste of time.    There is nothing mentally or visually  engaging about the desert botanical gardens .  Only visit here if you have young children  who have an appreciation for cacti;  glass and bad salsa.   Definitely, do not bring a date here like I did. (There was nothing else to do in the city )She liked the butterflies ***shrugs***
4	This place holds a lot of magic. I haven't seen the Chihuly exhibit yet unfortunately, but I can speak to a decade of experience in traveling here from the west side with my mother. Hell, I even volunteered here as a cactus in the summer and entertained children who for some reason wanted to hug a cactus. This place isn't just for kids, though. They have literally hundreds of plants and other things (many of which you won't see anywhere else in Arizona) like pet rocks, and succulents of so, so many types. The real joy of this place is it's proximity to the Phoenix zoo, which causes lots and lots of indigenous animals to come and inhabit the area during the day and night time. Did I mention they have nighttime flashlight tours? I haven't done one but it sounds like fun. The only way they could improve this place is to make it free.
5	While I lived in Phoenix I was fortunate enough to receive a 1 year membership as a Christmas gift. I went at least 10 times and I think I got my moneys worth for sure, as the exhibits change seasonally and just the botanical garden itself I could never be bored with. The upkeep of the garden is impeccable, its definitely the best arboretum/garden I have yet to see, though I haven't been to many.All of my out of town guests were equally fascinated by the bizarre and beautiful cactuses, its definitely a crowd pleaser. Be sure to bring a camera if you go, as there are one million photo opps and absolutely gorgeous views. Its hard to believe this is so close to McDowell Road, but the gardens are extremely quiet, and somehow you feel like you're miles from the city. I can't really say enough good things about this place, but its definitely a must do if you are anywhere near Phoenix. Also the plant sale that they have is twice a year too I think, they have an AMAZING selection of plants, and they are all really well cared for. You will also witness people buying 20 feet tall saguaros for their yards, I hope you find that as entertaining as I do to watch.
5	Everyone and their mothers visited DBG while Chihully was in season, and I myself attended 12 times... And even as it warmed up and the exhibit was removed, I still found the enjoyment and peace of the desert tours early morning or late evening to beat the heat. Will always love this Arizona Gem. A great place to take out of towners when they visit. Remember... Our backyard cacti and wildlife is alien to these friends & family... DBG fascinates even the most boring uncle that never wants to do anything.... :)
5	Surprised I have failed to write a review for this place! We have been here a couple of times. The first time was with my sisters when they came for a visit and the second was with a school reunion group.  The second visit we were fortunate enough to be there for the Chihuly exhibit, which was just amazing to see, especially when it started to get darker outside and everything was lit up from various angles.  The park itself is well structured and has multiple pathways that you can wind yourself through and get lost in the surroundings. They have a variety of native desert plant life and multiple areas have signs with information and most plants have name signs so you know what you are looking at as you go.The staff here has always been friendly and helpful when we went. The second visit we had, we needed to pick up "will-call" tickets for the rest of the group, and they had a well-organized system and ID'ed us to ensure we could pick everything up.  Everything was handled very professionally and we were happy to have the event there on the grounds.Overall: AA definite must-see for a visit to the Phoenix area, and great exhibits throughout the year for the locals!
5	This place was amazing! I went an hour before close and the admissions person wS kind enough to give me a discount. Plus I was there so late on a Tuesday night, I never saw another person while tracking through. The plants and information are just gorgeous!!! And having the sunset in the background was beautiful. I'd highly recommend this place. I was also very impressed with all the wildlife I saw. But because I went late, it was very peaceful.
5	What a cool park? museum? garden? All of the above! We wandered about for the Dave Chihuly exhibit and it was awesome. Despite the desert heat, the flora was really gorgeous and seeing Chihuly's work scattered about was a really fabulous way to showcase these massive glass masterpieces. I'm sure the night luminary exhibit was a treat as well, but during the day light we got to really enjoy his work. A great place to go for a few hours and walk around--wear comfy shoes and keep a wary eye out for some of the locals (snakes, for example.) Also, the on-site restaurant is a local favorite and has some really delicious options. The bar looked huge so it would make a fun night spot as well.
5	I think I may have found my favorite place in the area. The garden is so beautiful, so extraordinary. Yes the paths are unpaved, but that just adds to the natural beauty this place has. I love the many different areas there are and the interesting historical charms there are hidden throughout. I absolutely love Dave Chihuly's pieces through the garden also. I see myself spending a lot of time here in the future.
5	I already love the desert but this made me love and appreciate it even more. To add to the joy of my visit - there was a Dale Chihuly glass exhibit installation.I was only able to get reservations for the 4-8 p.m. slot. Little did I realize that this was the best time to go! It would likely have been too hot earlier in the day so I got lucky with the comfort level. Once the sun set and the garden lighting started to come on, the glass sculptures (is that what they would be called?) came alive. They were beautiful in the sunlight but took on an entirely different look when lit by the garden lights.I have been to Phoenix so many times but never took the time to visit this masterpiece. I highly recommend a visit!Visited April 2014
5	it was my husband & I's first time here to see the garden, its really beautiful I didn't think it it would be so amazing just being desert. if you walk slowly you can catch a lot of different animals. we can't wait to go again.
3	Nice place. Probably nicer if you visit after 6:00pm and not at 2:00pm (110degrees) nice trails, I loves the shade garden, very cozy area to stay away from the heat. I was very upset that they don't mention at the entrance that the butterflies pavilion is closed, that was one of the things that I was really liking forward to see :(
4	I didn't spend much time in Phoenix, but the Desert Botanical Garden is one place I had the time to visit. I went with a Groupon, which was very clutch and turned a slightly high-ish price into a very good deal for what it is. The Chihuli glass exhibits are truly stunning, and the garden is full of cool-looking cacti and other desert plants. I was fortunate enough to visit in mid-April when all the cacti were in bloom and that was really pretty to see as well, with all the flowers everywhere. We also got to see a roadrunner which was EPIC! Got a great photo of it before it scurried off too!It is VERY hot and there is some shade in various spots but not much. However, they did plant water fountains EVERYWHERE which was very essential. We refilled our water bottles probably at least a dozen times in the roughly 2 hours we spent in the garden. There are maps and stuff, but even for someone who is very very directionally sound, the garden layout was mildly confusing to me. At times, I was confused about whether I had missed a portion of the garden or if I was doubling back the way I came, or going down a dead end. The garden could benefit from some better/clearer signage. All-in-all this was a really good experience and I'm glad we went. I'd probably go back if I were ever there in Winter, or late evening when the weather is cooler.
4	Want to be clear - I have not visited this place - the reviews sound lovely though. However I want to warn people of the price, it's $22 to enter. I don't have a problem paying entrance fees but thus is far too high to see an attraction. Botanical gardens in other cities range from $5-10. I hope that by posting this, the owners realise that the price is putting quite a few patrons off from visiting. If you consider the price of being a tourist in a city, and weigh up the cost of room & board, rental car, food, taxes etc, $50 in entrance fees is too high for one attraction. Sorry... I would have loved to have visited because this is just my sort of thing
5	Beautiful grounds. Breathtaking is not an exaggeration. Sorta expensive for the scope/scale of the place. But any plant lover will be in heaven.  I like how they mix it up with sculptural elements as well. I learned a ton here and even got some landscaping ideas for my own yard. No reason not to go here if you are any sort of plant lover.
4	Very nice place to visit. Plan on walking at least an hour, closer to two.  Lots to see, many cactus, trees, desert flowers.  Disappointed that many exhibits were closed.  Maybe it was a seasonal thing. Wish they had some kind of tour. I think we would have gotten more out of it.  They seem to be doing a lot of work on the place, too, so that's a good thing.  I would have given 5 stars if more exhibits were open.
4	My family came here at Desert Botanical Gardens last school vacation with my cute nephews to see the Chihuly blown glass display. One thing I can say: Outstanding! The pieces are mixed all through the desert displays which had our group continued questioning irrespective of whether any of your pieces had been possibly custom produced in this precise place. There have been two canoe/boat structures, one particular that housed stunning colored spheres, plus the other that housed pumpkin-shaped pieces mixed with other strangely shaped pieces.I recommend spending time here at night to see all of the pieces are lightening up. I'm sure that will surely love it more. The kids enjoyed it much!
5	It was my first time out to Phoenix, and I only had a few hours to spare before heading out to the wedding I was going to, so I decided to go out to the Desert Botanical Garden.As you entered they had a few of the Chuhily glass pieces, which are beautiful and are lit once evening starts to fall. I was also pleased that they offered a student discount with a valid ID. The staff were also very friendly and willing to help and direct you. The plant life was brilliant;  I'm still amazed at the size of the saguaro cacti. Additionally I saw some roadrunners, quail, and other birds.When I went they also had the Monarch Butterfly exhibit, which I visited. There were plently of butterflies to see and take pictures of. Overall, I thought it was worth the money and few hours I spent there.
5	Beautiful desert gardens.  Come at sunset and you'll be delighted.  I've been here 2x and I'll be back.  Kids have fun, adults have fun.
5	I love the botanical garden. There was a time (when I had a zoo membership) when I would take my oldest son several times a month. It always has such pretty blooms and a fun butterfly pavilion. They even have free days on Tuesday!
2	We arrived on a Saturday mid-afternoon planning to stay until closing time.  Unfortunately for us, there were 3 weddings going on and 3 large sections of the gardens closed, including the entire Sonoran Desert Loop Trail,  the Herb Garden, and the Cactus and Succulent Gallery.  We did see the last one after the wedding party had moved on.  There were signs at the entry pointing wedding guests where they should go.  Providing information for the paying customers regarding the timing the sections would be closed so we could planned our time differently and not missed so much of the gardens.
5	Absolutely stunning a great place to go for a good feel of Arizone. We were there for the Chili + Chocalate fair. Lots of walking so go prepared.
3	This was a really pleasant place to walk around with lots of beautiful cacti and other cool succulents.There's some nice views of the city and mountains/hills in the distance.My complaint is that the price is quite high for a park where you can really get through everything in an hour or two.
4	Highly recommended if you are a visitor to Phoenix for the first time. A large variety of cacti- and some of those saguaros have to be 40+ feet tall! Keep in mind this is the desert, so don't expect lush gardens, but it is beautiful in its own right and if you are from the East Coast like me, it is amazing how alien this type of plantlife is to us.
4	I love the gardens. They are always very pretty and well maintained. I wish they had earlier hours, to accommodate my schedule. I have attended several events there and they have always been well planned and organized. I recommend them highly to anyone visiting Phoenix.
4	We dedicated 3 hours to Desert Botanical Garden - it's that good.I've seen immense variations of cacti here, probably more than I needed to learn - but it was a fun educational opportunity for sure.
4	I lived here for 10 years and never visited the botanical gardens before today. And I have no idea why, because it was a beautiful experience.Definitely leave some time for your visit. We didn't dawdle and it took us at least 3 hours to explore everything (including the gift shop, which is like a garden lover's dream). Every kind of plant was clearly marked and we often found ourselves exclaiming, "I didn't know there were so many different kinds of cactus!" several times.The paths are wide and very well maintained and the trails are clearly marked and often lead to interesting places to rest or learn about the plants that inhabit the desert areas. We went during the holiday season and the luminaria bags were set out all over the place, awaiting lighting at twilight. During this time of the year, the gardens close at 4 to prepare for this night time event, so remember to consider that when visiting. Visiting Las Noches de las Luminarias is an extra charge (and quite expensive at $30+ a ticket, but some say it's more than worth it. We skipped that part of the experience this time) and popular nights must sell out in advance because we saw several signs letting people know that the event was sold out. Something to remember. Even without being lit, the luminaria bags along the pathways were cool anyway and added to the festive scene. On a side note, who lights the over 8,000 luminaria bags anyway? Yikes!Overall, the gardens are beautiful and the views of the mountains that surround Phoenix are top-notch. Parking is abundant and free and there are several garden employees that were milling about, waiting to answer questions or to direct our attention to something particularly interesting.Thumbs up and worth a visit!
5	Re: las noches de las luminarias. Great place to take a date. Every year they change things up to keep it fresh.  Good bands, great ambience, warm winter cocktails.  Skip the dinner, it's only so-so.
5	WOW!  If you ever wanted to see cactus of all shapes and kinds, this is the place to go.  In fact, it was almost TOO big, everything started to look the same after a while.
5	Such a great place to see the desert plant life up close. We saw lots of birds and small mammals too,  all around the park. It was well kept and serene, just what we needed on a great Arizona winter vacation. Well worth the price of admission!
4	I've never seen so many different types of cactuses in my life. Everything is labeled well. Unfortunately we came during the winter, so there were not many flowers. The wildlife is still very abundant. If you're very lucky you can catch a road runner, otherwise there are mostly quail.The saguaro cacti are a sight to see. It's amazing at how tall some of them were, towering just like trees. The herb garden is also interesting to check out. It seems to have become the caretaker's personal garden. I saw chili, eggplants, basil, Chinese cabbage, kumquats, oranges, pomegranates, beets, and more in the herb garden. If you want to see the butterfly garden they are open March to Mother's Day. Monarch specific butterflies begin in the Fall.The prices are $22 for adult, and only $12 for student. It's a little overpriced, especially with such a huge difference between adult and student. To be honest, I got bored after a while, but if you're a tourist like we were, this is definitely a decent thing to kill time.
5	Best and largest collection of desert plants I have seen. A must-go place in Phoenix.
4	Really exotic (to this St. Louis native) gardens to wander around in. Was afraid that we might get bored with saguaro cacti every 5 feet but really there was much variety. I'm a succulents fan, so I was loving' it. We visited in winter, so the flowers weren't in bloom but I imaging they're dazzling in the spring. Everything was labeled well, but I almost wish there was a dossier on each loop trail to answer questions, kinda like there are in aquariums and such. Part of me wishes we would've tried the audio tour, I can't really complain about the $22/adult fee considering the condition in which the gardens are kept -- you can really see the care that goes into the upkeep. They have "dog day in the gardens" in January and then some wine tasting events in February that sound awesome...wish our trip to Phoenix would've coincided with one of these fun days.
5	This is a place everyone should see. I visited several years ago and was impressed with the many improvements that have been made. This may seem like walking around looking at a bunch cacti but there is a lot more to it.   The groves of saguaro and gardens full of organ pipe and cholla are the most spectacular to see but there are many other cactus varieties and many cactus, like prickly pear and cholla have many variations. In addition special sections emphasize wild flowers, butterflies, night insects, etc.  The docents are helpful, sometimes enthusiastic about sharing information on the vegetation: make someone's day and ask them about boojum trees. There is a lot of walking involved but motorized scooters are available to those who need them. Two hours seems like an absolute minimum to view the grounds but four hours is more realistic considering all that is to be seen. That doesn't include the educational activities.  Bring water and wear a hat, even in the winter. There is a nice cafe by the entrance and a place to buy snacks and beverages elsewhere. There are plenty of benches.
5	Bottom Line up front: What can I saw that every other review hasn't already.  It's great. Just go here.I was skeptical about visiting: I'm not super into botany or gardens.  But it was really nice walking around the grounds seeing the different cacti and plants.  It's easily a 2 hour visit and a really nice way to spend  sunny day.Even in winter, there are a few flowers and some wildlife.
