4	The center of a mini-empire at 40th St. and Campbell. Good place to relax over breakfast or lunch. Try the Spanish latte. Service in the grocery is uneven (watch out for some prodigious yawning from behind the counter). Great wine selection and lots of fun things to try, though.LGO Pizzeria next door is swell; nice to have in the neighborhood!
4	I second the Spanish latte, best coffee drink I've had so far - it's sweetened with condensed milk.  What I like about this place is that it has the feel of a bigger-than-phoenix downtwon coffee bar, even though this place isn't downtown.  Browsing the shop is a good way to pass time while you drink your coffee.  The pizza next door is great (as good as Bianco I think) and the service is excellent (much better than Bianco).
2	UPDATE:  12/30/06The love affair is waning.  LGO has become overrun by pretentious annoying people accompanied by small children and little dogs.  Parking is a real problem.  I have gotten one too many plates of cold eggs.   And there seem be training issue going on at the coffee bar.  I have gotten several bad Spanish Lattes.  Very disappointing.  The counter service is also lacking - a lot of the new people working here just don't seem to care.  Ah, how I long for the good old days.  The prices here aren't exactly cheap.   I'm not sure this place is worth the bother anymore.  LGO, you are officially on probation.UPDATE:  2/9/06Okay, I love this place.  The Spanish Latte kicks ass.  And recent renovations have improved traffic flow.  It is still really busy, but understandably so.++++++++++++++++++++++++++I want to like this place more then I do.  It has really great fresh light food.  I love the breakfast and lunch choices.  It has a definite European touch.   I love the atmosphere.  It is just too darn small and busy. There is no where to sit and no where to park.  And if you are not a "regular" you don't always feel welcomed.  The concept and food gets 5 stars, but the hassle and spotty service brings it down to 3.  Nevertheless, I'm a sucker for this neighborhood hangout and I'm sure I'll be back.
4	Ah, the Spanish Latte.  I did a little recon and found that one Spanish Latte yields...are you ready?  Wait for it...wait for it...approximately ONE THOUSAND CALORIES.  Geez, no wonder they are delicious and I love them so.  We happened to ask the girl at the counter we we ordered a skim SL, and she said that a regular one has approx 1,000 cals.  Dang.Anyway, I dig this place.  I pretty much always order the Croque Monsieur.  The bread is good and sturdy and the cheese is perfectly melted and bubbly.  The sandwiches and salads are good and I like that they'll let you pretty much specialize anything you like.  Those English Muffins are wonderful!  Tammie Coe and MJ Bread do an amazing job with the pastries and the breads.  I have a really hard time passing up an Ooey Gooey Cupcake.My strategy is to go between 10 and 11:30 in the morning or between 1:30 and 4 in the afternoon.  You can pretty much waltz in and grab any table.  I have started to notice that they have an extraordinary number of staff.  It seems like there are 5 or 6 behind the counter, 2 or 3 at the coffee bar, many bussers and runners.  Even when it's really busy it seems like there are a few standing around.  I don't get it.  Whatever works I guess.
5	I had the good fortune of being able to relax a few mornings away here recently.   Definitely a little piece of New York in Arcadia - it has the feel of the many gourmet micro-grocery stores there.  I don't go here as much as I should, so I reluctantly recommend it to the rest... * loud and busy in the morning and lunch times* a very cool incognito back-door entrance* very brunchy menu selections (incl. a great croque madame, sandwiches, omelettes, muffins and tarts)* jazz, Gipsy Kings, and Al Green classics wafting over the loud speakers* grocery stocked with knick knacks, cookbooks, imported pasta, fine wine, freshly made sushi, and of course, The New York TimesAnd, yes, the Spanish latte is every bit as incredibly and sweetly decadent as described.
4	Girls love this place. (Including my girlfriend, who suggested that sentence.)It has the makings of a great lunch spot: very good sandwiches, newspapers of every variety, good service, and nice decor. There are a number of problems that are developing here though, including the ongoing parking problem, and the women that think they still look really fly in velour jumpsuits. If you can work around those, drop by and get one of the egg sandwiches for lunch and try to snag a table.
4	I've learned to not even attempt to go during peak hours.  If you're really craving them at peak time, eat a snack, go take a walk or do jumping jacks or something.  It was so busy when I've tried it leaves you not wanting to return because it's pretty easy to feel "in the way" as you're getting pushed around the tables by folks ordering, getting food and otherwise looking or waiting.  They look stressed, they may miss that your food was pulled out so it's getting cold as you try to get their attention to make sure it's really yours and not one of the 20 people ahead of you. Sure, the food tastes good eventually, but it's not the best experience.But MAN it's a different experience during off hours!  The service becomes attentive, the food is hot again and let's not even talk about the bonuses where parking is concerned!  The best part is that you can sit at a pretty table with your brunch or linner (Between peak times, remember? Work with me...) and just read a book or share a friendly conversation at normal volumes.  THIS is the LGO I love.  For the prices you pay there - you want that second environment, not the first one.  The prices are totally worth it to hang out and de-stress from the world, but when it's just another stress to go there, it loses a chunk of it's value to me.
4	after two years of going to postino's and thinking every time, 'i have to try this place soon,' i finally lost my or-ange (pronounced "oar-ahnj"; i didn't know either until i caught one of their chefs on a morning news show, and i figured she would know) virginity on easter of all days.on a side note, is it sacriligious to say "virginity" and "easter" in the same sentence?i met a friend there at about 10:30 on easter morning, and, always timid about where i can and can't park in this DeMarco mecca, i circled around the back and got a spot close to the post office. despite being at the back of the long stretch that makes up the grocery, dining and gelato shops, i abided by a giant blue and white sign there in the back that tempted me to "Come In Here!" complete with an arrow. i pulled open the door and was greeted by busy, sweaty cooks in the kitchen, whom stared back at me. huh. i closed the door and read the sign again, making sure i didn't misread *deliveries* come in here. nope. confused and mildly annoyed and walked around to the main entrance.the mini cafe/coffee bar patio was full and there were tons of cruisers parked along the sidewalk (no racks or locks, if you're planning on dining inside). seemed to be Wildflower style, as in order at the counter and try to fight for a table. my dining companion was an old pro and pretty much walked me through the whole thing (getting my attention to order when the girl came out to us in line way before we got to the counter [i was busy checking out a sweet vintage cruiser], picking up our food since they don't bring it to you or call out a number when it's ready, i couldn't even find the trash when it was time to bus our table). all in all i was very disoriented, and i blame it all on that sign! mentirosa!now, on the important stuff, food was pretty good. all egg white omelette with avocado and fresh pico-style salsa was nice and light (not sure what happened to the side of fruit that was suppposed to come with it).i got a bit of a funny/offended look from my dining companion for comparing the oar-anj to wildflower as far as clientle (which is the only reason i knock a star off). the best explaination i could offer his defensiveness at the time was that it was all the same kind of attitude, save for the upscale-ness of the oar-anj elicited a more "cool baby" snob crowd, while WF is more "suburbia" snob. basically, you just trade in the SUV soccer-brat taxis for a hummer or lexus or mercedes s class...all of which were lined up in a neat little row out front .now that i've said all that, none of the above will stop me from returning. i think i would like the place better as a dinner/drinks spot than breakfast. the uber-tans and blonde streaks (sported by both men and women at this joint) were all too much to bear by the light of day. or i'm maybe i'm just still harboring resentment over that damn sign.
4	I finally got over to this place and I am so glad that I did.  I took the advice of reviewers and went at an odd hour and we had no problem with parking or with getting a table.I can't really say anything new about this place except that they sell Orbee dog toys, which I have not been able to find anywhere else in the Valley.  What dog doesn't need a chew toy shaped like an eggplant?I suppose more people care about food than dog toys, so lets get back to that.  I got some sushi from the refrigerator case and my boyfriend ordered the BLT which was dressed with guacamole instead of the usual mayo.  He loved it.  I will definitely be going back here, even just to get a glass of the iced green tea.
5	This place is pure heaven!  It is a combo restaurant (wait-staff for dinner, casual for breakfast and lunch), market, coffee shop, gelateria, wine shop, bakery . . . basically all things good!  They have an amazing fig pizza, delicious looking sushi, and one of the best chocolate chip cookies I have ever tasted (it's called the "Better" cookie, with oatmeal, milk chocolate, and dark chocolate).  The music is fun and hip.  The market features gourmet goodies, kitchen accessories, magazines, wine and wine stuff, even toys for kids and pets.  As a San Franciscan, I have high expectations when it comes to food places.  Le Grande Orange surpasses them 10 fold.  I am so happy to have found it!
4	I thought this was the cutest place ever and was excited that my gf took me here.  It has all the makings of something I like- different menu, little candies to buy, bakery items... Anyway, I ordered the poached eggs with english muffin, fruit salad and a side of bacon.  The portions were perfect.  The english muffin was so freakin good, I think it's sour dough?  Loved it.  The poached eggs were cooked just right and the bacon was a huge side.  I ate most of it.  My gf ordered the egg white omelet and she really liked it as well.  I got a couple of cup-cakes to go: one was the ooey gooey and the other was the pb&j.  I'd give ooey gooey 4 stars and pb&j 1 star cause it was way too dry.One thing I'd add is it's sorta confusing for a new person.  I didn't know where to find our drinks or food after we'd ordered but everyone was really helpful and clued me in.  Although now that I think about it it wasn't that confusing.  I want to go back and try their pizza...
5	Avocado pizza??? are you high?guess not, it was fantastic.  strongly recommend this place.[this was meant for the pizzeria not grocery]
4	Great for odd juices and European treats. Their salads are top notch and the baked goods are delish. It's just always so darn crowded in there and it's hard to get the attention of the sometimes flippant counter staff. Great people watching. I don't see how this place has been voted good for groups, unless they're ordering out?
5	All I have to say is YUMMY!!!!CUTE!!UNFORGETABLE!!
5	Not into the long drawn out reviews. This place is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE JOINT in town. You can eat anything from a great pizza, to sushi or the best omelette n town. The daybreaker is the bomb and so is the spicy tuna roll.
2	I am writing this review on how I feel about LGO now. I had been going to LGO for over 3 years. We used to go there pretty much every weekend. The daygrinder, french crepes, commuter, yogurt parfait, vegatable sandwich were all favorites. For some reason now, the portions are smaller and not as good. It's not just one time, but the past three times I have gone, I have been mildly disappointed with the quality of the food. For example, the yogurt parfait used to have loads of strawberries and fruit. Now, they hardly provide much fruit The daygrinder is almost 3/4 the size they used to make it. The vegetable sandwish was filled with vegetables; now, it's a disappointment. I'm glad I went to this place when there was no line and the food was good. Now the lines are long and the quality has, unfortunately, fell by the wayside. It's a shame. I'll still hold out hope that they turn back to the LGO I enjoyed going to a couple years ago. For now, I saw au revoir LGO.
3	It's a little overrated - but as another reviewer wrote, it's very much like something you would find in California... with a pizza joint attached. I actually think their sandwiches are shitty in the grocery section and their prices suck, but it's nice to have something like this place in town. It keeps the people it attracts from wherever I like to go - kinda like fly paper for yuppie scumbags. Actually I think they did a pretty good job with it and I wish it wasn't so packed all the time. I can see why it's so popular. Parking is a nightmare and waiting in line blows. There's nothing I could say that hasn't already been said, but I just wanted to post my score and add my 2 cents.
3	A couple weeks ago I ate a Tammie Coe Black Velvet cupcake and it was so amazingly good that it's been all I've thought about since. Today I ventured back in to LGO trying to recreate the heavenly experience but alas..NO BLACK VELVET CUPCAKES! Son of a bitch. I went with the Toffee Vanilla instead. Meh. Frosting too hard, cake was slightly stale. For that I take away two stars. Lucky for me, LGO is about two blocks from where I work so I have every opportunity to stake it out until my beloved Black Velvet is back in that pasty case. Preeeecioussssss.....Don't even think about coming here for lunch. Parking is a total bastard.
4	A great place with impossible parking.  Just  a minor hurdle on my way to a cute neighborhood hang out place in a neighborhood that I don't live in.  Good sandwich, better pizzas and best vibe for a little cafe-like place in Phoenix.
4	Parking can be difficult at lunch time but worth the extra effort.  Wide choice of salads, sandwiches and homemade specialty breads. The Sonoma salad with mangos, goat cheese and poppy-seed dressing makes an excellent selection along with a generous freshly toasted BLT on thick whole grain bread.  Easily enough to share and eat on the patio.  Wide selection of specialty sauces and wines.
5	Since 32 reviews may not be enough for someone looking into LGO (as i like to call it), I will add another...Even with limited parking and sometimes long lines, I cannot take a star away from LGO.  I love the atmosphere, I love the food, I love the iced tea (both black and green), I love the coffee, I love the gifts, I love that I can bring the dog, I love that I can sit inside or outside, ok... you get the point.Since my first visit to LGO when I was fresh off the plane and got lost trying to find the location on the corner of 40th St. and Campbell, I've been addicted!  It's got character!  It's not in a strip mall!  It's in a great neighborhood and I partially chose where I currently reside based on the fact that I can walk there...Whether I go for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or just a cup of coffee or a cookie in the afternoon, I love the European feel to this favorite of mine.  The music is unique and it's just a great energy... not to mention the people watching can be quite entertaining.My favorite menu items are the fruit/granola/yogurt; the birchermuesli (similar to a cold sweet oatmeal and oh so delicious); the daybreaker omelette (great if you're watching carbs); the commuter sandwich (for breakfast or lunch); the chopped turkey salad, the nicoise salad, the vegetarian and stacked turkey sandwiches... yikes, I pretty much like everything on the menu.Sushi samplers are ok and pizzas (served after 4:00 I believe) are really tasty.  You can also sit down and have waiter service at the LGO Pizzeria which is connected to the grocery side and open in the evenings only.I'm not sure if I wrote anything different than the 32 reviews that came before this one, but I needed to put in my 2 cents on this neighborhood favorite.  Oh - actually I just realized that no one has commented on the LGO apparel and other cute gift items... the shirts are so soft and fit so well that I have 1 and my BF has 3 (no joking).  We love them.  I swear I don't own stock nor have any relation to the owners, but bottom line is I HEART LGO!
5	Yep, I heart LGO too. I have been know to drive from Tempe to satisfy my ceasar salad craving. Theirs really is the best I've had. Also, the tasty morsels they have in the front glass case are a huge hit wherever I bring them. The cupcakes from Tammie Coe (best birthday cakes .......also does wedding cakes etc and can make them look like your favorite Chanel bag or Jimmy Choos ...(WHO CAN DO IT? Tammie CAN!!) My boyfriend said that Tammie Coe is the only woman he'd leave me for.....not Jessica Alba or Gisele. (Maybe I should write a separate review of Tammie Coe Cakes) Anyway, LGO staffers, always efficient, friendly and willing to make your day!
5	Could there be a cuter store?? I mean really, could there be? I think not! This place is stupendous. It's a foodie's wet dream. It's a brunch-goer's happy place. It's a latte lover's paradise and why, oh why, can't it be in MY hometown. Seriously, I would live here just for the gourmet goodies alone and then add the stellar menu of deelish goodies like croque madammes, fig pizza, creamy yummy oatmeal and a latte with liquid raw sugar! AWESOME.You have a loyal Los Angeles fan La Grande Orange and I will be back, oh yes, I will! :)
5	This place is super cool. The only bad thing about it, is that it got TOO popular! I am very happy for the success of this place. At least they made the place bigger. There was a period of a year where i ate at this place saturday and sunday for breakfast! i was addicted. One thing i like to do if its really busy is to call your order in, so you dont have to wait in line. The only down fall is sometimes your toast gets soggy!Parking is a pain in the butt for this place.This is place is a big hit for people of all ages and its a great place to chat.My fave is croque monsieur. YUM
5	I absolutely adore this place. Coming here makes me feel like I am in a real city. I love being able to buy all those rare drinks, waters, wines and little trinkets. The restaurant is just as amazing as well and the customer service is always above and beyond.
4	What's that you say? You live in Phoenix, Arizona and you're tired of having breakfast at the Cracker Barrel, or Denny's, or even Ihop? What about those 'eggeries' they have around town? Nope? Not in the mood? Oh. You know where you should go? You want a completely different breakfast experience in Phoenix than the usual stuff you can find out in Goodyear, or Peoria, or Mesa?Go to La Grande Orange. (pronounced Oh-rahnj) Seriously. While more than half the spots in Atlanta would rival La Grande Orange, in Phoenix it's absolutely hands down one of the top three spots for breakfast. Honest.Okay. So the parking lot is too small for how many people come for breakfast. This isn't LGO's fault, there's actually a lot of parking - there are just too many people coming for breakfast. Okay. So the prices are technically a little more than you're used to paying by about $2. Get over it. The food is better. Well, okay, there's only one item on the breakfast menu that's actually worth the money. The Commuter Sandwich - but it's worth the money.Using the largest, most flavorful and softest english muffins you can find, they place very fluffy folded eggs in a sandwich along with avocado, and bacon, or turkey or whatever else you'd like. Seriously, the english muffin alone with the egg is enough to make this worth the price of admission.Sure the lines get long, but I'm sorry, that's what happens when the locals know a good thing - and it's the locals, the people who live in and around the Arcadia district that come here most often. Sit outside or inside, there's enough traffic to people watch while drinking your latte and eating your sandwich.While you're waiting for your food to arrive, walk around the store and check out all of the french imports that you really can't get anywhere else. I'm not saying they're actually worth the price, but there are a few greatly unique items which you may decide are definitely worth the price. My girlfriend bought a $25 wallet there which she still uses and gets complimented on everytime she pulls it out of her purse. (Okay I know, $25 for a woman's wallet is nothing, but you should see this wallet.)They also have a selection of wines and cheeses. I've never bought either and I'm not sure they're worth the markup they have on everything at LGO, but it's nice to see, especially after you've wandered one too many times around the Cracker Barrel store.There's an attached pizzeria which isn't open during breakfast hours, but you can sit in their space when you get your commuter sandwich and coffee. It's quite awesome. La Grande Orange is honestly a hidden jewel in the Phoenix suburban food wasteland. It's not for everyone, but I'd say that if you're in your mid 20's to early 40's even, and you're wanting to seem a bit trendy without trying too hard, go here. You'll definitely appreciate the difference.
4	You know when you meet someone, and you just know right away that you are going to be BFFs and spend hours talking on the phone about guys, the adorable new Anthropologie outfit that you shouldn't have bought, and how wacked out Britney Spears is?  That's kind of how I felt when I walked into La Grande Orange this past Friday.  As I took in the small grocery section filled with tiny jars of delectable jams and other assorted gourmet goodies, and my eyes greedily explored the glass counters filled with tantalizing displays of freshly baked muffins, cupcakes and cookies, I felt like I was coming home to a new best friend who would provide me with sustenance whenever I visited my brother in Phoenix.While the horrific parking situation and ordering line that reaches the front door necessitates a modicum of patience from the quaint cafe's patrons, no one seems to particularly mind.  It's refreshing.  Especially since I'm used to LAers who dole out death stares when they are deprived of receiving their food in a timely fashion.  (I may or may not participate in said practice on occasion.  When I'm really really hungry and my blood sugar gets too low and other people are eating already and making yummy noises.  It can't be helped.)  At La Grande Orange however, I didn't feel compelled to drag out my evil eye.  I felt like ordering a cup of delicious green tea (which btw, comes in a pyramid shaped tea bag for proper distribution of flavor), and sipping it while I caught up and laughed with friends and family.  I kind of like not rushing to get to the bottom of a cup of tea so that I can move on and get busy with the rest of my day's important activities (ie. shopping).  I'm not normally the type who likes to warm a seat cushion for too long, but I think I would be happy to be a bit of a lingerer at a place like La Orange.As for the food?  While the hot turkey sandwich was not a winner for me, my brother could not stop raving about his "Day Breaker" egg white omelet, and his two friends in town from New York, declared their bran blackberry muffins the best they'd ever had.  I'd call them exaggerators, but they are the intelligent sort that aren't quick to jump to conclusions.   They also seemed quite pleased with the fresh squeezed orange juice.  Apparently, it's a good thing.  In fact, I think that Martha Stewart herself would find the whole of La Grande Orange a good thing too.  But she's too late if she's looking for a BFF.  La Grande Orange already promised herself to me.
3	*Go on off hours- I had none of the issues reviewers discussed. No loud music, no rudeness, No loudness, great service???? I am confused. It must be the time I went. *Park at 39 street  North of Campbell- the signs for residential permits end  right before here and you won't block anyone. Park exactly North of Campbell because the first house doesn't come up for about 30 feet or so so there is room for about 5-6 cards and no no parking signs.( A long Ny walk so it won't  work for disabled folks sorry)*Pizza is very good, not great, but one of the better in Phx which is sorely lacking in this dept.*Gelato- heavenEnglish Muffins- OH MY GOD!!!!!! But you will pay for the pleasure 8 bucks for 6 ouch! But to be honest worth every bite- YUMMY!Can't wait to try other items here! i will go back and try the coffee and sweet treats.I was in and out in less than an hour so again confused on the reviews. I even waited in line twice and one time even had two people helping me at once???????????Must be the Sunday off time thing again. So I am guessing this will be the day I go again.
5	I moved from L.A. to Phoenix a few years ago and missed the little cool small shop restaurant places with character.  Le Grande Orange made me feel at home, and now that I'm back in L.A. I'm super psyched to find out there seems to be a new one opening in Pasadena.  Does anyone know if this is the same owners?  Looks like it.  I HOPE SO!!!
5	I would give LGO six stars if I could. I love this place, they really have done everything right. The food is amazing, the displays are fantastic, and the music selection is always great. Parking can be frusterating but once you get inside you realize that it was worth the wait.
4	The pizza here is top shelf. My brother actually slings the pies at LGO on the weekends, so I'm a little biased. If you're feeling adventurous, ask him to throw an egg or two on your pizza. It takes a little longer, but it adds an awesome little extra protein fix.
5	It all started when I was at the new Sinclair Gas Station on the NW corner of 40th and Camelback that I knew I had to write this review. It was a Saturday morning and I was driving on fumes and had to stop for gas. While sitting there, a stranger approached me with an "Excuse me, can you tell me where I might find a decent breakfast place?" I looked at him and said "Welcome to Phoenix, today is your lucky day and you're in the perfect spot."  We are on the corner of all corners - and it's Saturday - which means abundant options! So, I go through my favorite three options: Vincent's Farmer's Market, LGO and Over Easy.I gave him a brief description of each and when it came time to give my rant about LGO, it went a little something like this...."La Grande Orange! Oh my gosh, you'll never see anything like it...Look for all the cars and the full staff of parking attendants. Look for the line going out the door. Even more fun, go through the back door and say hi to the kitchen staff (very Durant-ish).  Have the French Pancakes, The Commuter Sandwich, a croissant, or an English Muffin. Go look for great cheeses, fig spread, or affordable, small production wine options, buy your next birthday card or something you don't need there. Look at all the cute families, dogs and have a double cappuccino."He looked at me realizing that I've probably already had one too many double-capps that day and as I said goodbye, and we both pulled out of the gas station, I couldn't help but wonder which of the options he and his family would choose. The parking attendant gave them the spot underneath the 19-minute sign out front...
4	This place it cool!  I stopped here for the first time last Saturday with my husband to grab some lunch.  It was a little overwhelming at first.  Parking was a bit confusing since valet seems to have claimed a majority of the lot, but after idling around for a few moments I was able to grab a prime spot right in front.It was very busy!  There was a line of people trickling out the door, waiting to place their orders... but before we reached the counter our order was taken by a woman with a clipboard.  It was a bit rushed so we didn't feel like we had enough time to fully look over the menu.I decided on the French pancakes (crepes) with fresh cream, honey and fruit and my husband ordered a pizza (which is tossed up next door).  My food was ready almost immediately so I grabbed my plate and we sat next door in the pizzeria.  It took a little while for the pizza to cook (which is expected) but by then I was nearly done with my meal... still, it was delicious. We'll be back soon, I'm sure.
3	Holy cow, sensory overload.  We stopped in for breakfast since we had to go to Postino that day (another story entirely...)Do I want to get a shirt?  A knick knack? A notebook?  Order some cake?  Some breakfast? Perhaps a pizza?  What about a bottle of wine? Coffee?  Fresh squeezed juice?  And nevermind the fact we were there at 11am when they started offering pizza....people started to lose their minds. There is a LOT going on in here.  Almost too much.  But to their credit, they definitely have their act together.  It could have easily been chaos but ordering and receiving our food went smoothly.Once I recovered from the initial "oh my god, what is going on here?" shock, I ordered the Jersey girl.  It was decent, slightly watery, and for some reason it came with cabbage in it which was not listed as an ingredient on the menu and was a little odd.  My husband ordered the Zuni burrito which he found to be good.  I have to be honest, none of the food was mind blowing.  It wasn't bad....it just wasn't mouth watering or savory.    The coffee was satisfactory, the orange juice surprisingly good, unlike at other places here where I have had fresh squeezed oj, but $3.75 is a tad ridiculous for juice.   I have to say that I really wished they had other offerings for breakfast, while everything looked good, it wasn't anything I can't make myself or find elsewhere.  (Some of the options sounded just like what I make for breakfast every day)  I will probably drop back in some time to try the pizza out but I'm not in any real hurry to get back.   When I go out for breakfast or brunch I prefer it to be more leisurely than the LGO experience3.5 for now until I can sample further menu items.
4	This place is so busy - it is most definitely not a hidden gem, although it sits back in the neighborhood.  The food and coffee are good - but most of all, I like that I can walk my dog here to get coffee and the newspaper on the weekend.  I wish that there were more places that allowed pets outside. The parking can be a pain and the ordering and picking up of food can be chaotic.  But, once you get settled - this is a good place to visit.
4	cool place, great vibe, yummy cubano sandwich.
3	I used to sware by this place but now that you have to valet I am over it.  The parking situation is the fucking worst thing ever, and don't think you can park on the street and get away with it. The cops hover like flys on shit to pass out parking tickets here. The spanish latte is killer. The commuter sandwich is yummy. All the food is good as well as the sweet stuff. I have never found a bad bottle of wine here, whomever is doing the ordering has a god palete. So if you can battle it out in the parking lot, once you get inside good things happen!
4	It's a pizzeria. Oh wait, it's a market. Oh wait, it's also a gelateria! I don't know what the hell it is, but I sure like it! We stopped here for a late lunch and I was blown away by the choices. I finally decided on a turkey sandwich, and I definitely made the right choice.  The turkey and avocado on top of the turkey was some of the freshest I've had in a while! My only complaint was that they were out of multi grain bread, but the wheat bread I substituted was very good. And my incredible sandwich came with a side fruit cup...best strawberries ever! Why can't we get this good of fruit in Chicago? Sigh....By day you can help yourself at the counter at La Grande Orange Grocery, but at night the pizzeria does wait on tables.  Yes, they do it all and next time I'll definitely be trying those incredible looking baked goods and perhaps even a pizza.
4	Pizza, gelato, tasty deli fixin's, wine, gift baskets...I could easily and very contently live off of this little "grocery". There is so much to offer! I ordered the Stacked Turkey on nine grain and it came with a little side of fresh fruit. Bliss! The avocado was so fa-resh-- I felt like I was in Cali. I also snuck a bite of my friend's Tuna Salad and savored the tuna/tomato/apple/cucumber dance party in muh mouth.The parking in the teeny lot was a bit obnoxious. Regardless, I'd kill to have a deli like this in Chicago. Panera just doesn't cut it for me now that I've been spoiled and hold higher standards!
4	What can I say that hasn't been said?  If you don't mind the continual crowds, the food they serve is predictably excellent.  The breakfast fare is exceptional and worth the (sometimes) lengthy wait, however, it would be nice to have a PA system because if you are anywhere but in the main grocery area you cannot hear them call your name.  So consequently your food may sit on the counter for a while getting cold unless you jump up and down from your seat every few minutes to check on it.  The pizza is excellent, as are the salads.  They have a decent wine selection.  The parking is abysmal and even the valets cannot find a place to stash the cars.  Between the 3 LGO places adjacent to one another, there is about 4X more human capacity than vehicle accommodations.  That being said, don't even try to order take-out, you'll get frustrated trying to find a place to park while you run in to get your food.
5	With so many reviews, I'll simply say this....Gladiator Pizza and Orange/Fennel SaladLastly.... PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE bring back the grilled lemon cake!!!! PLEEEEEEAAAASSSEEEE!!!
4	Well... good ol' Gabi K took me here for lunch a few months ago (THANKS GABI) and I've been back for lunch several times since. It's the kind of place I want to hate just because I want to hate hip, cool, yuppy crack dens. And La Grande Orange is totally a yuppy version of a crack den! Think about it. What type of stuff  = crack for wealthy suburban white people? Here is a list:GelatoCupcakes2 Hour lunches on a TuesdayGreen TeaCrap with FennelGourmet Pizza3 hour lunches on a TuesdayMulti-Grain BreadAvocadoslunch datestunaparking lots full of hybrid carslunch (in general)So because I am a self-loathing suburban white chick - I friggin' love this place!!!Now who wants to have lunch?
1	La Grande Orange Grocery has a problem. It can't decide what it wants to be when it grows up, and that makes the overall experience iffy. Is it a quick mart? A grocery store? A restaurant? A coffee shop? Unfortunately, it can't be all of them.I love La Grande Orange Pizzeria, when there is table service, fun wait-staff, and delicious food. But during the day on the weekends, the Grocery is too busy and unorganized to tolerate. It is not set up for the crowd, they do a poor job of line management, and when there is a line to order, the rest of the Grocery is impossible to navigate. To top it off, the counter staff shouts at you when your food is ready. Unnecessary.I'll certainly be back at night for the pizza, the delicious wings, and to partake of the best gelato shop adjacent to LGO. But I'm afraid that I won't be back for the weekend chaos.
1	I or someone I have been with has gotten food poisoning 3 times from this grocery/pizzeria.  That's 3 separate occasions, I have stopped going here at all!
3	I like the idea of it, I like the brunch. They are two seperate entities crammed together, though. I feel that maybe showcasing some specialty cheeses in a dish or two, having a more seasonal menu, etc would totally improve the experience. The "stuff" they sell is also a bit unrelated, a bit more sophisticated than a Spencer's or perhaps Urban Outfitter's table of funny junk and coffee table stuff. I half-expect to see a bobble-head Jesus next time I go in. Everything plays to a niche. It seems theirs is yuppie parents who revel in the novel aspect of wooden toys from France, and paying full-price for hardcover books for their toddlers.  I was excited about the Honeysuckle soap they had out the first few times I went in, but I falsely assumed they restocked stuff like that, thus missed out. It was actually the only reason I dragged my friend in the last time. At 10+ dollars, perhaps it was a blessing that it really is nothing like a grocer at all.My friend also pointed out that the breads would be really interesting/a possible future purchase if they were not stored in open air baskets next to the food pickup area.
4	We always love this place - the food is consistently great (my favorite is breakfast here - Croque Madame sandwich is awesome), the people are all pretty and fun to watch, and the merchandise is interesting and ever changing. I will say that that ordering and finding a place to sit are sometimes a cluster and who needs the extra stress around breakfast-time?  Because of the popularity, this place is sometimes slammed...a good problem to have probably.  (Don't get me started on the parking situation...).Overall though, it is always worth the effort.
3	This is a cool little place, only food i have tried is the pizza and was very good. some neat stuff in the market area. was very cramped, long lines and was a pain to get seated. not to mention parking was slim and none. its one of those places was glad to check out once but thats about it for me.
5	Any place that makes a BLT with avocado is tops in my book because bacon and avocado might possibly be my favorite two food groups. (Yes, they are their own food group.)Beyond that this place is super charming. I loved everything about it. From the novelty candies to the delicious dessert case to the kitschy toys to the kitchen items. I actually thought this place was initially called "La Garage" because it was such a mish-mash of cool stuff.I imagine if I lived in Phoenix I'd be here quite often.
4	My friend Kelly and I met at LGO last night for dinner.  I've heard of their wonderous pizza, and was excited to try.  I had the feeling that I was going to be traipsing into another restaurant haunted by the annoying hipster/emo crowd.  And I was right.  I saw a 45+ year old woman carrying a metal lunchbox purse.  Need I say more?  Good people watching, but stay and eat while you gawk!Ok, first of all, if you haven't tried the sangria, you really should.  It was light and very refreshing.  They have white sangria in the summer and red in the winter-ish months.We started with the shrimp ceviche, which was a delight to the senses -- reminded me of the Moroccan gazpacho from Pita Jungle -- but just a CRAPLOAD more expensive -- $13.  It's served with hot sauce (which really made this a killer) and tortilla chips.  For dinner Kelly and I split their pizza special -- it had heirloom tomatoes, fresh basil, fresh mozzerella with a balsmaic reduction.  Pretty much a caprezze salad on pizza.  It was HEAVENLY.  The service was pretty solid -- just maybe not as attentive as I'd like.  I agree with some of the other posters that the parking sitch can be a little tenuous.  It's a tiny parking lot, with tons of people trying to get in, so be warned.The grocery was absolutely charming, but rather overpriced.  If you love funky candles, this would be a great place to look -- tons of choices, but again, they're a little pricey.All in all, this would be an ideal place to take friends or family that are visiting.  LGO is just the kind of place you WISH you had in every neighborhood!
4	WOW!While it is a bit chaotic, and my order took about 20 minutes (they gave me 2 free breakfasts for the wait), their breakfast was the BOMB!!!I had a large coffee (delicious Viennese blend) and the Croque Madame.Un-freakin-believable! They threw some grilled tomatoes into the mix of this fantastic dish. The ingredients tasted fresh, and the toast stayed crisp (soggy bread with a crooque madame suck). I had a couple of bites of my wife's commuter sandwich (scrambled eggs, bacon, tomatoes on fresh baked English Muffins) which was also delicious!Again, if I ever find myself in the desert again, I'll hit this up each and every morning for wakey-wakey, eggs and bakey!
4	Cool neighborhood grocery store.  The have more of the specialty items... it's not like you can get everything here.  They do have a good Sandwich bar and also make great pizza's and salads at the restaurant end of the store.
4	My favorite item is the blackberry bran muffin, it's Amazing. Weekends it can be fierce, parking, waiting in line, and then on top of that seating is like musical chairs. But other then that it's definately worth it. Wish I lived closer because i would be there everyday.
4	I work close to La Grande and yes it is very convenient however I have given up on going inside just because no matter what I feel like I am in the way and no I am never going to find a seat.  Yay breakfast until 5Boo burnt coffee
5	It is REALLY hard to rate La Grande Orange because there are so many amazing things about it, but it is so hard to find parking.ProsThe food is really, really amazingThey have an awesome selection of things you wont see day to dayThey have really tasty coffee drinksIndoor and Outdoor seatingConsThe parking is really really roughThey are priceyYou have to wait in some pretty long linesTry the commuter with avacado. It's amazing. Also, they have excellent chai.. and their english muffins are TO DIE FOR.If you live in the area and can walk there, you are set. I used to live a half mile away and would take a walk there for breakfast. The absolute best way to start your day, IMO.
4	Ok, let me first start by saying that this place is truly a gem. The pizza's are absolutely delicious and the service was so Friendly!!! Yes it deserves the emphasis of the capital "F"! I had the Roasted Corn Pizza, which was so good, it had roasted corn (obviously) goat cheese, roasted tomatoes, and Fresh basil. It was truly divine! The two other people I was with had sandwiches, they too declared satisfaction...The boutique style market is very quaint, but did seem spendy so I avoided it...The dessert's looked beautiful, but I did not buy...Visually they looked dreamy....The iced tea did have free refills which was also a positive (considering the $2 price tag)...so here is the reason it only got four starts....the parking lot is absolutely horrifying there are 20 spots (maybe)!!! And to be honest $13 for a relatively small pizza is a lot IMO...the sandwiches were also pricy...but of a once in a while visit I think I could justify it.
4	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place.Excellent food, superior iced tea and a fabulous environment.The only problem .... is the parking. It is next to impossible! Usually I just valet but sometimes I am lucky to find a spot (depending on what time of day and what day of the week it is!)I highly recommend the Cubano sandwich, the Padre pizza and their iced tea (w/ an orange and one Equal, mmm, it's delish.)And if you have to wait in line for 10-15 mins, trust me.. it's worth it!
5	I've been to La Grande Orange (or LGO as Gabi seems to refer to it) more times than any other business in Phoenix! I even ate here twice yesterday and have to admit I'm thinking about going back before I leave town today!  I've learned that La Grande does more than make a mean sandwich- they also have some of the best yogurt/granola I've ever had and have decent sushi for being a grocery (I recommend the spicy tuna).But my favorite part of LGO- the curbside checkout! We called to place our order, pulled up, and a lovely gentleman brought the food to our car.  Now, that's good service! I need that in Chicago to get me thru the winter!!
4	I don't leave Downtown often (read: ever) because there isn't much I can't find between 19th Ave & 16th St.However, there are a few notable exceptions, one being the Commuter sandwich. Sometimes I wake up thinking about it, and my only option to clear my mind is to find the quickest way to Arcadia.Fluffy scrambled eggs, tomato, mayo & filling of choice (I generally opt for the bacon or avocado) on a huge, warm, homemade English muffin. t is simple.. yet exquisite to my taste buds. I usually get a Tammie Coe cupcake to go for later consumption, but today I got a Halloween-themed chocolate & orange cupcake from the LGO Bake Shop, and it was one of the best cupcakes I've ever had..& I've had a lot of cupcakes in my day.There is always a line but unless you're in a hurry it's not so bad since there is so much to look at while waiting. There are always new, random knickknacks and cute greeting cards. Today I checked out a cell phone holder that hoists your phone while it charges.. interesting.. The shop tends to be pretty pricey, but I guess that doesn't bother me so much since I keep going back.I really do hate trying to park though.
4	No trip to Phoenix is complete without at least one visit to LGO.  The Spanish Latte is now the Havana Latte, but I'm protesting and still ordering the Spanish...just to show them that I've been around since the beginning.  I'm an ol' time LGO'er.  The menu has been expanded a little and I'm ok with that.  Service seems to have picked up a little in the speed department, which is good.  I'll probably be back one more time before I head to the airport back to Chicago.
4	My wife and I visited LGO a while back and we were both impressed and enjoyed our meal. The WINGS were by far the best I have ever tasted. Our pizza was great, we had the pepperoni and ricotta. It does get kinda crowded and chaotic on weekend nights. The grocery store in pretty cool but didn't buy anything. Like a previous review, it did feel like a upscale Cracker Barrel. All around a great place to eat. Also, Take a camera so you can take pictures of all the lame hipster clowns that try to make it all about them. They are the only downside to LGO.
4	Wow, this place was fresh, tasty, and reasonably priced -- a great trifecta! Add in fast, and you've got a winner. Right after my arrival into PHX, Gabi K. brought me here, one of her favorite places for lunch.  I knew she had good taste!I grabbed an avocado BLT, and I couldn't even believe how generous they were with the bacon -- there must have been 6-8 slices piled onto that sandwich, and it was just the right crispness. Bacon is to credit and blame for my fall from 12 years of vegetarianism, so this much bacon still feels truly indulgent! They have a great assortment of salads, sushi, and beverages.  They also have loads of specialty foods, including jams and spreads, as well as some gift items. On the gift side of things, I admired some cool and colorful re-purposed magazines that were made into decorative vessels. It really seemed like a wonderful one-stop place to have in the neighborhood. I like the idea of being able to pick up a quality sandwich, some groceries, and a present for someone, all at once!
5	Boutique market, prepared foods to go, bottle shop, breakfast stop, pizza/sushi sit down dinner, sandwich shop - Well, which is it? It's all of these and more.I've been to LGO at least 50 times and loved every different visit. I'll have their home made granola, yogurt & fruit, before I run into work. The granola is amazing tasty fresh.The grilled tuna and turkey sandwiches are really good, always with a side of sliced fresh fruit.The vibe is high energy, comfortable. This staff is very well managed & efficient, everyone seems to be self directed and team oriented,  in keeping this place running like clock work. The workers have a healthy/casual glow which seems to mirror clientele - all makes for great people watching.Every time I'm in, they have unique items to shop for,  fun packaging & vivid colors.Really like the music mix, which is an LGO private collection. You're not going to hear this selection anywhere else.Always a top stop, when I visit Phoenix.
5	There is a reason this place is a Phoenix foodie institution...simple fare and baked goods done to perfection is a cool, artsy setting. everything is fresh and flavorful and it is fun to browse the market while waiting. Absolutely charming.
5	Yeah, I know that everyone has wrote a review about this placeIt took me a while to get up to try this quaint little gem out, but it was well worth the wait. I went up on Sunday afternoon (12/1/08) for brunch with my friend Jamie. Both of us we pleasantly surprised on the nice little location on the corner and little picnic style table outside. First we walked around and looked at all the specialty items that were scattered around the store. Being a wine enthusiast, I got to see some interesting wines sitting in their beautiful wine racks. For how busy it was in there, it only took us 2 minutes to order, because of their employees to help guide you though. Both of us ordered delicious egg sandwiches on english muffins. Having choices of different topping I went with avocado, sausage, tomato, and cheese. With Jamie doing the similar, but with bacon. (There was a jealously generous amount of it too!) While we waited for the sandwiches, we got coffees from their espresso bar, and walked around the shop some more. After grabbing the sandwiches and taking them outside to share a picnic table with some strangers, we devoured our orders and sipped out coffees. I was very impressed with the style and uniqueness of this quaint little gem.
5	La Grande Orange is my second home. You will find me here most weeekdays with my laptop enjoying the free WIFI and some yummy food. This place tends to confuse people, so here is the deal. La Grande Orange is owned by the ever so easy on the eyes Craig DeMarco. He also owns Postino Wine Cafe (2 locations), La Grande Orange Pizzeria and Radio Milano in the valley in addition to a few in California.First of all the Grocery or LGO is not really a Grocery. It is a self-serve restaurant featuring Breakfast and Lunch all day. In addition they sell lots of Wine, Specialty Grocery items and lots of stuff you never knew you needed. Once you get your food you may sit outside or at the few inside tables or you may also sit in the Pizzeria side till 4pm. This is where it gets fuzzy. On Fridays you can also order Pizza in the Grocery starting at noon  and eat it in the Pizzeria until 4pm. At 4pm they start full service and then you have to be seated and are waited on. Confusing to newbies, but it works. This place is full of regulars. Mostly business types, Self Employed or others than can take a 2-3 hour lunch. They have WIFI and so people come and get some work done while having a bite and there are always several tables with casual meetings or get togethers. It is a comfortable inviting place once you know the drill. My only beef is they don't serve Breakfast Alcoholic drinks like Bloody Marys or Mimosas, but I would never leave if they did, so all is well, Try their Havana Latte, Croque Madame, San Danielle Special Sandwich, any Salad... You can't go wrong here.
2	I use to enjoy coming here, but it seems like the food has gone down hill slightly for the price.  The english muffins are great if you don't have the time/patience to make them at home, good for a quick fix.  The last time I stopped in the pastry was dried out and the coconut cupcake was partially frozen.  Also the coffee wasn't hot and the bar girl had an attitude when I asked if she had any newly brewed.  Nothing verbal just a snippy push of an airpot in my direction.  They have tried to improve service, still some mistakes on take away, ie; wrong pastries.  Parking is insane as it has been for several years. I think they should get rid of one of the retail displays and allow just a tad more room in front of the coffee bar.  I thought a fight would erupt one day recently when the place was packed and there was a girl waiting to get coffee and her friend asked if she was ready, she replied that if she would be if people would stop hogging the coffee bar.  I thought she was being funny and must know the guy in front of her, but by his look when he turned to look at her, I realized they weren't together.  I waited for the verbal burst of profanity, but none came and I applaud his patience with the uppity little wannabee.  I've had better, but I am here and there aren't too many other alternatives for counter service.  One suggestion for LGO, please use biodegradable take-away containers.
4	Good neighborhood sandwich place.
4	Fresh baked goods, lunch items, coffee, and fun products! Everything cool all under one roof!Loved their little LGO t-shirts, eco-friendly goods, fun kids items, specialty dog accessories, and even their signature mug was something special. I love unique stores like these that put a local stamp on their wares.And I love things like homemade english muffins (HUGE!) and smores scones. DELISH. The fun cakes in their window display are from the cake shop in the same shopping center. Not to mention that they are connected to the pizzeria and gelateria so it's an easy walk through to everything.La Grande Orange is one of those cute and cool local shops that you just cannot miss!
5	La Grande Orange is one of my favorite breakfast places. I always try to make a stop here whenver I'm in the Valley. It's in a nice, quiet neighborhood with a view of Camelback Mountain. The place always seems to be packed whenever I go, but that just shows how good it is. You order at the counter and can sit in the market, the pizzeria, or outside (be warned, seating is hard to find at peak times). There are two places to get coffee, one inside the market and one in the outdoor seating area. On top of serving good food, they have a small gourmet market that sells all sorts of things related to food. I had the daybreaker the last time I was here. It is an egg white omelet with turkey and tomato-avocado salsa on top. It is really good. It has a very fresh taste to it and it feels healthy, yet satisfying. I had bacon on the side, which was excellent. It was nice and crispy, as well as full of grease, the way bacon should be. Overall, if you're looking for a great breakfast place in Phoenix, head to LGO. I have yet to eat lunch or dinner here, but I hope I can next time I'm in Phoenix.
3	If you're looking for breakfast, I guess this place is better than going to Denny's.  Huge with the Arcadia and hipster crowd.  Emphasis should be placed on 'crowd'.  It's very cramped here in the mornings and sometimes finding a place to sit at La Grande Orange can be a 'Grande Headache'.  The breakfast is OK.  The turkey that they serve on their sandwiches does not seem to be of high quality to me.  However, one thing it is high in is sodium.
2	I went there again for breakfast recently and I'm afraid that I must downgrade my rating.  We were in line to order and only had two people ahead of us, one of the LGO girls approached us and recommended that we go outside and place our order with the barrista (AKA coffee lady) because it would be 'faster'.  So we did and ended up waiting for another almost 10 mins just to place our order.  Maybe she meant it would piss me off 'faster'.  The breakfast I received was barely room temperature.  The eggs were supposed to be accompanied with avocado which (technically) I suppose they were, however, I assumed that this meant more than 3 dice sized pieces of avocado.  I felt like Gulliver; was I growing or was my food just getting smaller?  I asked one of the girls who work at LGO if the three ultra-mini cubes of avocado was considered to be a normal portion, she just looked at me like she was coming down off a pot binge and said she wasn't sure and that if I was 'OK with it', I should just go ahead and eat it.  Duh...ya think?  I'm thinking she didn't quite make the cut when they were recruiting at NASA.   Then I went to the guy at the pizza oven and showed him my mini food and he just laughed out loud and asked someone to throw some more avocado on my plate.  Anyway, I finally ate my now almost cold and fairly flavorless breakfast and must say that LGO seems to be resting on its laurels.  The food quality is just so-so.  I think this place is just another case of the 'Emperor's New Clothes' with people thinking 'Everybody else is in orgasmic rapture over this place, I guess that means that I should be too'.  Well, I'm here to say that the emperor is buck naked.
4	the food was really good but the flow of traffic in that place is stupid. I am not a big fan of the LA wannabes either, it's a place to eat so knock it off.
4	Great place for breakfast, lunch or dinner. It's super busy on the weekends so be prepared to wait in long lines in the restaurant as well as outside in the parking area. They serve up pizzas, gourmet salads, gourmet sandwiches, breakfast sandwiches, freshly squeezed juices and all sorts of other things, all made to order. You order everything upfront at the counter and then pick it up once its made. Good luck with finding a table in their huge dining area...so if you want to experience the la grande orange cafe then go early or after the lunch rush.
3	I agree that La Grande Orange is overly corporate. I also agree that the parking sucks. Hell--if you have a complaint about La Grande Orange, I probably agree with it. If I didn't work just a mile away, I probably would never make the trek to this place. However, I'd still probably give "LGO" three stars for two reasons: 1. The sandwiches - all that I've tried are solidly good and not too expensive given similarly priced sandwiches elsewhere in the area2. The great selection of artisan products and unique gifts - back in December, I found some amazing stuff over lunch to give to some of my friends and family for ChristmasIf you are any of the following I'd recommend checking LGO out:-Coming in from out of town and looking for a breakfast or lunch spot that's more of a destination-A local resident that wants a place to hang out on a lazy weekend morning-Someone who works nearby and has the opportunity to take a leisurely lunch If not, skip the drive and look for a local place that isn't as overhyped or crowded.
4	So.... I have been here many, many times and agree that peak hours might not be the time to come if you are in a hurry or don't want to stalk someone to find a table, but it is the perfect place to come if you come during off hours or want to people watch.  I would have to say that the French Pancakes w/fruit and creme fraiche and organic coffee are my staple.  My main complaint was by the time I pick up my food and get settled at my table, they were cold or warm at best.  My bf came in from North Carolina for a visit and she wanted to revisit her fave bfast spot so we made it up to LGO around 9:30 on a Monday.  To my pleasant surprise they had changed their plasti-ware/plate service to the real thing!  Oh... how I love an unexpected surprise especially of the non-plastic nature.  We ordered French Pancakes, Croque Madame, Pumpkin/choco muffin, Almond croissant and coffee.  All yummy and perfectly hot for our dining pleasure.  As always, browsing through their supply of fun and funky stuff in the "maybe I can't live without this trinket" section leaves you wanting to buy that special something for yourself.  I wonder if I can ever get past this evil LGO marketing technique.So.... come in and enjoy during off hours and miss the table stalking and parking nightmare.  It is definitely a good value and good food.
4	I have dined here a couple times.. I first took my wife there in late November for a birthday lunch after a trip the Phx Art Museum. I had stopped by there previously to pick-up some of the coconut cupcakes made by Tammy Coe also located in the same center.. Anyways, I tried the BLT with avocado and some fresh fruit. Very good, bacon is crispy and the sourdough is great.. If your looking for a good small wine selection, check it out. I like they have some hard to find Shiraz which normally retail for $20-$30 bux elsewhere!The cupcakes are all very good.. I like the red velvet and the coconut..
5	I'm updating my review because I had the pizza for the first time...OHMY GOD ....Generally I try and stay away from :hype: items, but their pizza is KILLER. Like, just the cheese... was AH-MAY-ZINGGGG!!!Also, the iced tea is so freaking good. I love that they put oranges in it, and you can actually get the loose leaf tea they use while you are shopping! On a Sunday evening, the place was busy but I was able to find parking and they were taking orders at three different counters, so it was much more efficient than usual :)
4	I'm lucky cause LGO is in my neighborhood. This little spot has the best ready-made sushi rolls around and the atmosphere is unmatched -- great energy with a mish-mash of different kinds of people. LGO attracts everyone and for good reason -- they've got a great selection of sandwiches, pizzas, desserts, and beverages at reasonable prices coupled with a laid-back vibe that you just can't find just anywhere else in the city.
5	There's nothing not to love...It's rare to find a place that's so unusual in the middle of Phoenix. Everything is good and they have these french pancakes that I can't resist getting each time I go. That's a problem because their pizza is so good... So now I figure I'll still get the french pancakes and take a pizza home for dinner.I just like the whole atmosphere. Very city like with tight cramped rows of grocery items and gifts along with tables scattered about to sit and enjoy the weather. Sandwiches, Breakfast, Pizza and don't forget the most beautiful decorated cakes I've ever seen. I have yet to try them because they appear dangerous to my thighs.
3	Too much hype about this place, really.  The menu is creative and it has a good concept but I think they are resting on their laurels.  We had the Orange Fennel Salad and the Margarita Pizza.  The salad was fresh and heavily dressed, good stuff.  The pizza was some of the worst I've had.  Very arrogant and unappreciative staff, except for the busboy/waiter that they bossed around, he was nice.One note, I had heard that Phx can be a pretty vapid place, full of plastic people who are out of touch with reality.  Living in Tempe and spending time in downtown Phx, I had no contact with this side of Phx really.  Enter Le Grande Orange.
4	My wife and I usually go to LGO at about 4:00PM on weekdays, when most of the ridiculous "see and be seen" crowd is gone.  The Commuter Sandwich is good, as is the Cubano.  Luckily, we live close enough to walk...Parking here is tough, I would imagine.  Although it is called a "Grocery", I think "gift shop" would be more appropriate.  They do have a decent cheese display, although overpriced.  Just don't arrive here thinking that you'll be able to buy actual ingredients for everyday cooking.  If you can walk here, it's pretty good.
4	This has to be one of my favorite breakfast places near Tempe. Although it is a little frustrating when it is super busy(which is majority of the time) it is well worth it. And for a college student, it a little out of budget so I only go here when the parents visit or to treat myself! I am obsessed with the chocolate pumpkin muffins. My only thing is I feel like I see people that have ordered really cool dishes yet I never see them on the menu? Am I missing something? Great food, entertaining atmosphere, couldn't ask for more
5	i am begining to think they don't sell anything short of amazing.french pancakes- stellarturkey stacked sandwhich- stellarchoco pudding- beyond stellarthey even have curb side which i love when i swing by during my lunch break.  i just love this place!
4	Breakfast is my favorite at LGO, especially very early when there is still seating and parking. This morning reading my paper over poached eggs, I realized the crowd is starting to wear on me - some guy at the next table was loudly pontificating about " and then Senator So-And-So told me...", while the hard body bikers glided past, and a couple of Angelina Jolie clones with tousled just-out-of-bed hair, pucci-style (or real?) sundresses slinked in...if you look like like me in the morning (a poor schlump lucky to get her shirt on right side out - maybe), definitely gird your self-esteem before braving the LGO morning crowd. Ok, I still love the food, the outdoor seating, and the cool knickknacks; so being rather thick skinned about my schlumpiness, I continue to go. But jeez I'm gonna puke if I hear any more Senator So-and-So conversations.
5	I wish they could make me personal breakfast every morning !! The french pancakes are soo soo good. The pizza I didn't really like that much. The crust turned me off.Stick with the breakfast food!
2	Its one of these places, where everybody tells you how cool it is and how good the food is. But the food is average, quite often cold (as calling the client names is very inefficient) and the food is far away from the supposedly organic/healthy image this place has.
3	I enjoyed frequenting La Grande Orange when I lived right up the street. Now that I live further away, I find myself very uninterested in making a special trip for it. It has little to do with the food - although they've gotten my husband's "well-done poached eggs" order wrong 9 out of 10 times - and more to do with, well, everything else. The parking situation is beyond ridiculous. The seating situation is the same. They play groovy tunes, but need to dial back the volume. Great wine selection, but you can't drink it there (unless you're in the pizza side at night, I think). They used to have more specialty food items in the grocery section and fewer chochkies. I love the chopped turkey salad, but last time I got it - a few months ago - it was missing some key ingredients. I felt cheated, quite frankly.The best reason to visit is the Tammy Coe baked goods. If you see bread pudding under the counter, buy it immediately and hoard as many as you can - it is heaven in a takeout bucket. That would make me want to make a special trip!
4	Ooo yes, me likey.After a super long flight and arriving in hot and steamy Phoenix, Gabi whisked me away to La Grande Orange Grocery, and I must say her decision was spot on. I had no idea what to order from their expansive menu (I never know whether to order breakfast food or lunch food at places like this!) but once I saw a croque madame it became the only option. Things were bustling around this cute little spot, selling various wares to whoever might really feel the need for a cute whisk or a new card game. I witnessed a woman making fresh grapefruit juice, and despite not liking grapefruit I was tempted to order some for myself. I was quite pleased with my sandwich, secretly happy it was lighter than some of the other croque madames of my past; slathered in various types of sauce and piled high with meat and cheese. No, this portion was perfection: filling and certainly sinful without being over the top.
5	One of my favorite places to grab a quick bit, a delicious dessert, or something fun from the the store!
3	I've been in the valley for 3 years - the social vacuum that is Chandler, to be exact. Because to get anywhere cool other than Downtown Chandler takes google-mapping and planning for drive-time and checking for construction on the 101, 60, 202, I rarely leave my 'hood. Sad. I know.I kept hearing about LGO from friends, coworkers and others who've apparently always dealt with driving everywhere and don't see this as a major pain in the ass. Poor souls just haven't lived where walking and public transportation are all you really need, and everything awesome is just a short walk or train ride away. My god, I miss NYC... but I digress.LGO.My friend Monika and I planned to meet for breakfast at The Farm at South Mountain (yet another place to which I hadn't taken a "road trip" in these 3 years). When we got there, it was closed for summer. Oops. Guess we should've checked. Standing in the parking lot across the street, stomachs rumbling, beautiful morning... She says, "Oh, how about La Grande Orange? I know you haven't been there, and you'll like it."Monika is a non-local local and knows everything about everywhere. She is one of the people who has most influenced my decisions on which places I've decided to go check out and she's always spot on with her recommendations. So LGO it was. She already had me out, and I had a full tank of gas. Let's drive. And drive we did (well, more than I like to, or am used to, but truly it was maybe 15-20 minutes from The Farm when all was said and done, on a Friday morning, after 8AM).Was it worth it? The food (at least this time around), not so much, but the overall experience, definitely.  The breakfast I ordered wasn't "oh-my-god-the-best-egg-white-omelet-i've-ever-had" but it was good. It was also the first egg white omelet I ever get that is not covered in oil, isn't huge, and isn't overstuffed. It was a normal portion, for a normal person, with an average appetite. It's called the Daybreaker: egg whites (they come like that, it isn't an extra $1.50 like it is at some places), turkey, and a tomato-avocado salsa. I tend to order healthier breakfasts, though I always fantasize about the pancakes or waffles. If I can share those with someone, then I'm game, but I know Monika and I both tend to sit on the "healthy" side of things, so I didn't even suggest it. She ordered eggs, toast and jam. Pretty simple breakfast, but again, very normal sized portions, nothing looked shiny with oil. I know you all were probably hoping I'd dish out rave reviews about something else, like the pastries in the case, or their breads... I promise  I'll return, and I will indulge in something other than egg whites, in the name of Yelping.  But truly, my fairly-priced Daybreaker omelet was good - not great. The tomato-avocado salsa truly gave it that "mmm".I also noticed on the sandwich menu that they have a Cuban sandwich, aptly named Cubano. Not so sure it'll taste authentic, but I'm not a Cuban food snob, and if some non-Cubans are giving it an honest try, even putting their own spin on it, I'll try it. And I'll probably love it (or at least like it a lot). You can't go wrong with a Cuban sandwich, especially one whose special spin is Gruyere cheese and spicy brown mustard. I'll let you know. Promise. They have sushi (which I won't eat, ever, anywhere, any kind), salads, and some other breakfasts - egg dishes, yogurt/granola, oatmeal, burrito, etc. Nothing that really calls to me. So I'll likely just return for the Cuban sandwich and pastries.It wasn't really the food that was good about this place. More than the food, I just loved the environment. Yes, there were people having conversations on a phone or with another person. People on laptops. Some tourists. So what? Live and let live, you know? We spent 15 minutes eating and then 2 hours perusing the shop/market. They've got some unusual items, gourmet/specialty candy, ingredients, mixes and other foods, some really neat gifts for people and pets and some awesome art. Not sure how often or what kind of variety they carry. When I went they had these really interesting vases, one-of-a-kind, with things written on them. They were funny, or twisted (or both), and totally thought-provoking. The artist is Kaelyn Loes. I may pick up one or two for some good friends who I know appreciate "word art."As for parking - it sucks, but we got lucky. The parking lot is across the street and tiny, and I can see this being a problem. In fact, others' reviews mention that too. I read somewhere that the designer for LGO did this on purpose to encourage foot traffic and make this place a "community" gathering spot for the area locals, so I appreciate the concept. and you won't find me bitching about the parking situation. Final word? If you live in the valley, go at least once. It's not like any of the boring, personality-lacking chain places at every strip mall. A diversion from the predictable crap on every corner in suburbia.
4	Seeing that my last review was in December 2007, I figure it's about time that I write a quick update!  I'm still a huge fan of LGO... as a matter of fact, I'm still a regular!  Mostly I go for breakfast and lunch.  I've never been disappointed with my order there.  My latest favorite item is the commuter sandwich on a whole wheat tortilla.  I get it with egg whites and avocado and it is delicious!I love the iced tea, and I also love the fun retail items on sale at LGO.  It's best to go during non-prime hours so you don't have to fight the crowds or the parking situation...I am a forever fan of LGO - I cannot get enough!
2	I would agree that the food and pastries here are above average, but when I walk into a small, crowded, noisy place and don't know where to go for a simple beverage and no employee seems to notice my perplexity or to care, I come away feeling the place is pretentious, snobby, confusing and out of my league. Which is too bad, because it's right in my neighborhood. I sense that if you're a regular here, then probably you feel welcome and the employees chat you up all time. But not all of us can afford to be regulars here. This is at least the third time that La Grande Orange's uppity ambience has annoyed me, so I don't feel guilty about the poor review.
5	This review is for the food only.  If you care about parking and what kind of extras they sell that aren't food related you'll have to check out another review.I love LGO.  The food is absolutely top notch and I love how the menu has both traditional fare and a few things you've never heard of like their Venice Beach Burrito which is filled with scrambled eggs, tofu chorizo, spinach, and other goodies.  It comes with a side of salsa which also fantastic.  I eat breakfast here all the time and I have never been disappointed.  Also, if you're in a hurry grab one of their pre-made granola/yogurt/fruit parfaits, Yum!
5	Okay, so it's not their fault that the parking sucks like no other....it makes me feel like I'm back in L.A. though!The atmosphere here is fun. It's noisy, it is great for people watching and there are a lot to see (and, if you're like me, BUY)The staff always seems to be smiling, and are helpful when asked, BUT this will never be the Nordstrom of restaurants.So here are the things you have to try! They are WONDERFUL!Mia's French PancakesCroque MadamCommuter Sandwich (either with avacado or salmon, both are great)Jersey Girl OmeleteThe Cubano SandwichThe RuebenGuacamole BLTI forget the name, but its either a Spanish or a Mexican Latte is wonderful!I also love the little pickle slices  they serve!! So good!The Tammy Coe cakes are so good too! I love the designs! very creative use of fondant!
4	Get the English Muffin!  Freshly baked and amazing!  Get anything with an English Muffin and you'll be happy.  If you happen to be allergic to wheat or gluten, don't get it- it will make you feel bad.  Get something else instead.
5	I went in here while waiting for my reservation at the pizzeria. I ended up buying 2 bottles of wine and a $40.00 dollar dog  collar! The wine was less expensive! This is a very cute high end grocery and the desserts are so good I almost dropped dead! The peanut butter pie is to die! The parking sucks but you can valet if needed! I have never had bad service and I am not a high end kinda of person. I am from Indiana for Gods sakes! I have had always respectful and polite service!  I like this grocery, its cute and Phoenix needs this place!
2	La Grande Orange---La Confusing. When I walked in I felt totally disoriented trying to figure out where I was supposed to go. It was nice I met someone here who had been before. He showed me the ropes. Ordered the San Danielle Sandwich - simple grilled type of sandwich. Nothing spectacular, but was satisfying for the most part. The outside, which was most likely sprayed with the butter crap was way toooooo salty for my tastes.  The people were pretty nice, a nice play to sit and have a conversation.I guess that's all I have to say about it. Wish I had more passion for the place....
3	I only love this place for getting together on lazy sundays with my girls! Im NOT crazy about the atmosphere nor counter service.. The breakfast/brunch choices are good..Im always into the poached eggs with proscuitto on english muffin.. we always get coffee and chase it with a bottle of good wine! WHICH, you can buy in the store and they will open / cork it for you.. but NOT serve you...which is fine! Ive had the Sonoma Salad.. Im not into that its in the refrigerator there as 'premade'.. but good for the grab/go.. Im just into 'fresh built'.. :-)
3	I know that saying something negative about this place is like calling your baby ugly. With that said, I think we may have an ugly baby here. Don't get me wrong, there are some redeeming factors here, but for the most part I think that there might be a bit more hype than anything going on these days at La Grande.I went here for lunch today not recalling that 50% of their menu is not available 100% of the time and that kind of bummed me out because that means no pizza until 4 pm during the week unless it is Friday or Saturday and no burgers unless it is Friday or Saturday.  Either way, 11:15 am on Wednesday means I have a full choice of sandwiches, pastries, salads, and breakfast choices.  Many will say that those choices should be more than enough to choose from if I am willingly going to dine here.  Well...it wasn't my day to pick the lunch spot.  A work colleague actually picked it which is amusing due to my second gripe: between the loud music, gabbing hikers, lunching ladies on their way to or from the Biltmore or Fashion Square, the place doesn't necessarily lend itself to normal conversation.  That is assuming there is a place for everyone to sit. Just because you are alone, with your latte and laptop doesn't mean that you need to take up an entire 4 top to yourself.  The place itself and the atmosphere just doesn't feel as "phoenix" as I recall when I first went. Something has changed. I feel like all of the LA transplants come here to recharge and then go off again to do their thing. It only made me laugh harder when I was leaving the restaurant and noticed the sign on the door that read "LGO now open in Santa Monica." Yahtzee! That is exactly where I thought I was anyways during lunch so I guess it makes sense that they opened another one out there.  I also think that the flow can be improved from finding parking, to the ordering, to the waiting at the end of the counter for your food, to finding a seat.  I would think for all the hassle I was going to get served a plate of food that was made from the water of the fountain of youth or at least a hint at the secret of life.  But alas my $8.00 tuna salad sandwich only came with a couple of pickles and a watermelon wedge.While I will say one of the redeeming is the food (although an $8.00 sandwich has to be pretty damn fantastic to be $8.00). My tuna salad on 9 grain was fresh, not too much mayo or other junk in it.. It is served with tomato, cucumber, apple and greens. I will be honest, the tuna is stacked high, but the bread is overly toasted and I hardly tasted the apple. But I repeat, the tuna salad itself was pretty good.I know when I first tried La Grande I liked it a lot. I thought the breakfast was great and I truly enjoyed the scene there. These days it just seems like it has lost a bit of it's luster for me. I am sure I will be back in the future and will give it another chance. It will probably be when I can get dropped off, have called in my order ahead of time and it is between the hours of 4 and 5 pm on a Friday so I can freely order from the entire menu.
4	Great place for meeting friends.  Good eats.  The english muffins are amazing!  Highly recommend this place.
4	The tuna sandwich is fabulous!!! Definitely visit this place!!
4	stopped by after dinner at the parlor and was pleasantly surprised. the desert selection was a little less european than I was hoping, and tended more toward the overly sweet/cloying end of the spectrum, but for the most part I really liked what I saw. I'll be back for sure, mostly to check out attached gelato bar and pizza parlor. Looks like they converted three storefronts in a mini strip mall layout into a connected grocery store/deli/pizza parlor/gelato bar. high concept stuff, and pretty well pulled off, at least from an aesthetics stand point.
2	It seems that there are brunch people that don't mind a bit of chaos, while there are also those that prefer a bit more structure/order.  LGO caters to the former, while I am a member of the latter group.  Blasting this place would be unfair, since it's just not my type of brunch place.Objectively speaking, there was a ton of people there and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  Parking was an f-ing hassle, as others have expressed.  The kitchen was rocking it, though.  The dry goods and wine selection seemed worthwhile.  Can't comment on the food or coffee...it was all too much to deal with, and had to get the hell out of there before I could order anything.If you don't mind the high-energy brunch scene, this place is probably pretty good.  If you do, you might want to skip it.
5	This place is da bomb dot com. If you love Whole Foods then you'll love this mini-version. It's a cafe, coffee shop, pastry shop, and grocer that sells anything from fresh greens and post cards to hot sauces and wine.Gabi K brought me here for a small pre-flight brunch. We walked directly up to the counter and ordered from the menu. Like what I saw: lots of health-conscious entrees. Everything looked so delish, especially those breakfast plates they were flinging across the counter with egg whites so artfully laid out alongside fresh fruit and multi-grain toast. After placing our order, we snagged a very small table near the bottled wine. There I spot various jams; particularly the mimosa jam caught my eye, made with oranges and Champagne. I bought that for a future birthday brunch we're planning at the lake, along with some peanut butter dog treats for my little schmoopie. When our food finally came out, just minutes later, my seared ahi tuna sandwich (new to the menu) with avocado, greens and tangy sauce was soon just an empty plate with a few bread crumbs and a watermelon slice. It was a large serving stuffed with so many fresh goods, but even more delectable I devoured it before I could even ask Miss Gabi how she was enjoying her Commuter breakfast taco. Also a popular item.Love the vibe here, It's lively, friendly, local and smells fabulous with that coffee/cafe aroma. And they have free wi-fi too. Wouldn't mind sitting around for a few hours and get some work done. Til next time La Grande Orange.
4	After a wonderful meal over at LGO Pizzeria, my group and I wandered over the grocer that's attached to the restaurant.  I believe I may have actually been floored by just how cool and fun this little grocery shop/bakery/cafe was.It didn't really matter that it was after 7pm and many of the baked goods were half off, they all just looked absolutely amazing.  Even my non-sweet tooth itched to try those truly seductive red velvet cupcakes or the decadent peanut butter chocolate cake.  Even the cookies looked soft, chewy, and delicious.(Yeah, this is all coming from someone who can't walk in to most ice cream parlors as they simply smell too sugary.)The place is charming but very tiny.  Just like the cripplingly small parking lot.  Even so, it's easy to find yourself wandering about in search of some hidden treasure, consumable or not, because you know they're there.  It's just that type of place.
4	Look, this is just fine as a great neighborhood family spot, but it clearly fails as a destination (see parking complaints).  A friend and I used to go here on Saturdays/Sundays after hiking Camelback because he lived in the area.  While I would never travel from afar to go here, I have to admit that I want one near me.  They absolutely get it right, handling a huge volume of brunch orders on weekends and keeping it all moving relatively smoothly with always good food.  Nothing exciting, but good.Note: the core demographic seems to be shifting to more and more young parents like ourselves.  So I wouldn't advise bringing your hangover here to encounter the screaming babies.Also, please don't glare at me over the rim of your paper coffee cup because I look like I just went hiking.  It's a freakin' grocery store with a cafe in it!  Get over yourself.
3	The place has tasty, fresh and natural food. But the 3 stars goes because service is a big chaos!. The self service doesn't work with the place stuffed with shelf after shelf of products. They have ppl "working" there, but no one seems to do much, and when ever you are waiting for your order, the question "what are you waiting?" won't make your order faster. Parking? the free valet parking is just an illusion. Other than that...the best is the gelato place next to them.
4	I wish they had this type of place in the bay! Extremely cute grocery store where you can pick up a bottle of wine to enjoy with Sunday brunch. There were fresh baked goods, fresh squeezed OJ, freshly made salads and desserts galore! I ordered the croque madame and enjoyed it so! It's pretty crowded on the w/e, so come early & have a friend save a table. They're pretty organized so the line moves quickly and cashiers are very friendly :)
5	Wow,it's been over a year since I have come here.  What in the world was I thinking?  I forgot how much I liked the unique and tastey sandwiches here.After a long grueling Camelback Mtn hike my friend said we should come here for a bite.  Glad I agreed to and that part.  My muscles everywhere on my body were hurting, but that sandwich made me forget all about them as we sat on the patio.I know parking is a nightmare on this corner in Arcadia, but who cares about that.  Great place to people watch and enjoy great food at the same time.  I definitely won't wait another year until my next visit.
5	Frequent LGO-er. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Parking continues to be an issue, but the proprietors have made strides in improving the experience for drivers. Ideal for neighbors within walking, biking distance (thank goodness!). Whether breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks, coffee or dessert -- LGO is an easy choice. Chef Cole Turner's desserts are A-MAZING. Try the peanut butter pie.
4	The commuter sandwich with avocado was amazing.  I enjoyed the eclectic decor and impressive wine offerings.  Great vibe overall.  Tons of amazing looking things were coming out of the open kitchen.
2	In town for just a few days, we came here for a Saturday breakfast, based on the recommendation of a friend (and former Phoenix resident). After we finally got a parking spot, and navigated the crowded interior... Perhaps we had high expectations, but we were really disappointed. We wanted to like it. We really wanted to like it. We were told to come back to the counter to get our food in 10 minutes. It was definitely longer than 10 minutes. While the orange juice was really great, it was unfortunately the best part of the meal. When the food was finally ready, the french pancakes seemed to have the potential to be amazing, but they were kind of cold and ended up just ok. The commuter sandwich, though good, was very oily. All in all, maybe we didn't order well, or maybe we didn't order enough, but we left pretty unsatisfied. As far as we are concerned, not good value, and not worth the chaos.
5	I have been driving by over and over, never thought to stop.  Until a friend told me they have awesome cakes.  I buy one and brought it to my in-laws.  They thought it was fantask.  The presentation was beautiful and tasted like sin.  So I returned to try their breakfast.  OMG!  I should have gone sooner!!  I loved the Commuter Sandwich with turkey.  YUMMY!  The LGO organic oatmeal was so decilious.  Need to go back to try the pancakes.  They looks and smelled so good.  Just thinking about it make me want to drool....
5	You can find me here every Wednesday morning for breakfast.  I am a fan of their simple breakfast.  Scrambled eggs breakfast (comes with fruit and toast) with a side of bacon.  It's just a basic breakfast, but they do a great job with it.  I may also enjoy the daybreaker, a pastry, or the granola.  My mother is a fan of the french pancakes, and the croque madame.The staff is very nice early in the morning, and over the past year or so we have gotten to know them well enough that they know what I am going to order.  They even know that my mother likes her latte without a lid because the foam costs 2 dollars (her logic is that milk is free and espresso costs $2, so $2 must be going to the foam).  They recently have changed their methods, and have properly trained their baristas, of making espresso.  It has improved tremendously.I look forward to my breakfast every Wednesday, and a great way to start my day and enjoy the AZ mornings.
4	I couldn't believe how busy this place was for Monday at 10 am.!  This was my second time eating here and both times the food and service have been terrific. I went here with my sister and nephews. I usually don't go out to eat with kids but this place was great for kids because of the sitting area outside. I had the commuter sandwich with smoked salmon and it was amazing! The homemade english muffin is what made the sandwich. My sister had mia's french pancakes. I tried a bite and they were also very tasty. This place can get really hectic and yes the parking sucks but the people who work here are unbelievably nice and the food is delicious!
4	I always come here for lunch with my friends and our dogs after hiking Camelback Mountain. I've tried most of the sandwiches and while they are all good, nothing compares to the hot pressed tuna sandwich - love it! The breakfast items are also tasty and I don't usually crave breakfast foods. The food takes awhile to come out if you are there on a Saturday afternoon around lunch time - because the place is always packed. I've never had trouble finding an open table though. Like everyone says, the parking sucks unless you happen to be there when someone is leaving. There are 2 small non-valet parking lots north and northwest of the restaurant. There are always people who park along the curb in the north lot - that is really annoying because the cars that are in the parking spots have trouble backing out. It's a very dog friendly place and the staff always brings out bowls of water for the dogs. Check this place out sometime!
4	This place has it going on.  A little pricey for a small portion.  But oh what a portion it is.   I have never been here when its not packed to the brim.   A little yuppy for my taste, but I like the same foods yuppies eat, so I have no choice.
4	i love breakfast. i love random general stores. I have this strange adoration for general stores. if I lived in the wild west, I would totally be the general store owner.  back to my point, not only is LGO a super awesome grocery/gadget/general store, but they have totally yummy breakfasts (and I'd imagine lunches as well!) shop a little, eat a little, it's not a bad way to spend a weekend morning!
5	The parking sucks, its kind of pricey, and there is generally a long line....but it is ALL worth it and I still give it five stars.I never come to Phoenix without visiting La Grande Orange. Amazing food and ambiance, amazing pastries and so much fun stuff to buy!
4	I am an LGO breakfast regular & can be found there 2-3 mornings a week most weeks. (Some weeks I am even there more.) First, I must say that when strawberries are in season, their pancakes are wonderful. When strawberries are out of season, they get a little mushy but you can always get the pancakes without strawberries & they are still really good. Also, during the Phoenix summers, their iced tea really hits the spot. On the good side- LGO is a great place to go during the day to get work done. The internet is free. Generally, it isn't too noisy. & overall, the restaurant is pretty comfortable. The food is good & not too pricey. On the bad side- Other people have said it before, but parking is completely inadequate. The only other negative I have is that the menu is a little limited, but I am there too much so I may be a little biased on that one.
5	My first time at La Grande Orange and I really enjoyed it! I totally agree with all the other Yelpers about the parking and pricing but also that it's so worth it once you get in there and see all the cool stuff they have while you wait for your food. I just tried the new LGO Chicken Salad sandwich and it was amazing!! I'll definitely be going back for more!!
4	Early one morning on our way through the lobby of the swanky resort where we were staying, we asked the young concierge if she had a recommendation for a good take out place where we could pick something up to bring back to eat at the end of what was planned to be a long day of exploring Scottsdale. She looked both of us up and down for a moment then said, "I think you two would get this place. La Grande Orange." We thanked her for the recommendation, then chuckled and asked ourselves "What did her comment mean, exactly, about "you two" and "getting this"?" I guess folks who stay at swanky resorts (this was our first time springing for such a place) eat different food? LOL. "Get it" we did! We ordered a pizza to go from the adjoining pizzeria and while we waited on it we had a chance to shop for wine, pastries, salads and other take out from this charming little grocery. Parking is a bear during peak times and the lines at the counter are long but it is all worth it. We're headed back to Scottsdale in a couple of weeks and we'll visit La Grande Orange again, this time for breakfast. And if that same concierge is working at the resort, where we will once again stay, we'll seek out her good advice again. After all, since we're spending a good chunk of our vacation change on great accommodations, take out for meals will be part of the plan!
4	Even in the chaos, the LGO always comes through! I've never had anything but the french pancakes with EVERYTHING on them! So yummy, though I noticed the last couple times I have gone in they have gotten a bit stingy with the creme, honey and fruit...for the price, pile a tiny bit more on please :) The hubs usually gets the commuter sandwich and never has any complaints. They have great OJ and iced tea! I've never gone here to shop, I've only bought MJ potato rolls from here during the holidays, it was first come first served and I was told they would start selling them at 9 a.m. so there I was promptly at 9. When I asked the girl who was standing around handing out menus where I could find the rolls, she was clueless. She tried to give me English muffins. I told her again that I was looking for the MJ/tammie Coe dinner rolls. I get a blank stair. Then the hubs spies them in the corner behind the cheese case and just went back there and grabbed 2 dozen for us. Those rolls are a huge hit with our family! The parking is a big fat fail. Its a fun place, great atmosphere and tasty breakfasts! Their pizza's are pretty fabulous as well!
3	Monday Morning - take outRoom for improvement - - same curt, terse service- too cramped to actually look around and appreciate their items for sale- food was average, but not worth all the fuss this place requires.+ I like the food for the most part and you can't go too wrong with a red velvet cupcake...can you?This place is all fuss and hippity dippity so i surmise that is the situation with the crowds.    I am sure I will be dragged there again by another friend in that neigborhood so I will try to look with new eyes.:)
5	Well...I was told to go to this place by none other than Gabi M., because I am a philistine and I had no idea it existed.  But I didn't go right away.  Which was my loss, because this place is phenomenal.  I finally ended up here somewhat fortuitously because a student of mine suggested it.  Anyway...I've been doing this phoenix biggest loser thing because my wife says I'm the biggest loser in phoenix, so when Amber W. started up a competition with the same name I figured hell, I can win that.  Turns out it's about weight loss and so that pretty much means I'm screwed on the $25 entry fee.Well I wasn't until I went here.  My diet was doing very well, thank you, *until* I went to LGO.  As soon as I walked in I was met with a tsunami of poor health choices and didn't know just how to hold it together.  Pumpkin-chocolate chunk muffin? Blackberry bran muffin? (Which I ordered because bran=fiber=healthy, der!) Strawberry muffin? Cream cheese coffee cake?!?! and a million more delightful delicacies which tempted me for forty seconds before I gave in.Well not really.  Here's how it went down: I held firm and got oatmeal with bananas, strawberries, and raisins.  Spare me the nutritionist's take, I'm confident that was the best I could do.  So I was pretty proud of myself.  But I *did* have to bring home a muffin to my wife because that story about her saying I was a big loser was a lie and she's actually pretty great.  So I paid for the strawberry muffin but at the last minute changed to blackberry bran at an employee's recommendation and GOD DAMN i am glad i did because that is probably the best muffin I ever had.Note: Since the charming Gabi M. decided to laugh at me for my food choices *all night* at the OYE I will point out that I ate only 3/7 of the muffin.  That's it!  that's like, um, a 57% healthy choice based on my math.Anyway my student had an english muffin with avocado and smoked salmon that I was looking lustily at so she told me that I *must* have an english muffin.  She bought a pack and gave me two (I'm a good tutor evidently) and so of COURSE I HAD to eat one.  I say that defensively because Gabi laughed at me for the english muffin too.  I'm scarred.Anyway.... I know this review is dragging because my wife is now watching Lifetime which means that her head is being filled with all sort of anti-man propaganda as I type.  So I'll wrap it up: Today we went there and I had a croque madame which is a whole grain open face deal with ham and tomato and mustard and a sunny side up egg.  Pretty damn good.  But we also had the strawberry muffin which was a little disappointing: not moist enough and not strawberry-y enough.  So I give this place five stars anyway because it is super cute and I don't think I could eat everything I wanted to eat there if I went in for 14 days straight.  I loved it.And for the acting on Lifetime, one star.  And the writing:"I love billy, but I love you more.""Really?""Really."Pulitzer prize stuff, that.
4	Neat place, could spend awhile browsing while waiting for food.  Tried the French pancakes (crepes) with everyone on it.  Also good and not nearly as heavy as I thought they'd be.  Really want to go back and try some of their lunch items.
4	Love it!!!!! I have had pizzas that were great!! The green chile burger is to die for....and oh-so-yummy sangria.  Love their cute little market too.  Con:parking can be pretty crappy and it gets really busy during peak times....expect to wait......Oh....and do yourself a favor!!! Get a bag of their hand-made english muffins...wow!
4	I first used La Grande Orange to provide sandwiches for a meeting I was organizing in that area so it worked out. At first I kind of balked art the price but then when they found out it was for a non-profit, boom - got a nice discount!I've been eating sandwiches there ever since. Great location especially if you live in the Arcadia district which is where I'm planning to move soon.PS - MMMMMMM...Green Chile Burger........
4	Commuter sandwich is delicious. Great coffee. Fun atmosphere with a lot to look at. Wish we lived in Phoenix so we could go more often.
5	OMFG we love this place! Eating here reminds me of eating at some little cafe on state street in Santa Barbara. It's quiet and quaint and has a very local down to earth vibe. Sure, the parking is a bit tight, but there is plenty of parking in the surrounding neighborhood and we didn't mind walking for a few minutes from our car on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. The breakfast menu is reasonable and the food is worth every penny and then some. We tried the french pancakes (crepes) with fresh fruit and the croque madame and the Venice beach burrito. All were exceptional and left us wanting more. Before we had finished our meal, we were planning our next trip to La Grand Orange. The grocery store inside is cute and has fun trinkets and specialty sauces and food that a lot of people were buying. Although it was bustling with business, there was plenty of seating outside in the garden area, which was perfect on such a beautiful afternoon. And one final note....if/when you do visit this place, you MUST MUST MUST try their famous home made english muffins! Ohhhh, they are good! We tried one and ended up buying a whole pack of them before we left. It's like nothing that you have ever bought in the store, and once you try them you will be hooked!  We can't wait to go back again soon!
4	Solid brunch/lunch spot. Their immediate presentation is a little overwhelming because everything looks good. Pastries are showcased front & center, with fresh baked goods and cheese to the left. Definitely reminiscent of Southern California. Menu black boards hang above the counter. Went with a couple friends and did it up semi-family style. Highlights were the organic Ethiopian coffee (superifical, but really liked the built in heat sleeve coffee cup), namesake orange juice, jersey girl omelette, commuter sandwich with bacon & avacado, croque madame & french pancakes. All in all, made for a nice mix of sweet & savory in healthy but not excessive portions. Only slight disappointment was the chorizo breakfast burrito, which required lots of extra salt. Bonus was the celebrity sighting of Grant Hill (even though I hate Duke).
4	Great grocer and lunch spot. The only drawback is parking. If you can beat the noon hour parking is not bad. There is a lot on the north side of Campbell that usually has spots. On to the food. If the summer rolls are in the cold case, then they are a must.  The veggie burger is very good - a little mushy, but great flavor and a killer bun. If you are splurging, add on fries.  The Tammie Coe sweets are always sure to satisfy. My personal favorite is the red velvet cake and my wife loves the brownie fingers. For breakfast, you can't go wrong with anything with their signature English muffins and they have great coffee. Pizzas are a must, but I've reviewed under the LGO Pizzeria page. The grocery store itself has neat gifts and gadgets for the kitchen and sometimes the office. Stroll around while you wait for your food.
4	Walk here if you can. Ha! Phoenix is a totally car-oriented town. So La Grande Orange Grocery sort of shoots itself in the foot by having minimal parking. Minimal in relation to the grocery/deli/pizzeria capacity. Be that as it may, I love the food at the deli here. Sandwiches are very delicious, well crafted and have great ingredients. Breakfast things served until 4 pm. Then the Pizzeria opens, and you have to order from the tables. The grocery side has all kinds of kitchen gadgets that the wanna be Julia Child or Emeril LaGasse just has to have. They also have interesting spices and teas for sale. Plenty of stuff to help separate you from your money and make you feel great at the same time.
4	Tasty treats and sandwiches.Friendly service.WiFi.Good wines at a fair price.What more do you want?!The place is BUSY though, so here's to hoping they can hold it all together, or open another location for you lucky folks in Phoenix.
4	I love this gourmet grocery store and bistro.  We had the croque madam  which was toasted multigrain bread, melted gruyere, tomato, mustard w/an over easy egg on top.  yummy!  After reading other reviews, I decided to try the blackberry bran muffin.  I would never order a bran muffin - EVER!  This was by far the best muffin I have ever had.  It was super moist and flavorful - it didn't even taste like bran.  The lattes are good as well.  We also bought the homemade english muffins that are huge!  We haven't tried them yet but the other reviews were very positive.
3	We stopped here for lunch before spending the afternoon at the Desert Botanical Gardens. Crowded, but didn't take too long to order. The wait for the sandwiches was at least 20 minutes, standing in a very crowded store. I loved the ambience and feeling of the place, but the food service was slow, and the (homemade) veggie burger kind of fell apart upon eating. But a cool place nonetheless, would love to try the pizza sometime!
4	Stopped by for lunch on a Wednesday.  The parking lot was packed, but I was on my motorcycle so parking wasn't a problem.  BTW there is free valet parking at lunch time for the car folks.  There are two entrances one in the front and the other through the kitchen.  The kitchen is organized mayhem.  several cooks and a small army of helpers cooking, cleaning, and serving the delicious dishes.  I like that they expose the kitchen where patrons can see their food being prepared.  You know it is a clean environment,  the ingredients are fresh, and prepared with an inventive sense of style.  This is a busy place.  I was apprehensive at the long line of automobiles in front, and anticipated a long line for to order my lunch, along with a long wait to eat.  I was surprised at every turn.  The grocery  store was interesting with some offerings from local artists presented in a humorous fashion, a little wine store with really pretty wine bottles and no price tags.  I perused the menu, placed my order with a friendly cashier who explained the process,  was seated at a small table  and eating in around 10 minutes.  The menu offers vegetarian, vegan and gluten free food.  I ordered the Guacamole BLT.  The sandwich was served with a pineapple slice and sliced pickles.  The guacamole raised an otherwise run of the mill BLT to a new level.  I think I'll try the Venice Beach Burrito on my next visit.  Who wouldn't want to try tofu chorizo after all?The grocery store opens at 6:00am then at around 4:00pm the place magically turns into a full service pizza place.
4	The LGO Commuter sandwich made my day today. I was knee-deep in writing a 50-page paper when I realized I was starving. Thank god they a) offer curbside pickup and b) serve breakfast until 5.Curbside pickup is a must because the parking lot at LGO is always a cluster...just call in and place your order, then pick it up at one of the three reserved spots in front.The Commuter sandwich is one of the things I love about living in Phoenix. It starts with one of their incredible english muffin, then they top it with a scrambled egg and your choice of meat or avocado...I go with the avocado.Based on the recommendation of a friend, I add american cheese and lettuce, and *POW*, what a taste sensation.You should also try the fresh squeezed grapefruit sunrise (g-fruit juice with a dash of pom) and grab a granola, fruit, and yogurt cup (or GFY for those in the know).LGO has awesome food, quick service, and a great location.
3	I come from a city where Brunch is taken uber seriously. In fact Brunch in all of its forms (breakfast and lunch) are a way of life where I live. On my visit to LGO I was introduced to what Phx has to offer in the way of "brunch" The food was ok...but I've had better. I went with the commuter Sandwich. I was happy with my choice but I wasn't thinking...wow this is the best think I've eaten. I just thought it was...well..O.K. Nothing stood out about this place to me but my lovely friend seems to enjoy the place. I thought...well it looks like a boutique grocery store that serves food. We have these and older ones that are run by Italian families in my city. I wasn't taken back but I can see how this place can be charming. Like I said its ok..I'd suggest you go...you may love it but one thing I know for sure..no one will hate this place..they'll just shrug and say its not bad.
5	Better start with a disclaimer: LGO is my absolute FAVORITE spot in the Phoenix area. Next, the caveat: I LOVE it in the mornings, and as it gets more crowded into later AM I move toward liking it less, to the point where, depending on season, I truly dislike it when it is overrun with tourists and other mouth breathers.When it is at it's best (early morning to mid-morning weekdays, and early mornings weekends), it's got a great, urbane energy, is filled with attractive, interesting people, the food comes out fairly quickly, and it is the ONLY slice of NorCal energy I have found in the metro Phoenix area.My faves include the double cappuccino (BEST in town!), french pancakes (with everything!), Croque Madame (GOTTA do the ham), the scones (very unusual variety), the Daybreaker (if I'm feeling like being healthy), any and all chased with a bottle of San Pellegrino water from the cold case. The fresh squeezed OJ is good but VERY pulpy. OH - and the new 'side', mac 'n cheese (w/jalepeno), is AMAZING. OMG SO creamy and delicious. If you have only ONE thing, seriously, this has to be it!A warning......when they are not over busy the place is awesome, and you don't have to hover by the counter waiting for your cap or food to come out, and it's good, and hot. However, when the place is swarming, idiotic people who don't check the ticket for their name (food comes out and your name is called, but then it sits waiting), will walk off with your stuff, and/or the quality is just not as good at the these super-busy times, so I would encourage you to come when it's not slammed, or go elsewhere if it is.
2	Went there on a weekday for dinner with people I work with  - music was so loud could hardly talk. This is not a nightclub but with the music blaring you  alomosty thought you were in one  if you closed our eyes.  Pizza was good...more "designer pizzas" than a good old pizza place - okay if you don't mind paying for an over-priced pizza.  Did not care for the chicken wings. Not sure what the fuss is about this place.
5	In a sea of restaurant possibilities, La Grande Orange stands out. When I think of the ONE THING I want to eat after breaking a diet, running a half marathon or just sitting on my computer all day, it has to be the Commuter Sandwich with Smoked Salmon paired with an LGO Arnold Palmer. The Commuter is so simple but perfectly executed with their amazing ingredients. If I'm feeling really saucy, I'll add their Green Chile Mac n' Cheese. It is the creamiest Mac n' Cheese I've ever eaten and has a subtle kick from the chilies. Besides the food, I love checking out their collection of nick-nacks and the old school candy collection. It's also a great place to bring my dogs and sit in their shady garden area. LGO Grocery is just a fun, laid back place to get some great food.
4	I am a HUGE fan of this place!I love the earthy/granola feel this grocery/restaurant/deli/random knick knack store has!Parking is limited, but that doesn't seem to stop anyone from going.You go in and it's crowded with merchandise you can buy, random groceries, and people in line to order food. Their menu mainly consists of salads, omelettes, sandwiches, and coffee/juice. They also have a delicious selection of desserts!I've been here twice and both times I've gotten the veggie sandwich. I think it's absolutely perfect... except that the bread has a tendency to get soggy easily and the sandwich falls apart. That's -1 star, but everything else is GREAT. Wish we had LGO in the Bay!
4	Located not too far from the Biltmore.  Directly in front of the store are free limited parking otherwise you can valet or self-park across the street, which is also very limited.Menu caters to the brunch, deli, and pizza folks! You get crepe, juicy burgers, and healthy sandwiches and wraps.  They do sell all sorts of desserts from velvet cake to cupcakes to muffins to cookies.  All good and delicious!I've had their green chili burger, so goood! medium well patty with grilled green chili with egg, soo yum! it went down smooth, let's put it that way! side of crunchy fries.  I've had their crepe once, it was pretty good.  The vibe I get from the rest of the menu is fresh and semi-healthy.If you are hiking Camelback Mountain on a weekend morning, please do stop by!
5	Breakfast at noon = AWESOME!!!EVEN MORE AWESOME?  Front flipping row parking, ha!!!  Had the Daybreaker - egg white omelet with roasted turkey breast, topped w/ tomato-avocado salsa!  Absolutely fantastically wonderfully DELICIOUS!!!  It was light & flavorful & quite a bit of turkey, good turkey, not the pressed processed stuff claiming to be turkey :-)Love their ice tea, mmm mmmm mm!!!
3	I took the family here to meet up with some old college pals that I hadn't seen in some years on a recent weekend.  The visit started out strongly when we got a parking space right in front.  Score!  Timing was also good as our friends were just ahead of us in line.  We all ordered quickly and were able to find a table in the pizza area to accommodate the six of us.  This would have been a great time for us to start reminiscing and catching up, right?  Right?  Uh, except that there is no microphone/announcing system to tell you when your food is ready.  In the words of the cashier when I asked her if we would hear our names if we weren't next the food counter, 'it's not likely'.  So, unfortunately, half of us waited for the food, while the other half of us waited back at the table.  I'm certainly not asking for table service, but maybe a PA system so those eating next door or outside might be able to relax at their table before their food arrives.Eventually, the food came out.  (Seemed like it took awhile, but I'm guessing that's partly because I was hovering around the counter).  It was...okay.  Nothing special about it, and my sandwich (turkey/cheese/avocado/etc.) did not do a very good job of staying together, it was sliding all over the place.  The highlight of the visit was that I had a faux-celebrity sighting of someone who used to be on MTV.  When that is the highlight, you sure aren't getting more than three stars...
1	Really LGO?! I quit going to my neighborhood spot because of all the "affliction wearing douche's" that have over run every area of my neighborhood. A friend invited yesterday for lunch,so we jammed on our cruisers..well, you know the parking and it was a beautiful day yesterday. I was so craving the tuna melt sandwich have been salivating about it for months..months I tell you. I order from a chipper little gal...I asked if I could have it open faced. She didn't think it would be a problem...wrong answer! The kitchen obviously has never made an open faced before..oh yes they have and use to get it right..guess the new peeps from down south didn't get the how to memo. The 1st time it came out with two slices of bread with a square of slightly melted cheddar laying there flat with a huge dollop of cold tuna on top...Really?? I took it back..a different girl said what's wrong with that? Apparently everything you nit wit! So, they remade it, check my photo..this is what I got back..except I added the zig zag of color just so I could choke it down. The "manager type" person actually handed this to me and said, "your remake" Really? But I was so hungry and frustrated, I took it..not even any fruit..so for $7.50 I got a plate of tuna poop. 3 bites later, it hit the trash receptacle. Don't ever expect anyone there to step up to the plate and offer you a refund or a do over..cuz it just ain't happening right. I was here a couple of months ago, ordered potato leek soup, came out curdled and cold..an employee walking by my table said, "wow that doesn't look right, gross" wouldn't take it off the bill and was like, "glad I'm not eating it". And I'm glad I'm not eating here anymore and that Bertha's and Acacia Cafe have moved into the neighborhood. The people watching may not be the same, but the food is great, service outstanding and even better prices. What a shame!
4	I love this place.  From breakfast to lunch everything I have tried I would get again.  Burgers, pizza, bagels and eggs.  All good.Fun atmosphere but crowded.  Just the way I like it.   Good people watching.Not a place to take the old folks.  I have been back 2 times.
5	I loved this place!Its very cute and they have a nice selection of stuff. (Food and non-food items.)I love that everything is fresh and the breads/pastries etc are all made on site. Had the yogurt with fruit and granola. Yummers!!Also had a muffin of some sort... I think it was like blueberry white chocolate. Super yummy!Note: The place isnt all that big and its crammed with stuff. It can get really busy and very crowded with people inside. Parking is also a bit of a pain...But its all worth it. Go here!!
4	I LOVE LGO. The french pancakes are my favorite thing to get here. I have two complaints. 1... parking. 2... the whole "we dont have a PA so everyone crowds around to get their order" system. It seems this place is VERY successful. Perhaps they can't change the parking situation but you would thinking getting a PA system would be a good decision for the owners to make. My boyfriend spent 20 minutes waiting for our food. Usually you like to sit and talk while you are waiting. OTHER than that everything is wonderful.
5	La Grande Orange or LGO is where I take each and every one of my out of town visitors.  Why you might ask? The environment is chill, the food presentation and quality is exceptional and the staff is friendly.  I probably should get paid for all the free word of mouth advertising I do for LGO but it's well deserved.  The Commuter Sandwich (sub may for goat cheese) appears in my dreams from time to time -- it's really THAT good.  I also appreciate the eggwhites/turkey :Daybreaker for my health nut days.  I promise you won't be left unhappy after visiting this incredible establishment!
4	Love it except its such a cluster inside-between all the store items for sale and people waiting for there orders and employees squeezing by to work.Had the commuter  which was a homeade english muff with mayo, egg tomato and your choice of meat or avocado.  Soooo good!The menu has such a variety-pizza, sushi, breakfast, lunch.  Saw some hot pressed tuna sandwiches that looked amazing as well.  I wish I could come here more often but its a little out of the way.  Also, I'd be 50 pounds heavier lol.
5	You'd be hard pressed to find a better place that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner! Amazing food, and selection. Always alive and energy filled inside and relaxed and low key on the picnic benches outside. A must visit.
3	Where to start.I will first say that these guys know what they are doing, and know their customer. The place works in Arcadia, would work in Brentwood, CA, would work on the upper east side of NYC. Would not work in Venice,CA, would not work anywhere else in NYC. Just way too Martha Stewart, boring, cute and safe. The music says it all to me. Always some Putayamo Cd playing some world music that all the soccer moms can tap their feet to. Everyone in the most expensive workout clothing, coming and going from a local yoga class, or a workout at The Village. Yuck. Yes, they know their customer, I am just not one of them. Yea, I know that I am the minority, but this place just has no soul, nothing that makes you think, nothing outside the box. Its the kind of warm, cute, fuzzy place that makes me want to puke. For instance all the merchandising. A bunch of overly cute stuff that no one needs, and of course they put a big sign over it saying "useful stuff". Really? Can't you just leave something to the imagination guys? Is your customer really that brain dead creatively that you have to guide them through every step of your cuteness? The crowd that hangs out here are just that, white, pretentious cattle. No artistic, creative types, no thinkers, no one that thinks outside the box.  No risk here. Very safe, and yawn, very boring. I was so uncomfortable hanging out there in that  bland, pretentious energy that I actually grabbed my food and ate it out in the car. Yep, thats the last time for me. Just not my kind of place. I do not buy artwork to match the color of my couch, and I do not need to eat a a place that tries way too hard to be cute and safe and makes me want to hurl.It is too bad though, because the food is very good.
5	Awesome idea!  We stumbled across this gem while we were next door at the wine bar.  We saw a couple drinking a six pack at the grocery store's outdoor seating and thought - we're so there!  Not only is it a quaint local grocery store but they also serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Their baked goods from breakfast to desserts all looked delicious and unique.  We tried their pizza - which was very good - light crust and not super oily.  We also shared their hostess like cupcake - so good.  And of course beer!  I'd love to come back for breakfast as their english muffins are fresh and to die for.
5	I was in town for a conference meeting and yelped my heart out to find a really great breakfast place...and behold my yelper friends you have delivered once again!!I was a little confused and didn't know how to order my Sunday breakfast, first we had to find seating, from there get in line, order and then apparently you go pick up your own food inside when they call your name!  Whew!We both ordered the Commuter Sandwich, I ordered w/ bacon and avocado and my hubby ordered it w/ ham and avocado.  Holy cow!!  This is the best english muffin sandwich I've ever eaten!  Sorry Mickey D's!  The bacon was salty and crispy, the egg was fluffy and the avocados were just ripe enough!!  I wish I lived in Phoenix!!
5	Man, I *love* this place!!! Great atmosphere & crowd. And I just heart the Venice Beach Burrito (sans tofu) with a delicious croissant for weekend breakfast with Earl Grey lavender tea or a decaf Americano.Good vibes always on the overhead. I was able to bask in the sun at an outdoor table, enjoy a leisurely meal, write in my journal, and take in all the people (& dogs!!!). Totally dig this place!!!
5	Always very busy, and a 35 min drive for me to get here since I live in gilbert but really, I dont even care. Everything about this place it so worth it. The important part though is, their coffee! Best coffee I have ever had ever. They have a yummy breakfast menu, everything I have every ordered is yummy, including their crepes! Lunch is good, and have to try their pizza!! I always saw a couple of Phoenix sun's players there, which is nice also since I am a suns fan.
5	How could you not love this place?  Not only is the food fantastic and consistent, it has a great atmosphere and an adorable "grocery" shop next door.  It's a great place to people watch!  (Don't forget to check out the wine section--not only is the wine random, it's affordable and a great conversation starter with all the cute names and labels)After moving here from San Diego, I've been so unimpressed by all the breakfast spots in Phoenix.  This is the one place that I LOVE!  I think it offers something for everyone, however my go to is the Venice Beach Burrito.  It's such a casual spot--you order from the counter, find a table, and wait for them to call you to let you know your food is ready to be devoured.  There's tables both inside and out, and you can peruse the store while your stomach rumbles!The only thing I've ever been disappointed by is the sangria, but then again I'm not a huge fan of white sangria.  I will not be ordering it again but I have girlfriends that love it.I had never been here for lunch until this past weekend--it was always my late morning brunch spot.  Technically, I believe its a pizza place, but I've never had a pizza.  Although, they look quite good!  I ordered their tuna sandwich this past weekend, which came with a side of fruit and pickles.  The bread was thin and grilled panini style, and the tuna salad definitely did not disappoint!
4	La Grande Orange reminds me of Crepevine or Squat & Gobble (local SF spots). Gotta say that La Grande Orange is extremely better!!! The food is fresh, some ingredients are organic. Most importantly, the food portions are appropriate- not super sized so that you go into a food coma. I love the casual environment. The bonus is their bakery!
5	Decided to eat here after realizing Bianco is closed on Sundays. I have eaten here many times before and it is always consistently great.This time we started with the sangria because it's so delicious and refreshing. The only complaint about that if I have to find one is the pitcher they serve it in is big and heavy and it's hard to pour. We ordered the ceviche and it was wonderfully fresh. We ordered the sweet corn and goat cheese pizza and mushroom party and gladiator. They were all Delicious in their own unique way. I know I will never be disappointed at the big orange.
4	Went again because this place is still A.MAZE.ING!!Got the chick pea sandwich and was NOT disappointed. I ate the whole thing with barely even offering the Boyfriend a bite. He he he. He got a small bite.YUM! Definitely going back the next time I'm in town ... again.
2	This pains me to write this review and I am giving 2 stars out of fairness and previously solid history with LGO as I live a few blocks away.  I have been there hundreds of times previously.  I have had many wonderful experiences previously and have referred dozens of friends to LGO, Chelsea's Kitchen, Postino, etc.  So, it's this past Sunday morning and I run in real quick for a few breakfast items, those being English muffins and a regular iced mocha latte.  The place was packed as usual but seemed more so because of far too much merchandise and no where for people to wait or even stand.  The service was friendly.  In case you haven't tried the English muffins, they come in a 5 pack and they are very tasty-a must have and great toasted.  My heart burn on this visit begins at the register.  Two two items together totaled $18.02.  I was shocked so I asked the girl at the coffee bar register if she rang it in right and she assured me she did. She was very nice about it but OMG WTF?  I paid and came home.  The mocha was way too sweet and not even comparable to Starbuck's(which I do not like for the record).  So, essentially, I paid $18.02 for a pack of English muffins.  Ridiculous!  Will I go back?  Most assuredly I will but it will be a bit before I do.
4	The last time I reviewed LGO, I wasn't thrilled with my food, though I was happy with the portion, the size and the quality. It's just that I ordered something that was pretty simple (an egg white omelet with tomato-avocado salsa). But I've been back since then, and now I'm HOOKED. My favorite thing on their sandwich menu is in fact the Cubano - their interpretation of the traditional pressed Cuban sandwich (no pork, but still "muy delicioso!"). I've also had their salted chocolate chip cookies, and tasted the chocolate peanut butter cheesecake (I think both are from Tammy Coe, next door). Freakin' awesome.*** Regarding the cookies mentioned above, just got a really nice note from someone named Kate: "Your review was very helpful and insightful.  I just wanted you to know that the delicious salty chocolate chip cookies and the peanut butter chocolate pie are from LGO, the pastry chef Cole is amazing!  Tammie coe has great things too, but Cole is awesome!"Cole IS awesome indeed. GREAT cookies! ***I haven't yet had the pizza, but it's on my radar, and it's only a matter of time. I'm also intrigued by their white sangria.And did I mention how much I love all the artsy, unique and/or kitschy items they have for sale in the shop area? I HAVE to remember to come to LGO the next time I need to buy someone a gift. So many fun (and some, USEFUL) items!
5	LGO is by far my favorite place for breakfast in the valley. LGO is the reason I live in the neighborhood! The only down side is the tiny parking lot fills up quickly, weekend mornings and most evenings for dinner. One reason I chose to move near LGO was so I could walk or ride my bike to breakfast. I have had almost everything on the breakfast menu, and loved everything. The muffins from Tammy Coe are to die for. I always stop in the Grocery to grab bread or cheese for nice dinners or even a picnic lunch. Stopping by after work for pizza and gelato has also become a bi-monthly occurance in our house. The pizza is light, crispy with amazingly fresh ingredients (if you eat breakfast there, you will see the chefs chopping and preparing the fresh veggies, pepperoni, salami, etc. in anticipation of the evenings pizza and salad orders).I recommend LGO to everyone I meet, and it is always my dinner suggestion and favorite place to take out of town guests!
3	Or referred to as "LGO" for short was where I ate lunch on Thursday. Bringing my laptop as my date, I took advantage of their free Wi-Fi service to create some clever rap review, but hit a road block. NOTHING rhymes with "orange!" Sure, I could've came up with something more clever, but I found myself easily distracted with this new tidbit and had to share it! :)Okay, okay...now back to LGO. I grabbed a fresh smoked salmon chopped salad ($8.25), which had bits of asparagus, sunflower seeds, couscous, tomatoes, craisens, and a side of champagne vinegerette dressing on a bed of romaine lettuce. Not being a fan of the dressing, I was more impressed with the generous amount of fresh smoked salmon, which was delivered at the right temperature mixed with the fun texture of couscous. Adding a bottle of water, it was the perfect and delicate lunch to balance the heavy, 98 degree weather. The portions at LGO don't look large, but they always fill me up. Maybe it has to do with the backdrop of super attractive, earthy, trendy looking people in sunglasses, chic capris, yoga wear, and sandals that keep my appetite in check? Either way, LGO is a great place to grab breakfast, lunch, or dinner with their casual menu. I'm slowly becoming a fan of their pizza as I'm getting use to the taste of sourdough crust, but love, love, love their array of freshly baked pastries, muffins, cookies, cakes, etc. Many slices of heaven await my eager and grubby hands as I fog up the glass case, while admiring their perfection. The price points are a tad high, but considering they use fresh ingredients and bake in-house, it's quite reasonable. When the weather is cooler, the patio is a great place to seat and catch up with friends. A lot of bikes are usually parked along the brick wall, adding a bit more flair and color to the place. The music is always on point with an eclectic mix of Jay-Z, Kings of Leon, indie pop, or electro-often making me want to bottle pop from their large selections of wine. Not only do they carry an array of vino from the floor to the ceiling, they also have a classic candy isle with modern day pricing, pet and kiddy goods and treats, a coffee bar (not a fan of it personally) and lots of other unique trinkets and gift items to browse through while you wait to order.Which now brings me to the only 2 things I dislike about LGO: The California-like traffic in their parking lot and grocery store/restaurant/pizzeria/coffee bar and...that nasty coffee. If you come during rush hour, you should expect to fight for a parking spot or be cautious of someone backing out (hopefully, not into you), and those randoms (don't assume they're  all Asian :P) driving the wrong way. If you survive that, you'll be entering into a mess of people browsing up at the menu, with those that are annoyed because they know what they want, with the "regulars" who are actually in "line" to order, to the people frozen in place looking at the pastries, in-between the "pick up" area where people are actually picking up their orders, standing next to those who are still waiting to pick up their order, while getting in the way of the people in line at the coffee bar who just want to order their damn coffee and OJ, and the rest are now just trying to grab their silverware and napkins to eat. Just remember to breath...and breath. Kundalini. Some how, some way, you do end up with a seat somewhere and actually enjoying your meal. Otherwise, come in at an off beat time where the place is yours for the taking :) As for their coffee...have ordered it 3 different times and still hate it. They rank 2nd to Pita Jungle when it comes to the worse coffee I've ever ordered, which is too bad since the open air ambiance would perfectly compliment a great cup of Joe.
4	I have eaten some of the food in the grocery area, including the summer salad rolls, cupcakes, and one of the famous English Muffins.  My friend ordered a sandwich which appeared huge (probably for two meals!)  I should have ordered the sandwich; the summer salad rolls had some sort of mayo in them (I didn't realize this), and I hate mayo.  Besides that, I enjoyed my fat English muffin with delicious grape jelly. I took home a red velvet cupcake to last me a few days, and it was wonderfully moist with cream cheese icing.  The atmosphere seemed to be a fun chill vibe with somewhat friendly employees. Some were friendly, others seemed to have a bit of an attitude or just a bit aloof/rude.  While we were there, I heard about four The Decemberists songs, and that is always a plus for me! The only problem I had was finding parking. I did not realize valet is complimentary (well free + tip).  I drove around forever, and it was crazy with cars everywhere. The residential areas within a 1-mile radius require a residential permit, or the car gets towed. So, beware of this prior to going!   Also, the prices are a bit more than I thought, but then again, it seems to be a typical trendy funky place near more pricey restaurants, so I should have known.
3	First stop off the plane - brunch at La Grande Orange! Love that they serve breakfast all day, and there are plenty of vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options. Got there around 11am on a weekday, easy parking in the back.  We had the steel-cut oatmeal and stacked turkey sandwich.  The oatmeal was fine, but skimpy on the flaxseed. I asked for the brown sugar on the side. The turkey sandwich comes with avocado, tomatoes, lettuce, and havarti cheese. Good, but nothing spectacular. It came with a piece of fruit. Probably should have ordered one of the infamous English muffins.  The freshly squeezed orange juice was awesome though.Cute place, but definitely could be more organized. Stay close to the counter or you might miss hearing your number called.
4	Went here for lunch Saturday afternoon with a party of 4.  I've been here about a zillion times yet this is my first review.I really hate going here but I love to eat here.  Let me explain:  The parking situation is a complete clusterfuq as is the ordering and seating process.  It is basically a yuppy free-for-all in the place.  The place where the line forms is full of stupid bric-a-brack and chatzkies.  All that crap should be removed for more seating and hopefully a less cluttered area.  Aside from that, the ordering your food and picking it up process is pretty haphazard and is not helped by tons of people trying to make their way through the place filled with shelves of random stuff.HOWEVER.....EVERYTHING and I do mean EVERYTHING on the menu is delicious.  Breakfast to lunch and everything in between is excellent.  You really cannot go wrong.  Even their pre-made salads are excellent.  Their menu is not too complicated but it is very well thought out and I bet they have some of your favorites, but with their special twist.  Anyway, everything is top notch.
4	I had the green chile burger and my folks split a couple pizzas just this evening at le grande orange.  The pizzas were great and I love having mirror pond pale ale on tap.  The burger unfortunately did not live up to the hype.  Having just read an article about how this burger was the number two "gourmet burger" in town I came in with high hopes which were not reached.  I do not like burgers that fall apart and by about the third or fourth bite I was struggling to keep the thing together.  I had the freshly made english muffin for a bun and that may have been the mistake.  While the muffin is probably fantasic with some jam and butter, it did not work for the burger.  On my way out I grabbed a couple cookies and a strawberry cheesecake.  Both make up for any trouble I had with the burger.  I will be back to this place again, just not for the burger.
4	Whenever I step inside LGO, I feel like I've been transported to a small village in the South of France. I forget there's a cactus population down the road and a desert mountain out the window. All I can think of is how treatfully delicious their larger-than-life muffins are, how scrumptious their cookies are and how wonderfully filling their selections like the tuna melt and wood fire pizza are. Whether I'm in the mood for a cup of coffee, a full breakfast, lunch, an afternoon snack, a sweet tooth craving, a delicious pizza or a bottle of wine; LGO is my go-to spot. So my suggestion is to visit LGO if you...Like good food ...Like a good atmosphere...Are looking for a place to relax and read the newspaper or magazine ...Are looking for a place to do some off-site work during the day...Are looking for a family-friendly and reasonably priced spot for breakfast, lunch or dinner. ...Want a cup of coffee...Want an afternoon snack ... Are hungry And when you do find an excuse to make your way to LGO, here are some of my top suggestions:- Commuter Sandwich - Crepes - Tuna Melt - Tuna Sandwich - Turkey Sandwich - Pizza - Chelsea Kitchen Burger - Homemade English muffins- Any cookie (my favorite is the apple one...I believe it's seasonal)Note: If you go during lunchtime, or on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon, be prepared to go on the hunt for parking and a seat once you get inside. But don't let it dissuade you from your visit. It's worth it, I promise!
3	Parking SUCKS.Everything is over priced. It took me 25 minutes to get a cup of coffee, and I wouldn't have minded the wait if someone had acknowledged my presence and given the polite "I'll be with you as soon as possible" report. Clearly, that was too much to ask for.But if you happen to go when it's not busy (i'm not sure when this is...) I'm fairly certain the ambiance would be delightful. It's an interesting concept. Also, the spaces are WAY too tight for the type of traffic they have in there.The gelato on the South side of the building is really bland and boring. I'd rather eat store brand ice cream. Their Pizza is really awesome, though.Great idea - mediocre execution.
4	This is one of my Favorite places in town to eat!! I would give it 5 stars but the  PARKING SUCKS!!!! If you are trying to go there during busy times good luck trying to find a parking spot!
5	This is my absolute FAVORITE place, and I have been coming here for years (although I should mention I always stick to breakfast foods...I like the items I get too much to branch out). As a self-proclaimed muffin connoisseur, the blackberry bran muffin is my favorite muffin of all time. That being said, the other muffins are typically marginal at best, so if you are in the mood for a lighter breakfast, I would suggest the brioche bread or go with one of their english muffins. Mia's French Pancakes are delicious and I also really like the granola and yogurt. Since switching their coffee brand, the coffee is pretty great, and I suggest the iced coffee. As others have mentioned, parking is really limited and can ruin your experience. Avoid typical lunch hours (you will def. have to valet), ad weekends tend to be crowded too.
2	Two other women chose LGO for a business lunch last week. I was expecting something completely different. I showed up around 11:45am on a Wednesday and the place was PACKED. I had to park across the street.  The grocery area is where you order lunch. It was shoulder to shoulder with other patrons, most professionally dressed. I don't really see the appeal of coming here on your lunch hour squeezed in with everyone else. I chose a Caesar salad from the case as I was in line. I asked the girl at the counter if I could add chicken to the salad and was told she had turkey breast. But it was sliced, lunch meat style turkey. "No thanks" I told her. I would have thought they would carry grilled meat to add to the salads. Now to find a table..ugh. I snagged one as a group was leaving, I felt like a lurker. So we are there to chat with our client and eventually talk business. The techno music was so loud, I could barely hear myself or my client. Gosh, I feel like a Grandma here, but it was just not a conducive place to have a business lunch. Props do need to go to the dessert case.  That thing was packed with amazing treats, some from Tammie Coe.  I had a mini cupcake, a white cake with a cream cheese frosting with shredded coconut on top.  It was AMAZING!I would give LGO another chance, possibly for the pizza everyone says is so fabulous. The manager contacted me the day I went to LGO. I had sent a fellow Yelper a comment about his experience at LGO (similar to mine). She must have seen my comment and was trying to intervene before I wrote my review. I find this in poor taste. As if contacting me prior to my review will change my mind about my experience there? Sorry, no. So many people have raved to me about LGO, maybe I went in with too high of expectations?
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants/businesses in the valley for so many reasons - since there are already a couple hundred reviews I'll try to keep my review somewhat original!  One: I love the location.  I don't even mind that there is a parking issue most of the time, I mean how can you blame them for that? It's in a great neighbosrhood and I think they have made the most of the parking space they have - I've never really viewed the popularity of this place as a negative.  Two: For such a busy place, I think they do a great job with customer service.  Because of the nature of the restaurant (ordering at a counter, picking up your food when they call your name) you don't get a lot of chances for one-on-one rapport building and encounters with the staff are pretty brief, but always pleasant.  I love that it's efficient and on the rare occasions I already know what I want to order the staff behind the register can somehow quickly sense my determination and call me to the front.  If, like yesterday , I want to peruse the menu, there are usually girls walking through the line handing out menus so you don't have to stare up at the chalk board.  I originally grabbed a salad out of the cold case and brought it up to the register. I asked if I could have it without cheese and extra beets, they made me a fresh to-go salad in no time and were super friendly about my requests.  Three: Every single thing I've had here has been delicious.  I try to get different things every once in a while and I've never been disappointed! Yesterday I had the Sonoma chop salad which is amazing and also grabbed a thai chicken salad for a friend and it's my new favorite thing.  I hope people will continue to patronize this beautiful little eatery that we are so lucky to have in Arcadia.  If you are new to LGO, keep an open mind and I think you will find that the great things about it absolutely outweigh the "bad."
5	Love Love Love this place! Laid back atmosphere, great music and delicious, healthy food. Mmmm...just writing about this place is making me crave the daybreaker :) If you go for breakfast on the weekends, make sure you get there early so you can find parking and a table. It gets crazy crowded!
4	So I am in Phoenix for the first time on a business trip and as I am going to my meeting it is lunch time and I pass by the usual fast food options like the golden arches, KFC, Dominos, Taco Bell and secretly hoping to find something better but I am running out of options as I draw perilously close to my destination without any food.I entered a residential area and I thought all hope was lost for lunch but I saw a sign that just said "Grocery" so I figured I could get a sandwich not expecting anything better than something that came out of 7-11 or one of those rotating vending machines.  BUT, instead I walked into a delightful sandwich/restaurant which some tasty options from a real kitchen.I had the Tuna Salad on 9 Grain and it was probably one of the best tuna salad sandwiches I have had in a long time.  It has thin slices of apple in it that really makes it sing.La Grande Orange - thanks for saving me from the drudgery of fast food.
4	Went there the next day and had the chicken salad sandwich which was superb.  The people are friendly and attentive.
5	Met a friend at LGO yesterday for coffee in the quiet betwixt and between hours, that is between the morning and lunch times rushes.It was a lovely, peaceful, cozy environment- the perfect setting for a casual or business meeting, or just to have a comfortable place to sit and browse the web or perhaps to read a book.
1	I've been here so many times and I always get frustrated. The food and service have always been decent but the parking and food pickup situation are the worst in the valley. Its open parking out front then valet in back. Ive lived in Arcadia for years and have gotten a spot out front once. The valets are great but if you're just running in for 5 mins it adds another ten to get your car back. What frustrates me more than anything is there lobby/order pickup area. First they have crammed so many shelves full of rare peanut butters, custom greeting cards, children's educational toys, and hand made wine bottle holders that there is literally one small area for everyone to make an elementary school style line weaving through all this junk. Second, after ordering your $10 sandwich you are forced to wait in a crush of people all clamoring for their food. On more than one occasion my food has been taken by a hungry soccer mom or avid bicyclist in spandex. Then off to the cafeteria style seating to find a table. My problem is if your spending over $10 for their food items then they should give you a number to take to your table so its delivered, not fight cougars in a game of life and death for your meal. I'm over it.
3	First, let me say that the food really is quite good, including the coffee (and I am a snob).  The staff are always friendly.That said, here are my issues: The parking is HORRIBLE with a lot out front that is very limited and I don't like valets getting in my car (nothing personal).  During peak times, the place is difficult to move around and feels very cluttered.  If you can go here during off hours and you are not in a hurry give it a try.
4	I can't believe that I've been a Yelper for three years and have not made it down here before.LGO is an eccelctic place with cute-kitchy things to buy, delicious coffee options, and a fantastic menu. I have only been here for breakfast, but I have to say that I was impressed. Ok, so I was not that impressed when it arrived- it was one of those times when my dish looked small but was actually extremely tasty and filling. I ordered the Venice Beach Burrito. Another friend had the Jersey Girl Omelet (it was very entertaining to watch a large Russian man order this). Hubski had the commuter with salmon. It should be noted that The Commuter sandwich came with a veritable ton of salmon. The lox was bright pink, cut in thick slices and piled on.The pizza looked delicious, so we'll be back for that.I was alo interested in getting one of the many Tammy Coe pastry options, but I was just too damned full. LGO, I'll be back.
3	Like everyone else says, this places is auhhhmazzzinngg. I have never ever ever had a bad meal here. They have everything that you can ever imagine. I mean if I am feeling for an omelet, I can get one of the many that they serve all day- mmhmm my breakfast cravings can always be fulfilled. If breakfast foods aren't your thing, there are plenty of salads, sandwiches, pizzas and daily specialties. (It's always so hard to choose!) I think the best selection is on the weekends but you are going to have to risk the crowds.  Normally I get one of their salads, but this time I got a gluten free pizza. (their new specialty) Um yummy!! I want to make it clear how hard it is to have delicious gluten free pizza. Normally GF pizza is hard and dry- and bland uck!. It was ooey gooey goodness with more of a cracker thin crust- fine by me, I have another yummy pizza place on my list! I was literally dancing in my seat because I had found another place place to go out to.  (My mother finds it quite funny when I do my "Happy Dance")Try Tammie Coe's cupcakes and cakes, I mean yes they are expensive but if you want a celebration in your mouth fork over the 3 bucks, it will be well worth it. If you are a true friend buy your comrade a birthday cake here, they will be indebted to you forever. You may wonder, why did this girl give only three stars? She must be crazy and have outrageous expectations. (I really don't I promise) I mean if I was only rating the food, sure I would give it five out of five stars in a heartbeat. But seriously, there is NO parking, I mean none at all. It is beyond frustrating to drive a bit to come to this delectable haven only to find yourself without a parking spot. Once in a while there is valet, but I don't rely on it because I have been there a couple of times and have to search for a good twenty minutes to get a smig of a spot. (I sometimes have to get creative) And the confusion continues when you walk inside. Yes the grocery is cute but it's a traffic jam just to order. I always seem to find myself running into the cute little nick nacks or into another customer. I like my space and always feel crammed when ordering. And I NEVER go during peak hours, if you do you will never find a seat. I will have to be sneaky and search around the dining room eyeing who may be done with their meal and nonchalantly wait for the table. It's like a game, but it seems that I can never win at.Okay yelpers, don't cross this place off your list, it really is delicious and I always have an enjoyable time. Just be prepared to work a little to have a fantastic meal.
5	I cannot get enough of LGO.My favorite time to come is very early in the morning to enjoy the sun coming up over Camelback Mountain while having some organic coffee and a blackberry bran muffin.The breakfast at LGO has something for everybody, IMO. Try the Croque M'Dame if you want something really bold. The lunch and dinner options are great too. This is the only restaurant I have ever been that I could eat all three meals and feel like I was being served from a different kitchen each time.The only draw back I can think of for LGO is the tendency for it to become very crowded. That's the best problem a restaurant can have, so they're probably not too worried about it. The parking situation can become an issue too, but for my time and money, it's worth it.LGO is top notch in my book and you can find me there pretty regularly.
5	My boyfriend and I visit LGO often ...maybe TOO often! But I just can't get enough of this little place. If you're looking for a trendy place for a lunch with friends, or even a dinner date, this is it. My favorites are the commuter with salmon and avocado, and the cheeseburgers. The cheeseburgers are amazing...and I don't even LIKE cheeseburgers. I also enjoy their Arnold Palmer's! Hands down, 5 stars.
2	Valet parking for groceries and a sandwich?  I don't get it.I finally visited this place for lunch with some co workers. First parking was a real issue and I hate having to valet my car.Once we were inside there was a very long line, with a less than inspired menu of sandwiches salads and a few burgers.I went with  a veggie sandwich, the ingredients may have been local and organic but who cares when its small and not tasty.If you want to seem emo  trendy and impress a girl and go to a locals only joint then check it out, otherwise don't bother.Also the whole grocery part escapes me unless you can live on birdseed and condiments.
2	My husband and I had breakfast at La Grande Orange today. It was our first time and even though parking was difficult I had really high hopes going in. I read up on the reviews from my fellow yelpers out there--and was ready for the challenges that eating here brings. Even though I knew about the long lines and needing to find a table first--I still found it difficult to navigate through this place! Once we got to the counter and we ordered, I was shocked that our bill was over $25. I had the oatmeal with an English muffin and he had the Daybreaker--egg white omelet--we each had OJ and that was it! I asked for a little side of cream and some butter for my oatmeal and it didn't come with our meal. When my husband politely asked for it--the gal at the counter showed little in the way of customer service skills and pretty much treated him as if she didn't have time to deal with his request--a common denominator from other yelpers as well. My oatmeal was decent (although I've had better at Taylor's Cafe--costing about $2 less, much bigger portion and it comes with fresh blueberries, strawberries, banana's as well as cream, butter and brown sugar! :-). My husband's omelet was completely tastless--it was an egg white omelet with smoked turkey breast with avocado and tomato salsa. The tomato's were nice but the omelet had no flavor except for the salt from the turkey. If you're expecting cheese in your omelet--be sure to ask to have some added! It contains exactly what the ingredients lsited on the menu reads--no more, no less. The smoked turkey is your average sliced sandwich turkey meat on top of the egg white rolled up with the tomato's and scant avocado pieces tossed on top. I'm so disappointed--maybe we just ordered the wrong things? When looking around we did see some delicious looking sandwiches and it did seem that people were enjoying their food, we were just wishing that we were enjoying ours as well. We finished quick and got outta there. We'll probably give it one more shot some time down the road. We had the same reaction when we ate lunch at Chelsea's about 6 months ago. Not much in the way of portion for the price you pay. Knowing they're owned by the same company--it sure explains that taste and atmosphere didn't make up for the sticker shock.
4	La Grande Orange is one of those places that I like so much yet due to so many others liking it forces a strain on my ability to like it.Allow me to explain. Everything on the menu and in the store is a solid quality product. If it is something to be eaten then it is delicious. If it is something to buy and use in some other form or fashion then it is more than likely a great at whatever it is.The area where liking La Grande Orange becomes a challenge is that it is always soo overcrowded with customers that the lines and wait for orders can be pretty long. The parking lot is ridiculously small and fills up fast and is almost always full with one or two cars already camping out for a spot.That said, my mouth and stomach convince me that this place is just too good to give up on.I have been living in Dallas, TX most recently and have thought about how nice it would be to have a La Grande Orange out here. With all of the people recently relocating to the Dallas area maybe those who run LGO should consider placing a location out here.
4	Great food, very fresh and they use high quality ingredients.  Their pizzas are really good.  They have great gelato.
5	LGO has long been one of my favorite spots to grab a bite in Phoenix. Not only do they serve up some pretty incredible eats, but also the atmosphere and energy are infectious. I always leave feeling like I did more than have a meal: I leave feeling like I had an experience. For a place that sees as much foot traffic as LGO, and for as little space as they have in the market/counter area, they do a great job of controlling the line and making it so you don't wait too long to order up. I was there during that odd hour in the morning when it feels like you may have missed out on prime breakfast time, but it's too early to order lunch. After going back and forth a bit, breakfast won out, and I got a Venice Beach Burrito with a side of potatoes and a 'Sunrise' (their tangy blend of grapefruit juice and pomegranate). Food came out fast, and I was meeting a friend who had already snagged a table: Two bonuses in my book.Everything tasted great, but I've never been to LGO and thought otherwise. The VBB  with tofu chorizo, mushrooms, corn, spinach, potato, egg whites & charred tomato salsa rolled in a wheat tortilla packs a flavorful punch, but didn't leave me feeling so full that I couldn't go back up and get a cookie later! Breakfast was SO good in fact, that on my way out I decided to get lunch too, and grabbed their stacked turkey sandwich to take back to the office. Knowing that I'd be eating it a bit later, I asked for it dry, and asked them to hold the bread and wrap up my turkey in that same tortilla that my breakfast came in. They are always open to substitutions, and never give me a hard time when I start swapping things around.Even more enjoyable than the food is the diverse and eclectic crowd. LGO has become a gathering spot for business-folk hosting working lunches, moms taking a break from the kids and groups of friends reconnecting. I always see someone I know, and I'm always amazed at how quickly the time passes there.
3	I have been to LGO twice now, and neither time been overly impressed, but please know I want to like it. The layout of the store is great, the food items all sounds amazing, and I like the valet parking. Unfortunately, everything I have ordered (the pizza salad and a tuna sandwich) have sounded better than they actually tasted, the service is also really slow even in the middle of the day and both times they have been out of my first selection. I will give it another shot and certainly hope it improves...
5	This review is strictly for the desserts.I've eaten a cookie from LGO before and was excellent. Who knew apple oatmeal would taste so good! Being my first time at the actual location, I was able to see the various selections of cakes, cookies and cupcakes. I had a tough time choosing what to get.After much thought, I ended up with the old timer cupcake. This is a hostess cupcake on steroids.and talker. The cupcake was excellent. My recommendation is to get milk with the purchase and not wait until a few bites in like I did because of how rick the chocolate is. Looking forward to trying out other items next time I'm there!
4	My husband and I love having breakfast here.  Such a cute place with delicious food keeps us coming back.  The atmosphere is lively and  it's a nice way to start the day.
4	This is definitely one of my favorite brunch spots.  My husband and I just met some friends here for brunch, and as always, we ate delicious food.  I had the commuter sandwich with bacon, gruyere and avocado - DELISH!  My husband had an english muffin.  The coffee bar here is also very tasty, and their iced teas are delicious.  The only downside is that it is always very crowded, and parking is always difficult.  They have valet, but I tend to resent being forced into valet.  Don't forget to try the delicious Tammie Coe baked goods while you are here!
4	Always a bit crowded but worth the wait.  I've only gone here for breakfast, but it's always been superb.  The Coffee is outstanding, and the apple oatmeal cookies are worth killing for, should you ever be put in that situation.
5	This place is absolutely adorable. It's perfect for lunch. They have a little shop with an assortment of things - from notecards and miscellaneous to drinks and food and snacks. You can also order off their menu from the counter. Seriously, you can't go wrong here. The food is always great, the drinks are tasty and when the weather's nice you can grab a little table outside and just enjoy it.
4	Wanna know how to tell when your lunch salad is REALLY good?When you "drool a little bit" in between bites, like I did today with my Chopped Turkey Salad from La Grande Orange.I went there on Sunday 10-24, and to be honest, the setup is a little confusing for newcomers.  Order on THIS side, pickup food on THAT side, come back to THIS side to get dessert.  It's enough to make you want to just get in the car and drive home.  But DON'T !!!If it weren't for the "Drool Event" which occurred today, I probably would not have posted this review at all.I shared the Green Chile Burger with my daughter, and we were both underwhelmed, really.  Nothing awesome about the burger.  Oh, it's FAR better than fast food burgers, but it's not comparable to Lobby's or Chuckbox (my two top burgers in town, probably.)  The french fries were a little thin and not too memorable really.My son had the wings and loved them  But a hitch - I SPECIFICALLY requested RANCH for the wings, and they came out with Blue Cheese, which I then had to take back and get exchanged for Ranch.  Not a huge problem, but just a little annoying.  The Ranch was very good however.The "Olive Oil Cake" that everyone RAVES about?  Meh.  It's just an extra-moist version of your average pound cake.  Tastes just like the pound cake I grew up eating in Texas, but it was a little "oilier" than your usual pound cake fare.  It was good, but not "Oh My God!" good.Now for the best item I had from there:  The Drool Creator.It was mostly an afterthought, really.  While standing in line to get the Olive Oil cake to go, I saw the little section where they keep their "to go" salads.  I looked around at the varieties, and thought the Chopped Turkey Salad looked promising - bacon, boiled egg, turkey slices, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and two different dressings - Blue Cheese and some sort of yellowish vinaigrette.   I decided to take one home and eat it for lunch at work on Monday and Tuesday.Great.  Decision.I don't really know what the magic was.  Maybe it was just a good combination of flavors.  Maybe it was just all fresh.  Maybe they use some sort of Magical Salad Crack.  I don't know.  But it was a DANG good salad.  Even on the third day, when I ate the last of it.I just combined both dressings ( about half of each little container each day ) and it was marvelous.Not too many meals cause me to drool in between bites.  This salad had some serious Mojo.I WILL be back for another one, hoping to recapture the Magic.
4	I salute you, Mr. Hard to Find Parking and Impossible to Get Help grocery store. You have enviable prowess in providing cramped spaces both out front, inside, and even around the neighborhood in which you reside. You make a mean pot of coffee, and you have a glorious array of sandwiches. If you were a Gerbil, you'd be the king of all gerbils in the kingdom. For that, I salute you.LGO has been a family favorite for years ever since they opened. We used to go for lunch every week, and I'd eat the BLT every time, not because I'm not adventureous, but because it is THAT good. Whole wheat toast, a heaping pile of fresh bacon, and avocados. No BLT I've ever had, even ones at home, can touch it. The Commuter Sandwich with smoked salmon always hits the spot at 7 in the morning with my hot cup of Ethiopian Dark Roast. For dinner, you can't beat their pizza with anything other than a Chris Bianco pie. Yes, that's right, I said it, one of the best pizzas in town. So why, after raving about all of these items, is LGO a four star establishment? Service inconsistencies, pricing, and parking. Numerous times, I've been annoyed by the LGO police, girls who think they have as much authority as a mall cop, because they work there. Get over yourself, you make $7 an hour to slang beans and sandwiches. You ain't no Vice Lord. It's a rare occurance, but it doe happen from time to time. LGO, just like your girls who work there, you need to realize the products you're pimpin aint hoes and crack. $9 for a breakfast burrito with no sides, $3 for a bottle of water, and $12 for a note book is obnoxious. I can go to Kmart and buy the same note book, sans the "made locally" stamp, for 99 cents. Parking is A to the trocious. You can't help that, minus .003 stars. Last but not least, please for the love of all that is holy, offer a bigger size for your iced tea. I'll gladly pay for it. Ask Luci, her healthy marketplace has an iced tea fit for a king.
4	This is my weekend recovery spot.  Sunday and/or Saturday mornings (yeah, right, more like afternoon) my gusband and I walk to LGO (also serves as an excuse for a workout... a workout that ends with tuna sandwiches probably isn't effective).  We sit outside and enjoy the beautiful weather, pretending to be on vacation.  Food-Commuter Sandwich with bacon- I die.  I've never tasted bacon so delicious.  Tuna Sandwich- sliced cucumber and apple give it a fresh taste that makes me forget I'm essentially eating a bunch of mayo.Some salad I don't remember the name of- tangy, spicy, Asiany.  It wasn't really worth remembering, but it wasn't that bad either. Green Chili Mac-  My weakness.  Who can resist gooey cheese and green chili?  Not me, that's for sure.Croque Madame- Gruyere cheese and a runny yoke, my two favorite things.   I pretty much just rotate the above, except for the Asiany salad. The only reason I don't give this little gem 5 stars? Service.  Some of the employees have been down right rude, like the customers are annoying for trying to order something.  It makes it hard on me because my gusband can be a bit feisty and when there is a bitch behind the counter I know I will have to play peace keeper.  Not fun.  Stop doing that to me LGO.  Just be nice and my gusband won't turn into the hulk... and by hulk I mean a pissed off gay man with an attitude.
5	Sure, you could hate on LGO for:-the difficulty of finding a parking spot (although people are always coming and going, wait 2 minutes and someone will vacate a spot or there is ALWAYS parking across the street)-the crowd or occasional snobby worker (more often than not, the people are friendly and I don't wait more than 5 min to order even though the line looks daunting)-the "our dishes are good and we know it" high pricesBUT, if we're basing the review of LGO on food & experience: 5 stars.  My biggest complaint would be the vegetarian sandwich, but I lived and I learned and I don't order it anymore.  Looking for something veg?  The sweet potatoe sushi roll, vegetarian breakfast burrito, and the mother earth pizza (which can be made vegan and/or gluten free) are all great choices!  Other highlights: the commuter sandwich with turkey, the AMAZING pizza, and their splendid iced green tea (or anything else from the coffee bar).  But finally, I dare you to taste a Tammie Coe pastry that doesn't blow your mind.  The best is the Ooey Gooey cupcake - don't be led astray by how good the red velvet looks, just get the Ooey Gooey, TRUST ME!  If you're feeling dangerous, the Old Fashioned (which looks like a hostess cupcake) is wonderful, as are the cookies and cakes.  If you're not a confection kind of person and you can resist the pastry shelves, move due south within the restaurant to the Gelato shop where the ice cream is equally as delicious as the rest of the food!
4	I love La Grande Orange. I recently moved to Phoenix and was delighted to find this place in my new neighborhood. Their 24-hour cold brewed coffee is refreshing and flavorful... not watered down even as the ice melts. I am excited to work my way through the many coffees, sandwiches, pizzas, and other menu items - - there are plenty vegetarian options! (They even keep vegans in mind and offer adjustments/alternatives on their menu.) I tried their signature english muffins for breakfast one day, on recommendation of many Yelpers, and they were amazing. I wouldn't pay the price for them every day, but they are a great treat to enjoy with a coffee out on the patio.Downsides: The prices are high. The service is inconsistent... I've been at the barista counter several times and waited for someone to acknowledge my presence. Luckily, when they do, they are nice and my order is up on the counter quickly. It is crazy chaotic most of the day, and gets difficult to navigate through the store without bumping into someone. Luckily, as you weave through the store, you get to look at all of the unique merchandise LGO has to offer, from the perfect handmade greeting card, the small but significant selection of beer, or the coffee table book you never knew you needed.
5	The salted chocolate cookies are the most fabulous things I have ever had. I could eat them everyday! They have tammy coe cakes which are jst as beautiful as they taste.  I love their french pancakes they ate sweetened with honey and strawberries and topped with creme fraiche delicious!!!!!! When I step into this place its like going to a french cafe.  I used to live there so I remember what those places were like.  I live a block away so I go a couple times a week its just fabulous!!!! The wine selection there is wonderful...the staff is friendly.  Its nice because they have curbside pick up if you want to enjoy your goodies at home...you can also stay and enjoy at nice little table inside or on their cute patio.  Its nestled in the heart of arcadia you cannot get much better!!! Try it you will become addicted!!!
4	I stop for their great coffee every morning -- and only drive by when I can't manage to get a parking spot.  LGO also has really great unique gifts that have come in handy for Mother's Day, Christmas and "just because" cards and notes.
5	This place is awesome... it makes me forget that I'm in Phoenix sometimes.  While I can't review the whole menu, I know their yogurt, orange juice, and coffee is awesome!  Service is usually really good and friendly, and the fact that you see a lot of the same people there a lot means that they're probably keeping more than just me happy.Check it out next time you're in the area... driving, cycling, or walking.
4	Great place. Gave it four instead of five stars because parking is always a problem. It is a great place to pick up a little nosh- pizza place next door as well. They have bakery items,. try the red velvet or the chocolate layer cake, sandwiches and more. They are open for breakfast , lunch and dinner. They have the absolute best english muffins-you must toast them twice and they get extra crunchy and talk about nooks and crannies! Oh baby! Love it. Service with a smile- and they mean it!
5	We're definitely going back. Be sure to order their English muffins and a pizza.  Thin and crispy and fresh! Excellent! We went on saturday morning for brunch and it was quite crowded. Luckily we got a space to sit. Looks like its a favorite of a lot of people! and for good reason.
5	My fav breakfast place in Phoenix!You get: great food, great atmosphere, good service (parking a little bit of a challenge, but I live right across the street so I just walk).  They even have drive up take out service!I mostly eat the breakfast there but have had sandwiches as well as the pizza at the Pizzeria next door.  Delicious!  Anyone who gives LGO negative reviews has just fallen into the usual boring Phoenix restaurant style type eating.  LGO is something different...order and serve yourself....kinda' like fast food (but you have to wait a little bit because all the food is made fresh), but seat yourself and don't have to worry about waiting for a server to bring your drinks/food!  Coffee is great (and strong). Daybreaker is my favorite healthy breakfast choice (egg white with turkey slices, avacado, tomato and salsa....get with a side of fruit or potato...fantastic!)Yes, prices are a little higher than average in Phoenix....but you get what you pay for.We love coming here after a good hike at Squak Peak or Camelback! Fresh squeed OJ is great and fresh made english muffines are yummy.
5	If I lived in Phoenix (which I'm highly considering after experiencing the 70 degree weather in the middle of winter) I would come to LGO at least a few times a week for lunch and a laptop work session. My time here today has been made up of one beautiful discovery after another!Walking in, it was really crowded and there were tons of cute little knick-knacks for sale, so I couldn't really figure out how it was a restaurant... that was until I saw the counter and the giant menu of items they offer! After some deliberation I went with the reuben (always my top choice) and a glass of iced tea. I was needing a pick-me-up meal, and this seriously got the job done. The reuben was huge and was piled high with juicy corned beef and a layer of delicious cole slaw, and was on some of the softest marble bread I've ever had. I was amazed! As if the glorious sandwich creation wasn't enough, it came with some sweet pickles and a big slice of pineapple. I couldn't believe how perfect this lunch was! It had me full and back to life in no time. And don't even get me started on the iced tea.The atmosphere here rocks and is totally conducive to knocking out some work projects. Today it was a mix of biz professionals, groups of friends, and a couple of families. Gabi M. and I started at a round table and then moved to the community work table... the height was better for working on laptops, and there are plenty of outlets!After Gabi left and Lindsey F. showed up, I was debating going for one of the ridiculously large cookies they have at the front counter. Lindsey told me to do it (she REALLY twisted my arm) and loads of calories later, I was satisfied by a chocolate chip cookie close to the size of my head. One other awesome detail... they play great music! Get your Shazam app ready, 'cause you're going to want to know the titles/artist names of every song that comes through the speakers.(P.S. I was just joking about moving to Phoenix. You know my heart is in St. Louis!)
4	Great sandwich, healthy and fresh ingredients..
4	Avocado pizza was decent. The shop next store is very cute and a nice way to pass time while you wait for a table. Or if you go for breakfast its a nice way to pass a few mins. I was disappointed the last time I was in as my order was completely lost and I patiently waited for about 30 mins and had to go up and reorder. But they did comp my meal so I'll let it slide this time :) But the breakfast I had was simple and healthy. Exactly what I was looking for that day.
3	Alright, I'll be honest. I've been an LGO hater for years now. As far as I was concerned it was an over-hyped, overpriced, chi chi trinket store for people with way too much money to blow on crap they don't need. Oh, and they had some food too, but not nearly as much as they did $19 candy. And who doesn't love $19 candy??Now, all of my previous sentiments are still exactly the same. I still think it is all those things that I did before, but they have at least upped a place in my heart (stomach) due to the best freakin BLT I've ever had. For real. Their Avocado BLT is to die for. Glorious slice of bacon stacked on top of glorious slice of bacon on top of more and more bacon. For miles. And goooood bacon. Fresh avocados, tomatoes and lettuce as well to boot. Also came with a delicious slice of pineapple on the side which was one of the ripest I've had out here in a while, so kudos to that as well.So while I don't see myself patroning the establishment on my own terribly often, next time my boss wants to spend an exorbitant amount of money on my lunch again. I'm comin' for my BLT with open arms.
5	If you go to LGO Grocery on a Sunday morning for breakfast or brunch and you see the parking lot is full and there is a line out the door, please don't turn around and go some where else, please! You will not be disappointed with the wait! Or just pass it by so there is one less person in front of ME!!! The quality of food is untouchable! Okay, really their homemade english muffins are what is untouchable! Try the commuter sandwich, yes it is on one of their AMAZING homemade english muffins. If you have been to LGO next door for a meal, then you know the quality of the food is top notch, well there is nothing disappointing about their Grocery!Oh and please don't forget to pick up a Tammy Coe Red Velvet Cupcake, they are the best I have had to date! The cupcakes can be found in the glass case below the menus. And they are full of the most divine treats you will come across.LGO Grocery you are truly amazing and addictive. I find myself making excuses to pass by, just so I can stop in for some tasty treats.
2	I love the food and coffee here (although I would double dog dare anyone to actually commute anywhere while trying to eat the commuter breakfast sandwich). Long lines? I can deal with those. But for food/coffee this expensive why... WHY are there tip jars out? Please explain to me why I need to tip... for someone to call out my name? Really? Are you not paying your employees enough? It's ridiculous. I hate tip jars. But the service is always good so I feel like a jerk for not tipping, which results in fewer visits here. Seriously, your price+tip=way too much for what you get.Also, what's up with the disappearance of the small yogurt granola? It's not on the menu and missing from the refrigerated case the last couple of times I've been in there. Boo.
4	Oh LGO what to do with you.  LGO is part of a corner on 40th and Campbell that the owner has managed to transform.  It is a self contained little village.  LGO Grocery being the anchor if the choices on establishments.Perk - they offer curbside, and has a nice European feel to hit.  They offer specialty goods here and good at changing out the merchandise.  Quick run downBeverages - nice selection in coolers.  One of the first to carry the orange and lemon San PellegrinoWines - good selection and the prices are in line with other valley locationsCheeses - they do excel and the cheese selection along with homemade breadsCoffee bar - a bit lack luster, I think it could be so much better if the baristas were passionate about it versus college studentsPastries - both LGO creations creations and Tammy CoeMenu - is full of breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Simple and good, they also offer premade to grab and goI stopped in yesterday for the pimento dip which I swear has crack in it.  I am not a huge pimento person and I ate this in one sitting.  I have had a variety of itemsHomemade hash, All salads, burgers and most pastries.  I do think the LGO's pastries are better than Tammy Coe - I think the others use too much fondit.  The also offer amazing gelato both in the Grocery and the actual gelato store.  IT is a great neighborhood stop, you can chill bring your dog, have a cup of Joe.  Also, on a side note they always seem to be playing wicked music.
5	I've decided that I must yelp review some of my all time favorite places across the country.  La Grand Orange (LGO) is one of them.LGO has that ambiance that instantly makes you feel warm and happy inside. People are friendly, the food is delightful, music is wonderful, and everything combines to make you have one of those moments where you look around and realize "I'm so happy!"  It's a sensory overload, and it's so great that you don't even notice the long lines and prices. I could also do without the merchandise, although I would really love to replace my LGO mug that I lost.  What I can't live without is the Havana Latte.  Picture this: whole milk, sweetened condense milk, espresso...it is heaven in your mouth. I want to insert a million expletives just to show my passion for it.Need food to go with your drink? The Jersey Omelette is delish. Really anything is awesome.  And! You're welcome to bring in your laptop and do whatever. LGO is one of the only things I miss about Phoenix. If I could've packed it up, I would have taken it with me.
4	Their OJ is to white Bronco run for. (Reference too old?)LGO had a great atmosphere. Very European. I was seated outside and it was, for lack of a better word, pleasant. Very relaxing. Everybody seemed to be really happy there- except the people who weren't sitting. There just isn't enough outdoor seating so people would be floating around like hawks. Learn to ignore them and all will be well. I had their French 'Pancakes' which honestly is American for crepes. Seeing it written this way on the menu reminded me Ricky Bobby: Talledega Nights. "Those thin pancakes? I LOVE THOSE!" They're not too sweet so if you're expecting IHOP-like sweetness you'll be very disappointed. Everything here, I believe, is fresh including the fruit; it means that it's not always going to be super sweet. "The Big Orange" is also a grocery store and from what I could gather, you had to bring your own bags. Remember, if the groceries don't fit acquit!Someone needs to shoot me. With a review this bad I'm getting away with murder :)
5	BEST RED VELVET CAKE IN THE WORLD! The store is crowded and always busy but the food is worth the drive and hassle.
3	Parking is horrible, but the place is charming.  I love the ecclectic mix of gifts (books, soaps, candles, candies and stuffed animals) along with food products and wine.  The prices are high.  You are paying for the charm and the convenience of being in Arcardia.  I will say however this is often were I come for my dessert fix.  They carry tammie coe cupcakes which are sweet and delicious.  I always pop in when i'm grabbing a pizza, over at Postinos or jonesing for some gelato next door.  Great place to grab some coffee or a quick breakfast on the weekend.  Real neighborhood feel.
4	The mushroom pizza is amazing.  I also REALLY like that you can order a bottle of wine from the grocery with no corkage. Their wine prices aren't bad for bottles that way,  much better than the cost of a glass!Just don't go on a busy night and you won't have to deal with the parking nightmare or the waiting.  Go on Monday.  It was super good!
2	This is a good place if you like loud music (so loud that the cashier can't hear you and you can't hear them!) and a store that is PACKED so that one person can get around the store at a time.  They sell lots of little items and it appears more like a tourist trap than a grocery store.  I wasn't thrilled with the store at all, small parking, small inside and packed with stuff!  However, we did leave with a few English muffins (which are huge!) - they are really really good, I would stop by and get them again.  Also had an old fashioned cake, like a hostess chocolate cake, which was also really good - but they didn't make it.  Great place to take friends for a once experience, not great for eating there often or for large groups.
4	LGO grocery is a great little place, it reminds me of a high class, artsy Cracker Barrel. They have alot of really cute stuff you can't find anywhere else including knick knacks, specialty candies, and accessories. It's also tied into the restaurant and you place your order on the grocery side so it gets pretty crowded, if you head down there try to go during non peak hours, unless you like being packed in like a sardine ^_-
5	LOVE it!  So many fun products to check-out while you wait.  Good wine selection (and no corkage).  The tuna sandwich was truly the best sandwich I've had since my old favorite The Hamburger Habit in Santa Barbara.  I will be back!!
5	This place is AWESOME! They have the best Chicken salad sandwich i've ever had in my life! If you're in a hurry this isnt the place to go. It's always packed but thats a good thing! it's absolutely delicious!
4	Four stars ONLY due to lack of convenience.  Must schedule trips around "rush hour" to prevent searching for a parking spot and waiting in long lines.The place is crowded for a reason.  Must have items include chocolate chip cookie sprinkled with sea salt, the dressing on the caesar salad and the coffee served for breakfast.  Service is great...staff always very friendly and accommodating.
5	I love this place, and the wait is well worth it. If you are not a fan of waits, crowds or good nosh or novelty food, then La Grande Orange is not for you. But those among you with a versatile and educated palate will enjoy all they have to offer!
5	Have you ever moved somewhere and then looked around at the surrounding communities and wished that you had selected the next street over?  Or the next town, closer to work, etc.?  I've been very fortunate since arriving in Arizona.  Phoenix, AZ 85018 has always been my neighborhood.  My ex picked a condo near 36th and Camelback 6 years ago.  Then I lived in a funky, cool condo community near Campbell and 44th.  And now I reside within a minute walk of La Grande Orange Grocery (pronounce it LGO, much easier) and the original Postino Wine Cafe.  I purchased my home 3 years ago because of the community, the location, the possibilities of what the lot/home had to offer AND because of LGO.  The idea to have my business located here, Space Massage Studio,  came about after living here for a year or so.  That's another story for another time.I appreciate the uniqueness that La Grande Orange offers to the neighborhood.  When radio Milano was open (now the Arcadia Room), it was my favorite for noshing because of it's ambiance, service and location.It's amusing to hear/read of so many people that drive here from Glendale, Chandler or even Scottsdale and are frustrated that they cannot find a parking spot, on a Saturday!  Really?  This is a neighborhood, meant for biking & walking.  LGO is not a mall.  I will say that if you find a spot within a 2-3 minute walk away, it's worth it.  Slow down, enjoy the stroll.
4	Yum!Cute, cute place!!  Go for specialty groceries, pastries, or a quick lunch or breakfast.
5	I love LGO! Everything that I have had here is always very fresh tasting and delish!  My favorite lunch salad is the smoked salmon salad.  You can also take your dog here and sit on the patio which is very nice since there are not a ton of places in Phoenix to bring your pup!The Tammie Coe desserts are also to die for!  The last time I went I got the coconut cupcake, I thought I made good cupcakes, but then I tried this one!  Very moist and the cream cheese frosting was amazing!
4	Staple of phoenix.  LGO offers so much besides a cup of coffee and breakfast sandwich (both of which are phenomenal).  Its a bit of sensory overload when you walk into LGO... its ALWAYS crowded (people can really sniff out a good thing), and its crammed full of their specialty market and grocery items (tough on my pursestrings because everything they sell is either ridiculously cute or scrumptious). The entire atmosphere is incredibly adorable. It'd be sacreligious not to get a Havana Latte... Now that I'm thinking about one I just might have to make a quick LGO run today.  The breakfast sandwiches are also to die for and don't forget a red velvet Tammie Coe cupcake (breakfast of champions).  There is the LGO Pizzeria next door/attached and it is also super delicious.  Only negatives are that LGO is very popular and therefore has limited seating.  So if you are wanting to stay awhile to either work or gossip you might have a hard time finding a seat.  Parking can be a nightmare too.  The last few time I've gotten lucky but its somewhat hit or miss and awkward to park.
4	Nice little cozy neighborhood market.  I was in the area and decided to drop by to check out what was fresh and get a drink.  From reading the other reviews I would've love to try their pizza.  The place reminds me of Dean & Deluca in a smaller package.  I usually don't eat sushi from markets but even their sushi looked appetizing.
5	Yummy.  Try the commuter sandwich, or the gourmet giant cookies.  Fast service for such quality food.
4	Amendment to my original review: the flow of traffic throughout this entire space is bad and that's including parking.  Lines in several different locations in the restaurant cut the space and make it difficult to traverse throughout the restaurant.  The tuna filet sandwich (not the tuna salad mind you) with a side of fries makes it so worth it though.
2	Been here many times for breakfast, the place is a zoo, but it is sort of a controlled chaos, but tonight it was just a write off. I don't know if they were short staffed, but a quick coffee, turned into 20 minutes, then we were told to go stand in line again (10 deep) at 7pm?!?  Extremely slow service, so if you want a quick coffee in the evening go somewhere else, but they seem to have morning coffee figured out!  Of course the parking is the usual :(
4	This place is great.  I wish I lived closer so I could go more often.  My staple is the veggie sandwich - it's fabulous, and the pickles they serve on the side are divine!Only 2 negatives for me here - the noise factor (they play music really loud, plus lots of people), and the crowd/parking issue.  This place is popular (for a reason!) and parking is always an issue.  I usually just call ahead and do the car pick up for this reason, but I wish I could park easily and stay and linger.  They have a really fun shop with pretty unique items, and I do enjoy browsing there and hanging out.  But parking is so difficult that I just content myself with the food to go.
4	After stopping by here several times to buy bread on Sunday, because Pane Bianco is closed, I had the opportunity to have breakfast here several times; amazing food and grocery area. Very glad they have a complimentary valet these days but seating can be chaotic. Love the strawberry brioche, pizza, and daybreaker sammie sans meat!  Buy the reuseable cups for cheap iced tea refills which are necessary in PHX during the hot summers.
4	Laid back, fun, marketplace atmosphere with great food. The service was friendly and fast. We went early enough so it wasn't too crowded and were able to snatch a good parking spot. Tried the breakfast sandwich with avacado and bacon as well as the potatoes to share. The portions were generous. Bacon not too oily with a good stuffing to english muffin ratio. I especially appreciated the fact that the eggs were cooked perfectly - still moist and yet not funny in the middle. We will definitely have to return for some of their lunch items!
5	Stepping foot into LGO makes me want to move to the Arcadia area immediately! It is absolute madness inside, filled with Lululemon clad young professionals, the smell of yummy breakfast in the air (perhaps with a hint of Michael Kors "Very Hollywood" ;)), smiles from all of the employees, and super cute season appropriate trinkets. Every time I have gone it has been PACKED, but so worth the wait! A friend & I went on a Sunday morning after an intense bootcamp session to refuel with egg white omelettes, mine with avacado, hers with Veggies. Perfect AM protein fix! I've only been for breakfast, but I am dying to hit the pizzeria for dinner. Absolutely darling.
5	LGO never fails me.  It is absolutely my favorite place to have brekkie.   It is a tradition to head to LGO when I am in Phx visiting KD. Simply said, I would not leave satisfied if we didn't go. Today I was able to introduce my friend Mike S to this favorite of mine. I do believe he left this fine establishment as a fan.  Other friends joined us today and the majority of the table had a commuter sandwich.  It is the BEST breakfast sandwich on the planet.  It consists of an English muffin (made at LGO), eggs, tomato and mayo.  My meat of choice on the commuter is bacon.  This sandwich is addictive!  The best thing about LGO is that you cannot go wrong with anything you order.  You will leave happier (impossible not to). I have been to LGO too many times to count but each time I leave, I 'm one happy camper!  Mike and I were waiting for our food, looking at the other items that were ready and thinking that everything looked scrumptious.  On days that the commuter has not been my choice, I have had the french pancakes (delicious) or the fruit (always so nice and fresh). LGO has a fun atmosphere and a cute store to wander around in while you wait.  I would be amiss if I didn't mention their iced tea.  I always have the standard iced tea but I know people also greatly enjoy their iced green tea.  I started with the iced tea and as much as I love green tea, I can't move beyond the regular iced tea.  I also appreciate being able to get a refill before I exit.  Also, I always marvel at the sweet treats from Tammy Coe in the display cases by the register. On occasion, I bring some back to Tucson to share.Love love love LGO!!
3	I've stopped by the shop before but never got anything so this morning after 2 hikes I decided to come in for a cup of coffee before hiking Camelbak.  There were many employees and I was waiting at the coffee counter for about 4 minutes with no one to help me, which I don't mind so much.. I don't know if I was supposed to wait in the other line where the food was being served?  The coffee dispensers were in the other room then the regular coffee was dry.. I guess it's just bad timing.  I waited some more but at least I got a fresh hot coffee.  I would go here instead of starbucks anyday!I'll have to return to go next door to the pizza place someday.
5	The fresh MJ breads and Tammie Coe cakes/pastries are the best on the west coast.  The communter sandwich is my favorite breakfast food.  The to go salads are fresh and more than you can eat. It is a very popular place, so be prepared to wait in line, but it is worth it!
4	Went for the first time on my birthday for Sunday brunch - talk about diving right into the deep end! It was busy. Buuuusssy. But, food was good, coffee - delicous, the pricing was slightly high for my budget (so not an everyday place).. the only downside really was the chaos that is ordering/paying/waiting for your food during a peak time. So just be prepared for that & a lack of parking.
4	We're regulars at LGO. Amazing desserts, delicious homemade English muffins (can't go wrong with the commuter sandwich w/ avocado and bacon). They sell a great bottle of inexpensive wine- Klee. And always revolving retail area w/ unique gifts. Great place to eat, shop & relax.
5	Holy -god damn it - batman - rock n' roll I love LGO.   Even when this bish is rocking hard on a Saturday morning and I'm yanked cause parking here is an absolute cluster (not their fault they kick ass and everyone wants to mow here) I find it feasible to commandeer a table (Steph does this part) get coffee/hot chocolate and get  my scrumdiddliuptious nummers nom nom'd.   I highly recommend eating a Tammie Coe pastry while waiting for your food.  She makes a crumb bun that will make you weep.  The thing is a religious experience, I swear.  FYI there is no waiter service till 4:00PM.
4	The Good - food, shopping for worthless  tchotchkes, nice patio, dog friendly.The Bad - overcrowded, listening to the boring yuppie a-holes is unavoidable, dogs everywhere.
4	THe LGO grocery is quite unique.  You walk into the front and you see a menu with breakfast items, sandwiches, pizzas, and incredible desserts.  When you turn the corners, you run into a lot of cool trinkets, unique snacks, soaps and lotions, and much more.  The prices are a bit unreasonable, but that is expected of a store that is within a nice restaurant.  I think the rosemary raisin almond crackers looked the most interested that was within price range.  My eyes were glued towards the wine as well.  I will have to update this review once I buy something here.
2	I've been here twice. The food is pretty good; service is awful. The first time I was there it was very crowded. I was just getting a pre-made salad and a drink and apparently was in the "wrong" line. After waiting my turn and finally getting to the cashier, she rudely told me I was in the wrong line and wouldn't ring me up. SORRY. Did not know that, being my first time. I had a similar experience with snotty cashiers the 2nd time I went. It's always over-crowded but I guess the yuppie a-holes love this place. I won't be back.
5	Yummy, Yummy,Yummy!!  Good food, drinks, and good for children!!! Definitely wil return!!:))
4	How have I not reiviewed LGO yet? How? I'm flabbergasted at the fact that I have not publicly declared my love for this gem of a neighborhood hangout. Here it is - my heart on my sleeve. Or my drool on my shirtThe atmosphere here is the closest vibe I've found to my Minneapolis roots. All kinds of strokes, all kinds of folks, and the underlying assumption that you already "know" everyone, including the people you haven't met. Every time I go, which is every other day, I sit next to some perfect stranger and feel like they're my next door neighbor. Funny cuz I actually did meet my next door neighbor at LGO the day after moving in across the street.Fabulous vegan and veggie fare, enough on the menu to keep me interested for as regularly as I go. And the English Muffins. Oh the English Muffins. They are as big as my face and delicious enough to have their own Facebook page (Hello if the Cowboy Ciao Original Chopped Salad can have it's own FB page, so can these muffins!). Wine shop, colassal cookies, dog friendly and the best source for last-minute random gifts. That is one big ass orange.
5	Breakfast, you gotta have the Jersey girl omlette.Lunch, you gotta have the seared ahi tuna sandwich, but on an english muffin, not toast.  This lunch sandwich is the BEST in the city.   I could eat it every day.  Only available until 4pm though.
5	I went here while on vacation. Beautiful cakes in the display case! Neato gift items. Yummy  food. I was very happy that they were able to remake my salad without cheese.I loved every bit of this place.
5	LGO is definitely a staple in Phoenix, especially if you enjoy the Arcadia side of town.  Friday night was my 2nd visit to Le Grande, and I have decided that it is where self-proclaimed BOHEMIANS and HIPSTERS alike can come to UNITE!We (my boyfriend + his brother's girlfriend + myself) waited about 30 minutes for our table, which is on-par for no reservations on a Friday at 8pm anywhere... no big deal.While you wait, check out the GROCERY STORE!  (Think Urban Outfitters' quirky gifts meets baked goods at Bertha's Cafe... and let's not forget the fine selection of Vino from around the world) :)  :)Needless to say, that kept three of us occupied until our table was ready.  The Gladiator Pizza is great for all you men too afraid to put anything green in your mouths -meat galore- .  The Avocado Pizza is what I ordered during my first visit, and it was just as simple, tasty, and amazing as I remember... Ladies and gentleman: the perfect amount of cheese, avocados, proscuitto, fresh basil, and lemon zest. Mmmm..Two pizzas were more than enough for the 3 of us and we did a bottle of Malbec to complement it all.  Our server was very helpful with a great wine recommendation, and we even ordered Red Velvet Cake to top it off.Maybe we just weren't expecting such a rich taste, but the Red Velvet was not something to go back for, or ever order again, in that case.  However, the gelato (suggested on the menu to complement the cake) was phenomenal.. it was Almond flavored with a tart raspberry? swirled in and a hint of lemon zest.By the way, they make their own gelato in-house and you can even stop into the shop and grab some if you're not looking for dinner or groceries. All in all, LGO has a great Portland/San Fran vibe to it and food/wine/dessert/merchandise to boot!  So stop reading and GO!!!
4	Quick review ... The placeDefinitely has a hipster/yuppie vibe to it.  Hidden in a neighborhood.  Half kitschy junk for sale and half restaurant.  Service was friendly and prompt.The foodStopped in with the kiddos so we only got coffee and a cookie, both were great.  The draw is the food for sure.The bottom lineI like the energy and vibe that they have, but it comes at quite a price in that the noise factor is off the charts.
4	I had driven past this place for ages not knowing what it was but seeing it always packed. Finally decided to go in, it is adorable! I didn't get much but it was delicious. I heard their English muffins were fantastic and I was not mislead. Wish I had purchased a bag to go. SO GOOD with just some jelly. mmm! I also got a side of their potatoes (w/o sour cream) and a side of fruit (w/o creme fraishe). Next time I will try the chickpea lettuce wraps. Their tea is really good, too. They seemed flexible with vegan special orders and I love their wide ranging hours.I did feel a bit like a fuddy duddy thinking the music was way too loud but other than that the atmosphere, service the food and ingredients were exceptional.
3	I've been to La Grande Orange a few times and adore the venue, grocery and store. However, I have been less than impressed with the food. The first time I went for breakfast and had the Jersey Girl Omelet. It was good but not great. The next timeI had the mushroom pizza. It was so greasy that I had to go through multiple napkins and could only eat 1-2 small pieces before I gave it all to my friends.To sum it up, if you are looking for a chill place to hang out, people watch and do some small gift shopping it is a great place but don't do there for the food.
5	I hesitate to give it such a high rating but I truly cannot find a reason not to.  I started visiting just to pick up the Tammie Coe coconut cupcakes (amazing), then would get espresso - very nice - huge cups for a little drink (fun). Finally I ordered a sandwich to go. The Turkey Stack. Wow, delish! The bread was wonderful, turkey great, perfect avocado, havarti and mayo/mustard was a great combo. I look forward to returning and trying breakfast. Parking is a nightmare.My kids love the old fashioned Cupcake that looks like a hostess cupcake.The gift store is very cool. Great wine store. Nice patio for pooches. I wish I lived in Arcadia.
5	This place makes such great food and the store is fun to shop in while you wait. They make their own English muffins, which are so freakin good, you'll wonder why no other bakery has ever made them.
4	This place is so neat! The Tuna Steak sandwich is fantastic and the cold brew coffee is a tasty treat to energize you! The store also has lots of nifty little gifts that you can't say no to buying.
4	The food is pretty good, especially the cheeses:) The cold brew is also pretty good most of the time.  The place is pretty adorable. I really enjoy coming here, but the parking sucks big time.  There is "free" valet in the back, but of course you should tip.  I mean, does this place really need valet?? Also, I avoid this place on weekend afternoons.
5	Do yourself a favor and get a Havana Latte and any one of their pizzas.  You can thank me later.
5	Love this place! They've got great food and ambience - just a perfect place to sit outside, grab one of their honey lattes, and anything to nosh on. Love the Tammie Coe offerings! Favorite salad here, their Nicoise. Favorite sandwich, their Croque Madame. Favorite breakfast, their Birchemuesli. Also love the little knick-knacks they've got goin' on everywhere, just adds to the funness. Pet peeve - ocassionally coffee is not consistent, does get ridiculously crowded - and parking's a real hassle. But if you're in walking distance, then you're all set!
4	I've only been here once, but I'm already a fan. Didn't get a chance to meander through the shop, but honestly, I wasn't there to shop. We parked in the back and basically walked through the kitchen (which is in the shop) and the shop to get to the pizza place. There are far too many entrances. We had to walk through 3 doors, and then walk to the other end of the restaurant, just so the hostess could see us, and walk us back the way we came to seat us at a table. Kind of felt like I was walking in circles. Not so good if you go hungry. But all that can be overlooked because the food is fantastic!We got the avocado pizza and added prosciutto and spicy chilies. Now, let me preface this with the fact that I'm not really a pizza person, unless i make it myself. Generally the crust is just blah and there's too much sauce. I am now a LGO pizza person! the pizza was just big enough for the two of us, the crust was thin, hand-made and perfect. The toppings were fresh, and you could tell. I didn't have a problem with the topping ratio, either. Usually I find that there's too much of one thing, not enough of another, but this was not the case. Avocado, 4 cheeses, prosciutto, tomatoes, spinach and chillies. No red sauce. Right off the bat, that made me happy. The flavours were perfect, the crust was perfect, it was pretty much a perfect pizza. One issue I had with the meal: no refills on sodas. They give you a can, a short glass and 2 (yes, really) ice cubes. Kind of a let down. Stick with iced tea, or remember to ask for a large glass with ice. Dessert. it was my birthday dinner, so of course dessert was a must. Our friends (who got the same pizza as we did, sans chillies) got the million layer red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting. I got what they call the Old Timer, which is essentially a homemade Hostess cupcake.... on crack! I'm a fan of red velvet cake, but i'm super picky about it. This was moist and perfectly done, and the frosting was finger-licking good. My Old Timer was just ridiculous. Cream filled devils food cake with chocolate ganache all around the outside. The cake was perfect; moist but not mushy, the ganache was rich but not so rich you couldn't eat it and the cream was fresh. I can't wait to go back for a date night and try an appetiser, maybe a different pizza and a different dessert. I'd love to go for brunch, try a pastry, mosey around the store...
5	I go to LGO Grocery EVERY time I go to PHX.  It has a very special place in my heart.  The breakfast food is spot-on, every time.  The French Pancakes, which I never get but always get a few bites, are quite possibly the best thing I've ever eaten for breakfast.  With the fresh cream and honey, they're near perfection.  I always get the eggs and bacon, because they prepare them so well, I'm never disappointed and I pair that with a fresh-made english muffin, that will absolutely make you question your assumptions about carbs - because you'll never be able to pass one up, once you try it.  The place isn't inexpensive, but you do get a lot of food for your $$$, so it's worth it.  I have been literally dozens of times over the last year + and it has been great every time.  I love this place.The service is always friendly, it's a GREAT hang-out, especially after a nice quick hike up Camelback.  The bathrooms are clean, and very spacious, the parking is sometimes a pain, but it's worth paying for valet if you have to.Whatever it take, just go.
5	I go to LGO any chance I get for breakfast. I love love it!! The coffee, lemonade and the french pancakes (well any of their pancakes) are soooo good.  Besides, you can browse the shop for unique gifts.  I only bought a plant once. But, they have neat things if you ever need it...
4	I love La Grande. Sure, there are plenty of things to bitch about...the trendiness, the parking, the chaos of it all....but really, I just loooove it. This is our favorite brunch spot. We grab a couple of Commuters (okay, and a coffee cake or salted chocolate chip cookie if they have them), some mimosas or iced coffee, and park ourselves on the patio. The babe runs amok, no one cares much, and we have a nice little morning. LGO = WINNER
4	So far, I've only had their salads, sushi and of course, pizza and I really adore this place!  When I feel like pizza, this is the place to go to. Make sure to stop by the Grateful Spoon next door for a yummy gelato!  The fact that this place is dog friendly makes it an extra bonus!
5	Their pizza and salads are some of the best that I have ever had. I have had their pepperoni pizza, the margarita pizza, tomato and italian sausage pizza. I have tried all of their salads and they awesome! I make a stop into this tasty terrific joint ever few months. Best time to go is a little before 5 to avoid the dinner crowd which can give a wait upwards of 25 minutes. I do not recommend the Sangria as it has no flavor! There is a small gelato parlor that is connected to the restaurant for a sweet treat after dinner if you have space in your belly.
4	Pizza and sandwiches are awesome. Wine is delicious as well. It can have a long wait and ordering can be tricky for your first time. You gotta do yourself a favor and check out the store. It has some of the cutest items and apparel. Think a food version of urban outfitters.. Super cute ad trendy. The wines are from all over! Loved the commuter sandwich for breakfast. Parking can be rough at times.
5	I've eaten majority of their menu and haven't found anything that I haven't liked.  It's a great place for any meal.  My boyfriend is more a breakfast person and I'm more of a lunch person so this place is perfect for us.  I love their avocado pizza - we did it with proscuitto once and it was fantastic.  The spicy tuna roll makes a great appetizer.  The white sangria is probably one of the best I've had in Phoenix.  For dessert, the red velvet cupcake is unbelievable - the frosting is the best part.  The parking kinda stinks but you can always park across the street at arcadia room and walk to LGO.  Can't say how much I love this place!
4	stick with the pizzas and salads and your tummy will be happy!
5	My first trip to AZ was a real treat when I was taken to La Grande Orange Grocery. Charming from the moment you start driving past it! Lets get the not so cool things about this place out of the way first...Cons:-Parking lot is silly small for how popular (and amazing) this place is. Although, this well NEVER deter me from going here. Even if its just to grab a quick coffee.Ok.. now that I really sit and think about it, that is the only Con to this delightful establishment. Walking through the shop you can find the most darling and useful items including: funny/witty random items, coffee mugs, to go cups for iced drinks (a MUST in AZ), t-shirts, books, art, calendars, magazines, etc... You can also purchase cold beverages outside of the restaurant or coffee bar and they also have a huge selection of wine for a small store. I purchased a darling La Grande Orange to-go coffee mug and if an art piece my boyfriend loves is still there when I arrive next friday.. I will be getting that for him.The coffee bar smells amazing and even though I have only had one  iced toddy (AZ friends, i'm catching on ;))  from them, I am in love. The barista was super knowledgable and friendly and guess what ? She managed to not screw up something as simply as an iced beverage. I also purchased a bag of their Organic Ethiopian coffee. It is sitting in the apartment in AZ just waiting for me to come back! They bake all sorts of delicious treats daily and they have a food menu outside of the restaurant. They offer lots of quick fast goodies to take on the go as well as breakfast options for all of us loungey-coffee/brunch/patio-with-our-laptops people. ME. While I was there I dined in the restaurant and our experience was great. We ordered cocktails while we waited for our table and they were fresh and delicious! So nice to have a real drink outside of UT. We were seated quickly and our server was very helpful, friendly but also very laid back which I love. We ordered the  grilled artichoke which was of course amazing, a vegetable pizza and another round of drinks. As we finished up our dinner we walked around the shop one more time to take in all the amazing random stuff they sell all while a great AZ storm was starting to brew outside. This place is amazing. If you live in Phoenix you should be addicted and if you are visiting, you better make a special trip. Or two.
5	Going back to LaGrande today to buy their famous English Muffins to take to family in Texas. Know that this place is very busy, but the food is certainly worth the wait. I especially like purusing their gift and foodie department!!
5	The breakfast is so dang good! I could rave about everything from breakfast to the pastry case but then this review would become ridiculous. Coffee and tea are also delish. I'm telling you its all good!We heard Jay-z playing today (Sunday), way to be hip LGO. :)
5	I have never had an english muffin like theirs! Absolutely amazing.  The food is high quality and you can tell the difference.  The only problem is finding seating.
3	Food is pretty darn good.  You can bring pets.  That's about it.  Don't go on the weekend for breakfast the place is a zoo and SUCH a hassle.  You have to wait for your order to be called out, carry your food through masses of people, and find a seat in the loud dining area or usually messy patio.  I'll give it another try, but I like a RELAXING breakfast. Not a "popular", hip place with a large quantity of annoying people and limited parking.
4	La Grande Orange is great......at certain times! I used to work by there and the curbside pick-up is fantastic. Other than that? I find myself hesitating to go there now because of the atrocious parking situation. This place is an absolute zoo on the weekends and when I can't find a parking spot by the restaurant, I find myself parking in the surrounding neighborhood worrying that my car may be towed when I come out! Needless to say, their homemade English Muffins are amazing. I really could just survive on those happily for the rest of my life. The grape preserves on the side are fantastic as well...and I don't even like grape preserves! That, paired with their coffee, makes for one of the best breakfasts in the Valley. And, if you're splurging? Go for the salted chocolate chip cookie if they have it. It makes me happy just thinking about it. :-)This place is great if you have a weekday morning available to come here..or an hour or two on the weekend. The little shopping area is great to browse around - when you can figure out a way through all the people in line! Don't get me wrong..the food is fantastic. I just like a little more relaxation on my weekend than fighting through the hordes just to get that amazing english muffin. It's worth it, but then I just feel tired.....annoyed. And that's really not how I want to start my weekend off. If you can....call in the order for Curbside Pick Up. That way, you can enjoy LGO without the frustration of finding the mythical parking spot, standing in a long line (albeit trendy) and searching for a table with everybody else so you don't have to eat the wonderfulness standing up.
5	I love everything about La Grand Orange!!!!I would like to review both the grocery and the pizzeria together since it was the entire experience that makes it perfect. I've been here a handful of times now and have been impressed every time! First time visiting: I stumbled across the place so I decided to come in. I love the grocery area and the fun gifts. I bought some birthday cards and took home some Spicy Tuna Maki. The Tuna Maki was fabulous and I knew I was going to come back. 2nd time visiting: Went with my husband for breakfast. He had the burrito and I had the Daybreaker and we both shared an order of potatoes. All was good and tasted very fresh. The best part was my coffee drink, the Havana! Something about condensed sweetened milk makes any drink  tastes good.  My husband that is hard to pleas enjoyed the items in the grocery store too. He bought a few nik naks there during our visit. 3rd time visiting: Tried their pizza for dinner and OMG!!!! I swore on that day that it was the best pizza I've EVER had! We had the Magrherita and it was just divine. The buttery crust was the right level of crispiness and the mozzarella was gooey and perfectly melted. I am not a big salad person, but even the orange fennel salad that I had before the pizza was delicious! We've also taken visiting family members here and they loved it too. I would like to find more places like this in Phoenix. So yummy and what a great atmosphere.
4	The pizzeria is a little pricey but oh so good. Definitely worth it. Server was super nice guy--and a cutie--but I digress. The food was delicious. I had the roasted corn pizza and added sausage. Its like a flavor party in your mouth.Only 4 stars though since parking sucks. Be prepared to stalk people as they walk to their cars. That really was the only unpleasant part of the dining experience there.
4	Late brunch for the long Labor Day weekend took place at La Grande Orange. The parking situation and the inside are chaotic. However, the food more than makes up for the inconveniences. The wife had the thai salad which was incredibly fresh. The dressing impressed us with its authenticity, containing actual fish sauce and a spicy kick. I tried the commuter breakfast sandwich which is served on La Grande's very own fresh baked English muffin. While I cannot attest to the authenticity of the muffin, it was fluffy and incredibly tasty (nothing like the nooks and cranies that we have so grown accustomed to associating with English muffins). Plenty of bacon, fresh slices of tomato, atop large golden scrambled eggs. Prices are and wait are well worth the meal. Impressive and will certainly be back, if not for other items on the menu, maybe just to bask in the English muffins once again.
2	THIS PLACE IS ALL HYPE.I have eaten here a few times. The lines are long and the crowd totally pretentious and obnoxious!! Most come in in there workout gear and have not eveb broke a sweat. The rest are a bunch of snotty tool bags.The food. Mediocre at best. The commuter was tasteless, no wait it tasted greasy!! It was disgusting. The egg white omelet was flavorless crap! The croq. was a joke! I can melt ham and cheese on bread with an egg and it would taste less greasy and have 10 times the flavor, not to mention be a lot cheaper than this garbage.I have had lunch here too and the sandwiches are something I can make at home. I've tried to like this place. It seems cute, it seems like they put out good food due the massive crowds but to be honest it's a joke. I am from California and this is just a hyped up place that people with no taste for food love and flock too. I have had way way better food at places with plates not more expensive than $4.00. These people are making money of folks with no pallet!I e-mailed LGO to let them know my last meal there and service was awful and that I would never return due to the crappy food. I never recieved an answer to this day. It's been 6 months. I am sure they could careless as they are just laughing at all you numb tongued folk returning day after day for their bad food and to be seen while flaunting your new workout gear!Trust me, this place is a joke. I will never return. Never! I rather make my own breakfast or lunch than spend a dime on tasteless food. The pizza sucks too BTW!!!!!!
5	Always Fresh, healthy, upbeat.  Great iced drinks, sandwhiches, etc. Kid friendly, clean, and nice market inside.  Decent vegan menu.
4	First off, thank god for somewhere in the area where a veggie burger is under $12. THANK GOD. Healthy food is made affordable and accessible at this cute, bustling little 'grocery' and for that, I thank you, LGO. Your breakfast burritos, veggie summer rolls, and nutritious salad/sandwich selection are all truly appreciated by us health-conscious folks on the go.Second, WTF are you doing sticking your butterscotch buns and peanut butter pies and fatty chocolate ten thousand layer cakes in my face when I'm trying to get my vegan on?! COME ON. I literally played "If you could eat a whole one of these without getting sick or gaining weight, which would it be?" with my friend while waiting in line. There's that much to drool over.. and I resent all of it (promptly buries face in veggie burger and turns 180 degrees away from the pastry window... only to see The Grateful Spoon looming in the distance).Bottom line: Lots of healthy choices, and lots that will absolutely kick-start anyone's mission to induce type-2 diabetes.UPDATE- EVERYONE BE WARNED: The breakfast burritos are incredibly bland. Both the Venice Beach and the Chorizo Burrito taste like nothing but the salsa they're accompanied by. Nutritious? Yes. Filling? Absolutely. An adventure for the taste buds? Far from.
4	Interesting place, crazy busy in the morning. I had the jersey girl omelett. I had to go online and look at the menu to remember what I ordered. In looking at the menu I just realized I didn't get the toast it's supposed to come with! Well, check your order, other than that, decent breakfast. Tries pretty hard to be trendy.
4	LGO has earned it's stellar reputation. I loved my BLT with guac, and Amy almost passed out when she tasted her open face chicken salad sandwich. This is a fun and lively place to grab lunch - we will be back to try the pizza. Don't bother trying to park - just use the valet.
4	Ah, LGO you are a Hodge podge of confusion. It's a store, it's a restaurant, it's confusing. I understand of having a store of food based items and then having a dining area in it, like the Queen Creek Olive Mill, is a great example of this, but I don't understand how you can have a restaurant, have a beer cooler, and have kids toys for sale next to beer, ha ha. They have some really cool items for sale but there is no continuity of items for sale, IMO. My friend and I ordered the classic Margherita pizza. I am a complete pizza snob, so I'm never really convinced on people's opinions of pizza until I actually consume it. All I have to say is that this pizza is pretty solid. Definitely not the best pizza I have ever had, but in no way was it the worst. I would go back here for pizza and not have any difficulty about it. LGO has a really relaxed vibe to it which I find appealing. If I'm in the neighborhood I will definitely come back, but I won't go out of my way to come here.
5	Affectionately known by neighborhood entrepreneurs as Conference Room A, for its popularity as a place to come with the laptop for a social change of scenery from the dining room table.  Because it's right around the corner, I know I will always bump into someone I know.  I do relate to the comments of some of the other reviewers as I have witnessed some of that pretentiousness.  But when I come I mostly come to work and eat and thus block that out.  And hopefully diversify the audience a bit for the other patrons.Foodwise, everything is great!  I especially love their Arnold Palmers on a hot afternoon.  For breakfast I'd have to pick the Venice Burrito.Music can be a little bit loud but if the weather's nice just sit outside at the picnic tables and enjoy the ambience.
2	After hearing about this place for years, and finally being able to get a parking spot close by, I decided to try it. But low and behold the pizzeria was full so I was directed to a very cluttered and crowded market with the same menu. Besides the uncomfortable claustrophobic atmosphere, it was frustrating finding a spot to wait for my food without being pushed in a corner or up against a display. And sorry, the food was good but those had to be magic avocados for the price I paid for that personal pizza.
4	Wow. Ordered 3 dishes - all great. Blueberry muffins and the press tuna sandwich is to die for. I'm digging this place - perhaps my top 3 breakfast joint worldwide.
5	Yes I do rock the hipster joints.  I dig this place.  A little bit of a scene, but the food is solid and the service is great. Hard not like it.  All in all a great spot.  I tend to switch up my favorites but I typically hit this up for breakfast when in the 602.
5	awesome place for everything. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert-- all superb here. The grocery side is also very unique and accomodating. This is a great place to bring a date or the family.
4	Great place.... comsmopolitan combined with quaint. LOVE the pizza & red velvet! Not together. So good it gets crowded..... only downfall.
5	Have you ever  dreamed about a restaurant you visited,, and wanted to go back no matter that it was 2000+ miles away? This is one of those. I want to go back, NOW. The pastry, the orange juice, the eggs. yum. you need to go and try it. I believe it's worth the money ( not cheep).  The only big down side is the lack of parking and line.
4	I'm traveling on business and stopped in for lunch. Heard about this place from Phoenix New Times - Best of Phoenix. Great neighborhood hang spot everything on the menu looks good. Looking to come back and try some other items. I did come back after 4:00pm to try the so called best chicken wings in Phoenix according to the New Times. Really, those are the best chicken wings. Those were just BBQ'D wings. Need to fry those babys to get that crispy skin. I did like the sauce, very tasty.
4	Ok, so mostly we just go to LGO to have brunch or lunch and it's awesome for that with a couple of important notes. First, be prepared to wait and feel crowded for a WHILE till you can escape to the outside with your foods and drinks. Once outside, finding a good table to enjoy at may be somewhat challenging or....just not possible. I've never tried to eat inside to my recollection. It seems pointless to eat in LGO where its wall to wall products and people when you could go outside and enjoy the weather. The food is always delicious. The menu is inspired but accessible and reasonably priced. On a side note, LGO is a great place to stop and pick up quality treats like breads, cakes, cookies, specialty sodas, beers, wines, cheeses etc. It's like a boutique convenience store for foodies and that is always handy. Too bad about the too cool for school crowd but I generally don't let them bother me.To be clear this review is on LGO Grocery only. Although it is adjoining and affiliated with LGO Pizzeria, I am treating it as its own separate entity.
5	Great atmosphere, great service, great food. An oasis.
4	A must eat in Phoenix, not just for the food, but the experience. It's a grocery store slash dinner or delicatessen (lunch) and a gelato shop in 1! And it's all so good. Their wings are to die for. Not breaded, baked in a delicious sauce and then you can smother it with your favorite dressing. I prefer blue cheese. Their oven baked pizzas are really good too! The best part of LGO is the gelato. All of their favors are delicious and made fresh at the store. The best part is its really affordable compared to the chain gelato shops in Phoenix/Scottsdale. The only reason why this is a 4 star and not a 5 for me is during lunch they become more of a sandwich shop. Their delicious pizzas and wings are only served at dinner.
4	Dopetastic gluten-free, roasted corn pizza!  I went here with a friend of mine who has Celiac's Disease, so she can't eat wheat based foods.  So gluten free is her go to.  We got a couple of different pizza's here, and while the other one is not worth reviewing, the roasted corn pizza topped with laura chenel goat cheese, corn, roasted tomatoes and basil was exquisite and would make even the tone deaf's taste buds sing!  It was really good, and I didn't see that coming at all. The vibe is pretty chill in there, there are a lot of patrons, but you can still have a good conversation, and the staff is pretty friendly and provides good to very good service.  I'm definitely going to go back and get that pizza again and try some of the other things on their pretty vast menu.
4	This is another great place for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The parking is quite difficult.
5	Adorbs!
4	One of the best places for breakfast in the valley.  All the food tastes great as well as the coffee and fresh juices.  I would recommend the place to anyone who has some time to spare for a long breakfast since there could be a little wait to get your food they are usually really busy but friendly service.  They have a shop in the front where you can browse through food, wine, cloths, and gifts.  Its a cool place try it out!
5	the parking sucks no matter when you go.okay, i had to get that out of they way.  onto the good stuff.  the food here is heaven!!!!  i have tried the salads, reuben, tuna sandwich, red velvet cake and they are all great.i love the green chile burger!  it's the best i have ever had!  damn now i'm hungry.  the fries are great.oh and this is the best place for an arnold palmer.the best damn place ever.
4	A foodie friend brought me here for lunch on a Friday. Valet parking was free and though the place was busy, it wasn't ridiculous. I meandered though the odd and eclectic selection of wine, cheese, candies, candles, note-cards and other such things while deciding on what to eat. I wound up with a stacked turkey sandwich (they had me at 9 grain bread, Havarti and avocado) and a mango tea. I found and held the table while my friend waited for the food to come out. Seating was not too hard to find, even though the place was busy. Everything was fresh and tasty. Ambiance was good and the clientele was not obnoxious (nobody sneered at the 2 fat lesbians enjoying a meal or anything  - and in my hometown, the hipsters everyone complains about - they sneer). I took half my sandwich home in a box, but my friend also took some yummy cookies and sweets home too. I'll have to come back just for pastries sometime.
5	I wish they would open other locations in the Valley , but not enough to franchise and lose the quality. Really I am jealous of all the residents that live within biking distance of this beautiful place.  Everything here is nothing but the best, the food , the quality of people, the music , the vibe , all of it reminds me of a cool place I would find in a major hip city.
5	This place is amazing. Gift shop, sandwiches, salads, incredible baked goods, coffee bar, pizza (evenings only), breakfast and gelato. Too many choices to pick from.
5	I'll just add my 2 cents on how fun, happening, and great this place is. The coffee totally awesome. The bakery items impossible to choose. I had a very very good tuna sandwich then noticed the pizza's on other tables and had to try it. Had the margehrita and it was spectacular. Gooey cheese, chewey crust, superior ingredients. The staff here from the pizza guy to the counter people to the clean up crew......very friendly, real, and beyond efficient. The atmosphere here is just real comfortable and fun. A wide variety of seating styles......from indoor table , to community table, bar,outdoors garden, oudoors sidewalk, indoors amongst the grocery shoppers......A very cool place.....can be difficult to park there sometimes but just presevere.
4	Good but a little overhyped. I had the commuter sandwich which would have been just ok other than the bomb homemade English muffin, which was so good I bought a pack to take home. Desserts are delicious, especially the Ooey Gooey cupcake. I'd go back for the cupcake, complimentary valet, and the awesome view of Camelback.
4	Awesome pizza. Love the neighborhood vibe!I'd recommend skipping the gelato though.
4	Went for brunch/lunch on a Sunday - wow, it was packed and with good reason!  The store and food was fabulous!  I had the Jersey Girl Omelette along with the green tea - pastrami, potatoes, fruit, toast...done to perfection and very tasty.  We even found a seat - next to impossible there.  I will definitely be back to try their pizza and other dishes that they had available.  4 stars as opposed to 5 because of the parking and long lines - but it was definitely worth it.  Will be back!
5	Venus Beach breakfast burro was DELISH! Very healthy and low cal after pulling out the potatoes. Orange juice was fresh squeezed fresh as well. And O M Gosh.... Those cUpCaKeS!!!
5	To all the carnivores who have been scarred by vegetarian friends brutally forcing you to "just try a bite" of a rubbery Boca burger or flavorless beans-n'-sh*t burger, know that there is hope for you yet. LGO has perfected the veggie burger. The Shangri-La is filling, big, flavorful, healthy, and cheap. Plus, you can get it wrapped in lettuce instead of a bun. Take that, carbs. It also comes with a piece of fruit, so your sugar cravings will be somewhat satisfied without ordering a 6-inch cookie to-go and crying while eating the entire thing in your car. I love that burger so much I want to take it behind a middle school and get it pregnant.
4	LGO makes the VERY BEST MOCA! I would just think the moca would be average because the food is incredible, but I now go for the moca!  The set up their is always a cluster of confusion. The service is not spectacular, although they are super friendly. I never know where to get things, silverware, cups, napkins, etc... I think if I go a few more times, I'll be giving LGO 5 stars for really amazing pizza as well as yummy deserts. And of course, my fav moca!
5	I am obsessed with this place! I'm here  2-3 a week! My boyfriend and I are going to moving and we are basing our location around LGO. Thats how much we love this place! The food is so stinking good and fresh and local!! I have had almost everything on that menu including the beverages. My new favorite sandwich Is the Hot-pressed tuna. My other favs are the tuna steak sandwich, and hot-pressed cubano! And don't worry u vegetarians they have wonderful and oh-so delicious dishes for you too! And if you are a celiac like a couple of my good friends their gluten free pizza's are ridiculously yummy!! I actually prefer the gluten-free over the regular crust however the regular crust melts in your mouth!I have never had one bad thing to eat here. I highly recommend bring yourself,friends and family members here. And if you just finished an exciting hike on camelback mountain immediately get her for a cocoanut water to rehydrate, then refresh with a beer and sandwich sit outside and take it all in. ENJOY!
5	One of the benefits of being a native Arizonan is knowing all the best kept secrets our state has to offer.That doesn't mean I'll share them with you, because I won't. However, I've been doing a lot of thinking lately, mainly about how I do little or nothing for my fellow man and how the karma from that might bite me in the ass someday.So i'm going to share one secret with you about a Phoenix restaurant this one time. LGO.The food is superb, the service is quick, the ambiance, fantastic. That's not the secret.The secret is MJ's breads. MJ Coe is an award winning baker whose breads are the best in all of Phoenix.All us natives know this, and now you do too. LGO not only uses his breads in their  sandwiches, they offer them by the loaf. And here's the secret that hopefully keeps me out of the karma-cancer hot seat. MJ offers a signature chocolate-cherry french bread that's quite simply the best bread on earth.The color of chocolate, dark brown, it looks like no loaf of french bread you've ever seen, almost like a pumpernickel.Outside, the crust is perfect.Inside, the crumb is moist and chewy, with large chunks of what I can only presume is world class chocolate along with whole fresh cherries. And as if the chocolate french bread wasn't enough, biting into a chunk of chocolate or a cherry in every bite is the experience of a lifetime, one you won't soon forget.But plan ahead.LGO doesn't shelf this bread, it's a special order requiring a one day notice. Here's another tip, mainly for men. Order at least two loaves. One for the drive home, as you incessantly pick at it until its DOA. The other to present to your wife in a blatant attempt to barter something other than jewelry for a blow-job.
5	Nic-nacs galore!
5	this place is amazing!  everything is made to order and they have fantastic breakfast dishes and a great selection of bread, beer, wine and cheeses.  i was very impressed with the quality of their food, espresso and cleanliness of their store.  it is dog friendly and a great place to eat.  i hope to come back to this place whenever i am in town---they offer something for everyone and also have a very good gift shop with shirts, cards and books and other unique stuff.   for those seeking quality food at reasonable prices, this place is very hard to beat.  i only wish they had one of these in Seattle.
2	I came here at 2 pm on Wednesday and there was a line out the door. My first thought was "doesn't anyone work anymore?" or do they all work nights like me?I ordered the stacked turkey sandwich, the line moved pretty quickly and the girl at the counter was friendly. The next problem I encountered was finding a place to eat my sandwich. Here is hint: Remove all the pretentious crap (what they call "grocery") and put some more tables in the place. Focus on the food and the customers.Now to the sandwich. What is the Cardinal Sin in sandwich making? The wrong bread, and yep, they did it. They used thin, flimsy 9 grain bread to hold together a stacked turkey sandwich, and after one bite, it all fell apart. So I was left to eat all the ingredients of the sandwich a la carte like a Thanksgiving meal. That's too bad, because it was obvious everything was great quality, and had they used Italian, French, Ciabatta, etc.,  I would not be giving this a 2 star review.I may possibly return (am in no hurry)  for the treats, or a cappuccino and breakfast. The sandwich experience was too irritating to give another try, especially when a few blocks away The Vig is serving the best damn sandwiches in Phoenix.
5	This is my favorite place to go for breakfast. The line is not that long, and is always worth it!! I walk in feeling like it's a friends restaurant even though I don't know anyone. I leave with a smile. Get the Daybreaker. I've never liked any breakfast item more. The food is so fresh! Great selection of beverages too, since it is a Grocery as well as cafe. You can eat cheap if you want, or you can go moderate.
5	Awesomeness! So smart but It's a bit confusing for a fist timer. Them muffins are great wish they put more sandwiches and breakfasts on them. The place is so rules free I hope people do not take advantage because they give the customer the benefit of the doubt.    Pizza was nice, love to have tried the sweets but as it was January I was already way over my careful calorie count. The rockin tunes added so much though I am sure the format appeals to mostly a younger crowd.    Some Details, Counter Service until 4. Pizza day time only weekends. Sandwiches are picked up at a different counter than, pizza and burgers. There is a white bucket for your dishes.
4	Love chillin on the patio @ LGO after a long week. Mirror Pond Pale Ale, Margarita pizza, tortilla soup and Red Velvet cake!  Boom!You can select whatever beer, wine or soda you want to drink right out of the market coolers. Then just ask for LGO to open your beer or wine and enjoy it right on the patio.The pizza is hand made and only fresh ingredients are used.  It takes a little while to get your pizza so have plenty of drink and conversation going.Tortilla soup was served in a good size bowl and properly topped off with plenty of tortilla strips! Go ahead and pick your favorite cookie, cup cake or piece of cake from the fresh baked items.  You can't miss on dessert.Be prepared to be patient with the valet because this place and next door Postino's are always popping off.This is truly a one of a kind place for PHX.  ~ el Bouj
4	This pizza is amazing!!!!!
4	I went here on a morning with my wife and kids.  We left a large resort and were on our way out of town headed to the Grand Canyon.  Perhaps the service leaves something to be desired because it is a grocery that has a kitchen, but the food is out of this world.  My daughter was disappointed in the pancakes because they were more like crapes, but I loved them and my older kids loved it all.  It did not matter since she ate half of my wife's egg white omelet.  We all shared and I would go back every week if I could.  Certainly all the locals seem to be doing that.
5	Had their red velvet cupcakes (the ones from LGO, not from the cake shop), and they're amazing!!! I had to bring some home back to CA with me. Really wanted to eat here too but the place was pretty packed Sunday morning. Will have to come back and try their food next time.
5	So fancy and so good. Pizza, wines, notebooks, cupcakes, coffee.  Everything your yuppies heart needs.Along with some free wi-fi, you can see why all the folks and their yoga mats were hanging out here.
5	Please come to downtown Phoenix!!!! This place is consistently fantastic.
4	It's like a non-country, trendier version of Cracker-Barrel. Cute, cozy, filled with nicknack's and plenty of charm. On the downside, it can get a bit crowded, and there is not much parking, but overall- it's a nice local spot  with plenty of delicious goodies to try. Tip- lots of good wine to choose from!
3	I love the tammie Coe cupcakes and their bakery but the espresso drinks are horrible! I have only been there in the evening so maybe it's just the people that work nights but I don't even get one anymore because it is so gross. I love the brand of espresso they use so not sure what the problem is. Otherwise it's great there. Love the store.
4	Love this place. They have a bunch of great little kitchy gifts, sweet-arabilia (candies from "yester years"), some great wines, and a great deli counter.A few of my faves to leave w/, or find a table to enjoy at outside if I can, their hot pressed cubano and a coconut cupcake. De-e-a-licious.Its always crowded here, but if you wait out the line, youll see why.
4	Okay, now that I've been here three times, I feel comfortable with a 4 star review.Went for breakfast once and lunch twice. Everything I've had was deelish and the prices are very reasonable.The Croque Madame was a great satisfying breakfast sandwich (open face) that was a bit tricky to cut/eat but the Gruyere, Ham and tomato on whole-grain is top-notch. A sunny-side-up egg tops it off and you won't be hungry for a few hours......too bad because you'll want to save room for any one of the amazing cookies, bars, cakes and scones in their enticing bakery case. I highly recommend the red velvet bar and the old-fashioned chocolate cupcake (with white curly q's ala hostess).The chicken salad sandwich is moist and tasty and served open-faced, while the hot pressed Cuban sandwich is wonderful on a cool day. Served with fresh pineapple on the side, each item is in the $7 range (very good for the serving size, IMO).About the only downers were lack of parking and having to wait for a seat (when it's busy, which is pretty much ALL the time).
2	What a great concept!  Came for brunch, lines out the door as we anticipated.  No big deal, as it moved quickly.  I ordered eggs and bacon and hubby the pancakes. Unfortunately by the time it got to the table everything was stone cold.  Coffee was really strong (end of the batch??) then when we went for a second cup they were out and had to wait ten minutes for a fresh brew.  Not the best experience, shame I really wanted to like the place.
5	Truly as good as it gets.  Cute mash up of market, bakery, and pizzeria.  Best bakery in town.  As an out-of-towner, every year I make sure to stop in for a "Commuter" on croissant with a  vanilla latte.  The market includes local artist and unique gift shop items. atmosphere, checkwifi, check,friendly staff, checktimeliness, checkdelicious, checkYOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. (Unless they run out of croissants before you get one ;)
5	Best Reuben Sandwich I have ever had. It is a bit pricey but tasted great.
5	Great energy and tasty food.  If you can find parking and a seat, it's a great place to come and grub on a lazy Sunday.  Had the Thai Chicken Salad, and the spicy ahi, while the wife had the veggie burger.  Great place.  I've eaten here twice in the last week.  I see  what the obsession is all about.  You just feel cool when you eat here.
5	Oh My Heaven... I can't believe I haven't yelped La Grande Orange .  I am so in love with LGO , I wish I could be an apprentice back in the kitchen and learn how to make EVERYTHING . I have had almost everything on the menu and love it . When I am running to the office ahead of schedule, I treat myself to breakfast , Crepes are beautiful , the Birchermuesli , the day breaker , you really can't go wrong with anything you choose. The Banana nut muffin is one of the best I have ever had . The Salads are amazing , I've been eating the Thai chicken salad twice a week , trying to figure out how to make it .  I really want to try the Bloody Marys one of these weekends. I had one at their sister restaurant "The misfit " in Santa Monica. I hope it's just as good . LGO should be on your Bucket List . Now Go !
4	This is a very interested restaurant/grocery.You can order food TO-GO, order a latte at the coffee bar or go right next door and eat a nice dinner. It's also a grocery store where you can pick up dinner or pre-packaged lunch options. They only serve sandwiches until 5pm.I saw an array of desserts too, but wasn't able to try them. The bread here is fantastic!!
5	Food is great.  Prices are high and not a lot of parking.  Overall great coffee shop and Pizza place
5	My yuppie ass LOVES this place. For so many reasons. I love feeling part of the trendy, hip clientele that frequent this place. I also love that there are oodles of hot businessmen working away on their laptops during the week, as well as hot athletes dropping by in the middle of a workout. It can get insanely crowded, and parking sucks unless you're there at 9-10am before you're forced to valet. But, it adds to the feel sometimes.Now for the food. If you must cheat on your diet, there is nothing better to use the meal on than a baked good from Tammie Coe. Anything in the muffin case is absolutely to LIVE for. My favorites are the blackberry bran muffin, banana muffin, and the salted chocolate chip cookie. Lord God I eat an entire one in a single sitting (they are huge). I don't eat typical breakfast fare, so I go straight to the Sonoma Garden Salad with dates and marcona almonds. OMG heaven. And that wild rice salad they have in the deli case is amazeballs if you're a whole grain snob. Sadly, LGO has little made with whole wheat, it's all white flour death. Any coffee drink is bomb sauce. The only thing LGO could do to improve would be to add more vegetarian/vegan items. But those cookies.... godDAYUM.
1	I don't know why I continue to go here and expect things to change. I've had the pizza here once and it was great. Breakfast however is entirely different.  They can't cook eggs !!!  Always runny and under cooked. The place is usually freezing cold and I think the music is played so loudly that it will take your mind off your cold food. Really disappointed as I live only a block away.  They might want to send some of there cooks to the Breakfast Club for a refresher course.
4	This place definitely doesn't need my help, but I have to support my neighborhood go-to, LGO. It's a bike ride away and very dependable. I love the crepes and my boyfriend loves the Commuter, and we choose this as our breakfast destination because no matter what day of the week--the food is consistently fantastic. I have also returned in the evenings and tried the pizza which is another success. I'd say the only thing I didn't love was their sangria. It was a little sweet for my liking, so I like to opt for the generous bloody mary instead.ALSO--cutest shopping selection in the "grocery" part of the restaurant. This is the place I go when I need to pick up a gift, but don't know what to get. Simple and unique.The curb side service is a nice, convenient touch as well.
4	i love lgo and have to stop myself from going there more than i already do. while their pizza is delicious and the commuter sandwich is bomb.com, i really go in for the sweet treats like crack cake, brownies and salted chocolate chip cookies. on top of the food, the atmosphere is great and they have an assortment of treasures in the shop. only 4 stars since they keep the music too loud for me to want to stay too long and parking stinks if i want to go outside oft he hours of 9 - 11.
4	I love that its tucked away in Arcadia. I love that they have every possible little knick-knack your heart could desire. The grocery/novelty section is dangerous for my wallet.I absolutely LOVE the big mural of the lemon kissing the orange.I have been here to eat several times, and we always get the gladiator pizza, which is a little greasy but delicious!And one last thing....the LGO english muffins. GET THEM.
1	Have been going to LGO since 2003 and have always enjoyed the cuisine. Several times - either when ordering in the grocery or dining at the Pizzeria - the music has been so headsplitting as to wipe out any ambience or semblance of a welcoming neighborhood restaurant. Last night the demographic in the Pizzeria during the course of our meal ranged from 30-80 years of age. Several pleas to turn the music down just enough to be able to hear the waiter standing next to me were greeted with "it's just how we do things" and "there's no point in asking because they won't turn it down even a little". The waiter, David, said many servers consistently relay complaints but that the owner "really doesn't care". Hubris is so unappetizing. I think the food is great but, because I have no desire to support a business that really doesn't give a crap about its clientele, I'll spend my money lavishly elsewhere.
4	This is my favorite place to enjoy tea and catch up on life with friends.This place is super busy but so worth it! Parking is literally a nightmare but with a little luck, you just might find a good spot! ;)
4	LGO is a great little brunch/lunch spot and they are pet friendly on their patio, which I and my Sparkle love! :-) I would like to start with the food, after all, that is what Yelp is actually for, right? LGO has great salads and sandwiches and I like their friday night free wine tastings. My favorite salad is the kale salad (however I have noticed the amount of actual kale over the last several months has gotten smaller) but very fresh, delicious and nutritious. Their Ruben is really good too! :-) Also, if your in for a sweet treat, their sugar cookies are fabulosity, really, just take my word for it!On to the actual ambiance and um, I guess you can call it customer service. Very hipster/ California vibe (which is to be expected since the original started in CA). As for the people that work there... I must say if you are going somewhere to get stellar service or to get a warm hearted hello or welcome, or really even be treated like a human, 95% chance that will NOT happen at LGO. I go there a lot and have a lot of friends that do and we all agree on one thing thing, great food but nasty, mean, bitchy employees that treat you as though you are an inconvenience for even being there. I have actually turned around and left before, and have avoided going there because I didn't feel like being treated as a 12th class citizen. If they could fix that issue, it would make the whole experience much more enjoyable. But hey,  you can always call ahead and get it to go.All in all though, good place :-)
4	Get there early or in off hours, because this place - from what I observed- can get insanely busy. I just happened to come on a Sunday morning when there was a sort of "lull" but that quickly changed. We ordered our breakfast at the counter and found what may have been the last 2 seat table left. I ordered the eggs rancheros. The eggs came with shaved Parmesan cheese and ranchero sauce, fruit and an english muffin. It was the best english muffin that I have ever had in my life. Homemade, delicious, and soft...it was to die for! I have to go back and buy a package of them to bring home. The food was ready in about 6 minutes. We got our coffee from a different counter. It can be confusing in there and very hard to hear when they call your name (we missed hearing our names called for our coffee so they sat on the counter for a long time) and the small isles make it tricky to navigate around people...but people do it...daily...because it is just that good.
5	perfect way to start my day ....ANY DAY !  as FRESH as it can get for breakfast,  staff is awesome, !  quick efficient expedited service by Blair , who is always on target !  Freshness is key here.. although packed for breakfast , no matter what day of the week it is, the staff gets it right and with a smile !  FRESH coffee FRESH Juice  FRESH Pastries.... need anything else ?  nope , just another visit to Le Grande Orange !
4	This is a great place for breakfast, although it gets pretty crowded and parking can be a nightmare. Solid kitchen, good dish selection, all in all a great place.Why 4 stars? A little too pricey for what you get.
5	I've always have gone to LGO after Postino and to get a dessert. I finally can now say I've had food that wasn't sweet.The commuter sandwich was great. The muffin is awesome and the meet, egg and avocado really makes this a great sandwich for breakfast or brunch.The one down side is the parking and trying to secure a table because of the popularity and good food being served here!
4	I really like LGO. I go here very often as I have my monthly RD meetings here. I have only been for breakfast/lunch and would like to go to the pizzeria at night. I love the ambiance of this place. It's so cute and trendy and warm. Everything I have ate there so far has been amazing. The roasted chicken is soooooooo good. Things you have to get there- the english muffins and the sea salt chocolate chip cookie. I don't even like english muffins and LGO's are unbelievable. Don't even get me started on the cookie. I have to get it everytime I go. It is the BEST chocolate chip cookie in the world- and I've had many a chocolate chip cookie in my day. Make sure you specifically ask for the LGO sea salt cookie. One time one of my friends got the "healthy" Tammy cookie on accident and from what she said it was not good.
3	Who doesn't love the commuter? I didn't give it a 5 because the staff is usually rude (understandable since they are always so busy) and when ordering, you are always in the way! Until you find a seat, the experience is stressful. But, after the first bite into a commuter, you forget all about the overwhelming experience of ordering.
4	I didn't really get a chance to try out much here.  I walked in during the evening hoping to grab a sandwich and apparently they don't serve sandwiches after 5pm...which I think is strange.Well, I had a cucumber, avocado salad with tomatoes, calamata olives, and feta cheese with a light lemon dressing.  It was SUPER TASTY!Hope to try more next time I visit AZ
4	This is one of the best quaint  "morning energy" spots Arizona has to offer. 5 Stars for bringing this market style vibe to one of the nicer communities in Arizona--Arcadia. I love the Rueben, but not all the food is equal to the price. But here's the point: It doesn't matter. It's a great community hotspot (not a far stretch to say up and coming landmark)  that sets itself above most all other choices. Set up your Wi Fi, enjoy the music, the aromatic sense of entrepreneurship, thriving families and a laid back regal approach to your morning brew.
5	Absolutely amazing!!! I am from Newport Beach, CA Visiting family. My family took me to the la grand orange for lunch today. I  love the la grand orange concept and the customer service. I was so impressed by the menu, shop and selection of fine wines! The girl who checked us out, mariah, was friendly and very knowledgeable when answering my questions. The food was impeccable, I had a margarita pizza and a chopped turkey salad.  I would love too see this restaurant concept in Newport! I am thoroughly impressed and thank you for making my trip well worth the flight out!
5	Get the Commuter Sandwich!!! SOO GOOD!  I love this place- it's always busy, but they move quickly and the staff are always friendly.  I got really excited when I saw that they are opening an LGO at the PHX airport!
4	I have not eaten at LGO very often but when I have I am always pleased with the food there. They seem a bit short-staffed whenever I do go and if you are trying to have a business meeting be prepared for very loud music. If you are there to just take advantage of the free WiFi and good food then you won't be disappointed.
5	Everything about the restaurant and market are delightful.  It has a euro feel with the narrow market quarters and glassed selections of baked goods and other tasty morsels.  I've stopped in several times before but never had a chance to enjoy a dinner service.  A friend and I decided to dine and were quite happy with everything.We got a kale and quinoa salad that was enjoyed to every last bit.  We then followed up with a pizza which was so amazing it left me wondering what I actually got because I was so happy with it!  We enjoyed wine with each plate and the selection is broad for regions and open for varietals.  Basically something for everyone.  Service was spot on even though she was a new server she was prompt with responses, cordial and observant.  I'll be back most definitely!
4	Come here on a Sunday when you're hungover. Pick a table in the center of the dining room, and stare out the window wondering why, between Mastro's last night and El Santo all day Saturday you spent, oh wait, and the Candy Store was in there someplace, over 700 bucks this weekend.This place is pretty eclectic with its high energy young crowd adorned in yoga pants, and, its older hipsters, also wearing yoga pants.It would appear this place is some kind of Mecca for yoga pants aficionados. The music is cool too. A friend recently spent the day here working, Shazam'ing the entire time, saying; "You can find the same music on Pandora's 'Lumineers' station."Anyway, I ate a chopped turkey salad, or at least a part of it while pensively gazing out the windows, as If trying to come up with a cure for cancer or something. The salad and a soda was ten bucks.This is a great move, staring out of windows.Others will think you're an eccentric genius or something as you stare directly through them, mindlessly revisiting your bonehead moves from the weekend, chuckling to yourself every now and again as you think about  that stripper showing off her false teeth for a dollar. Who does that? As I said, this is a great place to feel good about yourself when you get a load of the granny hipsters in their unfulfilled (pancake butt) yoga pants that oddly enough, manage to telegraph the outline of an equally loose fitting thong. Eeew, and double eeew. (Eeew) I yakked up the salad afterwards, but it had nothing to do with the food or the ill-fated thongs.I think it was the egg and my hellacious hangover.The thong visual was pretty messed up though.
2	ughh......Ive been an LGO promoter for 10 years....no longer.  they had an excellent product when they featured tammie coe bakery goods.  the new internally baked products are just not to the same standard.......continuing the downward slide.
2	LGO has just gone down a million notches for me. I am so sorely disappointed to find out they no longer carry Tammie Coe baked goods, which were the main reason I chose to visit in the mornings for a muffin or after dinner for a delicious sweet ending. When I asked the front cashier about it, she said they wanted to take on the baking responsibilities themselves, which I understood, so I gave them a chance. The Princess Cupcake was *so* god awful flavorless with a horrible texture that I ended up giving it away. Seriously, who makes an awful cupcake?! I also tried a new muffin- slice of heaven-which was good, and an oatmeal raisin vegan cookie, and the butterscotch oatmeal cookie. The butterscotch one was good, but all else fell short of expectations. I am sad to say, I think I need to find a new favorite place. Very disappointing.
4	One of the best tuna sandwiches I've ever had.  The bread was superb, and nicely toasted.  There was a heaping pile of tuna salad in the sandwich, with a perfect combo of tomato, baby greens, apple, and cucumber.  The tuna salad itself was divine.  The sandwich came with a gigantic slice of melon and I was pleasantly surprised to see that the sliced pickles it came with were the sweet bread-and-butter type.  While the sandwich was divine, parking was another matter.  I know you can get complimentary valet parking, but I'm never a big fan of using the valet since I'd rather just park on my own. I ended up using the curbside pickup and received friendly and speedy service.  This is definitely a new favorite of mine if I'm in the Arcadia area!Tuna salad sandwich: $7.25EDIT: After hearing from one of the managers, apparently there's some more self-parking spots at their accounting office one block up.  Good to know!
4	With a fairly large selection of dynamite sandwiches and sugary baked goods, LGO has become a pretty regular staple for me at lunchtime. It has an open and relaxing atmosphere with lots of windows and natural lighting, a solid beer and even solider wine selection, and a grocery store with cute little knick knacks that's fun to peruse. This place is great.
4	Urban cafe - fresh, delicious breakfast. English muffins are rave-worthy. Had the Commuter Sandwich with smoked salmon and avocado - eggs were perfectly fluffy, and the sandwich was meal unto itself. Salads are fresh, on the lighter side. Staff is very fun and friendly. The cafe also has a well-curated gift store with plenty of unique, fetching items - definitely worth a stop-in. As prior reviewers warn, lot parking is extremely limited at this popular spot. Free wifi and bar seating has a few outlets. Great music ranging from triphop to 40s, never a dull moment.
3	This place is great but not if you have kids.  It mentioned on yelp that it is kids friendly, but they don't even have a table changer in their bathrooms.  I was there with my 2 year nephew and had to take him to the car to change his dirty diaper.  If you call a place kids friendly, you might think about accomodating and have a table changer in your bathrooms both in Potino and LGO.
5	I can't really say anything that has not already been said. This place is fun, funky, and delicious. My go to sandwich is the Croque Madame. The egg on top is always cooked perfectly and its a big sandwich for your $$ ! I have yet to order here and NOT get a desert ( I can't help myself!!).... you really can't go wrong. I love all the cookies but the last few times I have been sucked in by the cupcakes..... banana bread cupcake with toasted coconut frosting... DONE! So moist and the frosting was killer ( but there is a lot of it) I love all the quirky gifts you can buy in here, and a lot of it is by local artists! I always get all my stocking stuffers here! My most recent purchase was a LGO hot/cold cup .... so much cooler than the Starbucks ones :) Love everything about this place! I really do... its my favorite place to stop after a hike up Camelback! ... really its just my favorite place to stop period. :)
2	Drove all the way here for what was supposed to be killer food and dessert.What we got was the following.ATTITUDE!Sorry but when you go out to dinner you shouldn't have to deal with attitude having wait staff and managers.The pizza was very very average, maybe they had an off night?The desserts were all fantastic. Although we couldn't order them with our meal the way we were told we could in the bakery area. So we had to finish up, pay and then go back to the bakery area to buy desserts.The good: Salt on the tables is a very good salt and as a chef myself I appreciate that.The desserts are top shelf. Artichoke heart dish was interestingly yummy.The bad: Service was horrible. Manager was rude. Pizza was decent at best. Will probably stop in for desserts if ever in the area but would'nt step foot in the restaurant side again unless it was free.
5	Great pizza and the best red velvet cake I've ever had!
5	Very good food! Fresh vegetables, fresh breads! Amazing! I was visiting AZ and a friend recommended I check it out and I was soooo pleased with the environment, cleanliness, and quality of everything. I had a goat cheese pizza with cherry tomatoes and basil that was soo delicious.  I also, recommend the smoked bacon apple tuna sandwich and seriously took tuna to another level! Their desserts!! Where do I begin!! .. from the chocolate chunk sea salt cookie to the red velvet cake! I couldn't leave without taking more home for everyone. I cant wait to go back to AZ for another visit!
5	oh wow, this place is amazing! It's like a modern Cracker Barrell (no offense, I like Cracker Barrell) however, this place had a younger, more hip twist to it. Pet friendly patio, picnic benches in the back, and complimentary valet. I could get used to this!
5	My addiction started with neighboring Misfit in Santa Monica. I had no idea LGO was a small group of restaurants originally started in Phoenix. After many, many excellent Misfit meals I decided to eat my way through each of their unique dining experiences back to the original which I believe is LGO Grocery. Here, my favorite Kale salad with the awesome grapes sits in a plastic container to go for only $7.50. It doesn't look happy, so I snag one along with an ahi sandwich to share. Eating here could be an adventure, but we missed the lunch rush. Choices are the floor of the grocery, (bad idea), the restaurant which isn't open yet or the 96 degree beautiful day. Hmmm.....the empty restaurant seems logical. Here, I find china, silverware, drinks, glasses, ice, etc and I'm able to correct the presentation of the wonderful kale salad which makes it taste much better! The ahi sandwich is a first---I've never seen in in the Pasadena LGO (a completely different concept), or the Luggage Room (also in Pasadena).LGO Grocery also sells Italian recipe authentic homemade gelato. Incredible! Oh, and did I mention there's a coffee bar with great coffees and a knowledgeable barista! Wow, the only thing I missed was the cookies, but the raspberry and espresso gelatos were wonderful as was the entire experience.As for the store, cute stuff, nice food items and an excellent wine selection. There was a lot of rare Northwest Pinot Noirs, Red Blend and other favorites. Apparently, free corkage during happy hour, too!Now, I understand the genesis of Misfit and next stop is Chelsea's Kitchen.Food 5 starAmbiance 5 starStaff 5+ star
5	I've heard the hype about LGO and this was my first visit (and then again a second time at the SWA terminal at the new airport location). I was not disappointed with the huge portions, unique ingredients and fair prices. Tuna salad sandwich is spectacular. Also loved the Thai salad. The sonoma garden salad was a little less memorable as I think it's all packaged before you order it at the airport. It still had nice ingredients and they added shredded chicken for me (at no charge)! The other items I ordered at the restaurant location listed.I imagine all the food is to die for at LGO.Be aware that in the evenings the sandwiches aren't available and pizza/entrees take about 25 minutes. Salads are still available
4	There's a big part of me that want to talk a lot of smack about the trendy hipster vibe of this place... but bottom-line they have great food, and a wonderful wine, bubbly, and beer selection. Are the owners from California because it totally seems like it.... Fresh kale salad, the best red velet cake ever (this is not a compliment I dole out lightly,) and I love their vegan pizza. Fresh pesto heaped with veggies. So. good. There's actually some left over in my fridge right now. It's a shit-show on Saturday mornings- packed with terrible parking. I'd say the prices are slightly high and the girls that work the front counter can act 'too cool' but its great place to watch awkward first dates, men in sleeveless shirts, and girls in lululemon riding fixies. The to-go ordering is really efficient and delicious. Check this place out for sure.
4	**La Grande Orange Grocery is attached to La Grande Orange Pizzeria**LGO Grocery isn't your average grocery where you can stop in and get some milk and paper towels on your way home. It's more of a funky gift shop meets a specialty food store.After me and my friend were done eating our pizza from LGO Pizzeria, we perused through the grocery. There were knick knacks (scented candles; bath products; children's toys; stationary; etc). There were refrigerated displays with specialty salads, sandwiches, cheeses, and meats.  There were the gelato counter and pastries counter and behind that was the actual kitchen where they were busy preparing food orders, other than the pizzas. LGO Grocery offers breakfast items (pancakes, granola, eggs) along with salads and sandwiches.  My friend bought a pack of their english muffins. If I wasn't too full from the pizza I would've ordered an english muffin to try on the spot. They looked like fluffy white discs :) The space to move about at LGO Grocery is very limited due to the counters, displays, and people in line to pay for their food orders or purchases; but other than that, the whole concept is awesome: a funky gift shop/specialty food store with an attached pizzeria offering good eats and unique gifts without any of the pretentiousness you might encounter at similar places.
5	This is always a highlight of my business trips to Phoenix.  There is a location in PHX in the Southwest terminal but it just does not compare.  Every time I come here the parking lot is full and the staff is slammed.  The couple in front of me literally ordered $300+ worth of food/wine to be delivered when this isn't a 5-star restaurant.  I always manage to find so many things to buy in their small ecclectic shopping area....cute stationary, luggage tags, scarves, Voluspa candles...the list could go on.  Everything is freshly made and there are many vegetarian options.  Plus the desserts are abound...I couldn't choose just one yesterday so I bought two!  Campfire brownie (think S'more on top of a darkish chocolate brownie) & old fashioned chocolate pudding with whipped cream and chocolate chips.  You'd think my pudding was my entree as I gorged myself to the point of rolling out of the place.
5	This is Arizona's best kept secret.  When I bring friends and family visiting from out of town to LGO, they all tend to marvel.  And that makes me feel like a proud resident of AZ even though I'm a fairly new transplant and still feel like an "alien" out here.  I love the crepe, french pancake.  However, it's annoying that they always look at me crazy when I order it and say it like the French, especially cause I speak French.  I love the music, food, vibe and ambiance.  It's a happy place.
5	Ordered a smoked salmon commuter sandwich with harvarti cheese and avocado. The sandwich was superb. The freshly made English mifflin was definitely a nice touch. The only thing to complain about was that it was hard to keep things from falling out of the sandwich. Perhaps more toothpicks?
4	Definitely the best pizza I've had in the valley. It tasted even better than Pizzeria Bianco. Giving it 4 stars only because the pizza was greasy to the point that it was soggy within minutes.
5	I went for both breakfast & dinner two days in a row. I got the commuter sandwich which was fabulous - didn't think such simple ingredients could blow my mind. I came back for dinner and got the kale & quiona salad - again - very simple, but amazing.I need to come back and get the pizza!
4	Great food. Always busy.
4	Love their Turkey Chopped Salad, Pizza, Wings, and Iced Tea... Very good food but the no servers or full service restaurant before 4pm kind of bugs me
5	A wonderful place to have GREAT food and a fun atmosphere!
5	It's nice to swing by grab a $2 beer and sit on the patio, and chat with friends while all the pretty Arcadian locals come in to grab their superior breads and cakes.  I would expect a beer at a place like this to cost $5.  Nope.  It is only $2, while my own pretty little wife with her affluent proclivities finds, thinks, postulates and debates which bread will best suit our upcoming party.  I can sit back and have a reasonable drink for only $2 at a truly pleasant setting.
4	A bit pricey, yet one of the best breakfast sandwiches you will find.  Parking is slim.
4	You walk into this joint and its old school like paisa style tiendita, piled hight with nicknacks to the ceiling. Horder style hard core. Love it! There is something for everyone. Of course the Buddha want's the biggest chocolate milk he can find the the coolers and a bag of chocolate coins... Seasonal. Oh and just in case you are wondering this spotty is Frenchie... its La Grande Orange not La Naranja Grande okay! Breakfast here is pretty damn delish! I love eggs cooked properly and served with a hearty side of meat. LGO brought it! The english muffin that came with was so soft and delicious! Probably the best english muffin I've ever had. Note to self: grab a bag to bring home next time I'm here...French pancakes, wow, just yum. Soft and sweet and covered in fresh strawberries. I was an instant fan. There are a ton of treats and sweets on the menu I am killin to try. There's one sandwich i want to grub on too. Everyone raves. They whip up a mean latte too...  Said this in my other review also, but.... If you do not like crowds or tight spots this is not the place for you. You order your food on the grocery side and there are always a ton of people in this itty bitty space. The menus are near the register when they should be near the doors. But there is usually a kind staff member to ask if you need one. Definitely a fan of LGO Grocery.
4	4* only because i'll probably search for the next 10 years to find something better. sandwiches are great but i particularly love the genuine english muffins. none of that thomas's anymore. very comfortable layout too. sometimes tight but always cool
4	I went here with my family, it was pretty good, definitely not what i was expecting as in order and get your food and grab a seat type deal. Thought there was more table service, BUT it is good how it is.I really did like all the options and customizability (think i just made that up), for the pizzas.This place easily could have been a 5 star for me, but the pizza didn't hit out of the park. It was a nice triple, but no home run. Still it is one of the better pizza places in town i have visited, but not enough to overthrow the crown. Fun place to come in the afternoon for a lunch with some friends. Very casual feel. I like how they have a guy directing traffic in the parking lot. if not it'd be a mad house.
5	I love La Grande Orange. Fun atmosphere, nice people, free WiFi, and plenty of space to eat, drink, and work/read/lounge. They have yummy cookies, pancakes, sandwiches, and iced coffee. Lots of cool stuff in the grocery and "old school candy" section, too.Everyone who works here is super nice and sweet. Oh--and it's dog friendly and has bike parking, too. :-D
4	very good place to eat - all items are well prepared
4	I read about this place on a blog coincidentally right before I went to Phoenix to visit friends, so I suggested it to them and we hit it up for lunch one day!The store itself is super cute. Lots of awesome stuff to gape at while you're waiting for your food. The food- delicious! I had the Shredded Kale Salad & Quinoa. I was looking for a light, healthy lunch and this fit the bill. I also had some super delicious iced green tea. We ate outside at a picnic table. Parking was tough, though. We parked in the neighborhood a block and a half away. There's not much else around except this little plaza- it's smack in the middle of a residential neighborhood.If you're visiting the Phoenix area, it's worth a visit to La Grande Orange!
5	My visiting daughter from Montana took us here following a hike up Echo Canyon at Camelback Mtn. We were completely impressed. Had the cubano panini and it was delicious!  Very hipster location with a nostalgic candy section, interesting books ala Urban Outfitters, and wonderful freshly squeezed lemonade. We'll definitely be back! Great value and incredible food.
4	I LOVE stopping by LGO in the morning for coffee on the way to work. This is a charming little place where you can pick up coffee, or a good fresh breakfast. They also have great sandwiches and salads. And did I mention gelatto?My favorite though HAS to be the French Sea Salt Chocolate Chip cookies. Sweet and savoury and just a little buttery all at the same time. There's only one other thing that can make my eyes roll back in my head they're THAT good! I now pop in here and pick up a dozen for any party because everyone LOVES them. You can also pick up a nice bottle of wine, some artisan cheese or bread and some interesting knick knacks not at all related to food. Think of it as part high end market/deli/cafe/wine shop/bakery/coffee shop/etc.The only thing that sucks is the parking but the valet guys can usually work something out for you.
5	This is a huge staple of mine every time I am in town. I quickly order a vanilla latte, and blueberry muffin if I'm just finishing a hike, or if I am in for breakfast, poached eggs! it is simple the best I have ever had! They also have the most amazing sea salt chocolate chip cookie that simply CANNOT be over looked. I have had dinner here as well and the pizza is superb, love the sourdough crust, and enjoyed the avocado and prosciutto pizza. Great beers on tap, and quick, happy servers. This place is a gem.
5	I LOVE LA GRANDE!!! It's a love that will last forever and Ever!!     -I know, kind of crazy, but true :) This place hold many great memories, from high school times, till now. This is the perfect hot spot to meet up and then wait for the pizzeria to open!  For their ever soo deliciously great sangria!!     -However, My love is mostly for their style, service, products, Tammie Coe baked goodies, coffee, chai, sushi rolls, wine, salads!! EVERYTHING this place has to offer!! The view, oh the view, while a bit obstructed, but still visible Camelback Mountain beauty and the overall ambiance of this place. So magically jolly yet calm and enjoyful!!  A MUST visit when close to this area!! I sometimes stop in after a hike, and don't get any weird looks or anything if wearing my workout clothes! Yes, they offer take-out too, but the best part is being there to enjoy it all fully in its full state!
4	There are some items that LGO does really well and these are anything from their breakfast menu. Let me start with their commuter sandwich which s to die for...How can you possibly mess up a freshly made English muffin, tomatoes, eggs, and smoked salmon...??? Yum, it was scrumptious just to say the least and well worth the trek from Scottsdale and Pinnacle peak where none of those wonders exist.As a tip and to avoid the lines, order from the coffee bar that is located outside...Why ? Well first and foremost, you will avoid the lines from inside the store.What else is good or even delicious ? I love their coffee or espresso. I notice they no longer carry Mr. Espresso from California and have rather gone much more local with ROC (roastery of Cave Creek). The staff is super nice and very welcoming. The parking situation is a little challenging at times but  I kept my cool and found a spot right across the street without too much fumbling.
4	For the past four years, I have been visiting LGO on a regular basis.  I've met groups of friends there, went there for the occasional date, enjoyed catching up with a long-lost friend, or even had plenty of study sessions there.  LGO is simply a place you can go to with anyone for any reason.  While the parking initially seemed to be a hassle for me as there are very limited spaces in the parking lot on the east side (front) of LGO, I later learned that there is available complimentary valet parking on the west side (back).  Readers of this review should realize that should there not be parking on the front, rest assured that valet is the way to go!  The grocery has some of the most fun and random items that are great for any special occasion.  The food itself is very good whether it be the breakfast specials, sandwiches, desserts, pizzeria, or coffee.  By getting on their e-mail list, you're also sent a gift certificate to use for your birthday each year.
4	Oh La Grande.. je t'aime.This is almost a weekly Saturday morning ritual for "The Better Half" and I. Wondering why she's my better half? Because she introduced me to breakfast at LGO of course. The perfect place to sit and enjoy your morning, if you are lucky to find a seat. Since were talking rituals we practically order the same thing every single time. Not that everything else doesn't look amazing but because what we order is so damn good to deviate from.* The Commuter Sandwich - Seriously the most heavenly breakfast sandwich known to man. Eggs, Tomatoes, Cheese loaded on LGO fresh made english muffins. Side note: If they served english muffins in heaven, they would be catered by LGO.* Chilaquiles - I know what you're thinking..."Chilli-who?" This is a traditional Mexican breakfast dish with a lil LGO flair. Don't make the mistake of passing up this dish. Do your palate a huge favor.* Havana Cafe - This latte makes my tummy cry tears of joy!My only complaint is the parking. Which seems to be common among the area. On Saturdays you might find yourself circling the area to find a spot. Don't let it stop you!
4	After the initial shit show as you walk in to order, the food is fantastic.  Very good stuff. I had the fried eggs and they were very very good. The food was extremely fresh and the employees were very helpful.  Some how need to work the line/order/pick up process and it will be a 5.  Tough to find a seat, but that is expected the place is always crowded.
4	***GREAT PLACE FOR FRESH, LOCAL FOOD***La Grande Orange Grocery is not your typical grocery store. Consider it to be a casual cafe-cafeteria-ish where you can order fresh baked, homemade goodies and comfort meals from breakfast, lunch and dinner. They use ingredients that are pure and natural - nothing here is made with preservatives or additives! They also have items for those who are vegan, vegetarian and gluten-free. La Grande Orange (LGO) reminds me of Elephant's Delicatessen in Portland, OR. And if you know me, I love Elephant's Deli! So as you can imagine, I fell in love with the atmosphere at LGO. I came to visit one morning for brunch with the parentals and also met up with an old elementary school friend who lives in town. You pretty much order your food at the cash register, pay and wait by the pick-up window for your plate/orders, afterwards, you just find a seat anywhere. The atmostphere of LGO is hustlin' and bustlin', they are quick to serve and food is made within minutes! As you can imagine, the place is quite loud, so stay tuned for your name being called as they serve your dish at the pick-up window. FYI: They have a second location at the PHX Sky Harbor Airport (Terminal 4-D). I'm kinda glad that they have a location in the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport, so I can grab a few goodies to go on the plane and devour![devour]*LGO FAMOUS ENGLISH MUFFINS ($1.95/each; $9-half dozen; $16.50-dozen)Ohhh emmm gee! Their English muffins are large! Lightly toasted and sliced in half, the English muffin was served with a side of their homemade preserves and butter. You can tell this stuff is homemade by the texture as you chew into each carbalicious bite. I found out that they sell a bag of them at the airport, so I was able to grab a half dozen to share back home with my foodie friends! *highly recommended*http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-grande-orange-grocery-phoenix?select=N1JQGiauJS_Wgt-ozRdB2w#bJEjXkOfQmAZdkt106R1QA*FAMOUS FRENCH PANCAKES ($6.75; **4 STARS**)The French pancakes were very light and fluffy! It sorta reminded me of a crepe texture. The pancake was made with honey and creme fraiche. It was topped off with several slices of fresh strawberries, which made the meal quite delightful and refreshing! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-grande-orange-grocery-phoenix?select=N1JQGiauJS_Wgt-ozRdB2w#3RCEJaMiE1A7SYjfmw-Gsw*BIRCHERMUESLI ($5.25; **4 STARS**)Consider this breakfast dish something you can also grab on the go! (Also served at the PHX Airport!) Here you have chilled Swiss oats, mixed with raisins, slivered almonds and organic vanilla yogurt, all combine to make a healthy and fulfilling breakfast! I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for something to grab on the go and wants something that is healthy![dessert]*RED VELVET CUPCAKE (**3 STARS**)Was kinda dense. The cream cheese frosting was very thick and delightfully complimented the cupcake. I wish the cupcake had a bit more fluffiness in the cake's texture. But nonetheless, it was a decent sugar fix - but nothing to go wild and crazy about. *SEA SALT CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE (**3 STARS**)This cookie was recommended by the employees. I didn't think the cookie would be uber salty! I like salty-sweet mixtures, but there was too much salt in the cookie for me to eat. The chunks of snow-frost-like sea-salt, had to be dusted off so that the cookie was bearable to consume. I think this cookie would've been awesome if they decreased the sodium content. I did prefer this though over the red velvet cupcake. [imbibe]*FRESH SQUEEZED ORANGE JUICE Why not get orange juice from a place that has "orange" within their name and logo! The orange juice was very refreshing and full of pulp! I wish I had ordered a larger cup of this instead of a small! They also sell this item at PHX airport so you can grab a cup of it to go! *highly recommended*http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-grande-orange-grocery-phoenix?select=N1JQGiauJS_Wgt-ozRdB2w#OWoA9xTlsGQf9iC_uN5kRwFYI: parking can be quite limited in the front, there are spots in the back and sometimes they offer valet (no charge).If I lived in the area, I would probably be a frequent flyer! Seriously!!! If I'm in the area again, I would try out their burgers and pizzas since that's also a popular item on their menu. If you're visiting Phoenix, definitely make a visit to LGO (or at it's airport location!) Happy travels!Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #33
4	When co-workers suggested that we meet here for Coffee one morning, I thought they were nuts.  Coffee at a grocery store?  Well, I guess judging by the long lines of people, it's a very popular joint.  We ordered some Coffee, Muffins, and some other sweet stuff (I don't know what it was, they ordered it).I had a Blueberry Muffin, which was awesome.  The Coffee was some kind of Organic Ethiopian blend...it had a distinct, sharp flavor to it and was pretty strong, but very good.The store part of the place was very busy and so was the dining/sitting area.  We sat in a large booth which was comfortable for 4 of us.The absolute worse part of visiting this place is the parking.  The parking lot simply cannot handle their volume.  I had to park across the street, which is a pretty busy street.....sounds like a petty thing, but I wouldn't want to do it in the Summer when temps are 115+ and you have to wait for the crosswalk light.5 Stars for the Food/Coffee, 1 Star for the parking.Return Factor - 60%
5	I am sitting here now, at La Grande Orange, enjoying myself. Reminiscing, looking at my blog and being in love with their Quinoa/Kale salad which is divinity. The music was very loud when I came in an hour ago. This I loved, but the ancients  started complaining so they turned it down..   Ive come to expect this in Phoenix. When will oldies just die already? Just kidding.
4	The LGO grocery is so cool, they have really neat and eclectic gifts and specialty items. I like to hop over here after enjoying a pizza to browse all of their fun items!
5	went for the giant salted chocolate chip cookie, An it is the best cookie you'll have, big chunks of chocolate chips, Parking is No bueno and the place was Packed! need to try the food next time....
4	Upon strolling into "LGO" I immediately became confused. This isn't your average wait to be seated, main dining area, server brings you food type of place. At least not in the mornings. Shame on me for expecting that. My comfort zone needs to expand. As soon as I figured out the ordering process and just how this place operates, it was easy to fall in love... With the food. I have been fortunate enough in my quarter century to dive into the pizza Arizona has to offer. I had no idea LGO offered pizza. It doesn't fit with their hipster market persona you feel in this area of town. I caught a glimpse of a couple of their pizzas as I did my customary 'I'm gonna walk around, and look at people's food so I can make up my mind without making people feel uncomfortable' and ordered "the gladiator" pizza which easily feeds 2 people. Wow. The sweet crispy chewy crust is outstanding and easily rockets to the top 5 of pizza in this town. I also tried their cheese burger on their homemade english muffin. Another fantastic item on their menu. There is a hectic feel to this place as you scramble from the main counter to finding a seat, and picking up your order from different parts of the market but it all seems to work. I plan on trying their sandwiches next. They looked great as I was creeping on other peoples food.
5	Like this place needs another amazing review...but I'll do my due diligence.  When I go out of town my favorite thing to do is seek out the best of the best foods of that city.   Best of Phoenix gave this place the best cookie award for their sea salt chocolate chip cookie...first bite impression: Sweet n savory. Can we say delicious and best of both worlds in one ginormous cookie?!?! While waiting to ring up we saw one of the employees slice up their red velvet cake...we couldn't take our eyes off it so we asked for a piece to go, which was the best decision we made! The cake was one of the best red velvet cakes I've tasted if not THE best. The cake part was moist n soft and the icing was not too sweet...just right. The piece of cake just melts in your mouth...it was like a food orgasm! So good I said to myself I must come back everyday for a piece before I head back to the East Coast. The place is very cute and quaint and not only has bake goods and pastries but filled with neat knick knacks.
4	It only loses a star for always being way too crowded. I know, that's a crappy way to lose a star, but if I can't park and always have to wait in line you don't get 5 stars!
5	New Guatemalan blend is my favorite. :-D  Mmmm! I'm here way too often, but I like it.
5	If you're looking for a place that has an awesome lunch menu, a great selection of hard to find wines, a great selection of specialty drinks, awesome nick nacks, the best desserts in town (baked in house), and a great selection of specialty cheeses and salami, you have found nirvana!  I come to LGO at least once a week (on most occasions 3 times a week) and always walk out with a bottle of wine or some sort of cheese or baked good.  Their gelato, dare I say it, is better than Gelato Spot. Overall great spot to come and enjoy lunch.  One complaint though: parking is a nightmare most times.  I hope they expand to a larger location with ample parking.
5	Best cookies I've ever had. I'm glad I don't live closer or my next review would be of the Biggest Loser ranch. Awesome gelato too.
5	Their smoked salmon commuter sandwich is simply mouth watering. Highly recommended!
3	Would have given 3.5 stars but I just couldn't bring myself to do a 4-star review on this place.I've been getting takeout from here for a few years and at first would rate them a 5* for service, quality and food. Now, they've dropped in all those categories. Used to be, you would call in your order and they would make it for you on the spot. It would be ready for pickup within 10-15 minutes or so, and their special parking for curbside pickup was super convenient. Food was fresh and delicious (my fave is the Evil Princess Thai Salad). NOW it's certainly not the experience it used to be. Here's what happened today when I ordered lunch - what has happened every time I've ordered in the past 6-9 months or so....I call in my order (EPT Salad with extra peanuts) and the girl on the phone says "We don't have any salads made yet." Ummmm... so, why not just go ahead and make one? BECAUSE they don't do made-to-order salads anymore. I am asked to wait 30 minutes because by that time all the EPT salads will be done. Even though this is an inconvenience (and pretty ridiculous really) I am willing to wait. She confirms my order and I remind her... extra peanuts please.(Oh and BTW my associate's Pizzeria Chop Salad is ready anytime- so is that from yesterday then?)And despite requesting extra peanuts from all three people at LGO I've dealt with today (including the girl bringing out my order) - no extra peanuts. *sigh*My coworkers and I used to order from them weekly. So now instead every 4-5 months i hope to give them another chance but am just disappointed every time. PS - they no longer carry Tammy Coe cupcakes (which are heavenly), even though the bakery is literally 3 doors down from them. They have subbed them with their own (again mediocre) baked items.
3	It's okay. Perhaps I should've gone the pizza route because those did look scrumptious. I got a breakfast dish built of rye bread, thick ham, cheese and sunnyside egg on top. It was good but nothing overly special. For 400+ reviews I was expecting a blow-your-mind experience. It's just a trendy place and for some that is enough. I live to eat so atmosphere has a lower priority on my scorecard.
4	Cute store! Reminds me of the awesome little french bakeries in NYC. Part knick knack store, part breakfast/sweets. I bought an item off the sale/day old rack and it was quite good.
4	It's places like this that give Phoenix more of an artsy, independent feel and less of a city of Super-Walmart-Target-Sam's-Club strip mall attractions. The food is homemade and fresh and the ambience is fun.
4	Finally made our way out to check out the hype.  Parking was bananas and the line was out the door!  We were disoriented when we arrived, as it isn't your usual set up.  As a family of five with a stroller and a baby, it was definitely a tight squeeze maneuvering around.  Luckily, the staff was pretty friendly and could tell we had no idea where we were going or what we were doing.  We had the weekend specials: Steak Hash and Chilaquiles which were delicious!  I originally ordered the Quiche, but they came and flagged me down after I paid to tell me that they actually ran out.  The woman I spoke with was very sweet and made some recommendations, and gladly switched my order for something more expensive without having me pay the difference.  The kids devoured their Avocado Pizza and loved their Mango & Lola Espresso Gelatos afterwards.  All in all a good experience and will most likely make the trek out again soon.
4	Super neat place. My first visit was quite impressive. A little quirky, this place has a little bit of everything. Met some friends for lunch at 11:30 and it was already busy. They have FREE valet parking and inside & outside seating. Breakfast all day, coffee bar, fresh pastries and MORE! Also some neat and unusual gifts are available. NICE!
4	A great place to go for lunch and a wonderful array of sweet treats. The best thing to get are they English muffins which are super delicious. I get them for gifts and freeze them since I'm rarely in Arizona.
2	LGO used to be our go-to spot on weekends for coffee and a light breakfast.  Over the last year or so the place has changed.  They no longer carry the good pastries (Tammie Coe) and the portions are smaller and not that great.  The prices however are still way high.
3	Went on a Friday around 12:30pm.  Was packed, which I expected from the great things I have heard of this place...but this was insane.  Had to valet park next door at Postinos, and there almost wasn't enough room.  Had gazpacho and grilled cheese- was very good.  The shop inside has super cute, though slightly expensive gifty items  as well as food items.  The place is bigger than it looks. I will try to go at a less busy time next time and get a better feel for the place.
5	LGO is definitely my go-to place for breakfast, lunch, and brunch. Oh who am I kidding...dinner and dessert as well! My favorite thing to do is to come in on a Sunday morning after the hectic activities of the weekend, and enjoy a delicious breakfast in their trendy atmosphere. Of course, everyone talks about their commuter sandwich, but my absolute favorite is the tuna salad on 9-grain. I always come into LGO intending to try something new, but I can never stray away from that sandwich. The thin apple slices paired with the perfect consistency of tuna salad, placed between two pieces of crispy toast, is like heaven in my mouth. Their freshly squeezed orange juice is also a great boost on the weekend mornings!I love LGO so much that now they've opened a location in the Sky Harbor Airport, I ALWAYS make a point to go to that terminal (even if my flight does not depart or arrive there), JUST so I can get my fill of LGO. Recently I tried their sea salt chocolate chip cookie, and is smitten. It is an incredibly rich cookie, but I love the chunky texture of it and how it looks so fresh and homemade. Plus the shaved sea salt perfectly balances out the sweetness of the dark chocolate! It is a humongous cookie though...and it is very filling.LGO also has a display of the cutest and quirkiest items on sale in the front. It's a great way to kill time while waiting for your order, as the lines as always very long on the weekends. It's a fun place to grab some unique gifts for your friends!
5	I absolutely despise really hot weather, but I would entertain the idea of moving to Phoenix just so I could eat at La Grande Orange every day. Just went to Phoenix for a business trip, and that's what I did - ate at La Grande Orange every day. The breakfast options - commuter sandwich, daybreaker omelet, granola and yogurt, cinamon rolss - were all fantastic. They know how to make a serious English muffin from scratch. Also ordered the kale and quinoa salad from lunch - perfect balance of healthy components, but I recommend adding artichokes, sundried tomatoes, and avocado to make a true meal of it. But save room for dessert -  I highly recommend the "makes you wanna slap your momma" carrot cake. At least LGO should consider changing the name to that. The store also has a super cute 'grocery' section to peruse - well-curated trinkets, wine, and don't even get me started on the bread.
4	I live in the neighborhood and frequent this place. The food is always good.I recommend the Thai chicken salad, the pizzeria chopped salad, and the avocado pizza. They also sometimes have special salads in the case, like cucumber and wild rice. Those are usually pretty good too.They also have an impressive dessert case. I've tried a lot of the these treats and I have no complaints. The old time cupcakes are good and I was surprised how much I liked the butterscotch oatmeal cookie.The only bad thing about this place is the parking. Its truly a nightmare. I usually just ride my bike to avoid it. Seriously, I have no interest in valeting my car to go in and get something to go. They do have curbside to go and that works well if you call in an order, but sometimes I just want to stop in and the lack of parking makes this quite difficult.
5	The commuter sandwich is a great way to start off a Saturday or Sunday morning. I get mine with bacon, havarti, and avocado. It is consistently great. Everyone I go with is a fan of whatever they get. The only thing that I have ordered that I was not a huge fan of was the guacamole BLT. The atmosphere and vibe can't be beat and there is always great people watching.I recently just tried dinner at LGO for the first time. I have always appreciated their breakfast but now I am a giant fan of their dinner as well. Quite possibly even more so than the breakfast which is saying a lot. I got the avocado pizza with prosciutto. After completely devouring it, I must say it was one of the better things that I have ever tried. We also had the quinoa and kale salad that they split onto two plates for us without asking which was really nice. The salad was very tasty top it off with a bottle of wine and great ambiance. It was a really nice evening.
4	This place has the cutest and quirkest little items for sale, a great place to shop for a gift for a mom, sister, or friend! I always love the selection of cards they have too.On top of that, their bakery case is AMAZING. I'm not a huge fan of their cookies (I like mine to be more moist and chewy, theirs tend to be drier and crumblier), but I like their tres leches cake and the old-timer cupcake (the one that looks like a big Hostess cupcake). Their gelato is really good too and made in-house with no preservatives or anything weird like that. My favorite flavor is the peach, although the mint is also interesting. Just be forewarned that it's REALLY minty, like really really really minty with actual chunks of mint leaves in it. might be good to eat on a date so you can have super fresh breath for that goodnight smooch! haha!The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because the parking situation is ridiculous. I know they have a valet who will park your car for you and they validate the valet ticket so you don't have to pay the $3, but it's still an inconvenience! last time I came I had to wait almost 15 min in a long line of cars, boo.
4	Love this place.  Lively, a bit different, diverse menu.  Commuter sandwich has to be my fav.
4	La Grande Orange is one of those fantastically energetic smallish neighbor markets that offers an ever shifting and marvelous menagerie of breakfast, take home, and baked items. For years it has successfully maintained a well deserved reputation as a local favorite for numerous meals, the only downside to this quirky Phoenix favorite is that it can become absolutely overrun during breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Breakfast is my personal favorite meal at LGO but don't leave without a salted chocolate chip cookie, I'm absolutely sure that patrons could easily come to blows over ridiculously large sweet and salty treats.
3	Pizza and wings are good. Really good. The server said we have a wine special for 5 bucks we ordered it. Then we ordered it again for a second round. OK good deal. Now we all enjoyed the meal no issues at all with that. The bill came 7 bucks each for the 5 buck wine special. I asked about it...I was given a tongue tripping BS answer...ok whatever. Hokey business practices...good food..you decide.
4	I love to hate this place. Quandry--- lolUpdate- ****Myan Coffee is super Yummy!****English Muffins- Heaven as usual but expensive! 9 bucks but worth every bite.*Sweet treats are good, not the best I have ever had, but darn good.*Pizza is pretty good for Non NY style, Artisan pizza. *Parking is still a pain but the Parking Gods were with me tonight. lol* Service- Hit or miss for sure. Some people fawn all over you and a few are snobby. The nice ones win out ignore the hipster snobs. lol --One girl who works here is just super rude. I wish I got her name. However, three other servers were outstanding. It is what it is. The Pizza manager is very nice. Maybe Josh????* This is such a great little concept of a store/restaurant. It is always very crowded though, a little pricey, and not easy to maneuver inside the grocery part thus my opening line. But the food is good. I hear their breakfast rocks it. ( I have never had it yet)
4	Finally, I had gotten a chance to have dinner here.  The valet parking has always detoured me from going to LGO.  I have the cheese pizza and tried the kale salad.  The cheese pizza had a lot of flavor, there wasn't a ton of sauce but it was really tasty and the crust was crispy.  It took awhile to get our food but the service was good and having good conversation with friends made it worth the wait.  I will have to come back for breakfast.  i do love your muffins!
4	I had a fantastic piece of red velvet cake from here the other day! I love the store and the unique selection of items. While it is a little pricey, the quality and taste is amazing. I have also had their english muffins and highly recommend you grab some for home! So glad yelp introduced me to this place. I will be back to try more goodies and some pizza. The girl at the service counter was very nice and quick in getting our order.
5	Whether its their sandwiches, salads, pizza, sushi, breakfast, brunch items, pastries, iced tea, smoothies or just the english muffin with their house jelly, you cannot go wrong with anything that you order here. I have tried most of their items on their menu (sometimes just for a change) and have I been satisfied every single time. Since I travel for work, I am glad they are now open at PHX Sky Harbor in Terminal 4, Gate D. This place is surely as good as it gets !
4	I have a love hate relationship with LGO.  I LOVE their food!  I hate that I never know if they are doing counter service only or if they have servers in the dining area.  I LOVE their pizza!  I hate their parking and now they've turned all their lot spaces into "19 min only" parking so you have to valet.  I LOVE their take and go options as well as you can buy wine at retail price in the grocery and drink it in the dining room with no corking fee.  I hate that this is a place that attracts hipsters.My go to order item is a cheese pizza with extra cheese but don't doubt me until you try it.  They also have great salads and a lot of options for my veggie loving friends.  Things have been a little different since they separated with Tami Coe/MJ Bread but their red velvet cake, English muffins and other bakery items are still spot on.  But sadly there is no replacement for the MJ pretzel stick that stole my heart.
5	La Grande Orange, how much do I love you so!  Your baked goods consume my thoughts; you have taken the salty/sweet combination to a whole other level! The French salt chocolate chip cookies, where they made by angels? So heavenly! So Perfect! So addicting! The sweet chocolate chip with the crunch of the salt flaked sends me into bliss!! I can't get enough! The oatmeal, cranberry, raisin cookie should not be dismissed; this cookie I have to say is my favorite cookie!! The blend of the oatmeal, sweet pop of cranberry and raisin makes my mouth water!!! Its mind blowing!  I pick this cookie over the my delightful chocolate chip cookie as my favorite, and when I 1st was introduced to this cookie, I said no I don't want to try it, I'm in love with my chocolate chip cookie, but then I tried a pieced and my mind was blown!   Guess I'm in love with 2 cookies, look what you have done to me LGO!!  And if that wasn't enough, you seduced me with your English muffins!! What did I do to you to be so tortured by this delightful food!! These English muffins are heaven sent! Perfectly amazing on their own, but take them home and make a breakfast sandwich out of them, ooooohhhh mmmmmyyyyyy gggggaaawwwwddd !!! Thomas English muffins who??? I only get mine from LGO!
5	I LOVE it here. The grocery area of LGO has so many fun, interesting little things to look and buy while you're waiting in the long line to get breakfast. I've bought several cards and little gifts for people here. Though I have come here for breakfast, lunch and dinner, my favorite thing to come here for is breakfast. Be forewarned though, on weekend mornings it is ALWAYS packed. It is going to be LOUD and CROWDED and you are going to have to STAND and WAIT for a while. AKA- don't go here when you're hungover or bring a hungover individual because they will NOT enjoy it (too much hustle and bustle when you're feeling weak/sick). It reminds me of some cafes/groceries I've been to in Europe which I think makes me like it even more. All of the breakfast items are delicious. The commuter sandwich is yummy. I like it with avocado, lox, or turkey, it's good no matter which way you get it because of their amazing English muffins. The day breaker and eggs to order are other faves of mine. I like to snag a picnic table outside and eat out there. Their iced tea is also really good and they serve it with an orange slice instead of a lemon slice.. YUM. They have a great wine section too with lots of different options. And HUGE plus...they are always playing GREAT music....namely Minus the Bear...my favorite band!
2	I agree with the poster who says it has gone down hill in the last year. We used to go every Saturday for a muffin and coffee. Currently I will not even eat a muffin there because they keep them out on the counter, uncovered, right by the cash registers for anyone to touch, sneeze on, drop money on, etc. Maybe I'm a little obsessive,  but I have to imagine there are other OCDs that feel the same. Last weekend we were there and people paying for their meals hover directly over the muffins and croissants, talking over them and brushing up against them. I wonder how much spit spray ends up on those by the end of the day? I asked if they had any muffins on trays in the back, but they were all up front. Gross! Plus the muffins are much smaller than they used to be.
4	Was their during lunch time, the place is self service till 4pm.  Got a turkey salad that was per-prepared and a ice tea totaling $11.   Nice environment.
2	Kudos to LGO for the neighborhood dynamics. I am pretty loyal to this grocery due to their consistent quality, except... What is changing with the English Muffins? The Commuter Sandwich isn't that awesome flavor without the heavy cornmealed, slightly oily English Muffin. The one this morn tasted more like a roll than a muffin and is unfortunately the 2nd in the last few months that has been below their usual quality. Meh.
5	LGO is amazing!! Coffee, breakfast, lunch, dessert, whatever you're looking for! Their food is delicious, whether its for there or to go. The staff is always upbeat and friendly, and the whole experience is five stars. There's a reason this place is always so packed. There are tons of books, gifts, and miscellaneous nick-nacks to browse while you wait, and let me just say...it's worth the wait.Overall, head to LGO. Try the open face chicken sandwich
4	8/17/2013 Bfast club UYE with many many Yelpers today.  Great event.  I was very happy that I got the chance to have b'fast with 2 yelpers I have not seen in a while, Joan G and Meagan G - so nice to see these ladies!     I had the egg-white omelet.  That was fantastically delicious.  A lot of people love their English muffins too and they sell them by the half-dz.So, I am finally, after 4 years of shopping here, writing a review of LGO.  I love coming here.  Everything about this shop screams hipster and I like hipster stuff too.   I love the lunch salads.  Their salads are often creative and delicious with fresh local ingredients.  Just grab a salad from the cooler in front of the main counter.  I love the pizza.  IN fact, the pizza here is some of the best in the valley to me.  The star of their pizza, to me, is the delicious crust!  the crust of their pizza has an appropriate balance of crisp and chewiness.  I have also enjoyed some of their cookies.  Certainly the last Yelper Cookie recipe in July 2013  was the best cookie I've had from their Bake Shop.I know they sell wine and a bunch of other stuff.  I always feel like I'm running into stuff on displays for sale in there; but to be honest, I've never paid that stuff any attention.  I don't know what is on those displays in that store.  When I was in there today, I noticed a children's book on one of the shelves and remembered thinking, odd.  But maybe people buy them and read those books whilst they eat lunch. (?).  The parking situation at this corner of Campbell and 40th street is typical of most central phoenix eateries - frustrating, limited, best-to-valet - to name a few adjectives.  Which is why I normally get what I want from LGO to go.  They have convenient "to-go" parking spaces right in front that are almost always vacant.  I park, run in , grab what I need and come right back out.    Until this morning, LGO certainly had a round-up-able-to 5 star rating in my book.. I had to knock them a star for the following TWO  reasons: #1 this place doesn't lend itself to large groups at all if you come for lunch or breakfast.  No reservations.  Just dispatch your buddies to hold seats with cell phones, napkins and whatever else you can use as place holders.  RCV Alert:  #2 They got rid of or lost the Tammie Coe Cake's  Red Velvet Cupcakes.   I came to know TCC's RVC when I stopped in to have lunch at LGO once and that's where my love of TCC's RVC originated.  When I stopped in some time ago and saw the RVC cupcapes in the display.  I instantly knew something ewas off/wrong.  It didn't look like my beloved TCC RVC cupcake.  I inquired about the cupcake and why it looked different.  I discovered that TCC's was no longer being sold there, a person working at the counter told me LGO's RVC was just as good as TCC's.  Uhm, Houston, we have a problem, that sales person MUST have fallen and bumped her head!  I don't think so.  I've tried the RVC made by LGO's bake shop 3 times to see if it came close, the cake itself is not as good as TCC's.  The cake itself lacks the appropriate flavor.  The taste is off..  The cake is moist enough, and the texture is just right.  but the lack of enough flavor is where they loose the battle.  The cream cheese frosting is perfectly done.  If their cake's taste popped more, they'd be in a position to take on my #1 RVC in PHX.  Certainly a contender in my Top 5 favorite RVC's in Phoenix.  .
3	The BF and I went to LGO this morning for the Breakfast Club UYE, which, as always, was fun.....but, I must say, breakfast at LGO is just not that good. Pastries...yes, delicious.....breakfast.....not really feeling it. I got the eggs rancheros (or whatever they call it), and the sauce was just bland and boring. Yes, the english muffins are good, but the rest of this dish was boring. Also, one of the 'over medium' eggs was fully cooked through. I know they're busy, I don't care...they should know how to cook an egg. Also, the set u is difficult, they have you order up at the counter with no real defined line and then try to find somewhere to sit, and then go back and try to listen for your name while pouring your own (not good) coffee and then busing the dishes.....I just don't love it. I think I'll stick with the pastries for now (as they are super delicious).
5	DESSERTS ARE AMAZING! I have gotten addicted to Tammy Co cupcakes thanks to LGO! I keep coming back! Knowing that their staff is going to greet me with a smile and always ready to aid me and answer my questions is another reason I keep coming back. You ABSOLUTELY HAVE to try their Tammy Co red velvet cupcakes. They are to DIE for!  You will find yourself day dreaming about them. Their other desserts have also been tasty and their cakes so cute, crafty and UNIQUE! If you're looking for an artsy cake in a unique design THIS IS YOUR PLACE!Its always fun wandering around and finding random little nick nacks for yourself, friends and family!
4	LGO was the place that was picked for August's Breakfast Club UYE, on paper it sounded like a great idea, but the reality, not so much. Thank you everyone to attended though and went with the flow!!!  LGO is not the place to go with a huge group for breakfast. Now with that said, I love LGO, I am a FAN of this place!! When I knew that we were going to LGO I knew right away I wanted a breakfast sandwich on one of those amazing English muffins! And that's exactly what I got it.  It had egg, bacon!!!!, cheese, tomato, avocado all mushed between 2 soft pillows of the English muffin. It was as amazing as I had thought it to be!! Loved it! I also got a side of potatoes, I am an Irish girl and love me some spuds! The potatoes where not the best I have had, nor where they the worst, I think next time I will just skip them.Glad to have tried LGO out for breakfast and their amazing breakfast sandwiches. Omg like I needed another reason to love this place so!! Yep I will be back!
4	Very fun atmosphere. I love the store portion, lots of cute unique items. The food is freaking delicious. The desserts are amazing. The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is it is a teeeensy bit over priced. Ok not so teensy. It is overpriced. We paid A LOT for 2 english muffin sandwiches(Which we loved and still dream about) But jeez louise! Its an english muffin sandwich! It didn't come with any sides or anything! This is a good place for a date, maybe a good place if you want to splurge a little bit for a fun dining experience.
5	Great food and have been going there since it opened.  The Pizza is really good and the Commuter hits the spot for breakfast.  I recommend LGO to everyone.
4	LGO has great pastries and cookies. Some of the best. I haven't tried the pizza yet but that is next on the list. Now this review has a big but. Sir Mix A Lot would love this review because of it's big but. I can not lie.I went here for the August Breakfast Club UYE. The breakfast sandwich I had was as good as I thought it was going to be. Their sourdough English muffins are great. Add bacon, egg and cheese to that and it is even better. Now here comes that big but I was talking about. They do not to breakfast service well here. It fact they don't do it at all. There is no service at breakfast. You can order breakfast sandwiches and stuff but then you have to go next door, stake out a table, go get your order when it is ready, then get your own silverware and water and coffee. After you are done they want you to bus your own dishes. The funny thing was that some people weren't picking up there food so someone would bring it over and track them down it give it to them. Hmmmm that sounds like maybe something they should do all the time. Probably a crazy idea.So I will come back for more baked goods and to try the pizza but I don't think I will stop for breakfast again. Maybe without a large group it wouldn't be so bad but still they need to have some kind of service at breakfast or close off the dinning room. Something needs to change.
5	We LOVE LGO for breakfast! Their homemade English Muffin breakfast sandwiches are phenomenal. And their coffee is great. Perfect thing for my husband and I after an exhausting morning hike. We've also had some cupcakes and a red velvet cake from LGO and their desserts are to die for. Highly recommend.
4	Big fan. Great place to eat, great shop, great coffee.Admittedly, I've only been for breakfast, but will drive all the way across town to get it. Like both the Zuni burrito and the commuter sandwich. So much better than just your run of the mill breakfast burrito or breakfast sandwich. Quality ingredients and great taste. The English muffins are ridiculously good, but also pretty pricey, hence the reason I've never brought a pack home. Staff is nice, I love the vibe, the shop and the neighborhood. Only bummer is, the place is not a secret, super busy on weekend mornings. Pretty decent, speedy service despite that though, so thumbs up!
4	Cool stuff.  I didn't eat here, but passed through while waiting for a table at Postinos.  Great little chockas though.  I would eat here, if it were local to me.
5	Wow this place is awesome and very cool vibeI had the commuter sandwich with avocado to die for My wife loved her ham and kale quiche Kids can't get enough of the fruit parfait Wish I could have breakfast here everydayHas a line but moves very quickly
5	While shopping around Scottsdale Fashion Square I asked a kind woman helping me where I should go to get some work done. Without hesitation she told me to come here. After, I saw some of my friends had glowing reviews for this spot, I adventured my way over.Parking was a struggle (but hey, when isn't it for me in a rental car?) but it was well worth it. You know those moments when you walk into a place so cool and eclectic you just have to walk around and find your bearings before you can sit? That's what my wide-eyed happy self did when I walked through the front door. There are a few patio spots, but I nestled right in a cozy two person table by the front door to hammer out some work. I went to the front to order a drink and felt like I met some new friends. Everyone was kind and so helpful which gave me a lovely home-ee feeling. I went to the wall cooler and grabbed a beer and needless to say, my productivity soared. I kept smelling intriguing pizza so I had to grab a couple to-go when I left. And... some cupcakes. I got a cheese  and roasted corn with goat cheese pizza and they tasted as good as they smelled. It wasn't a greasy pizza and it had just the right amount of flavor to make each bite beautiful. Been to CPK? The pizzas are about that size. Want to be completely stuffed? Order one for yourself or have a great meal for two. The S'more cupcake was out of this world bursting with goodness. Not too sweet, not too cakey, but jjjuuussssstttt right.
5	I was only here for a short weekend and I came here TWICE for breakfast! Yes, this is how good and impressed I was with this place! There wasn't anything I ordered that wasn't good. My friend really liked the fresh English Muffins here! They were really chewy and good! There's the breakfast portion of the kitchen and also really good bakery items! The red velvet cake was really good and the sticky morning bun was also delicious! Everything here is really good, you can't really go wrong!There's like ZERO parking here so be prepared to fight it out!
5	Gotta love Scottsdale and it's fantastic selection of gourmet fare. The mornings here bustle with the business attired crowd, yogis, and people in hospital scrubs as they wait to pick up their healthy breakfast fare. I had the heirloom brown rice bowl which featured a soft boiled egg over a bed of rice, quinoa and kale. A smear of chili sambal type paste adorned a corner of my bowl. I also couldn't resist their blueberry scone. The free samples they give out in the morning are fantastic at enticing one to buy one of their well made pastries.
4	The vibe and environment of LGO is definitely a great place - open space, lovely people, friendly staff, plenty of seatings, etc. all good stuff. A minus on the parking on a busy weekend afternoon. As for the food, the sandwich menu is great. I tried the Reuben today. Simply delicious. We also had the pizza, more specifically the fallen angel. It was fine. Decent pizza. Nothing to write home about. Regarding the salad: the menu looked really good until I found out it was pre-made and in a plastic box sitting to be picked up in the fridge-like storage space by the door. Definitely a disappointment. Overall a good space for coffee, a sandwich and a meet up point. It's 3 miles from the house. I can see myself running there for lunch and maybe run home. I'll come back again. Definitely worth a try and a return. -- Keep eatin'
3	Came here for the Breakfast Club UYE back in August. I had the Huevos Rancheros, and honestly wasn't very impressed. The sauce didn't have that spicy kick this dish is known for, and the eggs were cooked to the max and certainly not medium. The English Muffin, however, was as heavenly as everyone made them out to be! Probably a good thing I didn't take a pack home. Also, I don't see why everyone has their panties in a wad about having to listen for your name, getting up to get your plate, saving a table, etc. Sure, I can see how this wasn't the best place for a large group. Yes, I know it's nice to be waited on. Yet, it's totally OK for us to get off our asses every now and then. If you're claustrophobic, this might not be the place for you. It's cozy, and packed with all kinds of wine knick-knacks, books, etc. And I looove it! Parking situation: They do complimentary valet. I was lucky enough to score a curbside spot this particular morning. It's no secret that LGO has AMAZING pastries. Was happy to finally try one of those French Sea Salt Chocolate Chip Cookies. SO. FRIGGIN'. GOOD. Just the right combo of sweet and salty, yet buttery. Had every intention of saving half of it . . . but ate it on the way to my second training session of the day. :) I hear the Roasted Corn Pizza is where it's at - Will definitely have to return to give it a try!
5	Best breakfast in Biltmore/Arcadia area. This place is hippie and full of energy. The food served here is very fresh. The staff always happy and ready to help. I had ordered things from the menu and they were all very tasty....Don't forget to try their fresh squeezed orange juice.
5	Awesome.  The Zumi burrito was good not great, but the commuter sandwich (avacado and bacon) was superb. The english muffin is as good as everyone says! The manager accommodated our request for mimosas on a non mimosa day. The hostess girl was very helpful for a first timer! Just a great breakfast spot.
5	Never disappoints back for another commuter sandwich this morning on my way home from airport.  Looks like they have a new rotisserie going to have to stop back for dinner sometimeNice to sit out side and enjoy our beautiful Arizona weather
4	Ate at La Grande Orange at the Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix and was completely impressed.  For an airport cafe the food was "real", delicious and well prepared.  The service was very quick and the staff was pleasant and efficient. I asked for a different variation on the sandwich I ordered and they had no problem making the change.   I couldn't have had a better experience---and at an airport that makes it even more impressive.
5	This is my neighborhood "go to" place, so I'm generally there at least once a week .I Stopped in to grab a loaf of bread and WOW! The bake shop has had a make-over! I was happy to see MJB take over from Tammy Coe but this approaching holiday season they are really kicking it up a notch. New cookies, bars, cupcakes-lemon bars that are gluten free. I can't wait to find an excuse to indulge!
5	While headed to work every morning I come in and order the day breaker, a salad for lunch from the grab and go, a coffee and refill my go green cup.. The girls are wonderful if I am not in a rush I will have my yummy egg whites there.. BEST OJ in town!! I have been fighting a cold and been getting one every morning.. Grapefruit juice is also wonderful.. Try the havana with almond milk! All the people here are great. Parking can get a little crazy. They are opening up the jndigo too soon!
5	I am always pleased with LGO!  I'll fight for a parking space any day just to get my coffee and a Commuter sandwich (bfast), Orange and Fennel salad or Stacked Turkey sandwich (lunch), or my favorite Mother Earth pizza for dinner!  The vibe is fun and busy--not the place for a quiet time of solitude, but perfect for any other occasion.  Kudos to LGO for innovating and creating such a great neighborhood spot! :)
3	My omelet was cold and not much to look at. Muffin and coffee were good. Parking is limited. Not sure I like the idea of going to a restaurant to eat and feel the pressure to buy all the merchandize they put in front of you as you walk in.
2	Usually I love me some LGO but today I received the worst service I have had in a long time. I took some new Lgo-ers here after convincing them that they have the best salads and nice friendly staff. To begin...the cashier was very rude when one of the salads was asked to be made without cheese. Then after waiting over 25 minutes for our 3 salads there were no apologies or explanation as to why it took so long. The worst part of it all is when we complained about the wait, the manager was standing right there and said nothing!
5	By far a Phoenix favorite for me!  Love the commuter with salmon!!!I just saw they opened shop in the airport!
5	I accidentally reviewed this restaurant instead of their airport location. The airport location was amazing and delicious with a ton of vegan, gluten free options. If I'm ever in Arizona, I will definitely check out the regular restaurant.
4	I can't figure this place out. It's one of those places that seems like it has to be good from the, uh, uppity nature of the people who've mentioned it. (Uppity: more money than I have) So since I'm obsessed with trying to look cool and like I have more money than I have, (what kind of hipster would I be if I didn't?) I figured I needed to try it out. So what better night than when I am too tired to cook anything, too lazy to go too far, but trying not to eat my stress in Arby's 5 for $5? I read the reviews and the grab and go aspect sounded like just what I wanted. Here's how it went down, straight first impression style. Parking- uh nope. No parking, went down the street looking, then realized, I just wanted to grab something and go home, no way am I parking and walking in this situation. Went back and snagged a spot in front of the paper store, which was closed, therefore I say it's up for grabs (plus upscale paper stores are bullshit). Go inside La Grande Orange grocery and whoa, that's a lot of stuff, piled to the ceiling, everywhere. In my head "grocery" means some aisles and a display here and there, not pyramids of god knows what. I'm afraid to walk around for fear my big ass will knock something over that costs more than my hourly rate. Ok, grab and go spotted, yay! Oh it's kind of empty, ok it's 8 pm, whatevs. Selected spicy chickpea lettuce wraps, and looked around trying to figure out where to pay, there's like 3 different counters. Ok I've figured out where to pay, but what is there to drink? Iced tea or lemonade apparently at this counter. Side note: I did not see an easily accessible path to this drink case they motioned to, so maybe I look next time. Pay, go home, enjoy. Here's where I am most lost: order food to be made at a counter but coffee is at a separate counter? Like I can't buy food and coffee at the same time? Wth... Maybe I'm overthinking it, but, that's just it, If I wanted to think about food I would have made it myself. Will probably try again for breakfast one day when I'm feeling like a fight to the death. P.S. Not sure where the hipster vibe is coming from with some people, to me this was all uppity white folk, complete with heads so far up asses that "excuse me" is lost on them.
4	This review will be short and sweet. I don't spend a lot of time here. It is just my morning coffee stop. The service is awesome, super friendly batistas every morning that make delicious coffee. 2 problems: parking (not enough of it) and the market is cramped and difficult to maneuver. However, I can totally overlook these things to get good coffee for cheap (if you have a tumbler to get refilled, that is).
2	Two stars is being generous for this place. I tried to go here for breakfast with a large group and the system to get food was so chaotic and busy that I actually had to leave. It's not bad enough that I had to spend twenty minutes to find a place to park since space is limited and there is no parking on the street.  I have had their English muffins and they are fabulous but even their greatness doesn't entice me to ever want to return here.
4	Last night was my first time here and it was delicious!! I can't believe I didn't try this sooner. It was for a work party and boy am I glad we decided to come here! The pizza was so flavorful and simply delicious! My only concern was the service, over all it was great but the waitress did forget my water... I asked twice, and it wasn't until our dessert that I finally got the water..
5	Love coming here.  Great service, neat little grocery area (more eclectic stuff than actual groceries), and the food is awesome (simple menu but delicious).
4	The parking is HORRIBLE!  The setup for ordering is confusing and disorganized.  I can totally look past all that though with one bite of the pressed tuna sandwich.  Sheer deliciousness!!  I also ordered two dessert bites: a small red velvet cupcake and a mini chocolate cupcake.  I wished I hadn't ordered them in the mini size.  One bite was just not enough!  They were so moist with just the right sweetness.  If I can suck it up and get in a zen mood to deal with the parking and the crazy ordering line, I will absolutely be back!  If you are planning on having a nice conversation with a friend, eat outside.  I could barely hear myself think!
4	Crowd and wait can be tough at dinner.  Lunch is usually quick, especially if you order at the counter.  Parking can be awful.You will enjoy this place so much more on "off hours".  Pizzas:  the way to go, for sure.
4	I LOVE LGO! The place has been around for years now and it is always consistently good! The shop it's self is beyond adorable and has some great stuff that would be great gifts or a nice little something for yourself! I have tried a little bit of everything from their menu. My favorites are the *Smoked Salmon Salad that comes with baby spinach, arugula, basil, dried cranberries, sunflower seeds, cous cous, house vinaigrette, its addictive and different and only $8.50.*Guacamole BLT - Which has amazing thick cut bacon, fresh tomatoes, lettuce and guacamole. It's perfect and super filling. $7.25but my serious all time favorite is their Croque Madame - broiled open-faced w/ ham, tomato, sunny-side egg, spicy mustard sauce and gruyere and a steal for $7.50!They have insane freshly baked good - Try their homemade english muffins! You will never want to go back and and buy Thomas' English Muffins again, you will be permanently ruined! It's a great place to check out for Breakfast or lunch. It can be kinda busy at times and parking is a pain but trust me it's worth it!
5	A ton of great bakery options, even late in the day. I got a giant s'mores cupcake (~$4), a mini red velvet cupcake with edible glitter (~$2), and a "Mayan latte" (latte with cinnamon, ~$4). I also got to finish off my friend's strawberry and lemon gelato and they were super fresh and refreshing after the heavy chocolate cake. Everything was delicious! The store/grocery part itself had a lot more gift items than food, but there was plenty of wine and beer to choose from (though at slightly higher prices than a large chain liquor store). Tons of cute novelty things that were fun to look at before ordering dessert. There are about three different "locations" inside the one room - LGO Bakery, LGO Grocery, a gelato shop (Grateful Spoon), and then it's connected to the pizzeria. Something for everyone!
5	As always another great meal at LGO great pizza chips and dipsThe place is so cool love coming here breakfast, lunch or dinner doesn't matter.
4	I've only been to La Grande Orange for pizza, but I plan to come back for breakfast or lunch some time soon since its so close to home. The pizza was pretty darn good, we ordered half gladiator and half fallen angel with all of the free add ons! This includes garlic, fresno peppers, onions and an egg!! The trick that one of the staff recommended to us (that we completely forgot yo do but will do next time) was to have the egg cooked over medium since they typically serve the egg sunny side up which can be too runny for most. I personally liked the gladiator more than the fallen angel. We also decided to go with a growler which you can decide to keep or just drink at the table (of course we decided to keep it for am extra $12). It is such a uniquely shaped growler! Super cute, reminds me of a genie bottle! The ambiance was very romantic with dim candle lighting and all of the staff was so friendly and helpful! I am so excited to go here for breakfast or lunch and check out the grocery store!
5	The best coffee and pastries in town! Get there in the early AM and enjoy the outdoor setting.Great for cyclist who are out on a ride a want a place to rest and fuel up. Also great for family and friends just hanging out.
5	Time for an update on one of my favorite Phoenix places to eat, grab a bottle of vino or a clever gift!   This last trip I did two out of the three!  I had a delicious lunch and grabbed some gifts.  I have to say that if I owned a restaurant, it would be just like LGO.  I love this place and am always happy to be in LGO, whether perusing the wine or the groovy items in the store.  I am the MOST happy when I am eating some yummy food.  For years, I have been mildly obsessed (my friends will know I am underplaying my obsession) with the commuter sandwich.  It is so very good.  Pretty much perfection. The delicious English muffin, the eggs, bacon, tomato and mayo.  It rocks my world!  This trip, I tried something new (gasp!).  I was also so happy I did and will now have some debating to do when I am having a bite to eat at LGO.  This time I had the brown rice bowl.  I was opting for something on the healthy side.  This dish was some seriously tasty ingredients combined in a bowl.  Such great flavor!  As usual, I look forward to my next trip to Phoenix and my visit to LGO!
5	I decided to bump this up a star considering I probably eat a commuter sandwich at least once a week. It's that good. I really need to start liking oatmeal.
4	Love LGO! It reminds of a combination of Anthropologie meets a hipster coffee joint + farmers market.  Not only do I love their food, but I love their shop - they have the best gifts that make for tons of entertainment while waiting for your food.I've had several items on their menu, though I love their tuna salad the best.  It's got a few unusual items mixed in, and it's wonderful.  It's a little on the sweet side, definitely a unique twist on a standard lunch item.  It's great on a sandwich or atop mixed greens.The parking here is pretty crappy, which is the only reason I didn't give this place a fifth star.  The lot is teeny tiny, and because LGO is so good, it's always packed.  They do have 'complimentary valet,' but who has cash to tip them? I don't, and so valeting, while convenient, is always a pain.I highly recommend going here for breakfast or lunch - their food/pastries are amazing, their coffee/chai tea/green tea are awesome, and they have a huge dining area, with plenty of seating.
5	Been coming here since 2008. This place never disappoints. Great healthy choices everyday all day. Check out my Daybreaker egg white omelet with spinach and mushrooms in the pic :) Delicious!
1	I like the food okay but the service--geez, very rude girl at bakery counter!  If I hadn't wanted the AZ cookie so badly I would've just walked out.  There's better (and closer) bakeries than this one.
4	Ok, I have been to LGO several times since my last review. No, I have not been back for breakfast, as there are so many good breakfast places, I would hate to waste a meal on a place that wasn't awesome. However, the pastries and gelato are wonderful. I got their french sea salt brownie a few times...but the one I got this week tied for best brownie in phoenix (with Lux, of course). It was ohhh sooo good. I enjoyed it thoroughly. Also, their chocolate pudding, red velvet cake, cookies, the gelato with the almond and lingonberry, the salted caramel gelato, their ridic nutella croissants, and just about all of their other pastries are amazing. I return again and again for their desserts...and you should too... PS This place is especially awesome after a delish Ingo's burger... not to put in a shameless plug or anything.
5	Love this place. Great coffee and food. Lines can be annoying and occasionally the music (although good) is waaayyyy too loud. Like nightclub loud and you can't have a conversation. Asked a staff person if they could turn it down a bit and she was totally rude about it and blew us off. Parking sucks but there is valet. Pizza is awesome. The place might be getting a little full of itself however. They need to realize there are growing alternatives nearby.
5	Fun brunch atmosphere, romantic dinner atmosphere. Great location, service and wonderful food. They always have a few (super delicious) gluten free baked goods to choose from that go great with their amazing coffees in the morning. Great gluten free pizza and salads. Very fun place to eat, great for a date! Amazing gelato too. I don't know anyone that doesn't love this place!
4	A fun and tasty menu in an adorable shop tucked into a super cute little area.  A wonderful selection of breads to take home (among which are their famous giant English muffins), breakfast, sandwiches and salads, delectable desserts at reasonable prices.  Lots of patio seating, and super busy just about any time (weekends most of all), with spotty service.  FOOD: If you're breakfasting here, the commuter is incredible! Try it with salmon and avocado, but be sure to leave room for dessert!  The French pancakes are swell, and so is everything else I've tried, but the commuter is far and away the winner, whether you add any kind of meat or not.  If you're going for healthy, get the mayo on the side.  Red velvet anything is great here, as is the key lime pie.  SHOP: The odds-n-ends shop is my favorite eclectic collection around - I measure other cute shops by their yard stick (e.g. "this place is kinda cute in a La Grande Orange kind of way" - but no other place quite measures up).  I've bought kitchen supplies, clothing, jewelry, books, dog toys...I could go on.  Everything is at least a little bit interesting!  I highly recommend the Out of Print and Yoganastix clothing brands - I've bought both from here and they've stayed soft and nice with much wear.   SERVICE: To be honest, the service is spotty to poor.  For a while, I had orders mixed up almost as often as correct - with no apologetic attitude, to boot - and I stopped going.  My last few visits have been pretty great (aside from overhearing a woman who had terrible service getting no help at all to make it better).  It's definitely a risk.  It's so popular that the counter employees don't seem concerned with customer service at all (the servers in the main restaurant are great, if you come for a sit-down dinner, but that's a different Yelp listing).
4	The Commuter sandwich is excellent. This place always seems to be busy whenever the time or day, I'm in town. They have pretty good dessert and their black iced tea is really good. The delicious homemade english muffins are also sold in a bag so you can take them home and enjoy them. The store is adorable, they have all these really cool tchotchkes. I once found a little lego like puzzle with teeny tiny pieces which when assembled made a 3D violin.The service isn't super great, I gave it 4 stars mainly because of the food.
4	Cool local place to grab a breakfast sandwich, coffee, something for lunch, bottle of wine, or a cookie.  Lots of neat gifts and books.  Staff is friendly and service is great even if it seems a little chaotic.  Borderline overpriced but the quality is there.
5	During my 5 day stay in Phoenix where I ate in 15 places that ranged from dives to 5 star restaurants, my lunch at La Grande Orange was the favorite. The bustling lunch crowd, the tight quarters, the booming sound system, the servers screaming out orders, the merchandise displays all cause sensory overload. This place has more than a mere deli counter could possibly provide.  Like: sandwiches, sushi, salads, fresh made pizzas, pastries, beer & wine, etc...  I ordered 5 different items and all were absolutely delicious.I'm a 5th generation NY'er from Manhattan.  Snide about food.  And I'd rather eat here at La Grande Orange than 120 year old Katz Deli on the lower east side.  Yeah La grande orange is that good.
5	My go-to breakfast place.  I've never had something here that I didn't love. For breakfast I recommend the eggs any style with fruit and toast (the fruit is always fresh and amazing, also add the bacon, they give you a TON and it's perfectly cooked everytime), the commuter sandwich (but you must add cheese, avocado, & bacon AND get it hot pressed), and the french pancakes are phenomenal if you're feeling something sweet.  For lunch I recommend the kale & quinoa salad, the vegetable sushi roll with goat cheese and sauteed veggies instead of raw fish, the Reuben (AMAZING!), and the burger. You can't forget an iced coffee and sea salt chocolate chip cookie to top of the meal... It's an unbeatable combo. The staff here is really friendly and there always seems to be cute dogs hanging outside, definitely a plus!
5	Holy Smokes! I've been to LGO for every conceivable meal of the day as they're in my neighborhood ... and somehow I've failed in my writing of The Review.I'm a terrible person.The first time I knew I had a problem involved overnight guests. Somehow they assumed I'd be churning out pancakes and percolating coffee early in the morning. HECK NO. I pushed my friends down the stairs (pfft! to their protests) and off we went. Once they had coffee in their hands and were ready to contemplate making a breakfast order, things were good. Sure, I could have turned on the Martha Stewart charm. But why bother? I have LGO in my neck of the woods. Anyhoo, here's a tip, which is going to kill me to share. There's no need to wait in that monster line in the middle of the store to place a food order. It's true. You can place a food order at *any* cash register. I just died a little. Everyone that knew that secret now hates me. (So yes! Head on over to the coffee area and place your food order.)Whelp! An update as I've been prompted. Yes, there are two distinct sides to this operation. The "Grocery" (right side) where you queue up for breakfast and lunch. The "Pizzeria" (left side) where there is everything else. But I don't see a distinct separation. So my review below is of my top faves. Yes, you have to order the items below on the left side. But you can eat them any where you'd like! When you order breakfast/lunch you usually end up meandering over to the left anyhoo, so there ya' go!FOODI'm already a notoriously long writer. So I'm just cherry picking two favorite food items. The roasted chicken and the smoked salmon salad.Por quoi?Well, I had never eaten a roasted chicken quite like the the one prepared at LGO. My supermarket special, which I thought the high heavens of, opening the bag and sighing as I absorbed the heavenly, delightful, smell? That was nothing. LGO's version is an experience. The chicken sighs as it falls off the bone, the skin greeting me with a light crispiness.  If I could recommend anything to pair with this, it would be the caprese salad.Wait? Did I say salad? I found Phoenix's best salad *ever*. The smoked salmon salad was so delightful my dining companion can't wait to order it his next visit. A manly man. Imagine that. A salad that a guy is gung ho on ;) All kidding aside, this salad was filling, fresh and offered a diversity of textures. All while being healthy. Sometimes salads can be...too rich. There was no "to go" box. I ate every crumb to my leggings capacity. DESSERTSI stop in here often for cupcakes and their miniature versions when I have a need to impress. Yes, I cheat that way. (Don't tell my Mom!) A box of their artistic works not only look delightful, they taste delicious. Their chocolate chip cookies with sea salt are ginormous. (And dangerous!)DESIGN STYLEThe first time I visited I was awestruck by the novelty of the store in restaurant concept. (I'll update my review to show Instagram photos from here.) It's just the coolest place filled with the neatest things. If you need a gift to to buy, I'm sure you can find it here. They stock books, cards, t-shirts, mugs, candles, purses, you name it. I bet their buyer has thought of it. (They even have a special section for children's gifts.) WINE/BEER On the Grocery side (right side) of the store where the shopping is there is wine and beer you can buy. Had I not been with a regular I would have missed the obvious. Buy your beverage, meander to your table, drink it. (No fee!) Glassware is in the middle of the restaurant.PARKING & MISCSo yes, this restaurant is popular. Parking can be tight. (But there's now additional parking on 40th & Meadowbrook.) They are bike friendly too! If you have called an order in, don't fret. They have short term parking. Noted clearly with signs and diagonals on the pavement.Clearly, I {heart} this place :)
4	Enjoyed pizza, wings, sandwiches and dessert. Everything I had was tasty. A bit pricey, but def worth it. It is always busy and I was a bit confused how ordering/seating worked on a Sunday afternoon. This is a market/restaurant and seating is next door, but you order from the market. They have cute/cool knick knacks that aren't found everywhere. My pizza order was wrong at first, but they fixed it and it was delish! Everything is made fresh, so you may have to wait for your food.
5	What can I say about this place that hasn't been said before? This place amazing In every way shape and form!
5	La Grande Orange Grocery is always good to me. I love the baked goods especially the old timer cupcake and slice of red velvet cake! I have yet to have anything here that doesn't make my taste buds sing. The folks that prepare food at La Grande Orange are consistently putting out great food. Breakfast, lunch and dinner it doesn't matter, the rich coffee drinks and commuter sandwich and in the morning on their homemade English muffins.  The beautiful salads and scrumptious sandwiches for lunch and for dinner their delicious pizzas and burgers and don't forget their perfect sangria that will sneak up on you by the second glass; you win with whatever you choose. I have learned going early or around 5pm I don't have too much trouble with parking and when the front lot is full then their is always the valet option. , When I want great food LGO is the place I go! Ooh and don't forget to save room for the gelato
5	LGO= perfect. Their gladiator pizza is amazing. The sausage on it is tasty! The burgers are big and juicy and they have the best ranch EVER! It's homemade! Their Ruben sandwich is sooooooo good! Last but not least, they have dessert! They have baked goods and gelato!It's no wonder why this place is packed EVERYDAY!
5	Great Food and great atmosphare!
4	Great breakfast food, specifically the commuter sandwich!  Often a bit of a line due to the trendiness within the Arcadia crowd, but often worth the wait for this tasty dish.  Every other menu item I've had has been good, but not a standout like this one.  A few of my  friends swear by the drip coffee here, but I'm adamant when I call it 'dismal' which isn't a deal-breaker by any stretch!
5	Great for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Never had a bad meal from here. My favorites are the commuter sandwich, the avocado pizza and the sea salt chocolate chip cookie.
5	My all time fav place! Great , fun place. Want beer , wine ,and dessert to go?! Food has always been outstanding huge fan of the roasted corn pizza ADD avocado! I like the option of dine in or out ! Fun time for first date or ladies night .
5	Five. Fat. Stars.LGO (as I learned it's called in PHX) is just about one of the cutest spots I've ever been on my various trips to Phoenix. Coming from Seattle I'm very familiar with businesses that focus heavily on locally sourced goods, fresh locally grown produce, and a strong general focus on being eco friendly while not losing their edge or charm. LGO is like a breath of the Pacific Northwest for me!It's a local business that's your one stop before you head home. Whether you're hosting friends, you're looking for dinner for one, dinner for two, or just stocking up on goods, you're covered here. Racks of wine and champagne can be found along a few walls. On other walls and display shelves you can find great gifts or home wares, plus books, greeting cards, kid's toys, candy, and of course food!There's a chilled fridge with pre-packaged foods like sandwiches and salads, there are cheese selections, pickled foods, and if you want something made to order they do that too. It's literally a godsend for anyone on the go for any meal, or just about any errand that involves impressing friends, coworkers or family. Nothing you buy here is going to waste! I especially loved the reversible shopping totes! The fabric so so gorgeous on both sides that your real dilemma is not about when to use the tote but which side to feature!
5	I worked with Cole in creating a GF dessert spread for an event held last weekend. The entire process - from the initial order, through editing to delivery was smooth and professional. Not only did he deliver personally, but he brought along the Chef. Desserts exceeded our expectations, and we will absolutely be using and recommending their catering services in the future.
5	I come here every day. There's always something that's just perfect like a cup of coffee, a blueberry muffin, a healthy salad to go, sushi, pizza, hamburger and fries... The list goes on. They have anything you could possibly desire including delicious desserts as well. The reason why I go there every day is not just because of the food but because of the fun community atmosphere. I always run into someone I know in the Arcadia community and everyone there seems to be in a joyful mood because of the lively colors and music. La grande orange is the heart of the Arcadia community, hands down! I absolutely love it!
4	This place is awesome! It reminds me of what a local cafe x Whole Foods x gift shop back home would be like if they melded and this was the end product.My mother and I were looking for a place to grab a quick breakfast and LGO was actually recommended by a fellow Arizonian. Plus, this place has rave reviews about pizza and I am all about that! Unfortunately, they don't do pizza until later in the day so we decided on some French pancakes, fresh juice and I got the cucumber salad.-Cucumber salad was refreshing, light and so yummy! Really simple but fresh ingredients made for a great, light meal. Comes with cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, olives, avocado, chives, goat cheese and a lemon/black pepper dressing.-The juices were pulp filled and fresh!-The french pancakes were lovely, you get about 4 crepes filled with creme fraiche, honey and topped with strawberries that are lightly sweetened.This place has souvenirs, wine selection, pre-made salads, juices, pastries/desserts, pizzas, gelato, coffee ... literally if I keep going I'm going to make this my priority destination once I'm back in Phoenix. Such a cute spot to read the paper, eat good food, share a communal table with friends and enjoy the free AC. The workers were nice and cleared plates quickly. It's customers ranged from families, businessmen and women and the like. Definitely going to come back to try the pizza!
1	My first LGA experience...won't be back unless someone begs me. Omelette was served cold, too busy to care what the plate looked like and no silverware clean. The place was packed. Why?
5	Great pizza and atmosphere. Well worth it. Absolutely delicious!
1	Wow. Completely disappointed. I had the commuter. When did English muffins lose their crispness, holes and flavor. Not impressed at all.
5	This place could standalone as a great breakfast/brunch spot, but the adjoining pizzeria and self-contained grocery store send it over the top!  It was as if I never left Seattle walking in.  A coffee stand to the left, pre packaged salads and sandwiches in a to-go area on the right, and a huge wall to wall menuboard full of breakfast, brunch, salad, drink, and bakery goodies!I ordered the croque madame with prosciutto and thought it was very good.  The egg white on the over easy egg was a little undercooked, but the prosciutto was really the standout of the dish.  Thicker than normal cuts with great flavor added the much needed salt to the open faced sandwich.  I really enjoyed the sweet pickles accompanying the sandwich.The parking situation is pretty rough, especially on a weekend.  I was able to snag the last spot in a "25 minute" area knowing I'd pretty much be in and out.  They also have several spots in the front of the store for a "drive-in" type service.  You park, somebody comes out to take your order, delivers your goodies, takes your payment, and sends you on your merry way.  Cool concept for those on the go!They had a check-in offer to receive 50% off a scoop of their gelato that looked delicious, but I already had plans for a frozen treat following LGO.
5	One word ..... LOVE!Totally recommend!
5	If you are a self employed person the bar side scene is gold. Great way to meet other quality people and naturally network. Decent food.
4	I have been to LGO a few times now and every time it's a fun and delicious experience. LGO has grown and expanded over the years including pizza next door, breakfast staples, and a fantastic bakery. My favorite things are the Havana latte and their freshly made English muffins. (The muffins just melt in your mouth - it's like nothing I've had before!) Their bakery items are fantastic as well - especially the cookies. I've ordered a birthday cake from here and it was a decadent delight. The only downside is the parking is extremely limited and it's like a madhouse trying to get in or out. Recently they implemented valet parking, which is heaven sent. Otherwise, if I lived closer, I'd be here every morning! I would definitely recommend checking LGO out.
5	love the casual atmosphere and light food, great coffees
5	I am such a big fan of LGO that I moved in down the street - literally. Parking was often an issue (because it's so popular) that I decided I would move within walking distance so that I could have amazing LGO coffee every morning. I recommend the coffee and the salted chocolate chip cookie. They also have amazing pizza, but that is enough for another review.
5	Today was my first visit to La Grande Orange, and it was wonderful. Seriously some of the best food to the most friendly and helpful staff. I had a great time, and forsee being this a usual dining spot now.
1	Over priced and they forgot my friends pizza order, so I had to wait while mine got cold until theirs came. Took way too long to get my drink refills.
4	Stopped in to pick up some dessert and was helped by a cute redhead who answered all my questions and was quick & efficient. Good job. Even though the place was busy and crowded, I got great service and great pastries. Thanks for the suggestions.
4	I used to go everyday and get their Kale Salad with Quinoa.  It is very tasty but the main problem is that when I want to add protein to it in the form of chicken, it tastes like crap.  Their chicken is stringy and has that gross chicken taste.  So I usually will get the boiled egg on the salad but prefer to have chicken.  If only they would grill some chicken that they could add to their salads.  Also the thai chicken salad which has a delish dressing would be good except their chicken on it tastes like crap.  Not sure why they have this problem.  Also, for health conscious people like myself and a lot of Arizonians, we like to know what we are eating (calories, fat content etc) and they refuse to provide this info.  When I asked for it, they said that if they provided it people would stop eating the food.  Their coffee is still amazing and the pizzas are great if you feel like the calories.  But healthy/organic is not their concern, so I go to Flower Child up the street now instead!
3	I want to start by saying that I love this place! The food, the service and ambiance is fantastic. I do have a complaint however...I feel that management does not listen to customer feedback. Since menu changes seem to be regular it's tough on consumers that fall in love with menu items and expect what they've had before. Since I've been going to LGO they discontinued the white chocolate macadamia cookie, they also stooped making the chocolate chip walnut cookie, and changed the bread for the Cubano Hot Press sandwich to a ciabatta which does not do that sandwich justice from the sour dough they used to have. These are just a few things that I have repeatedly asked about and I get the same reply from the staff, they totally agree and tell me they hear that a lot. Sooooo....you would think something would change but nothing ever does. :(
5	I have only been there once, but can't wait to go back there again and again!!! I had a delicious honey almond milk iced latte, turkey sandwich, and delicious cucumber salad!!!!Everything looks delicious, and the staff are very friendly and make the lines move quickly!I highly recommend this place to anyone who likes tasty, health food!
4	Gave it a second chance this morning after management reached out to me following my last review. BTW...that was very much appreciated. Thank you!!From 1* to 4*!! The biggest difference this time was the crowd. Much better help ordering with less customers this morning. The food we ordered came out HOT and quick and tasted awesome. I'm still not a huge fan of the layout...a little crowded (even with less people) around the counters. I will keep coming back if this experience is repeated.
5	Love Love Love this place! They use fresh ingredients and the pizza is absolutely amazing. I have never been disappointed with anything I have eaten here. The atmospher is nice but depending on the day and time it can get pretty crowded.The price is a little expensive, but it is worth it!
5	I've been to this place twice. It's a zoo! I'm originally from New York so that's fine with me. If you can't handle crowds, this place is not going to be the place for you. I went and had lunch with my family the first time and the food was great. There are so many vegetarian options. I had a kale salad. It was really good. The second time I went, I just had desert. It was awesome. We had the lemon bar, a salted chocolate chip cookie and gelato. It was heaven. The lemon bar was super tart. The cookie had a lot of salt and that brought out the chocolate and the gelato was very creamy. They also sell a lot of fun chachkis and books. I liked looking around the store.
5	Great place for pizza, game watching, and studying. Food is awesome. Im going to nibble on this mushroom and pepperoni pizza all day.
5	Love love love you, LGO.Your tasty pies, your 4 cent sangria, your celery plate for the little one.  Your cheese plate, your super funky super hip soundtrack.Your super cool grocery with books and mugs and coffee.Oh that you were near me, I would patronize you 3x per week - but alas, at 400 miles from home, ours will always be a long distance relationship.
5	I love this place! Grocery store has some cool original items but can be a bit too pricey. The Pizza is awesome my favorite over all the pizza spots in town. Great atmosphere. Parking can be a pain at busy hours but you can also order pizza to pick up and there are open spots to pull up and they will bring out pizza to your car. Prices are good too. Great coffee. breakfast is good too.
5	I have nothing but the best to say about LGO.  I have dined here many times and have always been pleased with my dining experience. One of my faviorite meals to get is the pizza and the salmon chopped salad.  This is a great place to meet friends and family at where you know anything you order is going to taste great.
5	The turkey salad is delicious but the reuben sandwich was amazing. I usually don't even like reuben sandwiches, that's how good it was.
5	Food was delicious! Figuring out the layout and how to order was the hardest part! We enjoyed our meals! Everything was fresh and delicious!        I LOVED the shredded kale and quinoa salad and spicy shrimp roll we picked up from the refrigerated "pre-made" case.     My friend ordered the Daybreaker (omelette made with egg white, turkey, avocados, grape tomatoes)  and French pancakes (crepes)  topped with strawberries, bananas,  and creme fraiche. Everything tasted fresh and amazing.      We also took 6 English muffins To-go as well as several baked items. Among the bakery goods, we chose an apple cookie, some type of decadent double chocolate cookie,  a lemon poppy seed almond muffin, and a salted brownie. Each of them were delightful! I honestly don't remember which were vegan or gluten free because my friend chose the baked goods. Nonetheless,  I was pretty impressed with the flavor and textures!    I've GOT to return with my husband to get his growler filled, enjoy some 4 cent sangria, try a pizza, and grab another six pack 9 those amazing English muffins!  Looking forward to our next visit! If you love fresh, local,  and tasty, or you need vegan, and gf options....you must try LGO! :-)
4	Food is very good.Have not had anything on the menu that was not delicious.Favorite is the pizza, especially the avocado and prosciutto Love the salsa and pimento cheese appetizer!We had lunch there as well. Food was top notch although not understanding how to order in one room and sit in another was a little weird. Crouque madam was out of this world tasty.Service even when busy is pretty good. Only reason not to give 5 stars is the lack of parking although they are getting better at figuring it out Great place to eat!
1	I don't mind spending $30 for Latte's & breakfast for 2 with no service, but it's pathetic I can't ever seem to get my food to arrive hot!  The problems? Many!  We went there again on Sunday morning, November 24th.  The girl taking our order didn't even know what a basted egg was, so I had to order over-medium eggs. La Grande thinks it's cool to have their music blasting so loud you can't communicate with another person.  The bigger problem- counter workers yell out your name when the order is ready, but you can't hear your name being called because the music is so loud.... then they let your hot food sit on a counter with no heat lamps making zero attempt to find the customer.  If La Grande is going to keep the current system in place, which does not work (cold food and too-loud music), they will need to install an intercom speaker which cuts off the music when a customer's order is ready for pickup, so customers can hear their name being called.  By the time I found our food it was completely cold.  (btw, the food is never more than warm here). Upon complaining, a young woman offered to place the eggs, bacon & English muffins in the oven lol.  I refused & asked them to prepare the meals again.  Even after remaking our order, the over-medium eggs had runny whites, the scrambled eggs luke-warm at best & the English muffins were barely toasted (as usual) and barely hot enough to make butter melt.  The latte was plenty acceptable.  I openly told the counter worker, I've been coming to La Grande for many years, but have mostly stopped the past two years because the music is always ridiculously loud and the food is always cold. I expressed my disappointment in spending $30 for breakfast (which I have to pick up at a counter) and never being able to get a hot plate of food. Cold eggs, cold English muffins...YUKK!  I frequent their other restaurant Chelsea's, which does not appear to have any of these problems.  Additionally, what has happened to the "Grocery Store" Part of La Grande Orange Grocery???? Most of the cool metal racks of gourmet food items have been replaced with garbage trinkets such as candles and t-shirts!!!  On top of that, the pastry case has gone way down hill since the exit of Tammy Coe's baked goods.  On this trip in, we wanted something from the pastry case, but saw nothing that even looked appealing, so we purchased nothing from the case!!!  The display tables offering merchandise are far too close to the ordering and food pick-up areas, creating an environment where the customers can barely move past each other within the establishment.  Recommendation- delete 20% of the trinket selling tables in favor of respecting your customers need to walk through the place!  This place has some problems that have been going on a very long time (cold food and too-loud music top the list of issues), plus many new problems.  The owner needs to revisit the concept of "Restaurants 101".... Hot food and doing things which make sense,,,, and remember- just because profits are likely big RIGHT NOW does not mean you don't have problems!
5	I only come to La Grande Orange for my red velvet cupcakes. They are the best! I always judge a bakery's abilities on how well they can make a red velvet cake. There's a thin line between red velvet and tasting like chocolate and so many ones fail. But la grande orange has mastered this art! I always recommend this place for sweet treats and everyone has loved them. I can't speak on much else in the store or restaurant but the staff is very friendly and there's a lot of neat stuff to look at inside.
4	Some posh Francophile friends hyped up LGO for me that I suppose it would be impossible for them to live up to my expectations.The food: very good, if not particularly French. The commuter sandwich is excellent, the combination of smoked salmon and avocado is hard to beat. The French pancakes are basically crepes without any fillings topped with chopped strawberries. Also delicious.The coffee: Excellent. If I come back to LGO it will be for this, and to try the gelato.The ambience: Unique. Lots of useless kitsch on the shelves along with overpriced "artisan" foodstuff for people who correlate better taste with increased spending.The price: Too much. this is why only four stars. The price won't make you walk out, but for what they offer I was underwhelmed. You're really paying a steep upcharge just to raise your pinky in a posh "European" atmosphere.Good for: wealthy Arcadia housewivesNot good for: poor young deal-seekers
3	I don't get the hype? My food came out luke warm, the bacon was cold and my coffee wasn't strong...
4	Interesting little place here! We didn't try any of the pizzas or salad but the coffee was really good and the deserts were awesomeI don't like chocolate chip cookies but I was tempted... Their salted chocolate chip cookies were outstanding.  Possibly the best chocolate chip cookie on the planet??
5	I love this place. The food is fantastic and the atmosphere is great. I go at least twice a week. Ashley is one of the waitresses and she is Amazing, and is one of the reason I keep coming back. I can't get enough of this place. They have yummy appetizers like the ceviche or chip platter trio. The roasted corn pizza is also amazing. Don't forget to try desert, the warm sea salted brownie with a scoop of vanilla gelato is too die for. Definitely one of the best places in the city. Highly recommend!
4	Such a cute place! Simple, delicious food that you can almost convince yourself is healthy. They also sell a variety of knick knacks- some cuter and more reasonably priced than others. Nothing in the market section of the store is cheap, but there is the occasional good find. Overall the place feels fresh and inviting, and I find myself going back for the coffee and baked goods time and time again.
5	I've been here a few times, trying something different each time and I've NEVER been disappointed. My boyfriend and I split a California roll out of the case and it was some of the best sushi we've had. The open-faced Croque Madame is a must try as well!
4	Cute little place which serves really nice sandwiches and salads. We ordered mimosas and turkey sandwiches. Crowd is hip and ambience is casual. Offers a wide range brunch and lunch dishes. Crowded on Sundays but I enjoyed my brunch date here :)
5	This place is just as amazing as I remembered it when I came here 1 year ago! Food: 1) quinoa brown rice bowl: sounds like just a bunch of really healthy things thrown together but it tasted so good! It resembled a bibimbop, had a bunch of different ingredients placed separately into the bowl topped with a fried egg. When you mix everything together, there was this really interesting red sauce that was a little spicy. All the flavors blended together perfectly and it was really flavorful and tasty!2) mushroom pizza: DELICIOUS! I loved the crust/bread part of the pizza. So crispy/crunchy on the surface and so soft on the inside! It's seriously baked to perfection! I've only had crust this good at Urth Cafe in LA! I personally thought it was a little greasy, but the crust was so good, I didn't really care!3) Red velvet cake: I got this 1 year ago when I came, still SUPER GOOD!!! 4) homemade english muffins: I'm not a huge fan of english muffins but these were SO GOOD! It's SUPER fresh, has a dash of sour taste to it, toasted to perfection but soft on the inside, YUM!Service: You order at the cashier and bus yourself. All the people that work there were super friendly and really welcoming!Ambiance: It's a blend between a liquor store (good selection of bottled wines for sale) and a bakery, it's a really hipster and young place. There's moderately loud music playing, the place is clean and looks really new, it's super nice!Price: For the quality and taste of the food, I'd say this place is very fair for what they charge. Overall: I'm in love with this place! I haven't had a single thing that was bad here. I'm going to make a stop here every time I come to Phoenix!
4	great place to eat. haven't been here in ages, mainly because the parking is so aggravating. not many places can you go where people sit for extended periods of time in their running vehicle waiting for a spot...or honk their horn....or look at you with loathe when you take an extra 30 seconds to put on your seatbelt/take down the sunshade...what hasn't been said about this uber popular local establishment? the food is great. my veggie sandwich was thick on veggies and came with a large slice of watermelon. coffee is on the high side, but you can refill it as many times as you want. and they have stevia!the pizza's smelled delicious and all the salads look super healthy. prices are average and the service is always friendly.
5	LGO is a classic place to get a quick bite that's going to be quality.  Here are my favorites: -Iced Coffee-poached eggs and english muffins-any of the salads, burgers or pizzas/wingsThe Reuben sandwich is great too!
5	Met the group for a long run on the canal, then enjoyed a refreshing lemonade and a commuter sandwich with smoked salmon. I love this place. I wish I had one near my house. I would eat lunch here every day and order something different off the menu each time.
2	Ordered a burger medium rare and it came out well done.  Terrible.  They have a limited menu after 5pm. Fries are pretty good though.
4	Dropped in for breakfast with my wife after hearing great things.  The process to order was a bit confusing, but once we connected with one of the cashiers, we figured it all out.  It was a bit of a free for all in the dining room, but we were able to find a seat pretty quickly on a Sunday morning (10:30amish).  The food was incredible...seriously.  I ordered the Commuter Sandwich (egg, bacon, tomato on a fresh-baked English Muffin)...it was fresh and it the spot.  My wife ordered the chicken sandwich...very similar experience.  Ordered a specialty latte as well...very sweet but tasty.  Trendy place, the music was loud, but we enjoyed ourselves and got out of there in under 45 minutes...even though we took our time.  I would go back for sure!
2	Impossible to park. (Small lot and a helluva walk from non-permit streets. No meters: it's Phoenix.)Decent food and drinks.Service can be OK...or towards the rude/don't care side. Depends on who is serving. A very young staff will often yield this result.Too many employees behind the main counter not doing anything. Not a manager-heavy environment.ONE employee at the coffee bar making espresso-based drinks; a counter which is usually backlogged.Too much crap/displays littering the register/order area. Confusing layout, no signage and no line ropes to help form orderly queues.Seating area tables and chairs (in the big room with the grills) often not properly wiped down; crumby.An expensive-ish modern American/gastro-pizza pub-ish menu.Dessert case = a step above Fry's/store-bought.Mostly a scene. Not about a quality dining experience.People go here mainly to say "Let's go to LGO!" I'm convinced if it wasn't for the snappy acronym, business would drop 39%.Super-fancy building exterior and interior decorating though!No thanks.
2	Ok, so you bake the English Muffins..we get it, but are they really worth 10 bucks for 6 of them? This is the theme of this Arcadia joint. The prices for stuff at dinner are unreasonable. It is at least 14 bucks for a burger on a very limited menu after 5pm. The sandwiches at lunch seem tastier and are better priced, so why not serve them all day, plus you cannot find a parking spot during the day either. They also own the fancy pizza place and some joint across the street as well. I ended up with a $3.25 Gluten free Chocolate chip cookie and it was big and gooey and had a bunch of nuts. Not too bad for a cookie in that category. Break the bank at dinner and watch all the lovely Arcadia types wander into this family friendly domain.
5	Five stars- no question about it!LGO is one if my phx faves. I love that they focus on locally sourced goods, fresh locally grown produce, eco friendly goods and of course a true focus on making delicious food! Head there for breakfast, lunch or dinner. This cozy spot packs in so much charm its amazing! You'll have sensory overload upon walking in as you set your eyes in wine racks, shelved lined with gifts for all- from books to candles, candy kids toys and seriously so much more. Everything is clearly thoughtfully selected. You'll want to buy everything! Ready made salads, sandwiches, fresh juices and more will make for a difficult decision, but you can't go wrong with anything here. And be sure to save room for dessert or take some to go! It's simply gorgeous. LGO is upbeat and refreshing. This place can get packed but they manage crowds well and with a smile! Parking is tight, so avoiding peak hours is key. LGO- come to Tucson!
5	I love LGO and Ingo's! One of my favorite places to go and has everything I would ever want: pizza, burgers, salad, sushi, baked goods, sandwiches, breakfast, smoothies, gelato, etc. YUM.  Now I am going to have to make a pit stop in their handy To Go parking spots because I just thought of all their delicious food.
5	The strawberry sorbet tastes like middle school... Sounds super weird but once you try it, you'll understand.
4	I love La Grande Orange. They have consistently delicious food, a good coffee bar, and an all around pleasant space to hang out. That being said, I think their prices can be a bit high for what you get. I ordered the Commuter Sandwich on my most recent visit, and while it was good, it was pretty small (and simple) for $8.50. No side is included. While their food is of good quality, sometimes the price is a bit on the higher side.Though parking can be difficult, I have never had trouble finding a spot on an adjacent street (just be careful to read the street signs!). LGO recently added curbside service, which is a nice idea, but also makes sitting outside noisier and less pleasant. Most people leave their cars idling while they wait for their orders, which is not particularly pleasant. Still, I make a point to come to LGO, even when it's out of the way. It's one of the better spots to grab a coffee and hang out. Definitely worth a visit! But if you choose to sit outside, try the outside area closest to Campbell, rather than the tables right out front.
4	I love LGO! They have the BEST chocolate chip sea salt cookies that I have ever tried! I am also obsessed with their breakfast commuter, it is to die for! This place has such great food, which is why it is ALWAYS so busy, and that is the only complaint I could give this restaurant, but it really isn't their fault... just needs more seating so that it doesn't take forever to find a place to eat.
2	Happy hour menu seemed great until we received the bill and nothing we ordered was happy hour priced. When we asked the server to explain the discrepancy he replied with, "oh I should have explained that better," and then proceeded to walk away. The pizza is worth 5 stars the happy hour menu and service is worth 1. The owners need to have a separate happy hour menu or train their servers to be more forthcoming with correct information.
4	Trendy? Yup. Good food? Oh yeah. Baked goods? Hello diabetes. Good music? Yaaas. This place is definitely a cool spot I always have fun when I go. The staff is super nice. I got the avocado pizza it has arugula and fresh tomatoes and you can add prosciutto for an extra $3 which I did. It was good but too salty I won't get it next time but I will definitely go again. The boy toy got a hamburger good but nothing mind blowing so go for the pizza when you visit. Not sure why it's called a grocery store. It's more like anthro/urban outfitters meets coffee/ wine shop where you can order pizza and sandwiches bc they sell candles and trendy books. That part makes no sense but whatever it seems to be working for them. The over priced impulse purchases aside, I will be going back but certainly not for their vanilla pomegranate jade scented candles or their hipster coffee table reads. Oh and if you go try and go to the pizzeria side it's a full service seating area with a waiter  and drink menu otherwise you're ordering take out and might not have anywhere to eat it. That happened the first time I went. Just sayin.
4	I always go to this place when I visit Phoenix since I have friends that live nearby and I love it for breakfast.  It's a great meeting spot to visit with friends.  I love their breakfast sandwiches and I have had their salads for lunch which are good as well. The only downside is that it's not that big so there is always a line but the food comes up quickly.  You can walk around and shop while you wait and they have lots of cute trinkets to buy.  The quality is decent for the price. The staff is not the friendliest all the time but I haven't had any bad experiences.  I wouldn't go our of your way for it but if you are nearby it's a cute place to stop and eat.  It's super casual and first come first serve to find a table.  You order at the counter inside the store which by the way is not a grocery store, and then can sit next door in the seating area.
5	This place never fails to please me.  If you have out of town guests it's a great place to bring them.  My favorite breakfast is their commuter sandwich with smoked salmon and avocado and I've been here for dinner too and dare I say it?  Their pizza is even better than Bianco's!
5	Always the most enjoyable of experiences! The food was fantastic!! I love the French pancakes! The atmosphere is incredibly amazing! Love love love this spot!
5	Delicious coffee, great food and an incredible atmosphere. If I lived in this city I'd be here on a regular basis. It's a little pricy for the amount of food you get but I think it's worth it.
1	One star for now. Why? Because, they just can't seem to get my drink right. I don't understand what's so hard about getting me a cup of nut mylk with ONE shot of espresso on top, layered. The excuses, "our machine makes two espressos at a time." That's nice dear, here is an idea, just put half of that? I mean it's incredible that the last EIGHT time I went there, they can't seem to get it right. Yesterday, she almost got it right, she put just half the espresso shot but then she mixed the whole drink and I told her that's not what I wanted and I wanted it layered and she said, "what do you mean?" If that was a question, why didn't you ask me when I ordered. Didn't even offer to remake it and she just walked away. I'm sorry but for $6 a drink, get it right LGO.
4	The sea salt chocolate chip cookie is da bomb!! It was SOOO good!! It is also a very big cookie, so I was able to enjoy the cookie for two days. The atmosphere seemed cool, I really want to try their rotisserie chicken, it looked very good.We went to find a christmas gift. They have a lot of unique things so we had fun looking around, but they were all very expensive. We ended up getting the foodie fight game as a gift. I would so go back for another one of their cookies!!
5	Such a cute store! I was visiting Phoenix, and my boyfriend found this place for breakfast one morning. Vibrant atmosphere. Cool gifts. Amazing coffee. Delish food. I had a cookie (salted chocolate chip, I believe) that sustained me through a long flight home. Can't wait to go back when we move to Scottsdale in 2 days! Great intro to the pheonix area. Way to represent!
5	My family's favorite breakfast restaurant.  We live in Tempe and still would drive 15-20 mins here for breakfast.When we came the first time, it was kind of confusing.  Now the weekend rush is just part of the charm.Great pastry but don't show up too late.  Runs out by 8-9am.  Great coffee and ice tea.  Breakfast entrees are typically very tasty.  Can't go wrong with the Chocolate cookie and cake either.Pizza for lunch is typically great as well.  We learned to not add any more toppings to standard menu because it can make the food a bit too salty.  Besides La Grande, Pomo is the only other Pizza place we frequent.
5	Gave LGO another shot and they have forever won back our business. Our servers name was Lindsey and she made our night a perfect experience. Thank you LGO for making it right!
4	After writing my first review the customer service management sent a voucher to retry the food. We went for dinner this time. The pizza was actually really good. I think better then pizza bianca.The service still sucked. When we walked in the girls were all talking. After a few minutes I had to interrupt and ask if we just sit anywhere.The seats and table were dirty.
