4	Score one for hole-in-the-wall, local's hidden gem places!  This place has consistently good food for amazing prices.  Most of their food is fairly customizable in terms of spicy-ness, which I find awesome.  My poor tummy can't handle spicy anymore, and that's made finding good Mexican food that I can actually eat a bit difficult down here.  Any requests to alter food (no/little salsa, no cheese, etc) have always been happily accomodated.  Their burritos, while not the biggest I've seen (that title goes to either Picante in Berkeley, CA or High Tech Burrito, also in the Bay Area), they're pretty damned tasty.  All of the meats I've had are very good.  Granted, I've not tried the ground beef, but I tend to steer away from that unless I'm having a burger.  If you're in the Ahwatukee area, this place definitely warrants a visit.
4	I usually order (and love) their shrimp burrito (i always order with avocado)...most time it is very good sometimes just good.  I went there today, and would rate 3 stars based on today's experience  (the flour tortilla was a little hard, generally didn't taste as fresh).  I am giving a 4 because it is usually much better.  The service is always great too - I believe 3 sisters own the place. Last time we went on 10/23,  the Food Network was filming there- the film crew mentioned they would be profiling this place (showing in the spring) along with Matt's Big Breakfest in the Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives show.
4	The carne asada torta is great. Terrific flavors, soft bread, tender meat. Actually anything with the carne asada or the carnitas is good. And the ladies in the kitchen and behind the counter are super sweet. It's good place to stop by for lunch or you can phone your order in and they'll usually have it ready within 10 to 15 minutes.
4	Probably the best Mexican fast-casual restaurant I have found so far in Phoenix. I too think the carne asada tortas (steak sandwich) are great. I also recommend ordering a torta with the refried beans in the sandwich.They also have great soft tacos with carne asada or marinated pork. You will also find a few exotic plates like lengua (tongue) and barbacoa (beef from the cow's head).Other pluses ... the two sisters that run the place are absolutely gorgeous. And it has a great atmosphere with Latin music playing in the background (not too loud either).They will be featured on the Food Network in Diners, Drive-ins and Dives this upcoming season.The only complaint I have is that their chile rellenos are average at best. Not a five star, but I have yet to rate a Mexican restaurant five stars in the Phoenix area.
5	I saw this place on the Food Network show "Diners Drive-ins and Dives", I had been going to the Chinese restaurant a few doors down and never stopped in until yesterday, and I'm glad I did. This Family owned Mexican Restaurant has been serving some of the best Mexican food in Phoenix since 1981. Run by five sisters and one brother, they have passed down recipes from their families generations, and serve them up with large portions. Unlike the standard Sonaran style restaurants in the Phoenix area, they have brought flavors from Mexico that will thrill your taste buds. Not too hot but flavorful extraordinaire.If your in the south east side of Phoenix, you have to try this place, be ready for the wait though, I had a 25 min wait for food, but it is 100% worth it...Remember to look at the Specials menu, I almost missed one of my favorite dishes chilaquiles, Loved them as a kind and still do, must have with Egg. Funny it was not in Yelp when I went to write this review...
5	After four years of living in AZ I finally found Mexican food that appeals to me and my husband. Lets just say they changed my husbands view on tacos. He never swayed from eating vegetarian burritos until he got a hold of their carne asada tacos. In the last 4 months we lived in AZ we went there almost every week and brought friends, whom now can't get enough of them too.They are reasonably priced, have great customer service and everything we have eaten so far has been fabulous. If you are looking for great food and you're not concerned with being in a fine dining Mexican restaurant, then look no further. We miss you Los Taquitos.....
2	This is an alright place if you haven't experienced some of the much better places in Arizona.  I think it is somewhat overpriced compared to similar restaurants and the food isn't anything to rave about.
2	It was all right. I really can't say anything, to be honest. It's not quite a 3 star, but it's not even really a 2. Service was nice and the people were nice, but the food was a bit..."eh."Nothing to write home about. Prices were nice and cheap.I'll shell out a few more bucks and hit Rosa's. It's more flavorful. While LT has a decent kick, the flavor is a bit ho hum.The tortillas were nice and fresh...that was the best part of the meal. I had ordered the carne asada burrito. It wasn't spiced as much as I thought it would be. Maybe they were hoping the sauce that was in it would make up for the bland spicing.  The sauce had a small bit of kick and was all right. The carnitas tacos were a bit of a let down...the meat was dry, but the salsa was all right.If you're looking for fast and easy, this is it. If you want food brought to you and you can relax, I'd suggest going to a sit down restaurant.This had too much of a fast food feel for my taste.
1	appalling food, unfit for human consumption The food here while cheap, is utterly disgusting, while I am used to spicy food and love mexican food, and dislike the food provided by certain chains, the food here was the worst I have ever come across, the flavors were uniquely revolting, and the food so hot no one in my family was able to really taste the food. While we ordered different items, I do not at all in my right mind recommend the burrito bombero, or in that case anything on the menu.
1	appalling food, unfit for human consumption food here while cheap, is utterly disgusting, while I am used to spicy food and love mexican food, and dislike the food provided by certain chains, the food here was the worst I have ever come across, the flavors were uniquely revolting, and the food so hot no one in my family was able to really taste the food. While we ordered different items, I do not at all in my right mind recommend the burrito bombero, or in that case anything on the menu.- and the other listing which says los taquitos Mexican grill, is the same place as this one, do not know why it is listed twice
5	Thank you, Guy!Went to this place last Friday at lunch, and the line was out the door and the place was packed with people waiting for their to-go orders.  I got the 3-taco combo, and chose chicken, pork and steak.  The pork and steak were incredible and the chicken was great too.  Fantastic flavors.This is not a place you can go and drink beers and margaritas or even get fresh guac, but they serve some DAMN good tacos with amazing flavors.
4	Tried the Carne Asada Torta, it was excellent ! Taco's were great and although I cant remember what the kids had, I know they enjoyed it. The family has been back a few times without me since our first visit. Looks like it's going to be one of our regular stops from now on.
4	I've eaten here 5-6 times in the last 3 weeks after hearing about it on Diner's, Drive-ins and Dives - I live in Ahwatukee and had just ignored this place until i saw the show.I dig the food...the service needs an overhall (but from what I can tell so far, its a just one of the girls, everyone else seems nice). Like I said, I've been there quite a bit lateley and I've gotten the same girl at the counter on every occasion but once....and she is unfriendly to say the least. I've tried to be overly nice to her, say the order real slow, and repeat...and I barely get a smile from her and she has messed up my order twice (this is out of 6 times, so not a good average). She makes me feel like she's doing me a favor by allowing me to eat there...and it's made my wife not want to go back - the only problem......I can't stay away! In the sea of chain restarants in Ahwatukee and East Valley, its a nice discovery. So in short. Food good. Al Pastor burrito and tacos and tortas are killer. Green hot sauce in money.Sevice horrible - I'm hoping someone from the restaurant will read this review and just sits her down...all she needs is to check herself and this place will be golden.
2	What I was thinking on the way to los taquitos:"I hate that Guy Fieri.  What a jerk.  First of all, he pronounces his last name all Italian, and I am 100% certain that he pronounced it like a full on american all his life until he made it on Food Network.  Then, he gets to drive around and taste greasy food all day.  Plus, he looks high as a kite sometimes on air, which probably makes the food even better.  Anywhere from 1-4 reasons to be jealous/annoyed with the guy, depending on who you are."Also:"I wish God would smite Beyonce.  Her songs are the most annoying songs I've ever heard.  If there were a way for her to get smacked into permanent silence, I'd be all for it."And:"I can't wait to eat at this place.  Street tacos sound delish.  Where is it?  Wait--this looks like a residential neighborhood.  Where the hell am I?"Ultimately I find the place and go in.  There's some floozy outside with a huge rack--only pertinent because she ended up being an employee.  Well I guess it isn't really pertinent then, either.Anyway, I'm *wanting* to like this place.  I long to be able to say that I went to a place today and ate food that tasted like pureed happiness.  I want to give this place five stars and brag right and left that this is the place to be.But I don't.  The service was good--the girl was nice (bc of an earlier review I was expecting the worst) and she told me the street tacos were the way to go.  I got the three tacos, one chicken, one carnitas, one steak (asada).  Plus rice and beans.  On corn tortillas.  And I got a sexy-looking bottle of coke.When the food came out, I was devastated.  Where my three tacos should have been, I had three walniut-sized excuses for tacos.  Where my beans covered in mexican cheese should have been, I got beans covered in an afterthought of some white cheese (which isn't what I wanted.  Sue me).  Where my rice should have been there was rice.  1 for 3.The street tacos all tasted ostensibly the same.  That punk Guy Fieri on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives on Food Network made it sound like I'd wet myself with glee upon eating the carnitas, and the lady making the batch acted like they'd be good enough to keep part of the recipe a secret.  They aren't.  That recipe should be open source for sure, so that maybe someone can come along and improve it.  I certainly could.Anyway--maybe it was because he was high as a f*&^ing kite but the food did not taste like magic, it tasted like hot sauce.  And I am all for hot sauce--I'll bitchslap a habanero or two, no problem.  But the issue is that whatever I ate, it tasted like only the hot sauce.  I added green sauce--still the same flavor.  I wanted to be wowed, but instead I thought, "Meh.  I've experienced better."  Which is why you see two stars here.In fact, I don't blame Los Taquitos for doing what they do.  Whatever is fine by me.  But now I kinda wanna slew-foot Guy Fieri just that little bit more for telling me that this place was so good.  If you're gonna tell the world what's delicious, don't smoke out first, because I've been there and eaten a piece of my cat's litter and it tasted pretty decent to me at the time.  Hardly a reliable indicator of a culinary masterpiece.A couple of disclaimers: I don't hate Guy, I have no idea if he smokes out, I'm not judging him or you, stoner.  But I am judging that very average set of tacos.
3	As so many others, I found this place because of Guy on triple d. The room mate and I made the drive down one afternoon for some lunch hoping that the experience would make the 30 minute drive worth it. I was kind of surprised when we pulled up. From the outside it wasn't quite what I was expecting. The place is located in a strip mall and nothing really makes it stand out from the road...but figured maybe all the awesome was on the inside. We get inside and there are quite a few people. There aren't too many tables and almost all of them were taken. I grabbed the only one available that someone had been recently sitting at and just cleared some of the mess left on the table away. I stepped up to the counter and placed my order for a chicken chimi. It ended up taking a bit longer than I would have expected, but when the food came out it was pretty good. Let me say this now, I'm comparing this place to the Filabertos and Rudolphos and etc. With that in mind, this place is great. The flavor of the chicken is unlike any you would find at those other locations I mentioned. If you compare it to that of items found at other diamonds in the rough, I think it falls short. It is for that reason I give this place 3 stars. If I lived closer to this place I'd eat here on a regular basis I'm sure since the food is not at all bad and the prices are worth it, however I'm not sure why this place ended up getting a spot on triple d.
4	The fish in the fish taco was grilled, not fried (which is usually how I prefer my fish tacos).  And while it was well-cooked (meaning not dry), overall it was a bit too salty for me.  But I certainly can't say it was lacking in flavor.Now the carnitas taco was fantastic.  It was delicious.  Great texture, great flavor... just a great experience in general.  They don't overcomplicate anything.  It's the tortilla, the carnitas and the usual onions, cilantro and hot sauce.  Just enjoy.Mind you, we came here immediately after having eaten at another restaurant (the fourth restaurant out of five we hit that day), and even on a full stomach, this taco was still that good.
3	Tried Los Taquitos today for lunch for the first time based on YELP reviews!  Once again - Thanks YELP!!The food was excellent, I had the fish tacos, and my lunch date had the carne asada and lengua tacos - all were excellent.  We plan to go back there and experience more of their menu (I'm a sucker for Pozole - looking forward to trying theirs).The restaurant is a bit cramped during the lunch hour with the people in line to order tripping over the people waiting for their orders and all being elbowed by the people trying to either pick up their food when it's ready or fill their drinks ("bit cramped" was an understatement).  Our plan of attack for future visits is to go at an off time, possible for a late lunch, hoping it won't be so packed then.
4	My 3rd review of a Guy Fiero-visited joint.. 2 here in Phoenix metro and one in Flagstaff.This is TRULY a little strip mall dive.  Walk up and order, industrial-strength seating (i.e. hard/indestructible), etc.  None of that is a bad thing at all.. just trying to be sure everyone's expectations are set properly.  I wasn't sure if this was a sit-down joint or not, based on all I'd seen/read.  Now I know.  Frankly, I prefer it this way.The tacos looked mighty good and I HAD to try them.  But I was also lured by the cheese crisp, with carne asada.  $6 for a combo with no steak, only $6.75 with.  Holy cow, there was a TON of steak in this thing, and it was humangous!  But it wasn't what I'd call a cheese crisp, it was really a quesadilla, at least by all of my past Mexican food experiences.  Nonetheless, it was pretty tasty, and a BIG meal by the time you threw in the beans & rice (which were very average).  I also got a chicken taco, on corn tortillas.  The tortillas are tiny, but they load the thing up with a lot of meat and fixins, so at $1.15 (!), they're an awesome deal, and VERY tasty.On the Brak-o-meter, the taco rates a solid 5 stars, the cheese crisp a good 3.5 stars, and value rates 5.. for a composite average of 4 or thereabouts.  I wouldn't necessarly advise you to drive way across town for this place, but if you're anywhere in the immediate area or passing through, it's definitely worth a bite.
4	So I tried Los Taqitos for the first time today after seeing it on Diners Drive Ins and Dives like so many others, and I'm always on the lookout for good Mexican places. So far this is the best one of it's kind that I've found in my 2 years of living in Phoenix. I got the 3 tacos, rice, and beans combo and it was really delicious. I got 2 carne asada and one chicken and although both were good the carne asada takes the cake. The tacos were fairly small but the plate was more than filling. My boyfriend got the carne asada burrito and he said the meat was kind of dry but the meat in my tacos tasted really good so that may just be a matter of personal preference. All in all 4 stars and I'd definitely go back!
4	This place is supposed to be all about the tacos and between the meat choices and tortilla choices I think you could have around 10 different tacos, but they are traditional tacos with just meat, onions, and cilantro inside of 2 small tortillas (corn or flour.)  The problem with this is that I can't eat onions or cilantro... at all... I hate them.  So, I went with tostadas.  I had 1 chicken and 1 carne asada.  I enjoyed both very much!  The tostadas are very simple; layered bottom to top are: tostada shell, beans, meat, lettuce, cheese, tomatoes.  Both the chicken and carne asada were very flavorful, and while the beans were a bit watery, they tasted really good as well.The place is tiny and crowded, but the service is very friendly and I think the quality of the food makes up for the downfalls.  This is probably my favorite Triple D place so far.
4	This restaurant was not my favorite.  We visited this restaurant when we traveled to Arizona this summer for a family reunion.  After seeing it on the Food Network my expectations were a little high.  First of all, the camera angles made me think the restaurant was big when it was about the size of a Subway restaurant.  We almost had to leave because there were no seats available.  There were about 8 of us and we did not want to have to take our food to go.  Fortunately, two tables ended up leaving and we were able to sit down.  I got the three taco meal. I guess I should have realized that "hot sauce" meant hot but I was just thinking "oh it'll be a little spicy" NO! I took maybe two bites and couldn't finish.  I had to trade food with my niece, I ate her quesadillas which were pretty good and she didn't seem to be phased by the hot tacos.  I definitely was not satisfied when I left, I basically ate off of everyone else's plates.  If I ever return to Phoenix, I probably won't be back here.  There are several restaurants in Atlanta that are Food Network worthy, in my opinion this was not.The customer service was very good, the ladies were very nice and excited that we mentioned the food network.
4	We happened to be passing through Phoenix, and checked it out after hearing it was featured on diners drive ins and dives.I ordered 3 hard chicken tacos and a chile relleno - food was definitely solid. The chile was very large, and actually a chile, not a poblano.It was crowded but our group of 9 had no problem getting a few tables together as previous diners left.
4	I probably would give it somewhere between 4 and 5 stars. I had been wanting to try this place after seeing it featured on Food Network since it is only a few miles from my house.My boyfriend and I went and as soon as we walked in it smelled amazing. There were quite a few people there but the service was fast and friendly. There seemed to be a lot of people coming in from the bike shop next door which is always a good sign.I ordered the carne asada torta and a marinated pork taco and my boyfriend ordered 3 carne asada tacos and we shared a soda and it came to about $13. The food came out quickly and was hot and fresh. I do not like very spicy food and I thought that the spice was perfect. The hot sauce was great; it had a slight after kick and a great sweetness too. I personally thought that the carne asada torta was the best part. The bread was absolutely delicious. The tacos were great too, although I think the carne asada ones were better than the pork. I was not a HUGE fan of the tortillas, but they were certainly authentic. I just prefer flour tortillas I guess and should have ordered them instead of the corn. I would definitely return to Los Taquitos and I am looking forward to trying other menu items!
4	I recently met with the lovely Georgie S. for lunch at good ol Los Taquitos. I am absolutely certain that I gained no less than seven pounds in this sitting between the bean & cheese with Pico De Gallo burrito and the Chile Relleno. Yeah, that is right, I ordered and ate two full meals. What can I say; I like good food. Especially Mexican food. Little shop (Probably 10-15 tables) conveniently sandwiched in between Walgreen's and Safeway so you don't end up shopping on an empty stomach. That could be really dangerous. Cheap. Filling. Fattening. Yummy.
4	We found Los Taquito's before Triple D did...and we were almost disappointed that it was going to be on the show. We didn't want to find the place so busy at lunch that we couldn't go there....TOO LATE. :) Seems Guy let the cheese out of the taco. It's always busy at lunch. Dinner isn't so bad during week- busy wise. Now the food...my hispanic husband loves the place, as does my son...it's not that I don't...but honestly we eat there so often that I'm getting a little burnt out right now! That's a good thing - if you've never tried it before... YUMMY. Love the nacho's...messy- they are so high! Love the green chili - not hot, flavorful but not hot. My son tried the green sauce on his tacos once and they were so hot they were kicking his butt, so the kind gal that works there gave him a whole plate of cheese to tone it down. It helped a little...but how kind was that.Anyway--- please stay away...or if you have to go...save us a spot for 3! :) e
3	I saw this on DD&amp;D a few weeks ago.  It is a little bit of a drive for me, but I decided to take my daughters over there for a Saturday lunch.Once I walked in I realized I had been here before a few years ago with a friend that lived in the neighborhood.  He really liked the place.  I ordered tacos, chicken, pork and carne asada.   I got an enchillada for the girls. The girls didn't like the enchilada and the sauce seemed pretty boring and kind of sweet.The rice was about as plain as could be, but the beens were kind of special.  They were closer to straight pinto beans then refried beans.  The were lightly mashed with plenty of bean chunks in a light sauce.  The bean flavor was strong.  The girls liked the beans mixed with rice and I enjoyed the beans and mexican cheese.The chicken taquito was the best of the bunch.  The marinated pork took second but was a little dry.  The carne asada brought up the bottom.  It had a bit of a gassy taste and was far behind the great carne asada at El Sol.  The tacos here are small as the name suggests but three of them are plenty for a lunch.  I would like to go back for a Diablo burro and to try the fish tacos.Overall this is an above average fast food place and the best place I have found for street tacos.
4	This is the definition of a dive.  It does have some really nice artwork on the wall, and the decorations are quaint.  This isn't the kind of place you go to because it's novel or for any other gimmicky antics.  Nope.  You go here for the down and dirty cheap food that's rather delicious, and you don't mind coming back again and again for.If Mexican food is your thing then leave your high-brow at home, throw on some low class and have some Los Taquitos, hot and spicy tacos on the cheap.  They don't serve beer but they won't stop you from bringing your own XD
4	The fish and shrimp tacos here are very good! Service was excellent and very friendly. I went around 2pm on a weekday and the resturant was about 1/3 full so I didn't have any trouble getting a table with my friends. This is not a real big place, they have about 10 tables. Everyone had tacos in our group and everyone liked them. I love their hot sauces, they are very good! I realized when I hit my navigation this place is close to Goodspeed Performance Lab where I hang out alot so I plan to be back often.
4	Yes, it's small and smacks of a fast food joint, what with the molded plastic booths and the plastic trays and plastic utensils. But all of the food is homemade and above average for a typical strip mall Mexican place. I'm a regular and have figured out what I like, but if you are new to it, you might not stumble on your faves immediately.I, for one, love the shredded beef and both kinds of pork, which are marinated to the point of being saturated with flavor, in a good way. Beans and rice are average. I don't care much for the enchilada sauce, but I love the corn tortillas, so I'm good with the tacos.Today I tried the sopes, which I haven't had in a long time, and they were wonderful. It's like a tostada, but with a thick cornmeal crust instead of the usual crispy fried tortilla.Now, this is not "go-out-of-your-way, travel-across-town, God-it's-awesome, Guy-Fieri-is-a-genius" wonderful. It's more like, hey, I'm in the area, I need a decent Mexican fix, and there's no place better for at least 12 miles, so let's stop in and we will be fat and happy for the next six hours.
4	As stated in an earlier post.....this is truly a little strip mall dive, however the Taco plate was outstanding. and is the closest I have come to Dave's Tacos in Bakersfield, California.Next time for me a full plate of Tacos only (not that the rice and beans were bad.....just want more Tacos)
4	My coworkers go to Los Taquitos for the women, I go to Los Taquitos for the tacos. Specifically, the hard shell tacos. They are literally the best hard shell tacos I have ever had in my entire life. Carne asada, chicken, fish, it doesn't matter, they're all delicious and incredibly flavorful.There is nothing glamorous at all about this place. Strip mall location, plastic tables and silverware, whole nine yards.  That said, the food really is fantastic and the price is right. I usually get out of there at lunch somewhere between $6-$8 and I aint mad at that.Just do yourself a favor and don't go during the week their episode airs on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives on the Food Network as the line is out the door.
5	Great "quick service" Mexican food.  Nothing too fancy, the food here is great.  Line can be long at times, so I always call the order in about 10 minutes before I get there.  Not everything is amazing, but their best items can't be beat.  In my opinion, here are their items, in order of awesomeness:1) Marinated Pork Burrito1a) Shrimp Taco (Fish is great too)2) Bombero Burrito  (very spicy, so watch out)After those, it's all about personal taste.  Great place, high recommended.
4	I don't know if Los Taquitos qualifies as a "dive". It's more like a fast food joint for authentic Mexican food. I mean, is in Ahwatukee, in the middle of a suburb, between a Safeway and a Walgreen's. Maybe compared to other restaurants in the area it is a dive I guess.....It's just that to me, a dive is kind of sleazy, maybe not in the best part of town and you feel a little dirty when you get out of there, and that can be good or bad (depending on what good of a time you had)Anyway, went there to try it as is 5 minutes away from me. Like others mentioned, it's a small place. I went Saturday night, people were coming in and out picking their food and some were eating there. I was too hungry to do take out so I ate in. Ordered a chicken hard taco, pork soft taco and carne asada sopes. Food took a while, which surprised me as they weren't really busy, but it was probably because it's made to order. My food was hot and steamy when I got it and it was goooooood!! Should have ordered more, my favorite was the sopes and carne asada. The salsas were flavorful and while I usually prefer red, I liked their green salsa better. Service was prompt, the young women that worked that night were very nice. I'm glad they're close to us, as we'll visit often.
2	Nothing special. Truly a dive. Almost a dump. But nice people and ok food. Drove 27 miles to check it out because of the TV show. Wasn't worth it.
4	Tried Los Taquitos for the first time the other night and really enjoyed it. Definitely fast food Mexican but it was tasty. I tried the sopas, one chicken one beef, with rice and beans. I've never had sopas before so I wasn't sure what to expect. They were kinda like tostadas but they're not on a hard shell, it's a softer, thicker base if you will. Each one was loaded with meat, beans, lettuce and cheese. They were very filling. Between the two of them and the rice and beans I couldn't finish. The beans were fine, simple refried beans. the rice was just okay. Not bad but I've had better. The boyfriend ordered soft shell tacos. They were tiny. We've seen this before, there must be a certain region of Mexico that does tiny tacos? I dunno, it's kinda weird. They're like taco sliders. But he said they were good. So order several if you're hungry.We went on a weeknight and the place was very busy. A constant line at the counter. The best was the guy who came in and asked if the order his wife called in was ready. The girl at the counter said "what was it?" and the guy answers condescendingly "I don't know, give me a hint." Why would they know what your wife ordered dude? But they actually handled the guy well considering what a douchebag he was being.I would go back to Los Taquitos but I don't know if it would be first on my list.
1	I drove from Prescott to try this place.  I was going to be in Phoenix that day and needed to try something other than my usual DDD place, Chino Bandido.  Let me start by saying that I love Guy's suggestions for the most part.  Salsa Brava in Flagstaff is excellent.  Everything Guy described and more.  The same goes for Chino Bandido in Phoenix, it's just as he described.  I tried Roberto's at the gas station that was also highlighted on DDD.  It's slightly better than Los Taquitos.  First off, Los Taquitos had no fountain soda, it was out of order. I ordered the 3 taco plate because the atmosphere was questionable.  The place wasn't as clean as I would like so I wanted to order safe.  My husband ordered the relleno plate.  My taco shells were burnt.  His relleno was soggy.  The only good part was the rice and beans.  I didn't see any chips and salsa on the menu either.  The bathroom was pretty bad too.  The floor was filthy and there was a hole in the wall that was stuffed with t.p. Don't get me wrong, I can slum it for some great authentic food but I don't see the appeal of Los Taquitos.  I felt ripped off and regret going.
3	A friend of ours invited us to join him and his family here for an impromptu low-key birthday dinner recently. Low-key it was, but tasty. I don't ever voluntarily just go out for Mexican food. I just don't get excited about it. There isn't anything about Mexican food that I love and just have to have. But if I have some, I enjoy it. I would have given this place 2 stars, but "Meh... I've had better" is not quite true. It was good, in and of itself, I can't really say I've had better. I've definitely had worse!So here we were, at Los Taquitos, having, well... taquitos. The name is appropriate. These tacos were tiny street tacos. My husband and I had a pork, chicken and steak taco, with some rice and beans. I could do without the rice and beans. They weren't very exciting. But then again, the place is not called "Los Rice & Beanitos". The tacos were delicious, loved the flavors, and would probably only order the carnitas tacos if I ever find myself there again. That was the best one.The birthday boy and I wanted to cap off the meal with a Flan, but were bummed to learn they'd already run out for the night. Boo.
4	I grew up on Mexican food, and I am really picky. I'm from San Diego and I miss miss miss the taco shops I grew up eating at. I had up until this point settled on Fili B's because every taco shop in AZ I have tried has disappointed me. Until Los Taquitos!  I have now eaten at Los Taquitos 3 times! First time I tried Carne Asada tacos and Carnitas tacos, both were really good! The Carnitas tacos were moist and flavorful! WOW! We also had a quesadilla, and it was creamy buttery deliciousness. Have had both items a second time and I am still SOLD! Oh and their Salsa's are really good, too! I also tried their Pozole, which was a good size portion and very flavorful, a little too salty for my tastes, but I would order it again for my Pozole fix! If you are looking for a new taco shop...maybe you should find a different one because this one is mine now and I don't want to share! Just Kidding! Oh and here's an important tip if you like Mexican food...Don't order Tamales at restaurants or taco shops, if you have had a real tamale made at home. They are always too dry and disappointing! And I don't think you can judge a TACO SHOP by an enchilada/tamale...try a taco or burrito...I truly believe that not everything at one restaurant can be great! In my opinion!
5	(Edited 12/6/2012 to 5 stars from 4, because I have to compare how good these guys are to the 2 years of Mexican food shenaniganery that we have been subjected to in, of all places, L.A. Alright, back to the original review.)Being from San Diego as well, taco shops are hard to like in Phoenix.  This one isn't.  We went there because of Guy Fieri.  But the carnitas is why we go back...4 times since November.  And we live in Queen Creek.  It's a taco shop.  Taco shop = street food, not fast food.  Street tacos are small.  Thankfully, so is the price.  $1.25 each.  That means I walk out full with authentic Mexican food cravings satiated for $5.  My wife's favorite - carne asada and carnitas tacos.  While the carne asada is good to great, the carnitas is excellent.  Both have the typical onion/cilantro accouterments with red hot sauce added..  The carne asada has tasty guacamole added also.  I'd prefer they leave the sauce off and give me the option.  They have a green sauce also.  Both are delicious.  The carnitas burrito is what I want, though.  First time I ordered it I asked for no beans (a burrito with beans is a strike against them) and got a flour tortilla packed with melty, juicy, glorious carnitas meat.  If you're looking for pure, concentrated, braised pork flavor get the burrito sans beans.  Other notables:  the chili relleno, the sopa (topped with any meat you'd like.  We, of course, tried the carnitas).  I waffled between 4 and 5 stars because of the aforementioned bean faux pas, and their signature burrito, the Bombero, just didn't cut it for us( consider this a 4.5 star review?).  The sauce was a hybrid between enchilada and american barbecue sauce.  Weird.  But the insides were still great.  Try them.
4	Great tacos! We stopped by here when we were moving accross the country because we had seen it on DDD. We were not disapointed! They have very authentic taco's. It's a little place but their taco and taco sauce have huge flavor. I had carne asada and the carnitas taco and both were comparable to what I could get at the better places in southern CA. I also ate a tamale and it was pretty good for a restraunt tamale. If you are in Phoenix and want some mexican food, go here. you can easily find out why if you search for it in youtube.
5	On recommendation from food network I came here and had tacos:  carne asada, and marinated pork and carnitas pork.  The tacos were the best ice ever eaten anywhere.  If I could explain the absolute explosion of flavor in my mouth in a word, it would be inappropiate for children... They are that good!   I also got a tamale that was a little dry unfortunately but I'll give them a pass on it.   I have a Arizona carne asada burrito waiting for later.  The girl at the counter said they are even better if you take them home and eat them later.   Outside watching people coming is comical.   Customers walk toward this place with such intent in their step as if the food were about to run out!  They scan to the sides eyeing up other people also making a bee line to the door and you can see them speed up...  I mean it is that good.  I'm from Baltimore and here in Phoenix looking for the best tacos... I beleieve I've scored!
4	I gotta say, I was honestly going to rate this place at three stars until I read Abe S's review and was reminded that Los Taquitos is definitely solid.  He's dead on - although there are better tacos in Phoenix (ie - the McDowell Taco Corridor!), Los Taquitos does a great job and has food that's just...well...good!  I always go with a carne asada taco and a tostada.  The tostada was awesome.  It was literally like six inches tall with lettuce, delicious meat, beans, and cheesy goodness.  The taco was good too, but as I mentioned, there are a few places out there that are tough to beat.The shop is definitely nice, and it's in a really nice area too which is a rare plus for me.  Everyone was super friendly, and I would definitely go back should I be in the area.
4	Great food and great service at great prices.  People from my office consider this the standard for a quick, cheap, and very tasty lunch.  This is honestly my favorite workday lunch spot.  Mexican food is definitely my Kryptonite, so I feel comfortable recommending this place. :)
4	I had the luxury of living across the street from Los Taquitios. I stumbled upon it going to the grocery store one day about 3 years ago. I get the same thing almost every time...3 little carne asada tacos. OMG they are heavenly. I don't usually get a taste for beef but when I do I am headed here. The meat is tender and the seasoning is perfect. The rice and beans are great too. My only complaint is they don't give you enough rice and beans on those little plates.One day I come into to get my usual and I see that Guy from DDD is coming to do a piece on Los Taquitos. I think great. The family works hard and the service is always great, friendly and fast. I come in months later after the show aired and I waited in a line practically out the door. The place was a wreck. However, the food was the same delicious Mexican food I was use to. I still go there regularly although I moved 15 mins away. As a matter of fact I have a taste for some taquitios now. Might be lunch. Anyway I have been back after my not so stellar encounter after the show aired. It appears my favorite Mexican spot is back to what I consider normal. Now a heads up this is a little whole in the wall place. So be prepared. I tend to find these places are the best.If you are in the area definitely check out Los Taquitos and try my 3 little carne asada tacos. They are the best.
4	Another winner for Ahwatukee!  This morning I had to run to the grocery store to pick a few things and decided to get some major points with the BF by bringing home a breakfast burrito!  I got there around 8:20 and saw on the door that Los Taquitos doesn't open until 9 on Sunday.  No biggie, I thought.  It should be around 9 by the time I'm done at the store.So I take my time browsing the grocery aisles to ensure a 9 am departure.  Walk in the door of Los Taquitos at 9:00 exactly and am successful in getting order #1 for the day!Chorizo and potato for him, tacos for me.  As much as I love the breakfast burritos, I find them a little too heavy for me first thing in the morning.  So I started getting two tacos instead.  Usually, I get one carne asada and one chicken, on corn tortillas, of course!  The meat is delicious, the taco is tasty, and it's a perfect way to indulge in the goodness of Los Taquitos without feeling like I need a nap right after breakfast.The service is quick and friendly, the place is clean, and the salsa is good (I prefer the green over the red, or both)!  As Guy says "winner, winner, chicken dinner!"  Well, I know he isn't the only one that says that . . . but he does work it in quite often!  Ok, and this isn't exactly a chicken dinner . . . but, you get the point, right?  Just go to Los Taquitos! =)
4	I have eaten here a few times.  It's pretty good as far as street tacos go.  Not many places other than Mexico that you can get those...Today I had the Bombero Burro with chicken.  OMG this was fabulous.  It was pretty spicy - for those that don't like spice - don't get it because you won't be able to eat it.  But if you are a fan of spicy food - this is what to order (with your choice of meat of course).It is a pretty good sized burro - I couldn't finish it all - and trust me, I tried.  I ordered it a la carte - there is a combo option - but again, it's a huge burro...This place is nothing fancy but worth a stop in.
4	We were staying at a hotel nearby and found the reviews for this spot. Boy are we glad that we did! We are constantly on the hunt for great tacos in any city, this was definitely one for our list. We ate here for dinner both nights we were in town. The majority of the meals ordered were the 3 taco plates. One carne asada, marinated pork, and carnitas, served with yummy rice and beans- the tortillas were very good too. This is definitely the plate to get here. I think that the carne asada ones were the best. Normally we order all of our food medium spiced, but beware of the red hot sauce that they put on the tacos. My daughter somehow got an extra dose on her tacos and was having a hard time getting through the burn. This somehow justified the obscene amount of Fresca's ordered. :) If you are remotely sensitive to heat, order your sauce on the side.
2	I saw this place leaving Safeway and wanted mexican food, I checked my  yelp mobile app. and got really excited when I saw the reviews. I bought a few different burritos and brought them back to work. Bean burrito pretty good. I was really excited about the carne asada burrito, the meat was tough a dry no one actualy actually ate more than two bites. I am a mexican food snob but, no one was really a fan. It was a tough call between two and three stars but, after the carne asada I just couldn't give it the third.
5	While visiting from LA my wife and I yelped this place and decided to give it a try. I usually judge a Mexican restaurant by it's salsa because there are only so many ways to make tacos. So with that said let me tell you, the red and green salsa were exploding with flavor and just the right amount of heat... The bomb!!!! I had carnitas tacos and the carnitas was probably the best I have ever had! The red salsa complemented the tacos without taking away from the flavor of the meat! I also had a cheese enchilada and the enchilada was just as good as the tacos...very authentic!!!! We have a lot of good taco joints back in Los Angeles but Los Taquitos was soooo good I tried to talk my wife into moving to Pheonix.
4	4.5 stars.  I had their Bombero Burrito with green chile for the first time today...was SOOOO good.  I disagree with Shaun C.  I love the sauce they have in this burrito....
5	I'm from California where there is a Mexican food joint on every corner and when I first moved to Phoenix a year ago I've been on the hunt for a legit Mexican food place, not a Filiberto's or Macaios :P. Living in Ahwatukee, the only legit places I was able to find up until a month ago was in central/downtown Phoenix (Rosito's and La Canasta). As much as I love those two places, the drive sucks! After all this is Phoenix, there has to be a good place right by me!Finally, I was advised to go to Los Taquitos from a friend of mine saying they have BOMB carne asada so I had to go see for myself as Elliot Rd is down the street from me (YES!). When I entered this place, it felt like home as it reminded me of one of my favorite places I used to go to back in Cali. It's clean, the staff is very friendly and their salsa is awesome! I personally like the green over the the red but they're both good! You can choose a la carte or a meal plate and they have a breakfast menu to boot! Now was the carne asada BOMB? YES! The carne asada was to die for, it was juicy and cooked just right. The tacos are small-ish but hit the right spot without putting you in a food coma afterwards. I usually have 2 or 3 (if im starving) and I'm in heaven. I go here about once a week for the tacos and I am never dissapointed. The burritos are excellent as well and are medium in size, again they don't serve the super XXXL burritos here which is fine with me because I don't like the food baby feeling I get after eating one of those bad boys! Oh and I forgot to add that the tacos are CHEAP, $1.15 a piece. If you want a 3 tacos plate, its 6 bucks, comes with rice and beans. So for the south phoenix/ahwatukee/chandler peeps, I recommend this place, its delicious, cheap, and clean as well!
3	A-OK indeed.I got three carne asada tacos.  The meat was a bit chewy/rubbery, but I did love the toppings and the itty bitty corn tortillas.  Eh, I'll be back.  I think I'd try some other sort of meat next time though.
5	Great taco shop!! Must get the tacos! Been back a few times and haven't found anything that I wouldn't order again. Great food, fair prices.
4	I met my cousin here for lunch, and we were really happy with the meal.  The place is a less than impressive on the interior, dingy booths, long and narrow.  It's terribly crowded up by the counter, not a lot of room to order and pick up your food.I do question how a place can call itself "Los Taquitos" and then not have taquitos on the menu, but I went for the flautas instead.  They were good, but what set the meal apart were the beans.  The most flavorful beans I have ever had.  If you told me these were magical beans, I would have believed it, but I wouldn't have stopped eating them to plant one and see.Service was quick and friendly and there was plenty of seating, even during the lunch rush.  Looked like a lot of people get orders to go.  I'd like to go back and try a few other items on their menu, if they come with beans of course.
5	My g-chat status has been set to "Los Taquitos FTW!" for about three weeks now. No, not because I am too lazy to change it, because I pretty much eat Los Taquitos every single day. If you are a follower of mine, you have probably learned by now that I have an obsessive personality, especially when it comes to food. The problem is, it is SO good here I JUST CANNOT STOP.I cannot eat the a-la-carte Chile Relleno anymore (not vegan), but it is so freaking good and I really wish I could. My friend recently got it in burrito form and I think it was true love.Dallas G. loves the bean burrito with a little guac on the side. There is something about their beans that make you salivate just thinking about them.But, here is what just makes my soul sing: The three hard taco combo. I get it with beans (no meat) and no cheese, and add pico. I get all beans with no cheese on the side. I lather that ish up with the green sauce, and suddenly all is right in the world.The clock just struck 8:30am... guess what that means? That's Right! TACO TIME!
4	Good food!  I learned of Los Taquitos from Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives, and had to check it out.  The place is tiny, but it was packed the entire time my friend and I munched down on their tasty bites!  I ordered the Bombarro (?) Burro, as it was made on the show, and its HOT! But so good!  I ordered my husband street tacos to go, and he inhaled them.  Best advise would be to call in your order for pick up, as not much seating available because of the seemingly non-stop flow of customers.
5	the bomb! and cheap!
5	This place rocks! I had the shrimp in ranchera sauce and it was great.  The price is right and it's a clean joint. The chile, rice, beans, and tortillas were also great.
5	Freshly made and delicious. Also, a good price!
4	Thanks Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives, the carne asada rocked my world! Great little place with really good food for a good price!
5	Real Mexican food and ridiculously cheap prices!  The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.  It is like eating the most melt in your mouth pot roast ever.  It may be a but mushy for some.  Carne asade was good.  Pork wasn't as good.  Arizona Burrito was hearty... lots of potatos cheese and steak.  The green sauce was tasty, the red was not.  Minuto was interesting, but I wouldn't get it again.  Just fill up with delicious tacos for under $1.50 each!
5	I'm a BIG fan of Los Taquitos! I've been searching for a nice hole in the wall taqueria since I moved from California in 2009. . The tacos are superb. You can mix and match meats-carne, pollo, pork etc.  I could have probably eaten about 10 tacos.On my taco combo place (3 tacos, rice and beans) i chose 2 carne and one marinated pork. Both flavors were excellent. I think I may have preferred the pork slightly over the carne. Both meats had a little bit of a bite, which is nice.I really liked the taste and texture of the rice. The beans were good, not my favorite refried beans I've had. Coke products are served out  of the fountain. There is also bottled Coke and Orange Crush (personal favorites) among some other sodas..The menu is pretty diverse and has all the standard fare-tacos, burritos, tamales, tortas, enchiladas etc.Overall a great meal at a very reasonable price per dish.Can't wait to head back and try other items!
5	I don't know how a place like this, that serves the quality of food that it does, and has the seating capacity of 5 is never crowded when I go in.  The tacos here are phenomski! There is no other way to put it, carne asada, cabesa (head), lengua (tounge)-my mouth is watering right now...This place will give you the shitty-rickity cart flavor of a taco shack taco without the worry
5	I really enjoy this place! My husband and I have been searching for a great Mexican place since we moved here (2 years ago) and this is it!  I've been 3 or 4 times and have taken out of town guests here as well.  I LOVE the tacos. They are incredible.  Prices are very reasonable.  My husband generally orders a burrito of some sort and the quesadillas are way bigger than my kids can eat.  I have two kids (1 and 3) and I'm glad I don't have to worry they are going to break anything (there's nothing to break..) - plus they do have high chairs!We found it by looking at the Diners Drive-in's and Dives website. We have yet to be led astray by Guy Fieri!
4	I am not a fan of american mexican food, good thing they don't serve that fare here. The taquitos take me back to the streets of tijuana without the risk of "after effects" :)
4	Excellent food...nice moist tamales, great carne asada...ordered $45 worth of food and it was all good.  The service is excellent as well.  Very nice people.  Highly recomended.  Its funny but in Arizona, where you would think you would find bomb mexican food, good authentic mexican food is rare.  I love this place...will deffinatly be back!!!
5	This is my new favorite small restaurant for Mexican food! I have been here 3 times and liked everything I ordered. The chile relleno burrito is great. The Arizona burrito is really a treat with the added pieces of bacon inside the burrito with potato and meat. I went last Friday for a business lunch and had the tacos. They are to die for! Ok!  fellow gringo's don't forget to ask for some limes to squeeze on top of your food. It will really give your food that bam!
4	Love, love, love Los Taquitos!  Their carne asada burro and their quesadillas are stellar.  What's even better is that their prices are so reasonable.  I am never going to Taco Bell again.
4	Great family restaurant. Hate the chains.. They have Al Pastor (pork on a spit). Serve breakfast all day! $1 for a large drink. All good
5	Go here!!!  Excellent hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint.  I've lived in Phoenix for eight years and love Mexican and this is now my favorite option for cheap and tasty Mex.  The meats are at the core of what makes this place special.  They have unique marinades and they cook their meats just right.  The carne asada and carnitas are the showstoppers.  It seems like there's just a little twist to everything they do, like using red onions with the carne asada--atypical, but what a great combo.  They have special salsas for each dish, and you generally don't need to add anything, as the food is packed with balanced flavors.The burritos and tacos are kick-ass, and the horchata is awesome.  Don't miss this place.
4	can we have a moment of silence for the carnitas street tacos?let's pay our respect for the carne asada. what is the secret ingredient in those beans?? i can't pin point it but those beans are something else. we wanted to try it all, so naturally, it was the 3 item combo platter: 1 taco, 1 tamale, 1 enchilada. the friendliest girl told us they were known for street tacos and we should have listened. everything on the plate was great but it was all about that taco. i thought i knew delicious but it reached a whole 'notha level after eating here. my recommendation: street taco combo plate w carne asada and DEFINITELY carnitas. then drizzle on some of that green salsa they have. welcome to bliss.they are a tad inconsistent but it's still really good, some days are just off the charts goods.
2	Thought was supposed to be HOT, but was'nt more like tooo sweet!!!I got the Fireman carnita burrito really was disappointed so far Arizona's Mexican foods is way to BLAND and wife has'nt found any she likes!!!The girl that took my order was nice and polite and the carnita meat tasted good but that's all !!! my 2 star rating is on the high side!!!
3	My husband and I stopped by this place after we saw their owner (I think) on Guy's Big Bite show.I ordered Carne Asada Burrito and he had Carne Asada Torta. We also ordered two tacos since we read they are famous for it.Their service and food was okay (ehh). If you are not fan of onions ask your order to be without it (they put gang of onions). Their hot sauce was definately kicking.However, their meat was extremely well marinted (which is a big plus for both of us). Our overall experience was alright. Nothing to dislike but nothing to rave about.If you love authentic tacos, this just might be a place for you.
3	Kinda torn about this place.I'm a "hard shell taco" guy.  Just never have developed a liking for soft tacos.  I love tortillas, both corn and flour, but as a taco, I just don't dig that style.  If I want a soft tortilla, I'll order a burrito.OK, enough about me.  On to the Los Taquitos review.The Good:The beans were very good.  Darker in color than your average re-fried beans, and had a "fuller" taste.  I and my 11-yr-old daughter both nommed the heck out of them.The Carne Asada was very well-flavored and barely not too dry,  "walking the line" between moist and dry.The salsa they provided in a plastic squirt bottle was VERY good - the right amount of heat (more than average) and with a good chile taste.  Had my daughter searching for watery relief.The kids liked the chicken in the tacos.  Noticeably moist and flavorful. My daughter was a big fan of the cheese on the tacos.  Not sure what kind it was, but it was good.The "Not-So-Good":We had the hard shell tacos.  The shells were "VERY" hard.  Hard to the point that the whole taco collapsed after the first or second bite.  If they changed to a slightly better hard taco shell, these tacos would improve quite a bit.The marinated pork was very dry, and neither of my kids liked the taste of the seasonings.The meat portion of each taco was a little on the "skimpy" side.  We had massive amounts of shell left over with no meat remaining, after the tacos fell apart and we started eating the pile.The "Blah":The rice was standard, very bland.So, all in all, this is a decent place.  I've been eating Mexican food in Texas, Arizona, and in a few other countries for most of the last 35 years.  This place is an above-average spot which could improve.But anyone who says this is the "best Mexican food" has just not had enough of it to know better.
4	UPDATE:If you like food that will burn your mouf a little bit and make your face sweat, go with the Bombero burrito.I went back the day after my 3-star review (see below) and had a carne asada Bombero to go.Not for the Wimpy Of Mouf.VERY.  SPICY.And I'm not a heat wimp.  I'm the person in my circles known as the "he likes it HOT" guy.Living in AZ since 1995, I've only been to three places in AZ which have dishes hot enough to burn me and make my face sweat:1.  Los Dos Molinos.2.  Arriba (the side order of Hatch chiles - dare you to try the whole thing at once).3.  Now, the Bombero from Los Taquitos.I hereby improve the ranking from 3 to 4 stars based solely on the heat and tastiness of the Bombero, so take that for what it's worth.
4	The food is the reason for the rating.  I've tried almost all of the caucasian-eating food on the menu (i don't do tongue or internal organs).  Everything has been excellent, and the red sauce ties it all together.  The only distraction I had was the service.  Maybe they were too busy, maybe the place is too small for people over 6 feet tall... i'm not sure what it was, but all the employees I've seen are cold, impersonal, and stiff.  It could also be a first-impression thing, because of an incident that happened during my first visit.  I had ordered and paid for my food, then I backed away from the counter so the next group in line could order (remember, this place is too small).  The employee yells out my number for pickup, and when I raised my hand, the cashier hands the tray to me over the heads of shorter customers at the counter.  I didn't mind since I'm a little taller than most, but I felt for the ladies under my tray.If food is your thing, then you need to try this place.If service is your thing, then you should keep searching for another place.
5	One bite and I was transported back to the crowded streets of Monterrey.  I could almost smell the exhaust of the vochos and hear the distant conversation of the local policia extorting their prescribed mordida.  Quite simply, this is the taco as the way it was intended by its creators.  The pure and unadulterated classic enjoyed by the Mexican working class.What Pomo is to pizza, this place is to tacos.  Authentic...absolutely authentic.
2	I'm afraid this is one of those "I wanted to love it, but..." reviews. We had an assortment of tacos and burritos.  They were fine but absolutely nothing special whatsoever.  Yes, they were authentic Mexican tacos (i.e., not Taco Bell) but is that really supposed to be something special in Arizona for cryin' out loud?   It's not like we're in Canada here, people.I saw the piece on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives where they made a big deal about their variety of salsas and how people came from miles around to buy them.Seriously?  They had exactly two salsas.  Again, they were fine, but nothing special and nothing at all like what we saw on TV.  We ordered chips and salsa and got a small little french fry tray of chips with no salsa.  I asked the girl at the counter for salsa and she pointed to the same two bottles. Ah, ok.  Woo hoo.I would happily stop there if I was in the neighborhood but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
5	My son comes here for the tacos but I am all about the chile relleno.  I never had one with potatoes inside, but oh my, this was the best!  My only recommendation would be to order it dry, with the sauce on the side.  I am counting the days until I get back to AZ.  The new location is so much closer to us, I plan on trying all of their menu, but....but... that chile relleno is ....calling....me.......! The tacos were very very good though.
5	This place is awesome...the staff is great and the good is even better!!! If you want authentic, chronic mexican food this is the place :)
4	This place was featured on "Diners, Drive Ins and Dives," so I had to visit when I was in the area. It's run by five sisters (all beautiful). This is not a restaurant or a cafe in the usual sense, although there is limited indoor and outdoor seating. There is no table service, and don't complain about the wait. If you want fast "Mexican" food, go to Taco Hell.  This is a hole-in-the wall place in a strip mall that serves great food, according to the people who go there. Most of the lunch crowd were laborers and working types, waiting patiently for big orders of take out. The young woman at the cash register (wearing a tank top declaring, "boobies rock," with a pink breast cancer ribbon logo) is pleasant and efficient. When she bellows out your order number you wonder where the sound came from. She just grins.I've only eaten here once, I admit, but the marinated pork burrito was to die for. Spicy, just the right amount of heat, with bits of cilantro adding just the right notes.
4	The food here is pretty good. I've had quite a few things off the menu and am yet to be disappointed.  It's definitely not the cheapest place to eat but the food is worth it.  I've only been here around lunch time and if you're there during the peak times for lunch, it gets really busy and it's hard to find a place to sit.
5	Best AUTHENTIC Mexican food ever!! Very inexpensive. The sisters that work there are really friendly and make you feel like you are coming into there home. Every time I go there I leave with a smile on my face. It really doesn't get any better then this place. Cannot save enough good things about this place. It is a MUST stop to visit.
3	I've been wanting to try Los Taquitos even before I knew it had been on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and I finally got the chance.  The inside it exactly what I expected, nothing fancy, booths and some tables.  I found it a little odd that the counter where you order is so small and the drink lids, napkins, condiments and plasticware are right next to it.  If there had been a line it would have been very awkward.  I ordered a chicken burrito, enchilada style with rice and beans and a drink.  When I went to get my drink they were out of Diet Coke, it came out as just water.  Ok, I thought maybe they had been super busy as it was about 1pm on a weekday.  Lunch rush perhaps.  I took a seat and waited for my number to be called.  The burrito was good, nothing that knocked my socks off but a decent burrito.  The rice was nice and fluffly but the beans just lacked flavor.  They were blah.  Will I come back?  Sure but I will try the tacos next time and hope that they can rearrange that counter a bit.
3	I'm all about the local haunt, and this one being literally down the street from me, I had to give it a try.  The one thing that I LOVE about Los Taquitos is that in Arizona (where people mistakenly assume that the Mexican food is good no matter where you go), they are proving that a delicious plate of food doesn't have to come at a premium.  You could go down the street to Macayo's and get a meal for twice the price and half the flavor.  More than price, value is king these days, and Los Taquitos knows the drill.I tend to judge the quality of a restaurant on the goodness of their machaca, and Los Taquitos does an excellent job for the low price point.  In their burritos, quesadillas and tamales, the meat is flavorful and moist.  I second the vote of others on the rice and beans being tasty - I particularly enjoyed the rice in its fluffy, flavorful goodness.  It didn't taste like an afterthought.  Spring for the side of guacamole - it's a welcome addition to the plate, particularly if you're sopping up the whole mess with a bag of chips.My husband and I ate like kings and didn't even manage to kill a $20.  That's some real majesty.  We'll be back for seconds, I promise.
4	worth going to.  i'm from nogales.  i'm so darn picky, but this place is great.  at least as good as it gets in phoenix for sure.  it's worth the drive when time permits.  i always order the quesadilla with carne asada and add guacamole and beans.  yum.  they have yummy horchata too.  honestly this place and america's taco shop are the only two places i really like in town.
4	Oh bomberro burrito how I love you so.  Their homemade spicy sauce is the tastiest blend of hot spicy flavor and sweetness that I've ever had.  It's basically ketchup with lots of spice, but wow is it good.  They should package this stuff and sell it!  I order the carne asada, but I'll warn you it isn't the best carne asada I've ever had.  It's above average, but sometimes overcooked.  It lacks sufficient marination and seasoning to be considered among the elite carne asada in the valley, but it's fresh and grilled to order, so you can't complain.Their fish tacos are above average as well as their other tacos.  Their rice and beans are average as well, but nothing spectacular.It's a bit over hyped, but I would recommend it just for the bomberro burrito and decent prices.
3	Good food. Very simple menu. I tried the street tacos and the 'bombero burrito'. Street tacos were good, salsa selection is somewhat limited, but that's ok, the tacos are good and the pricing is justified. The bombero burrito is also decently priced, its an interesting taste, and it was a new taste for me. Not a bad thing to try. I like this place, but I've had better I think. Although, if you wanted carne asada and were on Elliot and I-10, I'd go here. Carne asada is much better than the stuff from next door.
4	WOW!! Glad we finally made it to Los Taquitos!We came for our 1st (and certinaly not last) visit to LT and gotta tell ya - there is a good reason there is a buzz around it!The Carne Asada was very tasty in my street tacos, the carnita and pastor meat were very tasty and tender.  Their "hot" sauce in the bottles on the table is a good blend of taste/sweet with a little heat.Can't wait to go back and try more from the menu!
2	This place was featured on Diners and Dives, so we had high expectations.  We had 4 types of tacos and a shrimp burrito.  The carne asada tacos were the best ones, but the meat was a bit dry.  The lengua was alright but the pieces were too big.  The shrimp burrito had very few small shrimp in it.   We live in Scottsdale, and I don't think we'll make the trip to eat there again.
5	Okay we all know Phoenix basically blows for Mexican food. This place however will rule you. No frills here, order your food at the counter, sit your ass down & squirt salsa on your chips out of a ketchup bottle until they call your order # to pick up. Usually when you don't see allot of white people at the establishment, it's usually a good sign you're gonna get some son of a bitchin' authentic Mexican food. Friendly service compliments the excellent food, making the overall experience well worth it.
5	Like everyone else, I saw it on DDD. I love good mexican food, and this was GOOD. I was really curious about their carnitas that they cook with sweetened condensed milk (or maybe it's evaporated) and I was surprised how tender and flavorful they were. The carne asada was super good. I don't know what it was marinated in, but it seemed to have way more flavor than I am used to in carne asada, and I mean that in a good way. I loved it. I loved it more than the carnitas that I was looking forward to! Their horchata is also really good. Rich and creamy with visible spices. Definitely not the typical fountain drink style horchata. I would go back in a heartbeat and look forward to returning to Phoenix to do so =)
3	Service 5Food 3Cleanliness 3Atmosphere 3Value 4Pros:Good valueQuick ServiceCons:Little GreasyWas trying to find somewhere close to eat and landed here. I had seen it on DDD before but have learned that doesn't mean great food.. just.. interesting food. I have no real complaints. The service was quick, the prices were low, the food was decent. The whole experience was just above average. With so many other great places in the valley I an unlikely to make a return visit anytime soon.Onto the food:Chile Relleno:The sauce was great, the breading held up pretty well. It was slightly undercooked so the pepper was still very stiff. Had to hack away at it with a plastic knife to cut a piece. As usual it was filled with cheese.. and unusually filled with diced potato. This was a new one and I'm not sure what it really added to the dish. Initially I thought maybe just extra filler to cut down on the cheese needed, but there was plenty of cheese. Good but far from the best.Hard Shell Tacos:This place is known for its street tacos. So just stay away from the hardshells. You'll be glad you did.Street Tacos:Carne Asada:There was a lot of bold seasoning going on here. Street tacos are notoriously two/three bite'ers so I didn't really get to break it apart. If I went back I think I might get a burrito to really get a good amount of the carne. I sometimes worry when things are so obviously heavy seasoned that they may be covering something up.Al Pastor:Very strong citrus flavor. Almost like the marinade was made with fresh juice that had been cooked down and condensed. It was very salty and pretty greasy.Carnitas:Not to bad.. Had a decent flavor but again was a little over salty/greasy.Rice:DecentBeans:Really liked these. They were very rich and creamy but still with some whole bean texture. I'm not sure they can taste that good without lard but I suppose its possible. I've never been afraid of lard anyway ;)Cheese Quesadilla:Flour tortilla filled with mexican white queso. Was decent but nothing to super special.Green Salsa:Bold, spicy, and very heavy tomatillo flavor.Red Salsa:I liked this one. It was a good combo of smokey, spicy, and a hint of sweetness. The smokiness I'm sure came from a heavy dose of chipotle.
5	Most authentic mexican food in AZ finnaly! You can feel that the quality of food comes from the fact that the establishment is still famil owned and opperated.
4	Just visited Los Taquitos for the second time recently and was again very pleasantly satisfied with dinner! My date had 4 street tacos (Carne Asada) on flour tortillas and they were great! I had the Chile Relleno Burrito and it was awesome! Both of the sauces (green/red) are great to add to any dish as well. I couldn't decide on which one I liked better so I just dipped alternating bites into a little I put on my plate. Four Tacos, Chile Relleno Burrito and two bottled sodas totaled $13! Can't beat that deal!!! Can't wait to go again! Yum Yum!!!
4	Visited early November.  Few tables so getting there on off-hours proved a wise choice.GREAT carne asada (street) tacos.  Must have eaten 8 of them.  Had the refried beans also which were tasty.  They give you like 4 choices of salsa in squeeze bottles for whatever your palette or mood which was great as I could combine a couple to get exactly what I wanted.Service was fast but slow enough to know that they made my tacos after I ordered them.As good as my favorite stand in Tijuana?  No but about the best I've had on this side of the border so far.
4	This is not just another store front taco shop.  It has quality and variety and value.I stopped in here on a rare rainy day for lunch and was shocked by the long lines at 11am. The phone was raining with call in orders and the line grew. This was a good sign.There is the over head menu full of the usual Mexican taco burrito total fare, and s small black board with specials. I overheard the lady in front of me asking for a veggie burrito $.3.50 (a black board special) and to get it toasted.  I decided to do the exact same and added some chips for $1.  The burrito was great filled with beans, peppers onions and more. The toasting made it quite hot and added a extra crunch to the tortilla I could have lived without. The hot sauce was still hot from cooking, a decent Smokey spice note and very thin, I really liked it. The chips came in a small paper  tray not much for $1 but they were good and thick.Despite the crowd seating was decent with many 4 and 2 person tables in the long narrow setup.There is a small soda fountain with the usual. And a free spiced carrots that were great, mostly spice not vinegar! I will be going back to try other items.  Casual fast and decent quality.
4	Aside from the fact that I specifically asked for cheese in my burrito and did not receive it, it was pretty good. The girls working there were super sweet and the service was fast. I got a carne asada burrito and will say that it was tasty. It had a good portion of meat, beans, and rice (except no cheese..arrrgggghhhh HULK SMASSSHHH!!!!!) and the cilantro and onions complimented the burrito. They could do with a bit less salt on their meat  and perhaps the burritos could be a bit bigger (then again I eat like a 400 pound man so I can't judge small portions.)I will definitely be returning there again in hopes of getting cheese to go into my burrito. Would recommend this place as a good lunch spot :)
4	I met up with a friend for dinner here the other night. It's a little far from me, unfortunately; if this was within a few miles of me, I'd be here a -lot-.  For starters, the place is easy to miss. It's a hole in the wall. It's very small inside, only a few tables; definitely consider takeout.   That said, if it's not busy, don't be afraid to stay. We ate in; when there was a significant lull in the crowd, the girl behind the counter came both to clear our tables and to deliver a second item I ordered a bit later in the evening. I wish I'd been carrying cash, there is a tip jar by the register, and I would have loved to have left something for that.   The food...ah, the food. Great bang for the buck. Have I had better tacos? Yes. Once, handmade by a Mexican immigrant my mother was good friends with, as we joined her for a family dinner. In restaurants? No. This is good Mexican street food, small hand made corn tortillas with flavorful, moist meat on them, and some warm salsa on top. Lovely. They even offer lengua, for those that like it, a very nice touch.   As others have said, the rice is very good; I wasn't actually that fond of the beans though.   Is this place worth going 20 minutes out of your way? Unfortunately, no, hence the 4 star. But is it worth going to if you're already nearby? Yes, very much yes.
4	My boyfriend recently moved to Ahwatukee and we'd been on the lookout for another dive-y Mexican joint to replace our beloved El Bravo in Sunnyslope. After hitting two pizza places on a Monday night, both of which were closed, we made our way over to Los Taquitos. It's a bit easy to miss, tucked between the Safeway and Walgreens on Elliot and 48th st.Right away, the place showed promise. Total dive-y interior, but without being dirty or unwelcoming. Counter service, formica tables/booths, fluorescent lighting, etc. We ordered and sat down to await our hopefully-tasty dinner.While this place is no El Bravo, it was very, very tasty. We both ordered the #31, a Chimichanga combo plate (he got the steak and I got the grilled chicken), and fountain drinks. All total, the bill was under $19! I was pleasantly surprised to notice that the chimis were served with sides of sour cream and guac at no extra charge. Tasty guac, too, if not a little salty. Excellent rice and refried beans. So many Mexican places seem to serve the rice as an afterthought, but here it was very flavorful.The chicken in my chimi was very tasty and cooked well. My bf's steak chimi was very good, the meat had a great grilled taste. Two kinds of bottled salsa on the table, one green and one red. I only tried the green and it wasn't that flavorful really. Just sort of spicy.We were really glad we finally made it to Los Taquitos and hope to come back soon :)
5	The best street taco's i've had.  As authentic and cheap as it gets...If you do take out, pick up a bombaros burrito for lunch for the next day as well, its really hot, but tasty.Don't tell me ATF or any other spot is better, they dont come close unless you like your "street tacos" with sour cream, cheese and lettuce LOL.
3	The beef soft tacos were truly outstanding.  I should have just quit right there, because I was really disappointed by the enchilada (bland sauce from a can, hardly any cheese) and tamale (dried out and flavorless).  Beans and rice were just there, nothing special.
5	TACOS TACOS TACOS.FINALLY. The BEST Carne Asada, I have ever had. I tried the Bombero Burrito - $4.95ish with Green Chile pork inside. SPICY. AWESOME. The burrito is served Enchilada style, with a smoky chipotle sauce on top + cheese. an awesome burrito, and a great value!The real gem at this little place though are the Carne Asada Street Tacos ($1.15 each!) . Perfectly marinated meat, not greasy, high quality, and served on the most delightful little corn tortillas.  I've eaten a lot of BAD Carne Asada in my life, and I'm thrilled to finally find a place that makes it so well!My co-diners had Shrimp Tacos, and a combo plate that had a tamale, enchilada, rice and beans.. both of those were under $7.... they were good, but I'll say again, Carne Asada is the *star* at Los Taquitos. I even had a few more Tacos for dessert. :P  Bright, joyful, warm staff... seats are tiny, and so is the dining room.. but I'd sit on the side of the freeway to eat food from here, if I had to. :) IT IS SO AMAZING.
4	I finally got a chance to check out this Diners Drive-In and Dives spot.  I am glad I did as the food was good and they serve posole  on a daily basis.  I got the posole and a shrimp ceviche tostada.  The tostada was great nice and thick to hold up with the ceviche on it and not get soggy fast.  The flavor was great and there was plenty of shrimp.  The posole was good not as spicy as I like but that was fixed with some Tapatio sauce and then it was great.  If you are in the area I recommend this place and I will be back for sure to try the tacos eveyone is raving about in their reviews.
4	I really like this place! Saw it on Diners Drives Ins and Dives even though I don't really like the show, I still gave it a shot. I'd been craving some better mexican foods because everything I've tasted was... sad. I was pleasantly surprised that this family owned shop was delicious. I love the bombero burrito because the sauce is spicy but still yummy! A lot of hot sauces are just spicy with no yummy. This has officially become my mex spot. :D
5	LOVE LOVE LOVEMake sure you get the carne asada tacos with the corn tortillas and red sauce. They are just about the best damn tacos I've ever had anywhere. They are pretty small, even for street taco style, but I don't give a crap. I could pound 9 of those things in one sitting no problem and not have any issues. I also had a carnitas taco, which was good too but the carne asada is hands down the way to go. I also had a carne asada burrito, which was okay, but the flour tortilla was kinda bootsy. Stick with the tacos! Also, the staff here is SUPER friendly and the food comes out in a timely manner. Here's the kicker... I'm from California and was just in town for biz. I know Mexican food obviously so this stands up to any of the joints around here as well. I ACTUALLY ORDERED 6 TACOS TO GO AND TOOK THEM HOME WITH ME ON THE FLIGHT BACK TO CA. That's right, the tacos are that good. My girlfriend tried them, even a few hours old, and said they were delicious. Of course, getting them right off the grill with the tortillas with a light crisp is the best way to go!
5	Love los taquitos....real Mexican food...the rice does not have peas and carrots in it like a lot of the fake places...the Carne Asda and chicken tacos come with the double tortilla....AWESOME!!!!
5	Absolutely as good as it gets when it comes to awesome "hole in the wall" Mexican food. From the outside you wouldn't be tempted to go in, but I heard some very good recommendations, including the fact that a national tv show went there and gave it high praise. Trying it out however, I was BLOWN AWAY. First thing I noticed walking in is that the place was packed. All the booths were filled, and a fairly long line led up to the register. The next thing I noticed was the nice ambiance. Real latin music and a VERY NICE mural on the right side of the restaurant gave the place a nice feel. Check out the mural if you go in, IMHO it is something special (I was surprised that noone who worked there could tell me the name of the artist-I would like to see more of his work). Then there was the food. IMHO, every thing was both high quality-and authentic (no caucasian [I am caucasian] wimp down). Excellent beans and rice, and wonderful main dishes. I particularly liked the chilaquiles for breakfast, and want to try some of their other breakfast fare, which I believe will be amazing. I true Mexican (no caucasian wimp down) food lover, I will be back to this place many times and give it my highest recommendation.
5	I couldn't even think of putting into words how great this place is. The tacos... they are the best. Really truly the best I have eaten. Super small place with just a few tables but worth it 100%. Go get the number 1, 3 tacos, rice and beans. Asked for the threaded pork and you will not be sorry.
4	Great street taco's! My husband and I  love to try little dive's and this one was worth it, not too far of a drive for a good burrito, we recommend the bombero burrito . Hot, but sweet ...hard to describe, but after the first bite, you want another bite.
4	This place has amazing street tacos! Anyone who says different has never been to Mexico and ordered "taquitos" from a cart on the street and so they don't know what they are supposed to taste like. + Yes, they are supposed to be small. + No, they are not supposed to be crunchy + No, they are not supposed to have sour cream or cheese on them + If you think they are dry or need more flavor, that is when you add hot sauce, squeeze some lime on there, or add in some spicy carrots or garnish with cilantro, cabbage or radishes. Just like when you get a hot dog off the street in New York City, you can add toppings to your liking... However, I believe that the way they serve these tacos here is perfect and they should be eaten as is. I have tried each kind and depending on the type of meat they have it marinated/cooked with different seasonings and topped with a different salsa that compliments the meat perfectly. The rice and beans that come with the combo plate are also very authentic Mexican home-style cooking. I sampled the flan and I can say that it is definitely homemade though I didn't think it was that good. It is also a big plus that they serve Menudo and Posole all day long, even on weekdays. I have not tried the soup but my hubby says the Menudo is as good as his mom's so that is saying something. Prices are also very reasonable. And the service was pretty good for an order-at-the-counter type place. The only reason I am not giving the restaurant 5 stars is b/c of the location itself. It is extremely small, to the point that while ordering and getting drinks from soda fountain you are bumping into people. Also, there are not many tables so you will have to wait if you dine in. The place looks like a dump, anyway, so I would recommend just getting your food to go. There are a couple of tables outside but you are right on the sidewalk of the shopping center, facing the parking lot. I wish I could take the food from this place and put it into a nicer location. Then, it would be perfection!
5	They have the best tamales in town!
4	I had the 3 taco combo (carnitas, beef, and chicken) with beans and rice and added a fish taco.  Each one had it's own specific flavor and topping.  Everything was extremely fresh.  I think that the fish taco was my favorite.  The rice and beans seemed like they were good and you could tell they didnt come out of a can.  I didnt see any beer, which would have been great with the tacos.  But oh well. The mural itself is worth the trip.  it's really awesome.
4	Three carne asada street tacos with cheese and the green salsa make me very happy!  Tried other items but I always go back to the tacos so im now in a committed relationship:)
5	Carne Asada tacos were the best I've had.  Shockingly low prices.
3	Just got back from Los Taquitos. Picked up the 3 tacos combo. I got two fish and one shrimp with rice and beans for $6.75 plus tax and I also got a horchata. There are a couple thing I want to address. First off, the horchata was overwhelmingly sweet and grainy and this is because it is sitting in a container with spout on the bottom, so all the sugar and everything settles there and gets poured into the drink. It tasted almost like bubble gum. Easy solution, get a circulating fountain like most mexican restaurants have or even a container and ladle it out so it can be stirred, like I had in Mexico.Ok Food, The tacos I had were really good, I just hate that they are only 3 bites each, I could eat like 10 and I'm a small girl. The street tacos in Mexico are bigger for sure. The shrimp was so tiny, like the smallest salad shrimp and there was 3 on my taco, so that just shows how small they are. The fish is good, but it is chopped up so it looks like chicken and kinda tastes like chicken and doesnt have much flavor on its own. It comes with just lettuce and pico which is fine, I would have preferred cabbage like in Mexico. I was offered one of each sauce. A spicy chipotle and a really spicy green. Both are good, the green a lil better. Rice and beans are good, nothing spectacular. I was a lil disappointed that i didn't get lime and napkins and a fork. I could have easily grabbed it myself but I was in a hurry.I should also mention that the first time I went, my partner did not like the bombero burrito at all because it was drenched in the chipotle sauce, so if yo don't like chipotle I wouldn't recommend it.As for the place itself, it has a good ambience. The counter girl is friendly. The mural on the wall is pretty badass. No table service so expect to wait for a number to be called.Overall it's not a bad spot, probably the only lil mexican taco shop in Tuke. Please take my suggestions about the horchata and putting napkins, silverware and limes in the to go orders and consider upping the size of your tacos, I need more than 3 bites each!
4	Los Taquitos rocks!  The carne asada burrito and the cheese quesadilla  are my favorites!
4	I did catch an episode of Diners, Drive-in's, and Dives and since they did get Matt's Big Breakfast right, I was hoping for the same for this place. I have to say the Bombero burrito rocked! It was so tasteful with the right amount of heat (certainly not 5 alarm, but nice), and other Mexican spices. The kids had two $1.15 taco's each which was the right amount for them (if you're an adult, I would probably get 4). The place is tiny, not the best setup, but the line moved fairly quickly.  I'll certainly be back, it ranks up there with Carolina's as one of my ATF for Mexican in the valley.
5	My first visit was to the 7000 N 16 St Location, Wed, May 4. I ate steak burrito with a Sprite. Sooooo yyuuuummmmyyyy. The BEST ever tasted, EVER!! Clean and comfortable. "Yesi" was very hospitable, explained the different menu items for me. I will frequent Los Taquitos.
5	Saw them on the Food network for having some of the best street taco's so we had to come here! We weren't let down!! They are the best I've ever had. I can't put my finger on it, I think the secret is in the sauce but it might just be some kind of perfect mix that creates magic in my mouth! This is a small little space but when we went it was PACKED! The service was fast, they are cheap and the food is fantastic. I'm glad they're just 10mins away but if they weren't I'd still travel many miles for a taco from here.
3	Los Taquitos is good, you will like it, but it's nothing extraordinary. It's another place I don't quite understand why is on the Food Network. I like their carne asada and the way they season it, I like their beans, pretty wonderful and light, I like their salsa though it has a little too much cilantro for me, and the chorizo is pretty dynamite. The problem is that aside from the carne asada being a little more consistently good, I don't think it's any better than Filibertos. And Filibertos has the advantage of drive-thrus, quick service and basically no waiting in line. I would never discourage anyone from eating here, I totally support Los Taquitos and will eat here a bunch more times without question, I just think it's a little hyped up. Stop by if you're in the area, but don't make it a trek just because it was on TV.
5	Real.Street.Tacos: cilantro, onions, lime & hot sauce. Reminds me of taco joints in Chicago. Save the sour cream & cheese for taco-smell. The downside is the place is usually packed for the lunch rush so go a little early/later. I'd love to see Los make a food truck!
4	Had the 3 taco (fish) combo.  Great portion,  great price.  Place was packed pre-lunch crowd.  If you are a fan of street tacos this is the place to go to.
5	Tacos, tacos, tacos......how can something so simple be this great? Having seen this place being featured on DDD we had to try it out and it was worth every penny! I have a thing for always trying the "odd" menu items so I've tried the tongue tacos and cabeza (head/cheek) burrito and to me there is nothing better on the menu! This place is rather small which makes it perfect if you're there with some friends or a special someone! My friend loves the shrimp ceviche though I havent tried it myself. Go to this place for some great authentic, local and quite tasty food.......probably some of the best the east alley has to offer!
5	Seriously the best street tacos/burritos North of the border. DO NOT spend another $ at Taco Bell, Del Taco, Macayo's, On the Border,Burrito Co.-NOWHERE! Why would you when this gem sits neatly tucked into a local strip mall?! For $5-$8 you can have the most authentic Mexican food around. Family owned, and operated by the "sisters" -Watch the Diners Drive ins and Dives Food network show, it ROCKS! Peek through the pick up window and watch everyone feverishly chopping, stewing, and griddle-ing EVERYTHING. Carnitas-Bomb! Carne Asada-Wicked good. Chicken-Superb. Homemade Habanero sauce is on FIRE! So are their other sauces(red or green in your own squirt bottle). Only complaint is layout of the place, when it's busy you'll see. 50%  of the restaurant's seating area are for separate boys/girls restrooms. They need a remodel, but that won't stop me from becoming the Duke here.
4	Big fan especially when I have a hankerin for burrito. Easy to carry out, we love to eat at home with the dogs. A street taco is sometimes just what the belly wants.
4	Newbie to the Elliot / 48th Street area...so on a whim decided to check out Los Taquitos. I played it simple and ordered the #1, which is 3 street tacos with beans and rice. Took it home and mowed, I repeat, MOWED it down! I got one chicken taco and two carne asada and they were equally delicious. The refried beans and rice were fresh and authentic and, lucky for me, served together in a separate container, which made mixing them extremely easy. My only complaint is that I loathe all varieties of onions, especially finely chopped red onions. So I specifically requested no onions, then I made the mistake of not checking before bolting out the door. Of course, since I got my tacos to go, once I got home I found finely chopped onions on 'em. The kind that would take 3 days to pick out, so I just ate 'em. Still amazing! There are a lot of cool little local eateries in this area and this one definitely ranks at the top for me. I'll be planning many return trips to sample some of the other things on their menu.
5	My wife and I love any of their things with the chicken in it. It is amazing. So far everything we have gotten from there is so good. The Arizona Burrito is great, and so are the fajitas.
4	Saw this place on triple D earlier this year.  Tried the 3-taco (carne asada) combo...excellent!!!  Will return again soon.
3	I had gone to this place right after Guy was there and I ordered the #1 combination 3 tacos server with rice and beans I picked a Carne Asada, Lengua and a Cabeza... I remember not being so blown away I was really disappointed. So fast forward a few years to now and I say I need to give this place another try... I think to my self Guy was ranting about this spot... So I head over for lunch and it's really busy so I get to the counter and order the # 1 all Carne Asada tacos I go find a table and drink my drink my number is called I get my food and look at comment bar there is no salsa so I have to ask... I ask for both she seemed kind of bothered. Let me tell you these are no write home about tacos the salsa on the other hand I could drink both kinds it's really good. So I am not sure if I will be back anytime soon with all the other options out there... DDD just lets me down every time.
5	Los Taquitos was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives, and I'm fortunate enough to live only about a mile away.This will be one of the best Mexican food restaurants you'll ever go to and everything that I've tried on the menu has been really good. My favorite menu items are the Carne Asada Torta, the Bombero Chicken Burrito, the Marinated Pork Tacos, the Carne Asada Tostada, and the Chile Relleno. The Carne Asada Torta is one of the best sandwiches I've had. The Bombero Chicken Burrito is a chicken burrito that's covered in "Bombero Sauce". The Bombero sauce has an amazing flavor to it; it's kind of sweet and spicy at the same time, and unlike any sauce you've ever had. Another plus is that it's a family ran business and the women that work there are gorgeous. Authentic and great tasting food, quick service, large menu, and beautiful women; gives Los Taquitos five stars.
5	Great food, great prices.
5	The best food and timely order processing.  Wish they had more space. Priced just right for what you get.  Sauce is in bottles so you can add what you want when you want it.
4	Very good food, service..i ordered the "Marinated Pork" very good..minus one star for the weird table setup and soda machine location...but the counter girls were very helpful and pleasant..
5	Awesome joint. Great street tacos and hot sauce. I love the bottled jarritos too. Try the breakfast burritos. My fav: bacon, eggs, cheese, and beans. Sweet murals too, especially the new dia de Los muertos one. I love that I live so close!
5	The BEST veggie burrito ever.  One of the freshest most delicious burritos ever. Something I look forward to eating, every time!!
5	If you want street tacos that will remind you of the ones you get south of the border, this is the place to be! Their horchata tastes like home-made as well. My fiance loves the bombero burrito, but beware because it is big and spicy. Every time he orders it, I need to have a bit because it is so tasty but he needs to stop me because I have horrible heart burn problems.
4	Yum, yum, yummy! This place serves amazing Mexican food. Nothing fancy, just high-quality ingredients simply prepared so you can really taste their wonderful flavors. The vegetarian burrito is delicious. Dip it into the yummy salsas, and eat the spicy carrots with fresh lime juice squeezed on top while you wait for your food. This place gets busy at lunch and dinner time, so plan around that if you don't want to wait.
4	Diner, Drive-ins and Dives gave the tacos a top call - but the Chile Rellenos are bar far the best thing on the menu.
5	Love this place.  It is my go to when I have had a hard day.  While the inside is small, the artwork is great and really I mostly get my stuff to go.Meat:  Carne asada is great, chicken is great, marinated pork is nice and spicy, carnitas are awesome.Burritos:  Basic but tasted good.Bombero: Wow, what an experience.  It is spicy enough you don't really want the marinated pork as it's filler, but it is wonderful no matter what you fill it with, the spicy sauce that is poured over it is what maked it.Tacos: $1 tacos on Tuesdays!! (except they do charge 30 cents extra for flour tortillas instead of corn)  Tastes like what I fell in love with in Rocky Point street vendors.Enchiladas: Excellent, nothing fancy but made right and is so good.Will update as I change up my choices.
3	I was in the area for labor day weekend and of course, not being familiar with the area and where to eat. I took out my handy dandy yelp app on my phone to look for a place to eat that got good ratings. Well, I found this place on yelp and reading some of the reviews and the fact the Guy Fiery from food network came here was enough for me to give it a try. It was an exit away from the Arizona Grand Resort where we were staying. My family and I order the popular 3 taquitos meal but don't be confused and think that these are the crunchy rolled fried "taquitos", no.  they're mini tacos and we also ordered the chile relleno. The taquitos were ok, nothing spectacular and it came with a side of beans and rice which were luke warm and not the satisfying warm/hot home cooked beans and rice.The chile relleno were definitely very good and should probably be the more "popular" item. The filling was nice and cheesy with potato and the sauce had a lot of flavor. Worth ordering!Not sure what the hype is about but I did like the restaurant wall artwork.
5	Love this Place!! Bomb Street Tacos for cheap!!  Saw this place on Triple D and made my family try!! OF course they loved it! Everytime i hear about this place i get hungry!!! Doesnt matter if i am in food coma or not!If you haven't tried this place then you are Trippin'!!!! Go there RIGHT NOW!!!
5	What an unreal taco.. Guy Fieri was her for a reason!!!
4	This was my first visit.  So, I went with a #37 combination plate.  It had a taco, enchilada and a tamale.  All was very good but the tamale was dry (?) as it had already been unwrapped and had a chance to dry out before I received my meal.  The counter help was real nice.The meals are served on black plastic plates.  The plastic utensils are long handled.  They offer Coke products and tea.  They were out of Mr Pibb during my visit.It was good enough that I will stop back in.  And I would recommend the place to others.
4	Authentic street style fare at top notch quality and taste. The limited seating and lack of wait staff is the only barrier between this "dive" setting and a fine dining restaurant.
4	I adore this place! It is right by my house, and one of the only places I can get menudo 7 days a week. Their food is super authentic, and I wish I could work there, just so I could eat there daily!
5	Great food. Can't get enough.I've had the tortas a couple of times and they are amazing. The pasole is unbelievable, but it is a large portion. I'd recommend sharing a small order of pasole and a torta.I've had the tacos, but they weren't my favorite.
5	I was out in Phoenix in October. My Dad had mentioned seeing the Triple D show on Los Toquitos and said I might want to try it when I was there. A few friends in Phoenix said the same. We finally made it there on our last day in town. Glad we went there after the lunch rush because the dining room is pretty small. There was outside seating available though. The food was really good, I had the Carne Asada tacos, my son had the fish tacos. Both were excellent but the real surprise was how good the refried beans where. Usually the rice and beans are an afterthought and not much effort goes into them. The green sauce on the table was terrific too. I will definitely be back next time I am in the Phoenix area.
4	I've had this one on the back burner for a while as I am rarely in this area but heard great things.  That said, stopped in after a round of golf for 3 (okay 4) Chicken tacos and was very impressed.  Simple, crisp, ingredients and outstanding flavor.  Everything a taco should be.  In fact, if they had Cerveza on site I could knock out a dozen.  That good.  Bonus was it was Taco Tuesday so only $1 each.  Love it and will return.Only downside is the small location (but we stopped in for a late lunch around 2:30 so not an issue) and no beer.  I'm truly not an alcoholic but nothing improves a taco like a cold one.
1	Went to Taquitos today.  The service was worse than their usual indifferent mediocrity.   Today they told me to wait while they spoke with a vendor rather than taking my order.   Following that they did not even meet the minimum bar of getting my order right. It was nowhere close.I have previously been to Taquitos and had decidely mediocre service but excellent food.Unfortunately they could not even meet that standard this time.Spend your money somewhere where it will be appreciated.
5	I LOVE this place it is so addicting! It is always pretty busy and the space is small but it is sooo worth it. The  Tortas are THE perfect sandwich, their meat is so flavorful and the bun that they use is soft and toasted with mayo, lettuce, tomato, their homemade salsa and onion. My husband and I usually share the chicken Torta, a bowl of their AMAZING pozole, and a couple of Carnitas tacos. Flavorful, affordable, delicious! Enough said.
4	Nice place to eat.  The service was quick and friendly.  The food was great.  We went with the family and seemed to be ok.  The dining areas is very small so if it's busy it might be tight to get a table.
5	Tried them again with the kids last night and have a few new things to say since my last visit.I had Bombero sauce put onto a carne asada Chimi this time, and it was FABULOUS.  Works better on a chimi than a burrito, I think, because the sauce makes the burrito tortilla "wet" and does not have the same soggy effect on the fried shell of the chimi.The carne asada last night was smokey and awesome.  It has not been this good on my prior visits.  It was pure, smokey goodness this trip.The chicken hard-shell tacos held together better too....after falling apart last trip.  I wonder if they changed their shell a little?  Anyway, they were delicious.A word about the "salad" too - it is that micro-shredded lettuce and a few tomatoes and a little white Mexican cheese sprinkled on top.  And it was all perfectly fresh and delicious.The beans again were better than your average refried beans - something about them I can't place for sure, but they are delish.The staff was great and friendly.  I'm gonna spend more time eating here.  It's pretty darn outstanding....
5	Doesn't need any help. This place is amazing. A great authentic Mexican joint like only Arizona does them (being in Cleveland I notice this more and more every day). I love the beef enchiladas and quesadillas. It was featured on Diners' Drive-in's, and Dive's and has become a very busy spot that you MUST TRY!!!!!!!
4	Based on my husband's meal and mine - 5 stars.  The other two in the car said 4.  So I wish 4.5 stars was a choice...Tostada, bean burrito, fish taco, and 3 meat combo platter all excellent.  The beans were a little runny which I like but 2 people thought was strange.  Came here because of D3 (diners, dine ins and dives) and glad we did!  Be prepared to wait a moment to order, and another for the meal to be ready.  And do everyone a favor and wait to order before securing a table...otherwise you are just being annoying.
5	When the cashier said we'd be addicted after our first visit, she wasn't kidding! We shared the taco combination plate and the steak nachos. I can only say - Delish!!! The steak for the nachos was smoky and char-grilled with flavor sitting aboard the crunchy chips, salty beans, excellent pico de gallo, and some incredible guacamole. The combo tacos were quite good as well. We tried two pork varieties and one steak and we were not disappointed. These street tacos on corn tortillas are just up my alley. I didn't try the rice - that's up to you. Service was quite good and prompt at high noon on a Wednesday. The tables were clean and so was the restroom, which is a major plus. Let's keep them in business!!
3	What started as a food truck back in the 80s, has now evolved to two successful restaurants in the valley.  Using traditional recipes passed down through generations in Mexico - LT delivers the flavors that reminisce of street tacos in Mexico.  Using ingredients made from scratch, the marinades used for the various meats are outstanding!Being first timers there, the service staff was very friendly and suggested what menu items we should try - to experience the best they had to offer.  Our number one dish was the #1 (about $6 or $7) - an assortment of three street tacos with chicken, pork, and beef.  All of them had unique and bold flavors - you could taste that the marinade had really absorbed into the meats.  They were served with cotija, pico, and cilantro - adding that truly authentic flavor to the tacos.  We also sampled the fish tacos and burritos.  Why this wonderful little place does not receive four stars or more?  Despite what Guy Fieri said, despite the wonderful flavor of these tacos, everything we ate was lukewarm or less.  From the refried beans to the rice, to the taco meat, and burrito.  It gave us the sense that despite being made from scratch, these wonderful ingredients had been sitting there for a while.  Albeit the flavor and texture of the meats was grand, it did not taste fresh.
2	Just ok.Dont feel the need to go back.
5	Simply magnificent. Easily the best Mexican food I've had the pleasure of enjoying in the States. I can't stop thinking about the carne asada Torta. The rice and beans are the best I've eaten. Tacos are simple and delicious. The most exciting part about it is that I get to go back and try the famed Bombero Burrito and other, more "exotic" things like the lengua and menudo!You must go!
4	This place is pretty good! I love their tacos de carne asada and lengua! If you love spicy salsa then you need to try the habanero sauce! Their enchiladas were alright...but their sopes are really good! Even the regular red and green salsas are delicious. A mexican food restaurant is NOTHING if they don't have good salsas...so that should tell you something about this place :D Definitely will keep coming!
4	Great food, nice people and mediocre service. I enjoy this place often!
5	This is the place to get fantastic and fast mexican food.  The shrimp tacos and the shrimp burrito are amazing.  Very causal, I usually just get take out and enjoy the food at home since the place is so small.
3	Let me first say that I spent hours looking for chimichangas in Phoenix at 730pm on a Friday.  Locating the lost City of Dorado may be an easier task, so I jumped for joy when I came across the menu for Los Taquitos.  They service chimis with various fillings, enchilada style upon request.  The restaurant is easy to find from the freeway, and there is plenty of parking.  The walls are full of colorful murals, and the menu is extensive.  The cleanliness was questionable, but it didn't turn off our party from the chimichanga goodness that awaited us.  Orders are taken at the register, and the women we spoke to was helpful and pleasant.I ordered the shrimp cocktail, my boyfriend ordered the chimi with sauce, guac, and sour cream. We shared the chips and salsa.  The red salsa is full of smokey chipotle deliciousness, but we were unable to secure a bottle of the green salsa.  The pico de gallo was bland, a solid 2/5.  My boyfriend enjoyed his carne asada chimi, but I thought the meat was burnt and could have used more oomph.  My shrimp cocktail was weird.  The shrimp were hot, the sauce was cold, it was a mess.  I don't recommend it. Overall I'd say it is asi-asi.
4	3 Taquitos - a little over priced, but excellent. Bombero Burrito - Spicy! Super good. Al Pastor Burrito - ask for no beans and add cilantro and onion. Very good. Overall this place has great food, but not quite as good as a San Diego Taco Shop and the portions are a bit on the small side for the prices.
5	Made out to Phoenix again last month and again, managed to hit up Los Taquitos on our last day there. This time I had a shredded beef chimichanga, and of the three I had while in town (also went to Valle Luna and Filibertos), it was the best. It was also the smallest but that isn't necessarily a bad thing since most Mexican food place have such huge portions. And at $6.99, it was a bargain. The young lady at the counter was friendly and helpful. I have to get my fill of chimichangas when I am in Arizona because here in Texas, they tend to put all sorts of stuff in them and smother everything in queso and red sauce. i also have to get my fill of green sauce because what we have here isn't as good. What impressed me is that when I bought some green sauce to bring back, both the young lady who took my order plus the lady who was on the Triple D program took the time to make sure that what I bought would retain its freshness and how to properly freeze (then bring to a boil before cooling) it to store what might be left over after a week. I appreciate the extra effort given since they both knew that due to my location I can't be a regular customer.
4	How is it possible that I have not written a review for Los Taquitos, it's been one of my favorite lunch spots for about a year now, need to get on the ball!Found out about Los Taquitos like most from Dinners, Drive-ins and Dives! I love me some spicy food, so of course I order the Bombero burrito, it has great favor, and to some it packs heats, but for me its lacking in the heat, I like to have that eyes tearing up, nose running cuz its packing heat experience, but it's a great tasting burrito, its smokey and perfect burrito, just add some hot sauce to it and BAM! got some heat! I also dig their street tacos, delish! Little heads up if going during lunch, phone your order in, it cuts down on the wait time!
3	Expected better after seeing Los Taquitos on DDD. Prices are great, atmosphere is nonexistent. Took 15 minutes to get food after ordering, and although ok, we were underwhelmed. Fish tacos had so much liquid they were soggy, burritoes had to much sauce and fell apart. Rice was pretty tasty. Cost about $32 for family of 5 to eat. Not sure w'll go back. For a little more, On The Border has food we liked more.
5	I have never been here before, but I will definitely be back. I got the super nacho & man, it was super. The place was packed, which is always a good sign. We ordered & ran next door to get a mega millions ticket. Unfortunately, I didn't win the $640 million, but I did have a full belly.
4	I saw the DDD spot a few years ago and wanted to check this place out more for the sisters who own it than the food itself.  After eating there, the food stands on it's own.  In Phoenix, I don't think you can get better carne asada.  If you like breakfast burritos, you haven't had one until you've had their carne asada breakfast burrito with potatoes, eggs and cheese.  Fantastic.  I work around the corner, and eat here at least twice a month for that reason.
5	Living in Scottsdale and commuting to Chandler for work everyday, I think I have eaten from the nices Latin restaurants (Distrito) to the hole in the ground (yes, not wall) ones.  Los Taquitos has to be my favorite of all from top to bottom.  Walking in, I got the feeling I was in San Luis RC or Rocky point joint.  There's enough seating for a lunch crowd and a few outdoor seats when it gets crowded (or too cold inside).  I ordered the Combo plate which came with three meats, beans, and rice.  I also got a side salsa, and I made a quick grab for the usual red salsa in a bottle.  The three meats were flavorful and distinct.  I liked the beef which had a nice char to it.  The beans were the usual, but the rice was amazing.  It looks normal, but it was buttery, soft, and melted in your mouth.  The side salsa they give you is also a standout.  It was very fresh with a hint of sweetness to it which I'm wondering if it could be a pickled melon?Hands down it's the place to go when I get a craving for Mexican food in the East Valley.
3	Have to say, we went here only because of DDD, not what was expected.  We did not see the show, but saw the reviews here.  There's got to be better mexican food in Phoenix, but maybe we are spoiled coming from Southern California.  It was just OK.
5	BEST street tacos e.v.e.r.!!!  We loved this place and ate there for lunch every day of our Phoenix vacation.  Excellent find, thank you Yelp!  So happy we discovered it.  Best eats of our trip.  Ala Carte tacos are my pic - they are just over a buck a piece and we loved the pork and carne asada ones.  YUM
5	love, love, love the street tacos.  the best are the chicken, marinated pork, and pork.  didn't care at all for the carne asada, though.  did not find the smoky flavor appealing.my family ate here on a recent phoenix vacation and we loved it so much we came back for dinner the next day!  that's how good this place is.wife loved the flan, also.great food and low prices make this place a real winner.
4	Solid 4 stars.  Just the kind of taco shop I miss in Seattle. If you like SoCal Mex this is your place.  Delicious Carne Asada and breakfast burritos.  Go for the Bombero style if you like a wet burrito! Homemade Jamaica and horchata too.  Ohh yeah, this place was featured on Diners Dives and Drive throughs if that makes any difference to you.
3	Was visiting friends and found this place thanks to Yelp. The food was good but not good enough to warrant 4 stars.
4	This place is in the lunch rotation. Whenever we decide to goa little further than our usual lunch location radius and venture into Ahwatukee. It's in a mall (isn't everything anymore)and there's always plenty of parking. You might want to comebefore noon, though, if you are in a big group and want to sitinside. The place seems to be pretty popular after being featuredin dumpsters, divers, and douchebags or whatever that program iscalled. I don't like going anywhere just because some TV programhyped it up. Might as well eat at McDonald's because you've seentheir commercials so many times. Anyway, I've tried most of theirstreet tacos and I'm partial to the marinated pork (Carnitas). Notsure why they have Spanish for most of their menu but instead ofCarnitas it's "marinated pork." It is an interesting recipe - includescondensed milk and coca-cola. That's the secret recipe. Well, eitherthe secret's been let out of the bag or it wasn't ever that secretbecause when I googled Carnitas recipes there were hundreds with those same two ingredients. Whatever the case, I love that flavorand I'm addicted to it. Is it really the kind of coke you drink orthe other kind? Whatever the case, I like it and will keep coming back.
1	A group of my friends & me went to Los Taquitos needless to say, a total disappointment the food was bland, hardly any seasoned to the meat, and the prices a bit high. Unquestionably first and last.
5	This place has the best carne asada burritos in the world!! Any time we are in Phoenix, it is one of the places I have to go, in fact, I went there twice on my last trip.  The prices are great, cute little place with great, authentic Mexican food.
5	OMG THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD! Been here three times already in three trips to Arizona and I live in California! Sauces are spicy but amazing, all different meats have flavor and their chile rellano burrito is the bomb and then some!! And the food is made fresh! You can customize pretty much anything too! Def try it out and see for yourself!
4	When I'm hungover we crawl to Los Taquitos and I usually get a big bowl of posole to heal my wounds.  It is so damn good.  They give you the necessary extras like red onions chopped, cilantro, limes, and tapatio.  You can either get corn (my preference) or flour tortillas to dip in your soup.  Out of all the things I have ordered, (besides the breakfast burritos) the posole is my absolute favorite and has never let me down.
4	The food is amazingly delicious and the service is memorable! The restaurant is just shaped a little awkwardly making is difficult to stand in line without bumping into people. Not a huge deal but I always take my food to go because of this. I always get the enchiladas and they are so authentic! I love their rice and horchata too!
3	Food was good, price was right. If you live in the 'Tuk, recommend it I might.
5	Street tacos to die for.  The Carne Asada is smokey, spicy, and freaking delicious.  The red sauce on the burro was great as well.  All the food was spicy not bland, the beans and rice were wonderful.  Lots of people in the line but it clears in about 10 minutes from line to order to eating.  Definitely worth a try.
4	Not ooc, but definitely Mexican food as it should be: inexpensive and delicious. Tried all four of their rolled tacos [chicken, steak, two diff types of pork] which were exactly what you'd expect from your prototypical place. There was very friendly service and they were quite prompt.  Luckily we missed out on the lunch rush, as it was Tuesday Taco Day [rolled tacos for $1] when we happened to arrive. The chicken chimi was the hero for the day, far surpassing the four different tacos we tried. Two house salsas available [green and red] that were good but not great. I'd definitely eat here again, but it isn't memorable enough to bring me in from out of the city
5	Awesome place.  Small.  Great, inexpensive food.   You should go!
4	Walking up to this place I was kinda nervous... definitely a hole in the wall. Almost like it was a baja fresh at one point but O M G I can't believe the food. We walked in - total noobs to this place and checked the menu while in line.  We sat down for about 5 minutes before we heard our number come up and it was BUSY. Busy as in 5-6 people were ahead of us but we were ordering within 2 minutes.The food is served on styrofoam plants that are cheap but the food... man I'm glad I found this place. I put this on par with Si Senor and Rosa's Taco Shop but... more casual if you can get more casual without losing clothing.  My favorite was the tacos - the street carne tacos are so well seasoned. And the refried beans - unique taste and very flavorful. And for $6 I got a plate of food that filled me for two meals easy.  I actually didn't see the Diners drive in's thing until we sat down and saw the painted stamp that Guy put on the wall. I had seen this in a few other places in town which was a good sign. I'm positive we will be back here several more times.
5	Great place to eat and everything is fantastic. I've been coming here for years and still make it over here two or three times a week.
4	I went here for a Friday lunch and really enjoyed it. I read that it had been featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives so of course, I wanted to go!The interior is cute. Set up where you can sit and enjoy your lunch but after work you can post up at the bar and sip on something yummy. I wish I had the chance to try one of their margs but alas, I had work to get done at my job.I got the AZ Style burrito meal and also a chicken taco. The chicken taco was free because I checked in on Foursquare. Love Foursquare deals.The tortilla was amazing, super soft and chewy and not hard/stale or thin/transparent. The potatoes were thick cube cut and the pollo was seasoned with something not too spicy. I should have asked for it without onions, they were tiny but I'm not a fan in general.They have an array of salsas to choose from, but the bottles weren't labeled so I was a little hesitant on what I was getting myself into so I stayed clear. It is certainly a hole in the wall but the food is just fabulous!
4	I've gone to this place twice this month, and I can honestly say the breakfast burritos are GREAT!! I haven't been for lunch, but I truly recommend breakfast here. I ate about 8am and I wasn't hungry again until 4pm. The portions are generous and the price is small.
5	I really like this place.  I wish it were a little closer to my work, I'd go more often.The meals are cheap and you get a lot of good quality food. One time while I was here, one of the customers was asking the waitress about the tacos after he had finished his lunch.  He was interested in ordering them some way that he used to order them, but that they had taken off the menu for some reason.  She told him that they still made them that way if you asked, and he got a little disappointed that he hadn't ordered those for lunch that day.  She ended up giving him a couple of them to go for free because he didn't know they still made them the way he was asking.  Nice service.
2	We visit our son in Phoenix fairly often and when we go up there, we enjoy trying new places to add to our repertoire of ethnic delicacies. Whether, Chinese, Mexican, Greek.  We are open for anything.   I checked out this place on Yelp for reviews and all of them were great.   I was looking forward to finding a "gem" of a Mexican restaurant.  We all agreed that the dishes were mediocre.  It wasn't the cleanest place either.  I ordered my usual chicken enchilladas  with green sauce.  Very tasty and a little different.  They marinate the chicken, pork, and beef which makes the chicken, pork and beef a little bit mushy.  The rice was tasty though.  My other half ordered the chille relleno which was also a little bit different from what we are used to.  It was served in a brown sauce with cheese, onions, and diced potatoes.  Pretty tasty. He also had a lengua (tongue) taco. Small but also very tasty. There is no waiter service.  You go up to the counter and order.  I'm not crazy about the plastic plates, but no tipping is a good plus.  We went for lunch about 2.00PM and the place was crowded.  So obviously lots of people enjoy this place.  The menu was plentiful with lots of choices.   I understand the place was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins-and Dives.  I guess you could label this place in the Dive category.  Prices were quite reasonable.  All and all, if you like Mexican Street food, Los Taquitos might fit the bill. I'm not sure if we will return or not.  We will still try other places to finally find Mexican Food Heaven.  Even if nothing is perfect, the journey to get to it is the best part.
4	Very good food.  One day after having a miserable lunch at Manuel's in Tempe I was able to make up for it by having dinner here.  The food here was much better, right away I knew it was going to be a big improvement, even the chips were good, fresh and tasty.For an entree I had the chile relleno (what I had tried to have at Manuel's) and was very pleased.  The chile options weren't overly spicy, but they had good flavor.  I will definitely come back when in the area again.
3	Pretty good but small portions
5	Another visit to one of my favorite lunch-time haunts with my Zach. Can't stop trying the nachos, but have also branched out and tried the lengua tacos (yum) and some of the other specialties on the menu. I haven't been disappointed yet, and the place is always packed at lunchtime. So much better than most of the fast Mexican places out there and quite good prices. Once a week is not enough :).
5	Its about the best mexican i've had in PHX.  Super consistent and delicious!
4	Not a bad lunch.Pros:  The food was flavorful, hot and cheapThe shrimp chevice tostada was DELICIOUSCons:The location is too small and the line was literally all the way to the door and there is no convenient place for those waiting for their food to stand.  Very awkward.I didn't like the seasoning on the carne asada street tacos.  I wanted to taste the meat without some unexpected, red seasoning on it.  It was too spicy and when I order carne asada I usually expect it to come unseasoned, or at least without some weird red seasoning all over it.  (That's not what the carne asada street tacos I get in Mexico taste like; they are served unseasoned with shredded cabbage, a lime wedge and some pico de gallo.)Anyway, aside from the super crowded place and the weird carne asada street taco, I did like it.  I'll be back for more of those delicious, shrimp cevice tostadas.
3	I went to Los Taqutios last weekend. There was a play at the Ahtawukee Children's Theater that day and after the play, we grabbed lunch. We went at 3:00 P.M. and I was expecting more people to be there. It was featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives so I wanted to go. I got a carneasada burrito with no beans. It's not that beans make me gassy, I just don't like them. At the first few bites, it was flavorless. I could barely taste the cheese, the meat was dry, plus the burrito wrap (bread) was the most flavorful thing in the burrito believe it or not. The burrito got better on each bite, but it wasn't the best Mexican meal I've ever had. I enjoyed my burrito. You know that cliche saying "The first bite's always the best." It was the other way around with the burrito. The other people that were with me were happy, except for one. She had a  shrimp taco, a fish taco, carnitas burrito and she said it was a little bland. The other person with me is the only one out of us 3 who really enjoyed his meal beginning to end but, he also gave it 3 stars. The place is a little dirty. There was a piece of tomato    on the seat at the booth we sat at. The service was friendly. What confused me was that on the menu, it said that they have Mr. Pibb but, on the soda machine it said Dr. Pepper so that confused me. We drove home with a full belly and an o.k. meal.
5	Great tacos. Some of the best I have ever had in Arizona, and I have had a lot of Mexican food in Arizona.
5	A co-worker brought me back a shrimp cevice tostada for lunch today.  Once again it was DELICIOUS!!
5	Shrimp Taco is awesomeness. I hate that the seating is not ideal, but the food is so worth it. My first time having authentic Mexican food.
5	I came down from Oregon for the UO vs. ASU football game and told my brother we had to stop in.  This place did not disappoint us.  The beans and rice looked bland, but they were not.  I had a fish taco, delish. My brother had the chicken fajfitas, loved them.  I can.t to come back down for Thansgiving and bring my husband to enjoy. Go Ducks!!
5	Best Mexican food around. If you like spicy, the Bomberro Burrito is a must. Bomberro sauce has a smokey, sweet flavor with an intense burn sensation. It compliments the meat and tortilla extraordinarily well.
5	One of the best MX food restaurants I have been to! I am a regular.
5	Have been eating here since Guy Fieri had it on his show, Diners Drive-ins and Dives, but have failed to Review this extraordinary little place, only a mile from my home. Maybe subconsciously I wanted to keep it to myself. Of course, with over 200 Reviews here they do NOT need mine, unless you want to know a secret.THE SECRET: Having fallen in love with Tacos Pastor (and Mexican Coca Cola) at Asadero Norte De Sonora   (See my Previous Review) three visits ago I asked if they served Tacos Pastor (they are NOT on the menu) and one of the beautiful sisters advised that they did indeed. Oh my word! Nirvana, so close to home (Asadero Norte De Sonora is ten miles away). I knew I would be in trouble.They are little (The Tacos) here, but have three or four and you will think you are in Heaven. The morsels of Pork are just right spicy and absolutely delicious! Wash them down with Coca Cola from Mexico and call it FABULOUS! Prior to discovering Tacos Pastor I hade been VERY happy with the Carne Asada Tacos and as good as they are, NOT close to Tacos Pastor!Do NOT miss this wonderful treat!
5	Mexican food is one of my favorites so every time I get a chance to eat at a Mexican restaurant I have to try the chimichanga.  This is by far is the best one I have found and I've tried a lot of places!  They also have wonderful tasting enchiladas and tacos.  The food tastes super fresh and you can tell they take the time to prepare their food the right way!
5	In Phoenix for a business meeting and loaded the food network app to find a diners drive ins and dives. This place was first on the list. What a gem to find. Hands down the best tacos I've ever eaten. Taco Tuesday so I got the el pastor. The salsas were awesome and the heat was felt for hours. Just like I like it. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a taco fix. Too bad that they aren't located in my home town because I would be there every day.
5	"This is a little hole in the wall with great food that requires no sauces. Had tried 3 different street tacos all good but the beef was the best smoky flavor. Also had bacon potatoe egg breakfast burrito. So much flavor along with a chorizo egg potatoe burrito. 1s..."
5	BOLD flavors without apology. I love this place.  I moved to Michigan and missed the Smokey flavor of their tacos and red salsa. Moved back to AZ and had a great meal.
5	I heard about this from DDD, but I wasn't going to hold that against it.  This place is fantastic having delicious food and reasonable prices.  What more could you ask for?  They have the best Chile Reno Burrito I have had in the area. I order it enchilada style since they have great sauce.  The tortilla is soft and fresh made wrapped around a chile reno, rice, and potatoes. It is fantastic.  They have red and green sauce for all their food get extra green sauce, it's spicy and addictive.  The tostadas are really good as well if you want something crunchy to go with your tacos.  The staff are always friendly and the food comes out pretty quick for how busy they always are.  It's a pretty small place so it can fill up at busier times, but you can always get it to go and it's still just as good.Try- Chile Reno Burrito- Green Sauce- Tostadas- Veggie Tacos- Ask for the habanero Salsa
3	in Phoenix for new years, yelped for tacos and found this place. Turns out it had been on the Guy Fierri show but that doesn't always mean great food for me. Anyway, tried the rolled tacos and they were actually superior to all other rolled tacos I've had. I don't know if they put sauce inside, but it tasted like they did. Very good flavor. Howard had the carne asada burrito, also had a very different and spicy, smoky flavor than any other carne asada we've tried, but small for what he likes. Although, the price was like $3.95. There were people standing waiting for tables, but it worked out perfectly and we were able to sit and get served quickly. Would definitely go back. The menu is large and has something for everyone.
2	This used to be a great place to go but the quality of the food has really declined.  Sadly I won't be going back.
4	I wish Los Taquitos existed in my town. I visited this spot while on vacation, on my next to last day, and wish I had gone earlier so I could have eaten here multiple times. This restaurant is located in a smallish strip mall. It has a very casual atmosphere, a walk up counter for ordering and a bunch of booths and tables to eat at. There are colorful murals on the walls, actually pretty cute. The employees were friendly and helpful, and my co-eater and I both got a combo and a sope. I would say the tacos were the best draw, followed by the enchiladas, then the tamales. The rice and beans were tasty too. The sauce on the enchilada and tamale was delicious. I really wish I was able to try more. This place is on my to-do list for the next time I'm in the area! I hear they're putting a Los Taquitos outpost in PHX airport. How about one in New York next?!
3	Good Mexican food. Not mind blowing, but it's just that.
4	Good little hole in the wall.  The tacos were very good.  I was surprised how spicy they actually were.  Also for as busy as they were at lunch, they got the food out to you pretty quick.
5	We came across Los Taquitos at the Taco Festival in Scottsdale a few years back and been going there ever since. The staff is always friendly, the place is clean and the prices cannot be beat!  My favorite is the carne asada tacos (Mexican street tacos) and they are 1.15 a piece, you cannot beat that! Definitely worth a try, you will not be disappointed. :)
5	Guy Fieri seems to never let us down. We crave this place now, but being that it is a few hundreds miles away makes me want to take another trip to AZ. We came here on a slow night and didn't really get much since we ate a big lunch. Thank goodness we got the tacos because they are arguably the best tacos we have tasted. Carne Asada and Al Pastor tacos hit the spot! Crunchy, juicy and small enough to devour in a few minutes. By my description you can only imagine how much we dream about this place.There isn't really more to say but to try this place. Food was top notch, service was friendly and the place isn't too pricey. My only regret was not ordering more tacos to take with us home.
4	This is definitely one of my favorite Mexican places to visit when I'm back home from school. I usually get a marinated pork burrito with red sauce on top, and it is absolutely delicious. It's spicy and tastes extremely authentic considering that this restaurant is located in Ahwatukee. It's a nice little hole-in-the-wall place that is especially great for pick-up orders.
4	Food: I've tried: chicken tacos, pork tacos, carne asada tacos, chicken burrito, guacamole, chips, & green salsa.Los Taquitos has the best tacos I've ever had; their chicken tacos are my favorite.  I've lived in the Phoenix area for 21 years and eaten at many a Mexican restaurant.  Los Taquitos uses chopped chicken rather than shredded chicken in their taco & burrito (which is A+ in my book).  Many restaurants confuse heat with flavor, but not Los Taquitos!  The seasoning on their meat is so delicious, I can't describe it appropriately.  The tacos have your choice of meat cooked with the most excellent combination of herbs & spices; plus, fresh cilantro leaves, and diced red onion.  They are served in two small (street taco size) corn tortillas.  When I eat the average taco, I like cabbage or lettuce, cheese, sour cream & salsa.  But not at Los Taquitos!  Their tacos are so simple yet so flavorful.I've been thinking about how good it was for the last week, and wondering how it would do if I used their food for a party?  The only downfall is I live about 30 min away and I'm not sure how it would be if not eaten right away.I thought the guac had too many onions.  The chips were over cooked and bland (you couldn't taste the corn flavor which is so delicious in fresh tortilla chips).  I liked the chicken burrito, I probably wont have it again just because I don't really enjoy beans, I can take them or leave them.  I did like how the burrito did not have rice in it.Price:Very affordable.  I did notice that online they have prices listed and the Phoenix location is more expensive and has a little different menu options.  Ambiance: I've never been to the location.  My office brought food in for us on two different occasions.(I must qualify my opinion of the tacos by saying that I do not care for shredded chicken.  Typically it has no flavor of it's own and has a slimy texture.   I prefer shredded chicken over shredded beef, so I usually end up with shredded chicken dishes at the average Mexican restaurant)
4	Had the super nachos and hard shell taco. Nachos were loaded- had extra toppings when we ran out of chips and the tacos were nice with a little heat.
5	This place is awesome! Very authentic Mexican food. Whenever I am on that side of town we always stop here. My favorite are the carne asada tacos. They have great carnitas and horchata here too! A bit small so if you are going for lunch get there early because sometimes the line is out the door.
4	The chile rellano and taquitos were excellent in strip mall ambiance!
5	One of my all time favorites and the closest thing to authentic Mexican food I've seen in a restaurant (and being 100% Mexican American with a mother who is a great cook, I am PICKY about Mexican food). Do yourself a favor and try their lengua tacos. Long story short, though, I've never had a bad meal here!
4	Stop there on the way across the dessert, and it was worth the stop!  Tacos were off the chain, very good and seasoned just right.  I bought the pastor tacos and chicken tacos with a side of taquitos and they were all tasty!  Can't wait to go back and try the burritos!  Will keep you posted
5	We have lived within 2 blocks of this place for over 3 years and always seen the sign but never went in. We decided to try it a few months back and boy was it worth it (wishing we had walked through those doors earlier). We visit once if not twice a week. They  have a great burrito, street tacos are delish and the salsa is super hot red or green. Every Tuesday is $1 tacos so that's a must. Fridays they have chicken abondigas and that's another awesome meal. If your in Phoenix looking for an updated Mexican restaurant this is the place!
4	The place was clean, the people were friendly and the tacos were awesome.  The best were the carne asada.  I am rarely satisfied but I left feeling like I got great food at a great price.  It was 32 bucks for 20 tacos, two Fantas, and a bottle of water.  Pretty good I'd say.
4	This was a pleasant dining experience. Wanted some Mexican and we found it!Reasonable prices for 2 and it was very TASTY! Very casual and the wall was painted wonderfully with a mural that was very interesting!! Fast walk up service and clean inside! Definately goint to go back!
4	Great tacos, open for breakfast but no coffee. You can get Starbucks next door in the Safeway.
4	This is what Mexican food is supposed to be. Not the place for ambiance, just great food.......
4	Very good . . .although, probably not as good as food channel said.  Tacos and chimichanga are fantastic!
4	Great place for casual Mexican fare.  Very flavorful and colorful.  The Chile Relleno was very different and totally enjoyable.  Friendly atmosphere and quick service.I have been back a few times to try other items on the menu and I have never been disappointed.
4	best mexican lunch in town. just be prepared to wait in line.
1	Los Taquitos changed the menu board above their kitchen/order area about 6 weeks ago and it's so confusing you can't figure it out.  And neither can the order takers or kitchen staff because on both of my recent visits I received the wrong orders. The staff is so befuddled they agree the business is in meltdown mode.  Plus...let me mention the quality of the food has dropped considerably.  This long-time patron WON'T be coming back!I've put up with the dirty, worn, decrepit interior for these years because Ahwatukee lacks a quality mexican food place near my home but I won't tolerate a menu that's incomprehensible and food that's worse than Taco Bell.  To top it all off, the staff has become rude, probably due to frustration over how management has let this business go to ruin.
4	Some of the best street tacos in Phoenix.There are several factors here including the price. You can pay upwards of $7 for a street taco in Scottsdale that will be overly complicated and not as good as these which 1/3 the price. The carne asada, carnitas and marinated pork tacos are both flavorful and tender, I suggest using some of the green and red sauce they provide to add flavor with a squeeze of lemon. If you haven't ever tried Lengua (cow tongue) this is the place to try it but I prefer the others mentioned above. The homemade tortillas are always soft yet don't fall apart. Love this place for street tacos.
5	Excellent fast Mexican Food. Guy Fieri led us, once again, to a great local eatery!
5	Oh My God! The street tacos, the chilaquiles, the flan, the salsas! This is a great place to get good authentic Mexican food and also some of the "Americanized" dishes (sour creme, sauce-covered burritos, cheddar cheese). I stick to the street tacos and chilaquiles but the menu is really large. They have taco Tuesdays ($1 per taco) but beware, it gets busy.
2	Ehhh...My husband got tacos, they were pretty good! I got tamales because I am a sucker for homemade tamales, they were the worst tamales I have ever had. They were super dry, no flavor, very little meat. Just plain gross. I will stick to making my own. It was just ok, we would maybe go back for tacos but it was nothing amazing. I think I'm missing the hype.
4	Excellent huevos rancheros! Had beef lengua there also, awesome food. Located in the Ahwatukee (Phoenix) area. Best Mexican food in the area
3	It was pretty tasty and the prices were good. We called in our order, walked in and payed. Then waited 20 minutes until I asked where was our food. They handed me a bag that was sitting behind them the whole time so our food was now cold and not as fresh. Service is were they lacked.
4	Great food, good prices, and a good menu. Only downside is the wait is a little long and the place is cramped. Overall a great place for your die hard Mexican food lover.
1	First of all I saw this resturaurant on diners drive ins and dives. I thought I'd give it a try. I ordered the hard shell carne Asada tacos, they were awful. They tasted like rubber just very bland. I think the meat might have been over cooked. Needless to say I will not be returning
5	Great little place in a strip mall.Loved the burritos.
4	This is a great hole in the wall family owned Mexican restaurant. I have not had a bad thing on the menu. Their street tacos are some of the best. You can choose the type of meat you want in them. You can even get all three in the combo different. The Torta is awesome and the burritos are mouth watering.Service is great. It gets a little cramped waiting for your order because the place is really that small. The prices are good too. Sure there isn't a dollar menu but who needs one when the food is this good. Dollar menus are for places with horrible food.It can get packed around lunch time so be warned. Calling you order in will save on time if you only have an hour for lunch.I have been going here for years and will keep coming back.
4	Carne asada tortas are amazing! The down side is that they always get my order wrong. I keep telling them no salsa on my tacos. Their red salsa is kinda hot so I would like to enjoy my meal without exploding later. No matter what I do, they always add the salsa. I put it with it because the food is so damn good. Not that this has anything to do with the food, but the woman who is always up at the register looks like she rolled out of bed and didn't shower. Her bra straps are always showing and it looks really unprofessional. It's kind of gross actually. If she is the first and/or only person the customers are going to see, I think she should at least look more presentable. She is representing the restaurant. Other than that, the food is amazing!
5	Los Taquitos is one of the best taco shops this side of town. PeriodA Los Taquitos Haiku:Two lengua street tacosThe carne asada torta with cheeseMexican food heaven
4	Very very good, DEPENDING ON WHAT YOU GET. My 4 stars are for the green chili chicken burrito and their red and green sauce. Absolutely delicious. I've yet to have another one just as delicious. I've also has other items like the carne asada burrito which have all been meh, but that green chili chicken burrito is worth driving all the way from south east Gilbert for.The restaurant is small and a bit rundown. Expect to have to wait for a table, sit outside or take it togo.
4	Great Mexican food, cheap and greasy, but authentically good. I had the veggie tacos and loved them.  I will try this again.
3	Great tacos and tortas. I'd go back.
4	good street style tacos.  combinations work with low prices.  my new neighborhood (new to me) take-out eatery.  weekend nights real busy.
5	Best Mexican place ever. Only knock is the wait can be awhile so order in advance! I usually get a few tacos and a pork burrito. Their hot sauce is crazy hot but so worth it and tasty.
5	This place was nice and small. Nothing fancy here but if you want good food you should head over. It can be a little busy with a lone almost to the door but what do you expect? Yum!
4	If I lived in Phoenix, I'd be a regular. It was 4 p.m. and we hadn't had lunch after a day at IKEA - and we all know how IKEA wipes you out! So, we needed to find something asap that accommodated four different tastes - this fit the bill. I ordered the  asada, pollo, and pastor street tacos. The asada was my favorite. The beans and rice were tasty too. The food was flavorful and affordable and the wall art was great; the floor could have been a bit cleaner, but overall, a great find!
4	What more can I say.....Very yummy
4	Really good tacos at a very reasonable price, carne asada tacos were amazing and the fish taco was really good
5	This was a delicious simple Mexican short order shop.  I had the az burrito and was surprised at the number of ingredients it had.  My son had the quesadilla.  Horchata had a unique flavor to it the was interesting.  Meal came to $16.  Plus Guy ate here!
5	LOVE this place. Traditional Mexican food, family owned.  Food is awesome, Phoenix Metro Area has lost many of it's family owned Traditional Mexican Restaurants and we were so happy to find Los Taquitos.  Frequent here often.  The pazole soup is one of my favorite dishes, homemade, chunky, just enough spice.  The menu has plenty to choose from & the prices are reasonable.  We ordered at the counter & it wasn't long before they served us a delicious, hot meal.  Atmosphere is very Sonoran Mexico as well.  If you want good Mexican food, Mexico style, go here.  We give this place & frequent it often ...  a double thumbs up.
4	BOMB ass street tacos. Enough said. Go there. Now!
3	I usually write a more complete review, but I just don't feel like it right nowOverall rating: average (good but not great. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat there)Food: 3 starsService: 2 stars. No wow factor or friendly banter. Not rude but not friendlyAmbience: 2 stars and set up is poorPrices and quantities: 3 starsIf you're close by try it but I wasn't impressed. Cheese enchilada was bland and cheese not melted at all. I can get that at any Filibertos. Salsas are good and a few varieties. They put a red hot sauce on everything which makes each dish taste pretty much the same. Pastor and carnitas (although they really aren't carnitas - fried) are your best meat choices. Chicken to dry. Like I said...average
5	One of my favorite lunch spots! Inexpensive but authentic mexican food. The bombero burrito is worth the drive. One of the spiciest mexican dishes ive had, but not overwhelming spicy. When visitors come to town and want authentic mexican food, we take them to Los Toquitos. Our visitors have all requested to go back anytime they come in town. I highly recommend checking this place out.
5	This is hands down my favorite place to go for tacos! Anybody I have ever taken with me enjoys it just as much as I do. Every time I go I leave completely satisfied- I'd recommend it to any one!
3	Los Taquitos isn't really a place you go to eat eat side since there isn't really room to sit. The food is decently priced but the portions are pretty small compared to filibertos. The only reason I come back and pay more is because the quality is better. The tortillas are amazing as well as the beans. Filibs can't even compete in the area. The staff isn't really friendly but they also aren't rude. They are just in between. I will keep coming back for the flavor that you don't get at most other tiny fast food joints. Based on the many phone orders my friends and I have ordered over the years they usually mess it up in one way or another so be careful.
4	Just had the 3 street taco meal. That was great!They were quite busy when I arrived and it was standing room only so I ordered to go. By the time my order was ready the place was only 1/3 full....bad timing on my part, friday@12:30. I got one pollo, one carnitas and one pastor. They were all great. The meal also comes with rice and beans. Im full for $7. There are 7 tables and some outdoor seating so its a small place.  One wall is adorned with some cool murals.  I'm keeping this place on my list for sure.
4	Love this place!  I have lived in Ahawatukee for many years and have been going to this place for years.  When I think of tacos, I think Los Taquitos.  There carne asada is fresh, well seasoned and flavorful.  Also try their supreme breakfast burrito, it is to die for!  It is high quality and really inexpensive.  It's not a sit down restaurant type of place so you may not want to take a date here.  The drawbacks is the sitting place within the restaurant, you don't have many places to sit and when you order to go, make sure to check your food before you leave.  They have a tendency of missing things in your order or not giving you the things your ordered.
5	I was sitting on my couch figuring out where to get a good hamburger when Diners, Drive Inns, and Dives came on and there it was Los Taquitos.  Just ten minutes away too.  I drove over to this little hole in the wall and got the Bombero with carnitas.  The sauce on top was...the bomb!  Sweet, spicy, smoky kind of like a mole sauce.  I had the meal with rice and beans which was good to soak up all that heavenly sauce.  I will definitely be going there again.
5	The breakfast burritos are off the chart! The street tacos are fantastic. I have been eating here for many years and the food is always good.
4	The carne asada burrito has a perfect mix of carne asada, delicious beans, onions and cilantro.  I usually get one red salsa to add a bit to a couple of bites but the flavor of the burrito by itself is very tastey. The burrito is not huge, about 2/3's the size of a chipotle or filibertos burrito but it is filling. The Shrimp burrito is also very delicious. Same size as the carne asada burrito. No beans.Definitely worth a visit.
5	I come here with my brother for our bonding dinner time, and man oh man!  Never have I had my order wrong here, they just make everything so wonderfully, and when we get our food it is piping hot!  I love the fact that this is a small place located in the strip mall, and if you don't pay attention, you could miss it.  Its a wonderful place to grab a bite!
4	We recently found this place on a friend's recommendation. I'm so glad we did! The food is fantastic - very authentic, traditional AZ Mexican food with that amazing 'homemade; taste. Way better than any of the more expensive franchise restaurants or fast food places in town. The aromas coming from the kitchen will make your mouth water!The prices are reasonable, the portions are generous, and the wait is short. Get it to go - the restaurant is small with limited seating.
1	Doesn't seem very clean, staff is rude, waited 30 mins for a burrito thatwasn't what I ordered. Food was ok.
5	Im from texas, the taco capitol of the US, and i can vouch for the pollo, asada, pastor, and carnitas tacos.  Great food and friendly staff....i will eat here every trip to phoenix i take.
5	great tacos, try the al pastor and the lengua. guy fiere ateb here and loved it.
5	I had the fish taco and rice....it's was fabulous and really fresh. Loved it.
5	It's Ahwatukee. There are some awesome Mexican restaurants (Los Dos Molinos, Z Tejas if New Mexican works for you), but they come at a price.  This is not where most people would go for authentic Mexican food.Los Taquitos is just about perfect for what it is.  The food is delicious and the prices are on par with Filibertos, without tasting like Filibertos.  It makes complete sense Food Network featured this restaurant once you take a bite.Cons: It's in a strip mall between a Safeway and haircut place and a Walgreens and dive bar (Cactus Jacks), service is rushed, and condiments and hot sauce are available only if the restaurant isn't packed (usually isn't) and they're at the stand up front.Pros: Everything that matters.  Food is authentic and tasty, you can come here anytime for a hangover "breakfast" or lunch or dinner, and you can expect that whatever you order off the menu will come exactly as you'd hope (or better). Highly recommended.
3	Dueche fieri must have told them it's cool to charge $7 for a little breakfast burrito and $2 for a small coke. Decent food at a very high cost. I'll go to anybertos and get the same thing for half the price.
3	The food here is pretty good....but I'm not sure I'd call it great. Like many Mexican restaurants, I didn't feel the good was authentic but instead kids toned down. Still, I'd recommend giving it a shot.
4	Great Mexican food.  Prices are a lil higher than the ____berto's restaurants but the quality is much better.  Can get busy at lunch.
5	I cannot find a better chili relleno anywhere. Believe me, I've been searching for years. And the tacos are amazing, too! They also have great salsa. I would happily eat here every single day. As I write this review, my mouth is watering. The service isn't bad either, just laid back nice people at a counter. The only negative is that they don't sell booze with their spectacular food.
3	I don't really see the appeal and the 4-5 star rating, but it was decent food, pretty fresh, but it was a little more expensive than I thought, maybe I ordered the wrong stuff. I will definitely give it a second try and go from there. Definitely has that 'hole in the wall' feel.
3	I've been on a street taco kick lately..saw the stellar reviews for this place and decided to stop in when I was in the area. I had a veggie taco and an asada taco and they were both good, but nothing over-the-top special. Just another street taco really. Not bad but not 5 stars either. If I was in the area and wanted some tacos I would go again.
5	These girls sure do know how to make tacos! I love the tacos and the amazing salsas. Best Mexican joint in the valley by far. Not to mention the ladies working here are muy bonitas!
5	The Carne Asada is amazing. Very limited seating.
5	They have flower tacos!!!!! I tried just about all of the meats and I would suggest trying one of each as well they are all good. Little disappointed there was no salsa bar.
5	Wow what a hidden gem this place is!!! Stopped in with my mom and sister. I ordered a bean tostada, pastor street taco and some chips and salsa. Everything tasted fresh and amazing. Beans were creamy, salsa was a fresh pico de gallo, chips were crispy, and the pastor was succulent and a little hint of spice. My mom ordered the steak fajitas and they were well worth the wait. The meat was tender and flavorful and the onions and peppers were caramelized and perfectly seasoned. The rice had such a great texture and hint of flavor that I loved. My sister had a veggie street taco which I had a bite of and it was surprisingly good. It was beans, peppers, onions, potatoes and avocado. The only negative was the ladies bathroom was in disrepair and a little dirty. However the food and quick service was outstanding. I will definitely be back.
5	My favorite taco spot, period.I usually eat 7-8 (street) tacos in a sitting....the carnitas, carne asada, chicken are my favorites in that order.  Rice and beans finish the job nicely.I brought a coworker from Costa Rica here.  He didn't like the food in ANY of the local restaurants I took him to because none of the meat had the great flavor he was used to...except for this place.  He was horking down 12-15 carne asada tacos in one sitting!  Insanity, but a testament to how good their food is.  Five stars, every time.
5	Their tacos cant be beat. They are so good. I always get an assortment of tacos. And that's really the way to do it. Although my favorite is the steak tacos with flour tortilla. My only criticism is the wait. Always a long wait.
5	AMAZING. Best tacos I've ever eaten. Period. The street tacos are incredibly tasty. We always get a bunch if those and some guac and chips. Never disappointed.
3	The only thing I have liked that I've ordered are the burritos, and I love authentic mexican food so I think that says something. Everything else is just ok. Don't look around to closely as everything needs to be cleaned. The floor, around the soda machine, the walls, the roof tiles inside- all dirty. Definitely a dive. Seems to be a bit pricey also. My husband loves the burritos but it always seems like we spend a lot of money and leave hungry.
1	Would not recommend.  Food was good but I feel the refried beans were cooked from a pot of boiled beans that had burnt.  I like *ahumado* flavor but geez.  Bummer the tacos seemed good but i could not get over the flavor of the beans. Disappointed they would serve that
5	Great food, great prices, great atmosphere....period.I have gone to several places around town and always return to Los Taquitos. My family has liked it from our first bite. I have recommended it to severals friends an they have enjoyed their food.
5	This is my go to place for a really good beef enchilada. The red sauce is always flavorful, and the combo with rice and beans will surely satisfy your cravings. Even the rice and beans are delicious, and remind me of home. I'm never afraid to just order a good ol' bean & cheese burrito. With their salsa verde, it is the perfect choice if you just want something simple. Of course, they do have carne asada, a typical staple for any Mexican food joint, and theirs is pretty darn good. I always get it as a quesadilla, and I'm always happy with the decision. Don't let their old school tables fool you, this place is full of good food!
3	The food is good, but too pricey for a hole in the wall restaurant. This isn't anything special that you wouldn't find at any other mexican place. When I was there a man came and bought a $20 dozen tamales - FROZEN! Who in their right mind pays that much for frozen tamales?
5	Fantastic! Really great tacos , the carne asada and the chicken tacos were great. Also had the carne asada torta and that was superb too.
3	While visiting Phoenix, I couldn't wait to get my hands on some tasty authentic Mexican food.  (I lived in the southwest for almost 10 years and miss the Mexican food the most.)  So since I didn't know where to go, I relied on Yelp reviews and also I saw that Guy Fieri visited this place, so though it was worth a try. The food was good and the prices were decent for what you got, but in the end I walked away wishing my only chance to get great Mexican had been some place better.We started off with chips and salsa.  The chips seemed like they were homemade, they were crunchy and warm.  The salsa was great. I could've eaten more than the little cup they provided.  Also I am not used to having to pay for salsa and chips at Mexican restaurants so that was a little off putting. But for $2.50...salsa was good.We then had a couple of margaritas (regular and prickly pear).  I am not a fan of regular margarita's so I thought that one was okay.  But mine was delicious.  Prickly Pear was another thing you don't see much of on the East Coast, so delighted to have it.  And it tasted great, would have ordered more if I wasn't driving.For dinner I ordered the Burrito Bombero and my boyfriend ordered the 3 chicken enchiladas.  The burrito was good, and if you like spice, and I mean a lot of spice, then you might love it.  I am a spicy food fanatic, but this was just a bit too much.  I felt like I couldn't enjoy any of the other tastes of the burrito because my mouth was burning too much.  I think if they took the spice down just a tad, it would have been a lot better.  My boyfriend thought his enchiladas were a bit salty.  Not very impressed.  I thought they were just okay as well.  I have definitely had better.We probably should have gone with the (street) tacos since that seems to be where all the great reviews come from.  If I lived in Phoenix I would give it another chance. However since I don't when I am back I will have to find another place in search of the authentic Mexican food that I miss so much.
5	While visiting Arizona some co-workers of mine were recommending places to eat when the name Los Taquitos came up. With Mexican food being one of my favorite types of ethnic eats I knew while in the area I would definitely have to give this place a try and I'm glad I did.Situated in a safe and standard strip mall sits this spectacular site sure to satisfy your stomach. I walked in to see some very nice art of what appeared to be Santa Muerte or some other skeletons on the wall and placed my order. Per a recommendation from a co-worker I ordered the "bombero pollo".  Once my order was ready it was time to head back to my office and consume this.The bombero pollo was a chicken burrito with some hot sauce and cheese on the outside, I also got beans and rice with it. To start with the entree the hot sauce on the outside really gives this a lot of its flavor. It's fairly hot and I was warned ahead of time, but I'm no chicken, I merely eat chickens, on a burrito. The chicken and other ingridients were good, a little watery. Overall I was very impressed with the bombero pollo as the hot sauce was a great compliment.The rice and beans left a little to be desired. These tasted worse than the ones I get at my local Mexican restaurant in suburban Chicago. I'm willing to take a stab in the dark and guess they were frozen and thawed out due to the somewhat bunchy and odd consistency of bean dip. That's not to say they were bad, just not ideal or on par with what I've had other places.Overall, I really liked the Bombero Pollo, the hot sauce gives it a fantastic flavor. I'm a big fan of Mexican food and this place was fantastic and I would highly recommend it if you happen to be in Phoenix looking for some caliente lunch or dinner. Cinco stars for Los Taquitos.
4	Los Taquitos has always been a favorite at work.  Almost every Friday my co-workers and I make a giant order and it always comes out great!  Try the potato, egg, and cheese burrito (served all day).  Good stuff!
3	I wanted to love this place....but a couple things stood in the way. Start with the girl taking our order....she was rude and impatient. She tried to end our order 3 times. I kept have to say..."wait he's with me too" (took my crews out to lunch). Good was good and tacos were good. However, I kept getting a weird burnt taste in my mouth. I'm assuming the meat got a little burnt, which can happen. I will be back, because overall it was A O K. Want to give it another shot, and hopefully the meat won't be burnt.
5	All I have to say is that this place rocks. It gets crowded and they are always busy but I can't knock down stars for that. There food is on point all the time I never have any complaints aside from just the mass amount of people shoved inside the place. I've tried as much as I can on the menu and my go to item is the red chili beef, chimi or enchilada style burrito. The green chili pork is amazing as well. The chicken is good too but is grilled and not really marinated that much but I haven't tried it a lot. The tortas are another goto item for me as well. The carne asada is my favorite. Regardless of what you choose I doubt you'd be disappointed. Awesome place.
4	Food is always delicious. However the girl who takes the orders is very rude n impatient. I brought my family in to try (they are from out of town) n she kept getting an attitude when they asked questions even.though there was nobody behind us. I know what I like so I just order over the phone n pick up. Rather than dealing with her attitude
5	Best tacos in the valley.  Love this place, it's not pretentious or overpriced at all.  It is a little bit of a dive but a foodie would love this place
3	Great burrito, need to keep bathroom clean
5	I've been here a few times now after seeing it on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. I get the green pork burrito meal... It's to die for. The place is a little hole in the wall place that's always a full house. Definitely recommend
4	really enjoyed this place. got the carne asada bombero burrito and wow, the chipotle sauce was bomb.com. beans and rice were on point. only problem i had was how much tortilla there was compared to inside ingredients. tip: fill up on insides to bulk up burrito
5	Never a disappointment! The tortilla can really make or break a burrito and this place tops this list for authentic tortillas! Their red salsa is the perfect blend of spices, it's so delicious I have to put it on every single bite! My favorite thing to order is the AZ style burrito with steak. I have never tasted meat like it before! It's smokey and tender, juicy and flavorful with a hit of spice, just so tasty!
3	Consistently rude service, dirty! dirty! dirty! But....I can't complain about the food.  It's definitely fast food Mexican style...one of those places you just close your eyes and ears and enjoy the tastes.tip: don't ask for taquitos...even though the place is called los taquitos, they look at you funny if you don't call them rolled tacos!
3	I'd love to give this place a 5, but the food and service are inconsistent. We've gotten amazing taquitos here, and other times they've been burnt to a crisp and old tasting. Love the flavor of the beans, but the consistency is too thin and watery. The service you get will entirely depend on who is working at the counter -- one girl in particular is amazing, the others average, and one is always terrible. The horchata tastes like red hot candies (cloyingly sweet with artificial flavor) so I never bother, but I like both their red and green salsas. Definitely tends to be on the dirty side (floors, tables, etc.).
3	The service was very friendly but this is just fast food Mexican.  I think the quality of the food is good but it isn't exceptional.  I found the place perfectly clean.  My daughter loved her tacos and I had the enchiladas that were very good but nothing to write home about.  The pico was very good and the guacamole was average--but you can't expect more given the fast food nature of the place.  Come here for good food at a reasonable price but don't expect this to be Los Dos Molinos.
5	This place is legit! My friend from Yuma has claimed this is the most authentic Mexican food restaurants in phoenix. Story goes a little something like started as a food truck got popular. And was even featured by Guy Ferri (white hair dude on food network). I always order a variety of street tacos. Sometimes my friends will ask someone at the counter what they're favorite thing on the menu is. They've always been awesome suggestions. They were extremely satisfied (surprising bc neither of them are huge on Mexican food). I live this place and dine here regularly. As a matter a fact I'll prob go down for lunch today. 1$ taco Tuesday!!!
4	Awesome food fast service. The tacos are perfect and the rice and beans are like I have had in Mexico. Spot on
5	I freaking love this place! Their Arizona Burrito with chicken is amazing! My favorite little hole in the wall Mexican restaurant!
4	Went here for tacos this weekend. The food is amazing!!!! However, the line is not. I waited twenty minutes for eight tacos. Not an exaggeration. Twenty. Minutes. While I can't stand the wait, I still keep coming back because the food can't be beat.  Way to go Los Taquitos!
5	Oh my goodness, where do i even start. The steak tacos are probably the best tacos i have EVER had. The first bite and i was in love. The meat is full of a delicious, juicy, smokey flavor. Unfortunately i was only in town visiting, i live in California which means that i would have to drive 6 hours to get a hold of these tacos.
5	The tongue taco was like going on a vision quest. I now know the future and the future is tongue.if its good enough to make dinners drive-ins and dives its good enough for this lizard.I've had breakfast after a long swim from odo island. I've had lunch after a splash in Tokyo Bay. and its always been good. like make you forget what you were talking about good.everyone is like, "they be rude! they be rude!" maybe you be to serious and need to slow da role.All of these office mommies ( you know that annoying woman you work with) with hurt feelings because the girl at the counter didn't act like she was on a mommy daughter date. Honey, did you come to talk to a nice young lady or to eat the best tongue taco of your life? All of these babies complaining about how dirty it is. "oh no, oh no,oh no, I can't eat off the floor." B-A-B-I-E-S! I'll eat you because I know I won't get sick. RAWR!Reviewer Jimmy B. of Miami has a future in writing owners manuals.
1	Been coming to this place for about 3 years and it seems every time we return it gets worse. Today walking into the place the tables were dirty and there was a smell in the place that said " i need a good cleaning".I ordered a Carne Asada burrito and when I opened it to add green sauce all I saw was a tablespoon of Carne meat. I took it up and showed the cashier girl. Her response was of bewilderment when she pointed with her pen at the tablespoon of Carne meat. I then explained to her that in a Carne Asada burrito the Carne is the main ingredient not the beans and salsa. They remedied the situation by adding more meat but I should have to go up and show them proper portioning. Another person in the party got nachos with beef. To me nachos mean the chips topped with lots of cheese and whatever else you add as a topping. Well needless to say the nacho chips barely had a tablespoon of cheese on them. Inconsistent food, dirty environment, rude staff and not a positive experience. Many a time I vowed not to return but this was my last visit. Too many places in the area that care about quality of food and customer service. I also worked in the industry so I'm familiar with what a customer wants and expects when they walk into a food esyablishment.
5	Top-notch Mexican food from an unassuming storefront in an otherwise generic shopping center.  I was turned on to Los Taquitos by a friend who, despite certain dietary restrictions, will indulge in the tacos here when she needs her street food fix.  Coming from California, I have been mystified and befuddled by the lack of good, cheap Mom-and-Pop Mexican food joints in the Phoenix Metro Area.  It seems that when I have gone out exploring, I have been completely disappointed with bland, underseasoned, cafteria-style Mexican food that seems to be de rigeur in these parts.  This is not the case with Los Taquitos.The food here is a tremendous value.  You spend no more than you would at any other Mexican food hole-in-the-wall, but the flavor and attention to texture and food preparation is exceptional.  The hard-shell tacos have the proper jaw-rattling crunch, and the meat is well-seasoned and tasty.  They don't require too much hot sauce because they are so savory on their own, but the house-made green and red sauce condiments, add the perfect amount of heat and brightness.  I have also sampled the carne asada burrito, served enchilada-style (i.e., smothered in red simmer sauce), and found it to be spot-on as far as texture and taste.  The flour tortilla is soft and sturdy, whereas the beef is toothsome and appropriately salty and spicy.I fear that I have been ruined for all other quick-and-dirty Mexican food joints after eating here.  Los Taquitos sets the bar very high for this niche of restaurant, and the service is prompt despite the crowds of loyal patrons that jam-pack themselves into this small little place for a taste of spicy, savory, satisfying Mexican food heaven.
3	Very misleading name.  I expected them to atleast make Taquitos.But no, they have flautas.  Uhhhh not the same. Carnitas are too salty and they put salsa on my street tacos.  I don't want you to choose the salsa on my taco... Thank you.
3	I wasn't sure what to give Los Taquitos, 3 or 4 stars. Maybe 3.5. I had flautas with rice and beans. Flautas were pretty good, but c'mon, your rice and bean were bluuugh. I poured salsa over it to make it edible. Hubby ordered chili verde and enjoyed it tremendously. Don't bother with the rice and beans.
3	Uneventful veggie burritos and if you're salsa fanatic like me you have to ask for tons of salsa when you get it to go because they only want to give you two to go containers.  I do like the fact that when dining in you have salsa in squirty dispensers and both the red and green are quite good.Staff is very friendly and more than happy to give you those extra sauces to go.  I have to say the layout of the restaurant is quite uncomfortable.
5	My first sopa ever.  Yummy.  and the menudo was perfect too.  Casual, no fuss place. Its legit.
4	4 stars only becuause there is always a line! Lol, which I guess is really a good thing. Have tried their taco Tuesday $1 street tacos, their rice &  bean platters, even the menudo is muy delicioso... I kind of judge a place by how they make their Spanish rice. I grew up on some good stuff, so I know when rice is made good or too overlooked/undercooked. This place does it good  The decor in here is super cute, love the big Mexican skeleton drawing. Today tried the carnitas quesadilla. Good size portion & the meat was a decent ratio. It's hard to mess up a quesadilla! Call ahead if you are looking for to go.
4	um... yum! How had I not been here before? I work in the neighborhood and had been meaning to come here for a long time, but never got around to it. I finally went to Los Taquitos and was pleasantly surprised. The line was loooong, but went fairly quickly considering the size (we waited about 20 min in line). I came on a taco tuesday (1$ chicken and al pastor tacos) and had one al pastor taco, one carne asada taco, and a beef tamale. Each item was delicious and fresh tasting. The sauces on the meats were perfect and the salsas were perfectly spiced to complement the food. The tamale had a nice consistency and the meat was tender. I would definitely come here again, but maybe try to come at an off time.
5	I can't believe I didn't find this place sooner. They have great food and not so bad prices. The beans and rice are excellent! Their tacos on Tuesdays are a steal and some of the most delicious street tacos I've had in awhile.
4	Holy frijoles, Los Taquitos is like a lunchtime fiesta! I raced over on my work break to meet my Yelpmigos, the place was packed with wall to wall people. Crunched for time & it being my first visit I didn't order much, quesadilla con jalapenos & a diet coke. The cashier tried to warn me they'd be hot, they must have grown them in the pits of hell because I think they scorched my tongue! My quesadilla was good, hot yes but the peppers were tasty & fresh so I'd order them again! My food came out fast, and everyone's food disappeared just as quick as it appeared! I'll definitely be back, the food is good, the service is friendly and fast, it's also been Guy Ferrari tested and yelper approved!
5	Excellent Mexican food. Taco Tuesday is a good way to experience this place. The food and is very good. Friendly staff. Would definitely recommend and I'll be back. Breakfast burritos are delicious too.
4	I'm still trying to figure out how I lived seven-ish years in Ahwatukee, and somehow missed out on Los Taquitos! Came here a few weeks back with Yelpers Monica O., Cheryl B., Shannon E. and Rick N. for a lovely workday lunch. If it's your first visit, you absolutely MUST try the infamous street tacos. My first go, I tried the Carne Asada, Pollo, and Fish three taco meal with rice and beans. They were all delicious, but the Carne Asada was the star. Some of the best I've had in a long time. The spices worked well together, and no tough pieces were to be found. The Red Salsa they top everything with is nothing short of amazing. It's not blazing hot, but tastes great. I enjoyed it so much I dragged my Dude back out a Saturday that same week, where we discovered the Carnitas are right up there with the Carne Asada! Very tender, and it tasted like some type of apple and brown sugar rub was used. And again for another workday lunch when I got stuck on a client call and missed a vendor provided lunch.This place is small and gets packed at high noon quickly.Call it a dive; call it a dump. If you're coming here for ambiance (not delicious tacos), you're doing it wrong!I look forward to trying other menu offerings at Los Taquitos, but for now, I'm hung up on those amazing street tacos.Update 9/18: Tried the Bombero Burrito con Pollo. Do not order this if you hate spicy; also, it's massive (see photos) so SHARE. Barely ate half! Was able to sample the Vegetarian tacos, also delicious.
4	The two of us came here for lunch yesterday and found this taquitos place serving up some really delicious food. Now how did Mr Flavortown find it first?As disappointing as our trip to The Dump was, coming here was a major plus.   While I was sitting in one of the chairs searching Yelp for lunch, I found my bookmark of Los Taquitos. Thank you, Lord. I promise to stay out of places like TD. Promise. I vaguely remember an episode on DDD where Mr Flavortown recommended this place. What I do remember was Guy Fieri visiting a Mexican taquitos place that had five sisters making some great food from a family recipe.  I hadn't put it together until I was standing inline next to the spray painted "Guy Ate Here" smiling face (photo).Here's a challenge. I dare anyone to find a place like Los Taquitos serving up as delicious food for the prices that you can find here. My Street a Tacos (see photo of their el pastor, el pollo and carne asada) were only $1.29 each and were outstanding with just the right amount of heat. And, my friend's el pollo burrito meal for only $6.99, which included rice and beans, was equally delicious. So we enjoyed this trip to Flavortown and yes, Los Taquitos is a Four Star Bomb. Now do you think they'll miss a couple of squirt bottles of their red and green sauce?  Yes, Lord I'll put them back. Ugh. Enjoy!
4	We finally had the chance to stop and try Los Taquitos- El Bombadero (I'm sure i butchered that spelling) was by far the best of the four meals we had- but they were all tasty and left us full, satisfied and willing to come back again soon!
5	Having recently moved to the Phx area, I wanted to find a good Mexican place. Saw an old episode of DDD last night and the food looked so good. I decided to come in since I was in the area. I ordered the tacos. The asada has a really great flavor. It had a nice char taste. My GF ordered the asada chimichanga, and it was so delicious. I think I found the place I was hoping for.
5	YUM! Best place I've found so far in phoenix.This place packs flavor into their tacos. I went with my boyfriend last night and ordered the chicken street tacos. He got tacos al pastor. Both were so frikin good. My mouth was watering. And the green and red sauce they give you really take things to the next level. The tacos are pretty small so my boyfriend had to order some more food to fill him up and he got one of his personal favorites, tamales. He said they were some of the best he ever had. The prices are great too. Very inexpensive for such good quality.We moved here two weeks ago and this is the one of two places that we have loved. Other places we have tried out lack flavor and seem to love to pile on the cheese and sour cream to make up for it. Writing this review is making me relive the joy of eating there I might just go back tonight!
4	Outstanding food and service.  Very friendly!  Between my wife and I we have tried everything on the menu and we are never disappointed.  I would definitely recommend Los Taquitos to cure any Mexican food craving you might have.
4	We love to get take out at Los Taquitos on a busy week night when we are too tired to cook. They are super fast and dinner for 4 is usually under $20! I love the street tacos and my husband the ceviche. Son loves the carne asada burrito, daughter the tamales. Seriously something for everyone. There IS some variability in the spicy factor, but we are total regulars. Gotta try it!
4	I'm a sucker for carbs - burritos, rice, refried beans, you name it.  On a normal day, I'd get a burrito and be on my merry way but today I was greedy, and bit off more than I could chew (literally and figuratively).  I got a shrimp burrito meal.  I am stuffed and have no regrets.  Except that I realized on the way home, I forgot to get some of their amazing horchata.  Taking off a star cause of the girl at register who kept forgetting her previous sentence, and repeated everything at least twice.  If the food had been anything but amazing, this would have bugged the crap out of me, but thank god for their food.  It's been 4 hours - I'm still full.
5	Great food.  Tacos were outstanding; actually, all of it was outstanding...tostadas, burritos, rice, beans.  The staff is wonderful...very friendly.
5	Best tacos, I ever had in my life.
5	I'm coming back everyday!! I'm a New England native and know really  good fish! This place is clean, the fish is amazing and so are the prices !!!
5	Great place to grab a quick delicious bite.  I got the three street tacos and side of guac all for 6 bucks.  Not alot of seating but folks seem to cycle out.  Definitely enjoyed it.  Wish they had magaritas though.
2	Food is decent but service makes this place a risk.  They often lose orders or screw up the orders.  So, calling ahead to save time often turns into waiting for them to fix or create the order you gave them 20 minutes prior. You'd think a neighborhood restaurant would care enough to get an order right.  Quality also varies greatly for order to order. Try Burrito Company instead.
5	So good. Small little joint on the beaten path with excellent food at a great price. Authentic street tacos, burritos and tamales all made fresh. This was my first visit, it was busy at lunch time which I'm told is the norm, but for good reason. You'll have a few minutes in line to figure out what you want to order, take advantage of your time there and be ready to order when it's your turn. You won't be disappointed!
4	I was in the search for a good al pastor burrito, and I found just what I was looking for here at Los Taquitos! It was perfectly seasoned, with a slightly tropical twist of pineapple added to the meat and marinade. It was a sizable portion, especially since I ordered it enchilada style, smothered with some deep, rich tasting red chile sauce.Service was fast and friendly. Unfortunately, the soda fountain was out of order as the Diet Coke fountain only spurted out soda water. Overall, this is a great choice if you want filling and reasonably priced Mexican food.
2	It was okay.  Might have to give it one more try.
5	By far the best carne asada burrito in the valley. The meat is extremely tender and flavorful and the beans they put on them has an amazing smoky flavor . There street tacos are delicious . The service was quick and helpful. The restaurant was packed but the service was still fast .
3	I really wanted to like this place : (Hubby had tacos (lengua, asada y pastor) and he said they were the best tacos ever.I did not have any because the extra taco I had ordered for myself... was not actually in my order, so disappointment number one.Service was OK but not particularly friendly.2 - We ordered, sat to wait for our number, and people were coming and going... they seem to pay more attention to people with to go orders than to the customers in their dining room, which is a big turn off for me as a customer. Even a person in a neighboring table made conversation and asked what we had ordered, because he thought we were waiting for a while. Hubby got impatient and went to ask (they were like 10 numbers over our ticket number) and he was told the delay was because of our 'big' order... yeah, 3 tacos, a bowl of menudo and a drink.Well, the menudo was super hot... (are there any regulations about food temperature?  hehe) and in fact very tasty, but super stingy with the meat, I think they were leftovers and honestly they should have said 'we run out' instead of selling me a bowl of hominy. Well, I would have taken it at a discount, but not for regular price.So, it would have been great if it was a regular portion, but it was like 90% hominy, 10% pancita, so that is a big no-no in my book.We don't live anywhere close to this place, so I do not see ourselves coming back. Unless hubby really craves those awesome tacos one of these days.
4	Best burrito I have had since my move to the southwest! Can't wait to try more of their menu. Carne asada was perfectly cooked and the burrito had all of my favorite ingredients. I'm definitely an onion and cilantro only kinda gal, which is what came standard in the burrito. Yummmm!
5	Best taco place ever I refuse to eat anywhere else. The chicken tacos are the best you'll never be disappointed with anything you get on the menu! Family owned and operated, you can feel and taste the love in their cooking
5	If you love authentic street tacos, this place is a must try!  Their enchiladas are also awesome and the carne asada is fantastic too.  If you're going for lunch during the week, I would recommend calling in your order.  They are usually very busy during that time.
5	This place is so good we stopped by again on the way to the airport to bring some burritos home to Seattle with us!!! We even smuggled the salsa home!
4	This place was recommended by a friend and it turned out to be very good. Pictured below is a steak and shrimp quesadilla with pico de gallo, and their two sauces. Quality is excellent, everything is fresh. I'd recommend to anyone in the area or passing through.
4	Wow! I had heard of this place on diners, drive ins and dives. We were in the area so we stopped in. I'm so happy we did. The food was so delicious. I had the beef flautas meal with rice and beans. The husband had a carne asado burrito. We split a carne street taco, best I've ever had. They give you your own hot sauce bottle,  which is great cause I can never have enough. I will definitely be back.
5	Best Authentic Mexican Food in town around. I would typically travel the ways to Don Ponchos for some bomb.com type of food. I found their replacement. Must try spot. Tacos on point along with their Menudo and burritos. The Pastor has flavor like no other, that alone has me coming back for more.
5	Delicious Mexican food spot in Arizona! Guy Fieri (from Food Network) has eaten here! thought that was really cool! I'd definitely be back next time I'm out in AZ! Their tacos are great!!!!
3	Been here twice now and in short, Meh. The food is fine. There isn't really anything to complain about as far as flavor, but the flow within the restaurant is hampered because it is really narrow and the portions are smaller than at comparable places. I consistently leave hungry.
4	I was pretty excited about trying this place out after looking at posted photos on YELP and reading a descriptive menu online.Smiling employees upon arrival. Morning Torta is very good. Breakfast burrito is very good. I would definitely go back.
