3	I was pretty pleased with the food here.The layout is somewhat awkward and I was seated in a little room that feels a little like an offshoot of the actual restaurant, but I like the privacy and the views of the bar and strip.I started with a wedge salad topped with bleu cheese, bacon and pear. I think the pear is kind of an afterthought and not necessary for the salad. I enjoyed the dressing quite a bit, but had hoped for more bleu cheese crumbles and for the bacon to be slightly more crisp. Then I had the ribeye steak smothered with bleu cheese and a side of mushrooms. This was prepared perfectly and I was very happy with the flavors and textures. A nice piece of meat. Overall, I was pretty happy with my meal. I liken this restaurant more to an upscale cafe than a restaurant, even though I know they don't want to be thought of in that way. The prices are slightly higher than a cafe, but the atmosphere and dining hours definitely resemble that of a cafe. So, I guess I'll call it a hybrid.The food was pretty good, but the prices were a little higher than I would like to pay for a cafe, so I think it deserves 3 stars. Luckily I didn't have to pay.Not sure I'll be going out of my way to come back, but if you're in the area and looking for some grub after hours, then go for it. There are so many other better food options here, I'd make this a last resort.
2	This was a tough decision for me between 2 and 3 stars.  The Cosmopolitan is BEAUTIFUL, and so is The Henry. Our hostess was fantastic, but our waiter was a grumpy jerk. God forbid I politely ask you for vegetarian options? Apparently he found this to be out of his job description and also spilled a cup of butter on my friend. He sucked. We asked to be switched to another section and our next waiter was FANTASTIC. In fact, so was our hostess, bus boys, etc so Im going to give the atmosphere and service ( despite douchey waiter #1 ) 5 stars. The food... just didn't cut it. Soup = blandpotatoes= blandSalad= laughable. Seriously romaine, a slice of tomato and vinaigrette, the size of my fist for 12.00. Go for drinks, but don't go hungry!
4	the late night breakfast was very good.  We all could not stop moaning with pleasure over the potato cakes.
4	Went here on NYE, so you know the kitchen and staff were stretched to the limit. NEVERTHELESS, the food and drinks were fantastic. I had a Cosmopolitan, figuring that a namesake can never go wrong. It was fantastic, and the best Cosmo I had in years. The food was superb, with all five dishes being excellent and well-priced for the Strip. The crab appetizer was fantastic, the prime rib great, and the fish truly excellent. A great place for people watching, and if that doesn't suffice, there's a ton of big-screen TV's. AND, the drinks are strong.
3	Was just here with fellow yelper Lila H. when we were in Vegas this past weekend...Overall experience was not so bad...but I've definitely had better brunch elsewhere for a fraction of the price we paid. I was here on an incredibly empty stomach and hunger was clawing at me like an angry animal, but considering how food usually tastes phenomenal when you're starving, the Henry didn't quite quench that hunger. Sure my stomach was full afterwards, but other than filling the empty void, my mouth and tastebuds were left wanting more.Lila H. ordered the Henry burger which she ate open-faced. She said that without the buns, the burger really wasn't that special. The fries that came with it though, were delicious. Not quite shoestring, but skinny enough.As famished as I was, I ordered the caesar salad, short rib benedict, and a side of the truffle tater tots. Caesar salad was okay - lacked the spiciness that I think Caesars need to be considered superb. Short rib benedict was recommended by the waitress when I couldn't make a decision between two entrees (fyi, i always love to ask the waitstaff what they like)...i wasn't really disappointed but I felt that the sauce created for the short rib could have a little bit of sweetness to it. Maybe it's because when I think of short rib, I think of the Korean version (galbi), but something was definitely missing and it fell short of culinary excellence. The meat itself was moist and succulent and my eggs were poached perfectly, but overall, the dish lacked a certain je ne sais quoi. Also, in addition to the potato base, I think I would've like the addition of some sort of bread.My favorite part of the meal was the truffle tater tots! I absolutely love love love truffle flavored anything and the tater tots had a healthy dose of truffle fried right into them. Lila H. thought that it was too truffly, but I absolutely loved it. The truffle flavor was so aromatic that I could smell and taste it simultaneously with every bite and the tater tots were fried to a perfect crispity crunch.
3	Had to wait a few minutes to be seated... food was good but not sure if it's the best hang over food. I much prefer me something soupy and noodle-y and asian after a night of hardcore drinking. The hostess was pretty, a definite plus! The waiters were polite but I think the service is a bit slow. Took a while for our food to come out, I had time to go back up to our hotel room (which was in the Cosmo) and pick up my wallet which I had forgotten and by the time I came back our food was still not out yet. Even the drinks took a while which shouldn't be the case since those don't even take pre time really.I got the Signature Short Rib Benedict - braised short ribs, hollandaise, crispy potato cakes. It was good but the flavor was a little off for me for some reason, maybe my taste buds hadn't recovered from the night before, who knows?!When we left though we saw that there were a bunch of open seats and even as we were waiting, there were open spots but they said they were preparing our table already. I guess just like how it took a while to prepare our drinks, it took them a while to prepare our table too.
3	After a long painful night of walking around in heels henrys was the closest place to grab a bite. The food was good but not amazing for me to remember. Our waiter, although very tentative to us, kept forgetting to bring me my hot tea after having to ask 3 different times. They weren't busy so I couldn't really understand the hold up. I did like how it was close to one if the bars where they played throw back music of the 80s an top 40s of the 90s.
4	The selection wasn't huge, but the less the better when you're deciding at 2 am, right? The Henry was there, delicious and open just as I was getting the hunger dizzies from the long days of indulgence.I stuck it out and opted for the chicken salad sandwhich with seed-encrusted berry toasted bread and truffle tots. I chose unwisely at first with the fruit cup, which was way to small. Just choose the tots and run it off on The Strip in the morning like I did. You'll be pleased.Overall, reasonable prices for the quality of the sandwhich and the service is quite good.
4	Friendly service and good food combine to provide a pleasant surprise in the Aria. I had the fish and chips. The cod was flavorful, white, and plentiful. The dish was served with fries sure to satisfy your salt cravings. He had the veggie burger the likes we'd never seen. Actual chopped veggies held together with an egg, milk and bread crumbs concoction of some sort. The truffle tator tots delight. A good value for The Vegas.
3	so while i was staying in vegas i happened to be staying at the cosmopolitan. its regular dinner food with maybe a little upgrade. i had the fish and chips which i substitute the fries with their tater tots. the food itself is so so, but the service is kinda slow and not the most attentive. i went there three nights in a row and each time the service was kinda slow. but the tater tots are to die for hahaha they are truffle tater tots cooked to a perfect crunch.....if you come here during a weekend the bar across plays the music really loud and if your looking for a place to be able to talk after a night of clubbing might not be the best idea. overall its a cool place just needs the servers to be more attentive.and yes during these times the restaurant wasnt crowded and there were times where all the servers gathered by the bar and stood there chit chatting with their backs towards the customers. tsk tsk not the best practice.
3	Food was pretty good. After 2 hrs of dead ends it was the only thing we could find open on a sunday night to get some food believe it or not.  Little bit pricey though.
4	If you want somewhere to go for lunch or dinner, that isn't going to break the bank and you can go in wearing casual clothes and get decent food, then go to The Henry.  When the 4 of us walked in at 6:30pm, we thought for sure there was going to be a line and probably not be able to get in.Nope!  Sat us right away.  We all had a cocktail (they have decent beers too) and ordered a light dinner. Ordered-- The 'Wedge'wedge of iceberg, crisp bacon, pear brulee & pt. reyes bleu cheese dressing.  This also came with chicken on it.BRILLIANT!  It wasn't crazy filling, it was perfect!- The Henry- hearts of palm, marinated baby beets, slow roasted tomato & crumbled goat cheese.  She asked for the goat cheese to be omitted (and it wasn't!) but she said it was good.- Roasted Free Range Chicken Breastsmoked gouda mashed potatoes, market vegetables & pan jusThere wasn't anything left on his plate!They bring out delicious bread sticks before your entree- yum!I would definitely go here again for a quick bite to eat!
4	On the Sunday night of the President's holiday weekend, the strip and the Cosmopolitan were packed with people. The Henry was the first restaurant we were able to get into without a long wait. For immediate seating, we sat at the bar. The young bartender, Dan, recommended the munchie burger and most of the people sitting at the bar were eating one. So, we ordered the munchie burger and the pan seared salmon. The munchie burger is made with homemade potato chips stacked under the bun and was an excellent burger. The pan seared salmon was well seasoned and was served over a bed of small cubed potatoes, green beans, bacon, and some spring greens. We would definitely go back again.
3	Review for LUNCH (Monday, Feb 21) PRICE: pricey... for 2 people at lunch $76 (of course we did have a cocktail each which contributed to about 1/3 of the price) ATMOSPHERE: an upscale cafe across from Bond Bar SERVICE: 2-2.5 stars - walked up around 11:30am and was sat right away at a table with no flatware or bread plates, just napkins... took them about 5 minutes to locate flatware but didn't bring any bread plates (this will become key later) - server was busy with a couple of other tables so it took another 5 minutes before he was able to make his way over... he was VERY nice and attentive ... took our orders and off he went - water glasses remained un-filled for another 5-7 minutes ... turns out they waited to fill our water glasses until they brought out our drinks... odd - appetizer was brought out but no appetizer plates and since we didn't have bread plates...we sat there staring and trying to gain the attention of any one of the 3 different wait staff helping the other tables ... no such luck... even the guy that was dressing the table next to us didn't notice... so we took the bread plates off that table (literally arm's length away)... so strange! -our server was Nice but it just seems like he was a bit too busy maybe the manager didn't have enough people on staff that day FOOD/BEV: 3 stars average Bloody Mary's - 2.5 stars - a little on the watery side... I've had better at golf courses and for $12 a pop... I won't be ordering it again from them Deviled Eggs - 3.5 stars - for $15 you get 3 halves... they have crab and caviar but still... seems a little steep to me (and I don't mind paying a lot if the food and service are really good)... better than your average deviled eggs, but not over the top spectacular that I would order them again Lobster Club - 3 stars - Good size portion that looks like a Scooby Do sandwich.... thick pieces of toast with lots of chunks of lobster with creamy avocado pieces... but the downside was that the mayo was killing the lobster... I mean... they need to ease up on the mayo... and add a hint of seasoning like dill, garlic salt and lemon (which I did when I took 1/2 home... it did the trick...YUM) Chicken Salad Sandwich - 3.5 stars - Another good size sandwich loaded with meaty chicken... like the above... too much mayo... it was served on a cranberry nut bread which was Awesome! Fries - option served with LC - 5 stars - thin like shoestring and perfectly salted... definitely put them on my Drunk Food menu. Tater Tots - option served with CSS - HOLY YUMMINESS! Again 5 stars! Nice crunch on the outside and steamy hot on the inside with a hint of truffle oil or maybe it was truffle salt... either way... YUM! These will be the reason I go back to The Henry.
2	I'm on the fence... But I give The Henry 2.5 stars. I'm shock myself to why a restaurant in the Cosmopolitan would have poor service and serve low quality food. My friends and I dined in for the "Late Night" that is available from 11 pm- 6am. It was  3am Saturday morning and there were a couple of diners but not crowded at all. But boy, it took such a long time for our food to come out. After waiting what seem like forever, the food quality was a let down. Especially if you order the fresh fruit as your side because the pineapples artificial, too chewy and flavorless. That goes for the meat burgers as well. Just because it's late night dinning doesn't mean the food has to be horrible, right? Drunk people deserve quality food too!
4	my only complaint about the henry was that it was hard to find for us.  we came from the aria and there were no signs for the cosmopolitan from the aria.  and once inside the cosmopolitan there were no signs were the henry.  there was one sign that said restaurants but it pointed to an all saints store!we had brunch here and i thought it was good!the service wasnt bad but it wasnt stellar either.  i had the soup of the day which was a prime rib soup with seasonal veggies.  when it came it was bright red so i was skeptical.  it was actually more like a beet and prime rib soup.  it was actually pretty good.  i had the henry which is just a normal breakfast of 3 eggs, a meat, and potatoes which i subbed for fruit. i asked for sausage links but im 50% sure they gave me chicken sausage instead.  i wasnt too picky so i ate it anyways.
5	Best hotel coffee shop i have been to in Vegas. Bar none the truffle oil tater totts rock !
4	The Henry is conveniently located at the North/East entrance of the Cosmopolitan in front of a flashy bar with crystals glistening with pink lights in the center.  It was elegantly decorated and reminded me of Henri Bendels.  The chairs looked uncomfortable to sit in but they weren't. The food was awesome!  We ordered crab cakes, french onion soup, Belgium waffles and omelette made to order with my choice of tomatoes, ham and onions.  The Maryland Blue crab cake came with one circular cake but full of real crab meat and just enough pommery dressing on top.  The French onion soup came out very hot and steamy, just the way I like it, with a lot of cheese on top!  It was awesome.  The broth had a lot of flavor with cooked onions.  The omelette wasn't that great because the egg was overdone and I didn't order the best ingredients to go in the omelette.  Overall, the location, the vibe, the decorations and food was FOUR star worthy in a FIVE star worthy hotel.
3	Went for breakfast at 10:30, a little more than half full, would have expected impeccable service, but was sorely disappointed.  I must say that, at least for breakfast, the menu os fantastic.  The food did not exceed our expectations.  Overcharged, but the waiter politely corrected the bill.  Very slow service after the meal was delivered,  in fact we were totally ignored with empty water glasses, coffee, and mimosas until we begged for our bill.  It was "service by committee, with at least five different people bringing food.  Didnt know who to hols accountable.Menu - 5 starsFoood -  3+ starsService - 2 starsHost was excelent and very accommodatingLikely to return for breakfast: yes.  I think they can do better and wiill give some other items on the menu a try.
4	We went here for brunch on Sunday. I appreciated that they still served breakfast items at 2:00pm in the afternoon. And the options were great - everything from basic eggs and bacon to delicious sounding french toast. They also have a great cocktail menu.To drink I ordered their twist on a bloody mary - it was made with garlic vodka and basil. Very yummy! And for an entree, I opted for their signature short rib hash. The short ribs were perfectly done - super tender. And major props for the eggs being perfectly done too - just the right amount of firm and runny. And my date wouldn't stop raving about whatever it was that he ordered.The service was slow - and it wasn't busy in the restaurant at all. But the food was great enough that we didn't really mind.So based on the brunch experience, we will definitely be returning to try out other menu items.And I really liked the atmosphere / decor too.
3	Decent food. Pretty setting. The Henry is the Cosmo's version of a coffee shop or diner, with a little bit more pizazz and much nicer booths. The decor and food are slightly elevated from your typical Vegas coffee shop. Decor is probably the best part. Very luscious booths and nice comfy chairs.  Gorgeous light fixtures!  The tables along the outer edge of the space, near the entry-way, are not separated from the rest of the hotel by any glass, making for some great people watching as folks walk by coming in from the hotel's street entrance.The food itself is a bit disappointing. Its just not as good as you're expecting based on the decor. It has a lot of potential and ambitious goals - "revamped classics" is their goal. The menu is definitely classic and trying to be revamped, but its not knock-your-socks-off good. There are a lot of places that ARE managing to do the classics in the way that this place is trying to accomplish.  But I'm not gonna totally dis this place and give them the benefit of the doubt...The hotel hasn't been open that long and so hopefully, they'll keep working on the food.As for what was actually eaten, I had the prime rib plate which comes with mashed potatoes, horseradish sauce and au jus.  It was decent and hit the craving I was having at the moment.  My dining partner had the pot roast, which she said wasn't exactly what she thought it was...but I'd take that comment with a grain of salt since her palette and dining experience are pretty limited. She thought she getting something like a carved hunk of meat but got something that was more like a thick beef stew....in the menu it was described as "braised short ribs" so to me it looked like what that sounds like.  The free breadsticks with dinner are super - nice & soft & warm! Perfect with butter!  My mojito was alright. Prices were as expected, not cheap but not outrageous.  Service was adequate. Actually I guess it was a bit fake?  My dining partner (the boss lady) wanted some sort of cocktail but she wasn't sure what she wanted AND she doesn't really drink anything other than girly fruity drinks so she asked our waiter for a recommendation. He didn't have one so he asked her what she liked..like what specific fruit do you like in your fruity drinks. She told him she wanted something with raspberries. He said he would have the bartenders make her something with raspberries and vodka, "just for her"...He came back with a drink with dragonfruit that was straight off the menu!  He told her that the bartender "thought she might like this one better" based on what he reported she liked!!! Fake! Whatevs, dude! She was all impressed and thought that was sweet....I just this was dumb and totally not true...The bartender refused to make something off menu. Please. Anyways, its minor but I thought that was lame. Just be honest!  Someone more attentive would not have been pleased with that. Pros: Breadsticks, decor, people-watching, comfort foods, simple/familiar items, quality ingredients.Cons: No bathroom in the resto itself (you'll have to exit & use one of casino level bathrooms).Great, stable place to eat if you're frequenting the Cosmo. Not worth a special trip just for this place.
3	Came here for brunch. Service was particularly slow that day, and I'm not sure it would always be that case. Ordered an towelette with toast and potatoes. Their Henry potatoes are pretty good -- a personal mixture from what they said. Would recommend trying if you're trying to get out of the buffet's for a meal
5	After reading other reviews I wonder if we are all eating at the same place?Went for lunch and the food was awesome, my husband had the Rueben, the corned beef was wonderful! He raved about his sandwich and we both loved the truffled tater tots, so yummy you don't even need to dip them in anything! I had the Lobster club, I really enjoyed it, topped with avocado and bacon it tasted wonderful, I get full fast for I removed the middle layer of bread.The decor reminds me of an old school gentlemen's club, deep wood tones and leather very rich feeling, pricing is about what you would find on the StripAnother plus real fresh squeezed orange juice yummy!Will be dining at The Henry again for sure!
4	Best Burger I have had in a long time.  It was cooked perfectly.  The ambiance is nice and fun to people watch those walking into the casino.  The truffle tots were excellent as well.  Minus one star because the service was slow, good, but slow.  I will have to give this place a try (sober this time) when I go back in July and see if the food is still as good as I remember.
4	The Henry is a modern style hotel coffee shop.  It's near an entrance and not enclosed, so you have good views of one of the bars and the casino.My BFF and I went for breakfast and both of us really enjoyed the food.  I had the egg white omelette with mushrooms, spinach, and asparagus.  I was surprised how tasty it was.  My only complaint was the price...$14.00.  Yikes!  My BFF had 'The Henry' which was 3 eggs, bacon, ham, sausage, toast, and breakfast potato.  She raved about the breakfast potato, and liked it so much that she ordered another one.  Her dish was $15.00.  It costs us about $50.00 for breakfast, including tip.  The food was great, and they use quality ingredients and upscale tableware.  My only complaint is that it's overpriced.
4	Ate here 3 times during our stay at Cosmopolitan. Once during lunch upon arrival and twice after going out to the clubs. The place was pretty decent every time we went. The service was good, but nothing over the top. Prices were somewhat high, expected being in such a nice property like Cosmo. The food was actually very good. I love that they give you options to get tater tots in substitution for anything that comes with fries. I always prefer the texture of taters vs fries, so it definitely worked out in my favor. Their French Dip is awesome and their burgers are extremely good. Breakfast items are OK. I'm no expert in beef, but their burgers must be made with some high quality beef, it was amazing! Looks as if this restaurant is 24 hours a day, so it would be perfect for anyone looking to party out at Marquee or someone who is partying right there on the property.
4	As we were killing time waiting to go to the airport, we decided the Cosmo would be a good place to finish up the trip. For a little breakfast we decided we would go to the Henry. In terms of price for the amount of food we got, I thought it was very good value. To start off with - coffee and they know how to serve it too, with a large cup!I got "The Henry" which consisted of eggs any way, toast, sausage (or bacon) and breakfast potatoes. Eggs, well its hard to mess them up, and I did ask for mine over easy - cooked perfectly. Toast is toast. The sausage though - it was a chicken apple sausage (they gave me three); wonderful flavor and the it wasn't overly fatty like some breakfast sausages can be. The breakfast potatoes were also very good - lightly crisp on the outside, soft on the inside AND full of flavor, just the way I like them. Would gladly eat here again.
4	We had a few hours before we had to leave for the airport to catch our flight home so we decided on getting some breakfast.  The girlfriend and I made our way to the Henry at the Cosmopolitan for some food.  The Henry is open 24 hours a day and serves breakfast from 6AM to 11AM.  While it may be just a 24-hour diner, it gives the impression of being much more.  At a minimum, it certainly strives to be the best 24-hour diner in town.I had the Build Your Own omelette with thick-sliced bacon, wild mushrooms, caramelized onions, and Monterey Jack cheese.  The omelette can with toast and home fries.  I washed it down with coffee.  The portions are big, the food is made with quality, fresh ingredients, and most importantly it tastes great!  Likewise, the huge mug of coffee was hot, fresh, and bold and flavorful.  Service was attentive, keeping the coffee and water glasses full.The Henry has got my vote for having one of the best breakfasts on the Strip.  It may not be the cheapest place, but you'll leave feeling satisfied without the queasy, greasy feeling you get after having breakfast at a Waffle House.  Definitely worth checking out!
5	One of the best meals in Vegas yet! Burger and Wedgie salad YUM!
4	Great breakfast food and service (our waiter Saturday morning was Larry). Get there before all the hung-over folks do, for the best brunch experience.Good portions, comfortable, in the Cosmopolitan Resort which is right next to the Bellagio.
4	i seriously didn't think much of this place before I came here. After leaving on a full stomach, my opinion was changed.The service was impeccable and the drinks were delicious.I got the slow-roasted prime rib with side of mushrooms and side or mashed potatoes. it was one of the best prime rib I have ever had.I also loved the fact you could people-watch from your table because the restaurant is near one of the many entrances in the COSMOPOLITAN.it's definitely a very fancy 24-hour diner.
3	Decent food and decent prices...The Henry was our "sobering up" choice this past weekend after a day of drinking on the strip.  We ventured in for an early dinner at about 5:30 pm and the place was not busy at all...just a few other patrons...which was nice.We ate at the bar and had an awesome and friendly bartender serve us.  I didn't get his name (young, bald, cute), but he really was great.  The service is also fast.  I ordered the chicken Caesar salad and my husband had the salmon.  My husband really enjoyed his dish.  Mine was good, but could have used a bit more seasoning in the dressing or chicken or somewhere???  The croutons, however, were almost life changing...so good!!!  The prices were about average...not cheap, but not expensive either.I would suggest The Henry to anyone looking for a quick, but non fast food bite to eat.  I will most definitely be returning to The Henry on my next Vegas visit!!!
4	Dined here twice during my debaucherous stay at the Cosmopolitan since it was easily accessible and it didn't require having to step outside the grounds.On my first visit, I had the French Onion soup and beef dip with truffle tator tots. The French Onion soup wasn't the best I ever had, but it was decent enough to make any fan of the soup happy. The beef dip was nothing to write home about either, but it was passable. The truffle tator tots on the other hand... now THOSE were the cat's meow!! May be too salty for some, but I love anything with truffle salt.During my second visit, I was a little more bright eyed and devoured a plate of the wedge salad, an order of their buffalo wings and a bloody Mary to wash it all down with. The Henry doesn't offer mind-blowing food, but just a few basic comfort foods to ail one's hangover and for that, it does the job just right. Just be sure not to come here broke cuz the food ain't cheap!
3	This place is great after a night of partying in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. A bit pricey for my taste (since I can get much for food in chinatown for the same price), but still really good if the "partying munchies" are calling you.I had the Reuben and truffle tots... and let me tell you... these tots are RIDICULOUS! I love tots... and this is where I first found truffle tots (the second one was TastyBunz... please see my review on that too!).The first bite of those tots was like as if an orchestra was playing "alleluia" in the background. I can't have tots now... unless they are truffle tots. Also, I am a HUGE reuben fan.... and this was awesome. The bread is not soaked in oil. It isnt healthy, but it doesnt give you super oily fingers either. If you go during a weekend, be prepared to wait a bit
4	Nice, relatively quiet place for breakfast on the strip. The bacon was some of the best I've had. I'd come back for that alone.
4	The Henry was just the laid back bar we were looking for adjacent to a much more hipster bar with live DJs. So we got the benefit of the music from that while sitting in our comfy cushioned bar chairs. We ordered a few cocktails and decided to eat just a little something. We didn't want a full meal, but saw they offered up truffle tater tots as a side. We asked the bartender if we could order just that side and she instantly obliged. They arrived very quickly and we were in foodie awe. Where have these been all of our lives?!?! We have truffle salt at home but never thought about this combo. We ended up ordering a second plate of tots and are thinking of coming back to get more before our trip is over. If you come here for dinner or for a drink, order the truffle tater tots.
4	Truffle tater tots.  They are crispy.  They are savory.  They are delicious.Had a chicken salad sandwich that was also very good.I love how their serve their orange juice shaken and poured into a martini glass.  Classy.
5	Went here when the Wicked Spoon buffet line was too long on Sunday morning and so glad I did.  This place had fantastic food and service was very good.  My girlfriend and I both had the Build Your Own Burgers.  I was still in the mood for breakfast so I had mine topped with bacon and an egg, as well as avocado and cheddar cheese.  I requested it medium rare and it was prepared perfectly.  My girlfriend had hers with mushroom, bacon and cheddar (she gives this place 4 out of 5 stars).  As our sides we tried the fries and tatter tots.  Both were great.  Ask for a side of their ranch too, outstanding!I highly recommend going to The Henry over the Wicked Spoon since you will save time and money.  I'll definitely be back when visiting the Cosmopolitan.
2	came here with my friends after a night out because it was the only restaurant in the cosmopolitan that offered soup.Our waiter did not have any other tables to wait on except for ours yet service was abysmal. He didn't know what the seasonal soup was, only two of our party of 5 ordered starters (not the share-able ones) and he assumed that the other three would want to wait for the entrees to all be brought out at the same time after the starters. The french onion soup was inedibly salty, the crab cake is above average but very small.The bread for the table was brought out after we had finished our starters. The entrees were only so-so, the chicken pot pie had a great filling but the crust was worse than the crust on microwaveable chicken pot pie-- the kind you get from the frozen dinner aisle. The blah food combined with the painfully neglectful service was so not worth the 30 per person lunch bill, for that same price you'll get better food at a vegas buffet!
4	Our group of friends were starving by the time we arrived here after waiting in line and getting stamped for Marquee. Got some hot, crispy chicken wings and crispy fries. Taste just the way it should be. Delicious.
3	My mom had breakfast here a couple months back and has been raving about the potato hashbrowns ever since. We stopped in during brunch hours. I looked over the breakfast options, $16 for bacon and eggs? I think not. The build your own burger for $15 seemed like a deal by comparison. We were able to sub the fries for the hashbrowns.I had a medium burger (actually prepared to order) with monterrey jack, carmelized onions and bacon. It was surprisingly good. The bun was soft and airy. I was pleased how well it complemented the burger. Too often bunds are dry and dense. The hashbrowns were breakfast potatoes formed into a cake. The didn't thrill me. Even my mom was left wondering why she recalled them being so tasty. Service was prompt and friendly. I'd return.
4	Date/Time:  Sunday - 3amOccasion:  Post-Marquee munchingParty of: FiveLocation:  Modern, Contemporary look with dim lighting. Super comfy seating!Ordered:  French Onion Soup, Buffalo Chicken Wings, and Fish & ChipsTotal incl gratuity: ~$40Somehow stumbled into Henry's after an eventful night at Marquee.  I wasn't ultra hungry, just wanted something nice and warm in my tummy.  Opted for the french onion soup and boy was I glad I did.  It was so delicious.  The broth was incredibly rich.  Cheese perfectly melted atop the soaked crouton.  I definitely recommend it!  I had the hankering for chicken wings but when it arrived, I wasn't feeling it so much so I only had one.  It was a little dry; nothing special.  Service is minimal although they definitely do their job.  It was quite busy at 3am but then again it was a Saturday night - fourth of July weekend and well, it is Vegas, so I'm sure everyone is there satisfying their cravings.
4	I've been to The Henry twice now (both times for the brunch) and I found that some things are really great, while others are very plain.My hands down favorite is the short ribs benedict. Everything about this dish is awesome if you like eggs benedict. I also recommend the Reuben if you are in more of a lunch mood. Its made correctly with the artisan bread and the great dressing. You must get the tater tots. The little potato nuggets we loved in elementary school are all grown up at The Henry and they will delight you in a whole new way.Things I was not too impressed with was the Huevos Rancheros. This might as well had been a breakfast burrito of some sort. Unimpressive looking, but the flavor of the meat was o.k.The french onion soup was very blah. Lacks a good broth underneath the cheese. The Henry Burger... for $15 its overpriced, and upstairs of the Cosmo there is Holstein's which provides a much tastier option.So be careful of what you order, it can really make or break this place for you.
4	Egg & cheese sandwich with a side of fresh fruit and a smile from the SUPER friendly wait staff. Now, I realize this sounds SIMPLE, however, NORMALLY when I order fresh fruit on the side, it's like one strawberry on the top with melons and then some more melons. No thanks. Their fruit had mangoes, black berries, blueberries, grapes and all kinds of other yumminess. I dig it.  My girlfriend and I super enjoyed breakfast here - her favorite special item was the fresh grapefruit juice. I liked the overall experience, the food was great and so was the service.
3	After a wild crazy night on the vegas strip, stumbled upon Henry's in our hotel at the cosmo and decided to chow down on some breakfast before we passed out.. and this is what i orderedhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Er8DpPwf_lHHv64ncWhD8g?select=O-T1Lufo--UIZ4xLsQkLYQFor $16..Huevos Rancherosmarinated steak, avocado, peppers, onions scrambled eggs, jack cheese & ranchero sauceThe Huevos Rancheros is a great tasting dish and would definitely order again. Good amount of avocado was placed superbly onto the hot melting cheese that engulfed the flour tortilla filled with marinated steak, onions and doused with ranchero sauce...mmmmmm.. what more can you ask for for !  Yes its a bit on the heavy side compared to the other breakfast items but it sure made me feel alot better after a night of heavy dosage of drinking.
4	I read a review on Yelp about how good their French Dip sandwich is and really wanted to try it, but it was the weekend and their brunch menu is served until 5pm. Oh well, the build your own burger made up for it. The shoestring fries are delicious! The service was a bit but slow although we waited less than 10 minutes for a party of 5 and this was after waiting over 30 minutes at Holstein's upstairs. Definitely glad we came here instead. Left full and satisfied. If you're hungry, order the spinach artichoke dip for a starter. You won't regret it.
5	Bacon infused makers mark for breakfast. That deserves high fives all around. Taylor ham. ..  For a jersey boy, sold. Shortrib benny,  crispy corned beef...  Maybe just my staycation love of cosmo, brunch, off shopping, cochon soon...
3	We came here for some late night noshing.Mambo Italiano, The Henry's take on a bloody mary, is downright incredible.  Made with a base of garlic-infused vodka, the drink is fragrant with a tomato basil scent, peppery, and tasty - all at once.  It comes with a slice of pepperoni and olives.  The truffle tater tots are addictive.Now on to everything else. The service was nonexistent from when we sat down until 30 minutes later, when we flagged down the hostess to tell her the waiter never came to our table.  There seemed to be a few men in suits marching around pretending to be important and lots of busboys - but very few actual waiters servicing the tables.  Once the waiter arrived, he was courteous enough.  Hire more waiters!  Drinks: The Cosmopolitan (colored orange), the Washington Apple, the Southern Hospitality, and the Mojito were unremarkable.Grub: We ordered from the late night menu and got the buffalo wings (eh shrug), Belgian Waffle (how can you mess that one up), French Dip and Fish N' Chips.  The French Dip was oversalted and the only saving grace to that dish was the truffle tater tots.  The cod fish in the Fish N' Chips dish was dry and tasted old, my tongue shakes with disgust just to think of it - it would have been much more satisfying to get 18 Filet's of Fish at McDonalds on a Friday.
4	what a delicious spot! I'm not sure I've done this before but we ACtually went back twice in the same day for their omelet + breakfast potato. pleased to report that it tasted just as amazing when sober.their french toast is also to die for, but it's decidedly a better option if you're wrapping up your night as opposed to starting your day - very sweet & a bit heavy on an empty stomach. brilliant for a stomach full of liquids.the fresh squeezed OJ is a must.only (tiny) complaint - the tables for two are...well, cold. if you sit opposite your date and stretch your arms all the way across, you won't reach your counterpart. if you're seeking cozy, ask for a table for 4 and sit on the same side, lol.dinner menu sounds delish as well - will have to give it a try the next time I'm in town.all in all - great spot in a great setting. the Cosmopolitan is easily my favorite place to be in LV!
4	Went here with the Wife the day we were leaving Vegas so it was a little bittersweet..   First I would like to mention that the restaurant and the hotel itself are so well decorated and designed.  It was obviously a very serious consideration when building the place.  We were seated and given water, I ordered the french dip with truffle tater tots as the side.  The food came in decent time, the french did was AWESOME and the tater tots were so unique.  I hadn't really experienced truffles yet so it was interesting to have tater tots that were tossed in truffle oil.  It just classes up tater tots.. :)Overall this was a great place to grab a bit for lunch, the dinner prices get up there and the lunch wasn't very affordable either for myself.. I could barely afford to eat anywhere in Vegas though.Great place if you want to stop in a beautiful hotel for a bite.  Don't forget to walk around the rest of the Hotel to see it all!
3	Restaurant was slow and so was the service. Food wasn't great. 3 stars cause I like the atmosphere.
5	All I can say is OMG.  I picked out this restaurant online just because of the Millionaire Deviled Eggs.  Quite frankly that was the thing I like least.  Only because the Thousand Island dressing overpowered the entire thing.  I could taste a little crab but no truffle or caviar.  I would put the Thousand Island around the plate so you could dip in a little or a lot to your taste.That said, the rest of the food, as well as the wine, was totally delightful.  I had the French Dip with Truffle Tater Tots and the hubby had the Lobster Club with Truffle Tater Tots.  We paired it with their CC: Winery 2008 Cab.  This Cab was terrific and complimented the food well.The French Dip was Prime Rib and was sweet, tender and delicious-- the bread was perfect, toasted on the bottom and flaky like a croissant and the Swiss cheese just gave it that little something in the background.  Hubby's Lobster Club was also great--lobster was cooked perfectly.  The bacon was applewood which gave it a great flavor.  Now to the Truffle Tater Tots--AMAZING--we had to ask how they were made.  The waiter said they were fried in oil with a little truffle oil infusion, then tossed with truffle salt with just a hint of truffle oil drizzle.  I love anything with truffles and these not only didn't disappoint, but I may spend the next year trying to get them right at home.Our service was fine but we were there on a Tuesday around noon.  Definitely going back.
2	So I don't know how we got to our table because our host never said a word to us! LOL Then he turned out to be our serve and thank goodness he finally said something then. I started out with a Bloody Mary which was delicious and spicy but no olives or pepperoni like one of the other reviews said! I had the omelet which was OK and I say that because for the price I felt we should have been able to select whatever we wanted in our omelet and unfortunately for me my 3 items for $16 didn't hit the spot.  Their potatoes side dish was awesome though if you like garlic which I do! Honestly for what they served I would have liked Denny's much much much better. Oh and it came with toast and 3 different jams but it was this nasty hard wheat bread! Gross, but I'm sorry but when its late at night I just want some delicious soft white bread. However, considering where they are located (Cosmopolitan) their prices were pretty reasonable ( 2 omelets and a bloody Mary for about $60 not including tip). After all the places I have eaten in Vegas, this is my least favorite! The service was unfriendly and the food was sub par at best.
4	Great breakfast spot in Cosmopolitan, its hard to find a decent breakfast on the strip so this place really stands out.   Their version of the corned beef is very good, great coffee as well.  Gets busy though if you go at peak times.
3	Good place to grab a drink at the bar at the Cosmopolitan.  The food menu didn't look that impressive, but the wine list was quite nice and decently priced, for Vegas.
4	Utterly delicious!  I mean it.  This is the other restaurant that I've been lucky enough to go to during Restaurant Week, and again, I have not been disappointed.  I'll admit, though, during any other circumstances, I may not have been coerced into trying this place out--prices mainly.We had a group of 6, and they were quite accommodating.  I had also made a separate reservation for another group through Open Table, and changed it according, through the hostess.  They were pretty helpful in trying to get our tables together, though, which I appreciated.Being as it was during the week, I'm pretty sure that our reservations were unnecessary (since we walked right in and there was no wait), but I can definitely see how this place would have lots of traffic and why people would need to be prepared to wait.  I must say, I thorougly enjoyed my dining experience due to a number of factors: ease of finding the restaurant (make sure to park in the West Tower/Area vs. East to avoid a long walk), accessibility was close to the Strip (a bonus for some of our friends that wanted to walk around after the large meal), and the excellent service (seemed like the wait staff was coming around quite regularly to either ask us if we had any requests or to to give us refills...no, not in a way that got annoying, but definitely enough times to know that they were present).Since it's Restaurant Week, we definitely went with this menu.  The choices were a Caesar or Wedge salad with bits of tomato, bacon, and cheese, in addition to the dressing for the first course.  The second course options were Prime Rib with mashed potatoes or Salmon with bacon, green beans and potatoes.  Finally, the third course was Chocolate Cake or Banana Cream Pie.  Basically, our group had a combination of the salads, prime rib, and a combination of the chocolate cake and banana cream pie.  I thought it was actually pretty funny that nobody got the salmon.  Haha.We also had bread and butter for the starter, although nobody was really impressed with this dish.  My boyfriend did, however, order the truffle tots, which were gobbled up in seconds.  The tenderness and crisp tots were actually pretty tasty, without feeling that "I just bit into a lot of grease and need to spit all of this out," but more like "Just one more" repeated again and again.The salads were, well, salads.  As for the prime rib, JUICY JUICY AND JUICY!  I could get enough of it.  If I would've had to have given up any of the other options in lieu of another piece of prime rib, I would've done it in a heartbeat.  I feel like you couldn't go wrong with the prime rib, and I was unwilling to be the lone soul to order the salmon, instead.With the desserts, it seemed like people were split on this.  If you like a moist, filling chocolate cake, look no more.  That's what they had here.  If you expect anything else out of a chocolate cake, you're probably not gonna like the dessert here.  Did I mention that the piece of cake was pretty much close to 5 inches tall?  Amazing!  I heard that the Banana Cream Pie was pretty good, but I'm more of a chocolate person, personally.Can't wait to come back for more Prime Rib!
2	We were looking for a nice place to have breakfast/lunch on a Sunday morning.  After walking by this restaurant the day before and seeing everyone waiting in line, we decided to give it a try the next day.  This was a big mistake.  While I expect to pay high prices in Vegas for food, I also expect to get better quality.  This restaurant certainly was lacking in quality.  I ordered the french dip with hush puppies.  The french dip was one of the worst I have ever had.  Bland, to say the least.  Arby's would have been a better choice.  My guest had a traditional breakfast, and also was not impressed.  Skip this place.
3	I was here for lunch on labor day weekend and ordered the short ribs benedict with poached egg on potatoes.  This was my favorite item on the menu here.  The short ribs didn't come out as hot as I wanted them.  Later on in the day and evening we return for the wings, fish and chips, artichoke dip and french dip.  Not too shaby but I had better.  The buffalo wings were pretty small and I enjoy the fish and chips.  The french dip had more bread than meat and the artichoke dip taste like artichoke dip.  Can't go wrong making that.
1	This place sucks.1) You'll find the food passable if you're used to dining at Sizzler-level establishments. Otherwise, gross.2) Hate getting stuck under drafty AC vents at restaurants? When you sit down at The Henry, look up. You'll notice that nearly every table is below a vent. Really?3) Our original server was a jackass. We waited 20+ minutes for him when we first sat down until another employee eventually told us he was taking a 'longer-than-usual break.' After a few more minutes of complete confusion/idiocy from the waitstaff, a combination of no less than 3 members of their team just ended up serving us. You'd think this would be okay until you realize no one can figure out who the hell is responsible for the various tasks that make a meal out (refilling drinks, taking orders, actually serving the food, etc.) with a setup like this.Oh yeah, our original server eventually returned as well (pointed out by other staff members). Too bad he ended up looking down at the floor each time I glared at him, scurrying away from our vicinity with the utmost of urgency.Last nail in the coffin - our table's order was relatively small since the group was only composed of myself and two females who don't necessarily have the biggest appetites (total order was something like 2 coffees, an OJ, 2 breakfast sandwiches, tots side, and a corned beef hash). Final bill? ~$150. If you do the math, that means it cost about 66% more to eat at The Henry than at Wicked Spoon, which runs around $30 per person after taxes. I have my own issues with WS, but unless you like to go to restaurants to pay and not eat food, there's a clear winner here.
4	This place does get very loud at night.  Bond night club is right across from The Henry and both are open air.  Don't say I didn't warn you.I went here for a light breakfast before flying home.  No surprise the place was quiet.  We got seated right away.  Things That Were Awesome:++ Illy coffee om nom nom nom++ Irish oats with dried fruit and the house granola.  They even had cute little tins of brown sugar and milk just in case.  I ate that bowl 'til there was nothing leftThings That Were Note So Awesome:-- Side order of bacon was sort of there.  Not crispy.  I still ate it though.-- Coffee could have been brewed stronger.  I needed way more caffeine to get over the last two nights in Vegas.
3	I was here to grab some breakfast on the way home, and my stomach was definitely grumbling.  I grabbed a quick order of a bagel/schmear and ham.  I was amused at the fact that my orange juice came in a martini glass, how neat.  The prices were decent and the service was nice.  Definitely a good way of waking up and getting a meal in.
1	Eh.. this is the restaurant in the Cosmopolitan and this is terrible!The price is ridiculous for what is pretty much BELOW Denny's quality ina pretentious atmosphere.You get martini glass on your table with fine silverware and a nice decor restaurant.  The food is awfully bland.I ordered the omelette so its exactly egg wrapped with small portions of food.  No flavor.  Add your own salt and pepper and ketchup.  Oh, BTW, OJ is $6.  AND, the best of all, Henry screwed up my friend's burger.  It looks wonderful, but again, bland and flavorless.  I wouldnt go.  Go to Hash House A GO GO at imperial palace!
3	3.83 stars.Meandered here after the Sade/John Legend concert at the MGM Grand.  Tried The Chandelier and Bond, however both were incredibly packed with no hope of having any type of conversation with my friend and cousins.The less crowded and slightly quieter option was The Henry.  It was 3 am and the environs were pumping, but this place looked pretty chill in comparison.  We ended up having a few drinks and eventually ordered food.  I couldn't resist and ended up splitting their cheeseburger and tater tots with my cousin:  Not bad at all (4 stars).  I just felt bad for the wait staff that had to deal with serving inebriated Strip victims, I being one of them.  Bless their hearts.  At this point our party of four started falling apart, getting all Asian-red-in-the-face as the conversation drifted into yawns and somber realization that we had to drunk-walk to the Tropicana to retrieve my cousin's rental car.  Convenience:  4 starsService:  3.5 starsBurger & tater tots:  4 starsDrunk walking through Labor Day Weekend crowds:  Priceless.4+3.5+4= 11.5/3= 3.83 stars.#Yelp 365:  053/365
2	I believe this is the standard "cafe" type restaurant at the Cosmo.  I had breakfast here and ordered "The Henry."   It's the basic egg and potatoes combo with your choice of ham, bacon, or sausage.   I ordered the sausage and it was better then average.  The eggs were....well, eggs. Nothing special.  The potatoes were kind of gross though...i can't really explain what was wrong with them but they were not good.  Realistically you end up paying 17 bucks for what amounts to a Denny's Grand Slam.
3	Not your typical cheap eats kind of cafe....The Henry is located in the Cosmo hotel, so it's a good place to hit up if you are staying here and are too lazy to wander somewhere else.  Especially for breakfast if you're too hung over to go anywhere.  Otherwise, I wouldn't venture all the way here to eat from say the Venetian.The place is nice with its leather plush seats and dark wood. Our waiter was friendly and attentive.  My impression is that it's  this cafe trying to be a little bit more upscale then it really is, hence the prices, but food is average.* cream cheese and lox bagel- presentation was nice and my everything bagel was toasted.  I enjoyed all 18 dollars worth of it !* The Henry special:  three eggs, choice of chicken sausage, ham or regular sausage, potatoes, and toast.  16 bucks for  nothing spectacular here, but it was fine.  Can get this elsewhere for under 10 bucks, but yah it's Vegas.
1	It's the Denny of Cosmo, that stays open late. I was busy getting ready for the massive halloween night, was to lazy to yelp a good restaurant and make a decision on dinner. I passed this responsibility on to a non yelper friend who selected THE HENRY, because it was right next to entrance. What a FAIL., It was nice, located on a prime spot, great place for sports and people watching. Service was slow, food was bad for the price we paid and our waiter was RUDE. Ordered a $36 steak and it really did just come with JUST THE STEAK no sides.  Prime rib was dry and thick,.. best thing I had, was the bacon my friend didn't want on his burger and my french onion soup. My truffle tater tots were good too, but I don't think it's worth $7. I didn't like how the waiter would ask my friend, do you want soup or salad on the side? when it didn't even come with the entree.  The waiter  pretty much tried to upsell my friends, misleading them; that it came with our entree. Lucky I asked before they placed the order in. On top, it took us 45 mins to get our food and they already added gratuity to our bill. SMH.  What a waste of a yelp spot. WIll not come back and do not recommend this place. Especially if you were in a hurry; trying to meet the promoters on time to get in the clubs.
3	Came here for breakfast while staying at the Cosmo. Sat at the bar, the menu was ok. Nothing special but the food I ordered was good. The bartender was very nice and did a great job at service.
4	After failed efforts to find a decent late dinner menu, I found this plush but reasonable spot on the strip and sat at the bar.  Knowledgeable, efficient bartender and quality American beef (devoured the prime rib) made me want to return.  Extensive selection of wines by the glass is also fantastic with great bang for the buck. This place has value.
1	Had lunch with a party of 7 and ordered a burger medium well. It was the last plate served and the burger came out rare. Absolute debacle. This place isn't worth the price.
4	Early morning on the first day in Vegas.  We wander down the strip to the Cosmo to meet some friends.  After checking out the sights and gaming a bit, hunger calls.  It's still morning, and our options are limited.  Hit the buffet or sit down for table service?  We opt for the Henry.At first glance, the menu says diner.  At second glance, a few things pop off the page.  It still diner-ish, but there are some nice twists.  I really enjoyed, my hash and eggs, and my friends were all very happy with their meals and cocktails.Old school swank.  New school glitz.  Tasty food.
5	I returned to The Henry just for the truffle tater tots.  They didn't disappoint!  Also, the drinks at the Cosmopolitan are among the best on the Strip.
4	Omg the hot wings here are amaze!!!I LOVE this place!!! I stayed at The cosomo with my friends and fam for my sissys birthday we were there for 4 nights and every single night we ended up at The Henry between the hours of 4 and 7am .... its like the only restaurant in the Cosmo open all day all night. and the food is DELICIOUS! Staff is fun and patient with the drunk idiots that come in.. hahaha cant go wrong here!!!
4	Really flavorful food at a pretty decent price. It's located on casino level, tucked away on one of the far ends of the hotel, so it wasn't as crowded as the other restaurants that are clumped together on the 2nd & 3rd floor of the hotel, and the price was much better, too.Went for lunch and the burger and lobster roll were quite delicious, not cafeteria-like at all.
5	The Henry gets 5 stars for one reason and that's because they used Van Gogh Dutch Chocolate in the best chocolate martini ever. Had this Delicious cocktail for brunch and for this reason alone The Henry gets 5 stars.I also ordered the sandwich with truffle tater tots.
4	Solid 3.5 stars for the food and a little extra for being open late. The salads and shrimp appetizers were great but the scallops were too salty.  To all those who say this is the Denny's of Vegas, I say: you haven't been to a Denny's lately.  The Henry is far better than a Denny's and frankly is one of the better places in Vegas to get a reasonably priced meal.
4	The Henry was on my food list for my October trip.  I went and it was fabulous. My object of affection at the Henry was the braised Short Rib Benedict that I had been reading about for months.  And the pics for this dish really made me want to try it.Dining solo, I sat at the bar, had a great (but busy) bartender and a wonderful large mug of hot coffee.The dish itself was a delight.  The tenderness of the meat, the tangyness of the braising liquid, combined with the smoothness of the poached eggs and hollandaise sauce made for a great breakfast.  You know how you take a first bite of something and all you can do is close your eyes and lean your head a little - yeah it was like that.  My only wish is that the portion was bigger.  It's pricey, but worth it.I will return for that dish.
3	The wife and I went to eat here after we got a comp.  A quick scan of yelp and I had to try the short rib benedict.  The braised short rib is so tender with a great sauce on it.  The egg was cooked perfectly so that the yolk oozes out when you cut into it.  Then there are some potatoes on the bottom soaking up all the egg yolk and short rib juice.... yum!  My only complaint is that there is no bread that comes with the benedict.  I mean, can it be a benedict without some kind of bread?  The wife got an egg white omelette which she says was very good.  One of my other complaints about this place was that they brought us lukewarm coffee.  That is a big no no in my book.  I would recommend ths place based on the short rib benedict alone.
3	Great experience. Truffled tater tots, deviled eggs w/ caviar and more truffles!, and a short rib benedict  with even more caviar!!! what more can you really say??? Sit down, relax and enjoy an overly indulgent breakfast or midnight snack.
5	OMG!! The French Toast is the bomb!!
4	Very nice restaurant within the Cosmopolitan hotel. It's pretty small and is an after hour spot. We came here after partying at the Marquee night club here. The food is great kind of pricey but not really. Also there isn't a lot of food to choose from but the customer service was on point. Our waiter was so nice and upset even though it was like 5a.m haha. I ordered the hot wings here which was not bad and pretty tasty. Once again it wasn't a lot to choose from only steaks (pricey) and some wings, burgers and salads. It's worth giving a try.
5	Aside from the random drunk guys approaching us and speaking drunken nonsense, this by far is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. It is in the Cosmopolitan hotel.I have not had the privilege of dining in but during my last Vegas trip, I ordered from here twice and experienced great food and great customer service from the bartenders.
3	I ate here twice when I was drunk.Both times I had the burger, and half of the french dip sandwich.Whatever you do, order something that comes with the truffle oil tater tots.  Those are amazing!Pricey burgers and menu items.  Entrees range from about $17-$30 if I remember correctly (burgers, sandwiches, etc)I'd come back here again, if I was drunk
2	Came here for breakfast the morning we were leaving Vegas.   Someone posted it was the Denny's of the Cosmo; that sounds about right ... if Denny's went for leather and buckles/straps in weird places.  :) The food was ok; my husband and I both had hamburgers.  Also, as someone posted, the burgers are not well done at all, even though I asked for well-done, it was clearly medium rare in some places.  Luckily, no food poisoning.Service was slow even though it didn't seem that busy.  Tip: if you sit on one of the "benches" be prepared to be bounced each time your "neighbor" gets up and sits down.  Argh.  There are plenty of better options in Vegas, so we won't be going aqain.
3	I ate here twice in one trip. i had the french dip which was pretty darn good for a 24hr place and had a side salad. My other half had a sandwich and said it was ok, keep in mind he likes his burgers med rare.  Service was quick and courteous, I don't mind not making small talk when i'm hungry, I prefer my food to come out quickly. Our sodas were refilled in a timely matter. I forgot what I had as my second meal but I think I was too hung over and tired to care for whatever I had.
4	Very comfortable bar chairs and a nice bartender. Juicy burger cost $14 but came with delicious truffled tater tots.  A nice escape from the mayhem at Bond.
3	Open late. Not too expensive by Vegas standards. Usually no wait. Inside our hotel.We ate here too much during our stay because it was so convenient.The food was ok. The service was good. Calm atmosphere. I'd eat here again, but mostly because it's quick when my blood sugar is low.
3	I guess if it's close to 3am at The Cosmpolitan, then The Henry is a decent, easy choice for food. It's unspectacular but it gets the job done plus you can do some late night/early morning people watching. I had the French dip sandwich (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Er8DpPwf_lHHv64ncWhD8g?select=CmMrGPKOfzd2f3txCLHh4w) and it was decent except the jus was WAY too salty. It had probably reduced all day yet no one thought to taste it before serving. They are pretty generous with the meat so it's quite a mouthful and the meat was relatively moist so that negated the need to dip the sandwich into the salty jus. Think the highlight was the truffle tater tots. Tater tots are always a winner but drizzle them with some truffle oil and bang! Late night indulgence. Service was decent here although our server looked a little swamped. Still he got our food to us quickly and we were on our way quickly following this early morning pit stop. If you don't want to travel too far out of the hotel for food, The Henry is one of your few options late night.
4	Really enjoyed my lunch here.  Very quick and efficient service
3	After clubbing at Marquee, we came down to the Henry to eat. Food is pricey expensive as expected. We got the: * Build Your Own Omelette  with toast & Henry's breakfast potato - $16: We got it with slab bacon, mushroom & monterey jack cheese. They didn't give us our slab bacon. We asked the server and he quickly and kindly offered to either bring it back to the kitchen or give it to us on the side. To save time, we just said on the side was fine. He brought out a little cup (which was a lot!) but it was unfortunately cold. Yuck. the Henry's breakfast potato was DEELLISSHHH! :) It's like a little pancake of yumminess. *Side of Truffle Oil Tater Tots: Ehh, I don't get the hype. I can get  a huge basket at The Rock Bar in PH for MUCH cheaper. It's a nice place to dine late night but if you're looking realll messed up, I suggest you go somewhere with a more casual atmosphere.Menu for your convenience: http://www.cosmopolitanlasvegas.com/pdf/menu/TheHenryUpdatedMenu.pdf
5	I came here on a random moment after leaving the club, since my guy friends asked if I wanted to eat. After dancing my butt off for a few hours, you work this appetite, but I wasn't that hungry. I decided to meet up with them anyways, since good company is always nice to be around.The Henry is right across from this performance bar called BOND. They had some loud house music bumpin' and I asked the hostess if she could seat us somewhere that we can hear each other and the music isn't ringing in our ears. She walked me over to this Huge round booth that could fit a large party of six. I asked her if she was sure this is okay, since I didn't want to occupy a table when it's only three of us. She told me, since it's a slow night, it's fine and this is the only table that is the farthest from the music. It was nice and comfy. I do love the decor of The Henry, being it's open 24hours.. this place looks ravishing! A lot of warmth in this place from the colors. The men ordered some "healthy" egg whites omelets and even though I didn't try any.. I'm sure it was good, since they finished everything. I love when a man has a great appetite and isn't afraid to try new things. It makes the whole dining experience much more enjoyable and you actually have a bigger appetite yourself. That was the case with me this night. I asked the server what he thought was the highlight of this place for late night dining. He suggested many, but the Cinnamon French Toast he mentioned was the one I was curious about and I haven't had that in a long time.. So that was my pick of the night.The food came out shortly after and when I saw my dish.. I was already beaming with joy. Not only did it smell good.. It looked So delicious! Now this isn't your regular French Toast you make or order at IHOP or something. It was enormous for the size and thickness of the bread.. Lovely :) Even the maple syrup tasted yummy!!! I poured some on top of the toast and took the first bite... Sky rocket of flavor! Perfect perfect perfectly made French Toast. The texture from the thickness of the bread was unbelievably addicting.. so light, fluffy, soft, and had the most amazing flavor! The four thick slices of bread are dipped in french vanilla custard and I swear it was divine. Simply put... you could be having the best dessert/breakfast of your life. It tasted like candy, but in a good way.. not too sweet, but you have this happy smile in your tummy that candy sometimes give you.. yes that kind of feeling. Then the texture makes you want more and more and... I love eating the corners of this toast... when you try this.. you'll get what I mean ;) It also had candied pecans and creamery butter to finish off this brilliant breakfast creation. I loved it. If I ever wanted French Toast again and by the way... I Love French Toast. This place would be my #1 spot. It was SO good. I shared a few pieces with my guy friend and he loved this dish too. I thought he wouldn't want any since he works out hard and all, but with this dish I had.. he didn't care at all. He even said.. it's so good!!! Every time I asked him if he wanted another bite... he just opened his mouth without Any hesitation :P The plate was shining clean. Remember when I said I wasn't really that hungry... well after tasting this Cinnamon French Toast.. I magically became starving for another bite!!! Crazy I know!?!! This Cinnamon French Toast is the best to satisfy any hunger anytime in your day... Breakfast, lunch, or late night eats. So happy I came here and caught up with my friends. The BEST!!!
2	Indifferent poor service. Very bad fish and chips. High prices. The only thing passable was the Henry salad. There are better places.
5	Suffering from a late friday morning hang over, my buddies and I found this great place on a mission to find some good lunch (a Cosmo bartender recommended it, since none of us had ever stepped foot in the Cosmo before). Upon seeing it I thought "oh another expensive so-so Vegas restaurant"...but I was wrong. Well...I was right about the spendy part, but what isn't expensive on the strip? The food was awesome. Okay start over.....the hostess was very friendly and didn't seem like she was going through the motions of hosting. We didn't have to wait to sit, which was nice. We ordered $12 bloody maries and sandwiches...I had the french dip, which was tasty. The fries weren't bad either, and being hungover, the fruit cup was flavorful. Service was actually good. We were actually really impressed with our experience. So much we came back the next day for breakfast/lunch, in which I had the reuben, which was also awesome! Okay we're not crazy and actually do like to try new restaurants, but we ended up back at the Henry a 3rd time the day we were leaving, but had to go else where because the wait was too long. I'm a Henry supporter!
5	This review is for breakfast. The food and service were excellent compared to other casual restaurants on the Strip and for being in a hotel. First , the piping hot strong coffee comes in these large mugs which are perfect. The first day we had the All natural omelet made out of butter less egg whites and veggies (no meat) and the breakfast sandwich. Both were well prepared with quality ingredients and tasted delicious. The second day we wanted to come back for the French toast which looked amazing. We were not disappointed- full of butter and the right amount of sweetness and accompanied with warmed syrup (a nice touch). We also had the huervos rancheros which was full of marinated steak and no beans! The portions are just right and you won't leave being hungry. The prices are reasonable (for the strip and being in a hotel)...most of the entrees are $14-$17. Breakfast for two will run you about $40 plus tip. That may seem high but being from san francisco its wasn't that much that more.  Go to the Henry if you want quality, well executed food and service .
2	Don't go here if you're starving. Went there with a group of friends after spending the day playing in a softball tournament. We were all starving and were hoping to have a nice meal.When we got there, the place was not very busy. It took the waitress a long time to come take our drink orders. The food took a very long time to get to our table and was very disappointing. The burgers were dry and tasteless, the chicken pot pies had absolutely no flavor. If you don't mind having the awful taste of truffle oil, I guess the truffle tater tots are ok.Overall, I would not recommend this place to anyone. There are much better eateries.
3	After clubbing at Marquee, there's 2 food options at the Cosmo. There's the pizza place which had a super long line or Henry's which is on the casino level. Got seated immediately, but service was a bit slow. Food was decent, but sorta pricey. I guess at 4 in the morning and hungry, it doesn't matter. The menu was pretty limited to 5,6 "entree" items.
2	We found this restaurant to be just so-so. It was a bit overpriced for what it is. None of our food or drinks were bad, but nothing stood out either. With all the dining options in Vegas, it's a slippery slope when your food is forgettable. The ambiance was nice and our server was attentive. However, I doubt we'll go back again.
4	The Henry is one of our "go to" restaurants in Vegas FOR LUNCH. It is good food, great service at the bar, and they pour a stiff drink. You will, however pay a premium for all of the above. We always sit at the bar and get the Chicken Salad Sandwich and the Truffle Tots. We NEVER drink here, drinks are way over-priced. My suggestion, sit at the bar to have a nice lunch. Follow that up with sticking a $20 bill in the video poker machines at Bond for some "free" drinks and some great people watching.
4	Short rib benedict at 7am is possibly one of the best breakfast I have had after drinking. The meat in the rich and bold sauce was braised nicely and on top are perfectly cooked eggs covered in hollandaise. Awesome way to end the night/start the day. This is an awesome dinner and breakfast in one.
3	A decent breakfast option very close to the casino floor and the front entrance.  Good service.
4	VIVA LAS VEGAS! For a weekend I headed over to the city that never sleeps. Amongst the relaxing, sun tanning, gambling, celeb-seeing, shopping, and partying, I made sure I left some time for my favourite hobby of all time -eating!For the duration of the trip, we stayed at The Cosmopolitan Hotel  that just opened last new year's eve, making it the newest hotel on the Las Vegas Strip! If this was a hotels review blog, I would tell you that The Cosmo is probably the trendiest, most glamorous modern hotel I've been to, and how I can never stay at another hotel in Las Vegas again. But I'll save that for another yelp post.The Henry is located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel on the main floor right next to the Chandelier Bar (fun fact of the day, the chandelier hanging over the chandelier bar is actually the largest chandelier in North America!). It has a pink and mahogany theme to it, and was comfortable yet classy with its comfy padded seats and chic decor. The type of food they serve here are mainly classics like burgers, fish and chips, and pot pies. Since this was Vegas, I decided to go all out and order lobster for brunch. It was in sandwich form, but I guess its the thought that counts!"Maine Lobster Cub" ($19)- Bacon avacado, citrus aioli, with your choice of fries, truffle tater tots or fresh fruitThe club was very good. It had chunky pieces of lobster tossed in a light mayo with a hint of lemon and parsley. In combination with the tomato and avacado, this sandwich was very refreshing...perfect for the Vegas weather! Even something so simple as a side of tater tots were delicious. They were deep fried so crispy and hot, and sprinkled with seasoned salt and truffles.  I don't know if I can go back to regular tots now. "The Henry" ($16) - three eggs, slab bacon, smoked ham, apple sausage, taylor ham or country link sausage with Henry's breakfast potato Most other people ordered regular brunch food. They serve all day breakfast here, and there is a Henry's special that is a pretty hefty plate of breakfast items. It doesn't look that big in the picture, but I for one would definitely not be able to finish this as the first meal of the day."Chicken Pot Pie" ($17) - slow roasted chicken, braised vegetables & pan gravyRob ordered the chicken pot pie, and it was a ridiculously large portion, even for a guy. It was served in a huge bowl filled with a hearty chicken stew, baked with a crunchy pastry layer on top. When I think of chicken pot pie, I think of a salty corn starch concotion with either fist size or non-existent pieces of chicken, green peas, and a pastry that becomes soggy on the bottom by the end of the meal. At The Henry, the chicken pieces were reasonably sized and wasn't the least bit dry. The stew had lots of other vegetables like potato, mushroom and carrots, and wasn't too salty. Tasty and filling! Really enjoyed this meal, definitely recommend this as a breakfast/brunch place. Make sure you come hungry though!
4	Loved this place. The mood was fun and good people watching of the 2am shitshow just past the barrier in the casino. Waitress was lovely and patient with our late night burn out. Had the hame and cheese on sourdough with the tater tots. All greasy but oh so good. Highly recommend if you're preemptively fighting a hangover. The tater tots were a little too greasy and definitely over salted but ya know what? I ate them all so whatevs. Didn't come here for a fine dining experience, came here for exactly what I got so I left happy.
3	The Henry is in the Cosmopolitan hotel and fits well as an anytime spot for food.  We went for breakfast and just missed the rush at around 9AM. The look of the restaurant is similar to the Cosmopolitan hotel with a clean, sleek feel.I tried their special version of eggs Benedict that was with short rib.  It was stacked with potato on the bottom, short rib, and the poached egg on top. I really enjoyed it, considering the quality and that we were eating in a hotel the price at around $17 was pretty reasonable.The service was really slow and seemed a bit out of sync.  We went there twice for breakfast on our trip and experienced it both times. If you need to get out of there quickly you may need to let them know.  Other than that it is a solid spot to get a bite at the Cosmo.
3	The Henry is The Cosmopolitan's version of a coffee shop; of course it's amped up a bit as far as decor, food selections, and price.  It shows that it's open 24 hours, but I saw a sign there once that said something about going upstairs to eat, so I can't confirm that.We ate breakfast here twice during our stay and felt similarly about it both times.  The food is decent/good, depending on what you get.  Over the two days, I had a taste of:-Short Ribs Benedict: sounded amazing on the menu, and was good, but not my particular favorite.  Potato on the bottom (it was crispy at one point, but the heavy short rib/benedict sauce did away with that), short rib on top of that, and then poached egg with a tiny bit of caviar on the very top.  Nice presentation and preparation, but flavors were just ok for me. Jim G. enjoyed it.-Huevos Rancheros: I deconstructed mine so as to avoid the tortillas. I think I may have made them better that way. The components were too separated otherwise.  This way, I was able to mix together the carne asada, bell peppers, cheese, avocado, and ranchero sauce. It was simple, but good. I wish they had some sort of jalapenos or something; I asked and somehow there aren't any in the whole kitchen?-Day two we sampled some omelettes. Not too overcooked and full of ingredients. Solid breakfast.Where The Henry goes wrong is the service. SLOW! Sometimes it's slow with a smile, other times it's slow with a bewildered look. I feel like I spent half our meal with head turned, searching for someone to bring us something fairly standard, some accompaniment to our meal. Don't go there if you're in a hurry, that's for sure.  If you just need breakfast the morning after? Then The Henry works just fine; you won't be amazed, but you'll certainly be full.
4	It's so important to end a vacation on a high note. I like a good, solid meal in my stomach before I get onto a plane and force myself to reenter my "normal" life back home. The restaurant I choose to provide this meal can really make or break my whole vacation experience, as it is the last impression I have of a place before I leave.I entrusted this responsibility to The Henry. And Henry delivered nicely.It's like a New York diner that went to finishing school for a few years and came back a proper lady. Leather upholstery, smartly-dressed waiters and a menu lousy with truffled this and organic that. They stop serving breakfast some time before noon, but luckily for my egg-obsessed boyfriend, they have 3 breakfast plates that they serve all day. I'm not so breakfast-reliant and opted instead for the tuna melt on marble rye. It was, without reservation, the best tuna sandwich I've ever had from a restaurant. The rye was buttery and crisply toasted, the tuna was smooth with just a hint of vegetable crunch (I hate chunks of greens in my tuna salad) and the perfect amount of melted cheese (Swiss, I think). I chose fries as my side. They were salty, delicious shoestrings in a little metal pot. I ate every single one. Literally. They skew toward the pricey side, which keeps me from awarding them 5 stars. But it's Vegas, it's the Strip, and it's located in the newest, hippest hotel ON the strip. So for those reasons, they can get away with it. But seriously, the food is great. I'd recommend it to anyone.
2	Henry, oh Henry. Long line at the popular Pizzeria at the Cosmopolitan hotel?My friends decided to split up to order food at a couple places. Do you like how we multitask in getting crazy amounts of food?2 bitter champagne cocktails + 1 spinach artichoke dip = $50+Service was non-existent, yet rushed. The waitress kept asking if we were done with the menus when we did not even give her the order.My friend had a to-go box from another restaurant, and they threw it away. When we asked about it, they defensively replied, "IT'S NOT OUR FAULT."1 extra star because they open late and they let us eat our outside food (cosmo pizza) inside the restaurant.
4	Would honestly give this place 4.5 stars if I could.   Admittedly, the only meal eaten here was breakfast but we ate breakfast here 3 out of 5 mornings during our Cosmo stay.   Found the service to be great (Larry is an excellent waiter).   Sure it's pricey but it IS the Cosmopolitan.      Loved the touch of fresh OJ served from a martini shaker and found the huevos rancheros to be among the best I've had.
3	Went for a late night burger with tater tots. Burger was good - truffle tater tots were great. Service was below average late night. Omlettes were above average. Only place opened really late night.
5	We had breakfast here before some client meetings, and it was hands-down one of the best meals I have ever had in Vegas. Period. Maybe it was a good day for them... I don't care. If I ever stay at the Cosmopolitan again, I will be eating here more than once.I tried their take on Eggs Benedict, with perfectly poached eggs resting on beautiful short ribs, which were perched on crispy-creamy-delicious potato cakes. The dish was drizzled with one of the best sauces I have ever eaten. Just thinking about it now makes me want to jet back there for breakfast tomorrow. So good, and at under $20 it was a bargain.The atmosphere was cool. The only complaint I had was how close the tables are pushed together... I like a little room when I'm eating, and the people next to us were a little too close. Other than that, it was great.
1	Even if you are inexplicably dying of hunger or thirst, do NOT come here.Your waitress, who'll likely be a former stripper from Reno past her prime, will toss down your menus and expect you to order immediately.  IMMEDIATELY.  And when you're not looking, she'll throw away your takeout from Secret Pizza that you've carefully placed on the seat next to you.Oh, and if you complain to the management, you get a.....free shrug!!!  A. SHRUG.
3	Big fan of the hours - Open 24 hours, 7 days a week. Not a big fan of some of the prices, but it is Vegas. I had the Smoked Salmon Plate (Santa Barbara smokehouse salmon, lettuce, tomato, onions, capers, bagel & schmear) for $18.Nice portion of salmon and everything was freshhhhh. I had them hold the capers, not a fan.The service was ok, could have been a little faster....but again this is Vegas and no one is looking at the time.Cool option at the hotel, try them out.
2	Poor is my rating for this place and it is totally based on just one thing I ordered. CHEESEBURGER!If you like your cheeseburger with a huge chunk of meat badly "well done" with a soggy bun and some uniquely weird thin fries "DEEEEEP FRIED" and you would like to pay 20$ for it this is your spot.Sorry but my neighbor's 6 year old can make a better cheeseburger. So try something else and Good luck!
3	After my first night of my three night trip to Vegas I got up earlier than most of my girlfriends. I wandered with on of my friends around Cosmo trying to find breakfast and we stumbled on this place. I got the Signature Short Rib Benedict, which is an eggs benedict dish with braised short ribs served on a crispy potato cake. It was a creative idea, however, it was way too salty in my opinion and the crispy potato cake wasn't as it sounded. Turned out more like mashed potatoes (which were still tasty). My friend ordered the yogurt, which sounds plain, but I was amused with how it was served. It was a big wide bowl of yogurt! Like how oatmeal is served. It made me laugh :) I would give this place another try I'm in the area and need breakfast, but I wouldn't get my dish again.Star #1: Flavorful food. Yes, although there was a bit too much flavor on my dish.Star #2: Food causes cravings. NoStar #3: Price worthiness. Not bad for Vegas prices.Star #4: Decent service. Yes.Star #5: X factor (ie amazing service, ambiance, creativity, etc). Not this time.
1	Food 3 StarsBeverage 0 StarService 0 Star (see below)Food is good, but they're really cheap on their juices.  I don't mind pricey food in Vegas, but I had problems with ordering juice with them three times.  We went for lunch and snacks a few times because the Cosmo did not have many options for lunch.  It's not the waitress's fault, nor the bartender.  I believe it's the head bartender who just didn't want to give us more juice.   The first day, our cranberry/pineapple juice cocktail (non-alcoholic) came in a regular-sized glass.  The second day, it came in a small glass about half the size, so we kindly talked to the waiter and he brought back the juice in a taller glass.  We did notice, however, that he sort of had difficulties with the bartender.The third occasion, the juice came in a small cup again, so we kindly asked a different waiter who happened to be very friendly help us.  No questions asked he made us happy.The fourth time, this female waitress says to us that they simply pour more ice into the glass if we wanted the juice in the regular sized glass.  So of course, we get the juice in a regular sized glass (not full).  Was that supposed to make us feel better?  Did she think we were being cheap?  The casino invites me to the high rollers tables, but this restaurant does not get a great review from me, nor extra tip $.We never once asked to speak to the manager, nor gave attitude to the waiters or waitresses.  We even asked the waiters if they had problems. *In case the managers of the restaurant are wondering, we visited 5/15/12-5/18/12.  Will not be back to The Henry.  No customer satisfaction.  Sorry.
4	I swung in here prior to the group meet over at Bond. This is nice vibe... certainly contrasting the opposing flashy LED spectacle of Bond.Perching up at the bar, I settle in. Service from the 2 gentleman bartenders was decent. Good TV sports.I go for the awesome salad with beets(?) in it. So tasty! Plus 2 Julip cocktails (one neat, as a mistake for water o_O)... whooaa.
3	Truffle tater tots.Belgian waffle.Short rib benedict.As far as 24 hour Vegas cafes go, The Henry delivers exactly what you expect; late night, after the club, salty, fried goodness to soak up the alcohol and early morning hangover cures, all served up with mediocre service and a pretty steep price. When all other options are non existent, this place will do. Truffle tater tots.  That is all.
5	We had brunch here during our honeymoon getaway last year and for our anniversary this year. Everything we have had were nothing short of amazing. The Corned beef hash was just full of flavor and delicious. The same could be said for the Ham and cheese sandwich and the Piled High Reuben Corned Beef sandwich. We got the tater tots as sides this year and they were pretty tasty. Warning!!! the portions were huge and we probably could have shared one sandwich and called it good. (we skipped dinner that night) The menu has a lot of classic diner food, but also some healthy choices as well, like yogurt with fruit and granola and oatmeal. The service and quality was everything that we expected with any of the restaurants in and associated with the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
4	Had a great breakfast here, the blood marys were spicy and strong, just the way they should be. It was obvious people liked the place since it was packed when we got there. I had a custom omelet, it was great, and the OJ was good but as I remember a little on the pricey side.
5	Truffled tater tots here are amazing.  And I'm not just saying that because I was drunk and it was some various hour of the early morning.  The tater tots came out piping hot and with a good truffle flavor. I just wish there had been more of them!
3	Everyone talks about the truffle tater tots and for good reason. It was the best part (even though it was a side) on the menu. I ordered a reuben sandwich and man was that not worth $20. Prices are expensive, but then again you are in Vegas. Just don't expect too much.
3	Just another thing the Cosmopolitan has done well.  We stopped in for breakfast on our way out.  A lot of space to stretch out after a long night.  They serve a quality cup of coffee.  The service is sharp - and attentive.  And the Huevos Rancheros with steak is a tasty lump of food.  Among the better breakfasts I've had in Las Vegas.
5	Great environment and service. If anything was wrong with our plate (ex. Undercooked steak) it was quickly replaced and re plated as if we had gotten a whole new plate. The waiters couldn't have been nicer.
4	French dip.  Mac n cheese balls.  Very tasty for a very late night snack.
4	Of course, designed in the same manner and decadence of the Cosmopolitan hotel, there's a tiny retreat nestled in the corner where you can forget you're inside a casino.I really like the space.  Couches everywhere, leather, a swanky little bar, and a stellar staff.Not only did the hostess address me by name, but when I left, she remembered my name.  After only like 2 interactions.  I thought it was a nice gesture.My server, very friendly and eager to please....  And my food was wicked delicious. I had the eggs benedict.  My only complain is that price is a little high, I only got the two muffins, canadian peameal (hard to find in an american restaurant) eggs and a thick and rich hollandaise sauce drowning out the meal...  but that was it.  no side potatoes or whatever...  and it was about 16 bucks. it does include caviar but I am not a fan.... I had the dish sans caviar.Pair that with freshly squeezed orange juice ($5) and you spend about $25 with tip and tax.  It felt a little steep for me, and I left hungry still.Nonetheless, the food was spectacular, and the ambiance pretty swanky.  I liked it and hope to return to try other dishes.
4	On a 3-day trip to Las Vegas, I ate here two times.  It was that good.  My first trip was almost by accident as the combination of an early flight (and a late Friday night) at the Cosmopolitan led me to search for food.  Lucky enough, there was The Henry across the lobby.The Henry burger was great but the truffle tater tots were excellent.  They might be addicting.  My wife and I spent the entire weekend in Vegas talking about those tater tots and we made a return trip on Sunday night.  Now, we might need to plan another weekend in Vegas -- just for those tater tots!
3	SHORT RIBS BENEDICT--perfectly poached eggs--somewhat salty but otherwise tender & tasty beef--I'm intrigued & will have to try againMODERN STAINLESS MINI-CARTON FOR CREAM--a gem (yep, these are details we architects scan for)--a metaphor for the ambition if not the full realization of City CentreARCHITECTURE--window graphics screen some of The Strip--but this is a welcome if partial acceptance of real light & real urban view--that only Paris seems not afraid of--(yeah, I know--more light slows your donations to the casino)
3	Ended up here 3x during our stay at the Cosmopolitan for breakfast, lunch, and late-night. Not only was it convenient (location and hours) but the food did not disappoint. -Corned beef hash topped w/eggs over easy - Great breakfast option. Really enjoyed how they cooked the corned beef. - Henry burger - It was good but nothing special. Ordered it medium and it came out very pink. I didn't mind, but worth noting. - Deep fried mac and beer cheese - Fried deliciousness. The dipping sauce complimented it well. If you're going to try one thing here, I recommend the mac and cheese.    - Truffle tater tots - So crispy and tasty. A nice alternative to fries.
3	Nothing special.  A bit overpriced for what you are getting, but what do you expect at a restaurant on the strip?Tater tots were okay, but I've had better.  Beet salad was a winner.
1	Bad service... Bad food... Enough said
3	After hearing a coworker rave about this place, decided to stop by for brunch before making the shitty drive back home.  Arrived at around 12 (originally planned for 11:30 but I was stuck on the craps table) to find hella people waiting for a table.  Luckily we only had to wait 10 mins before being seated.  Decided on the short rib benedict http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Er8DpPwf_lHHv64ncWhD8g?selected=qa6seKzkxOrekZK_GPx1cg#lSAtYK2xsdWPwdBeEt-wgw and a side of the truffle tater tots http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Er8DpPwf_lHHv64ncWhD8g?selected=qa6seKzkxOrekZK_GPx1cg#Z8UAZzKte2Q8T8PiesBC7Q.  The short rib benedict was unique and definitely tasty but was pretty salty.  The crispy potato cake was more of a mush which was pretty disappointing.  Would've tasted better and offered a nice contrasting texture if they had cooked the potatoes longer.  The biggest disappointment was definitely the truffle tots, nothing special at all.  I think the tater tots at dog haus taste as good if not better.Service was prompt and the waiter was definitely friendly.
5	good food , good service and I think its open all the time if I'm not mistaken. Had some sort of eggs benedict here and it was good. Honestly , I like the fact that this is across that bar with the loud amazing music. Like I want to have brunch here and then go drink with amazing music.
5	Late night....so many options....The Henry is one of our faves go to places for breakfast after leaving the clubs late at night4 am....French Toast...that will melt in your mouthTots that can be made any way you would like it.  I like it plain...so I can dip in saucesORyou can request to have it with melted cheese and chicken =)amazing service as alwaysCannot wait for another vegas trip to get my hands on more tots
5	The Mac & Cheese fried balls are delicious!!! Yes, I was pretty drunk when I had it. But no, this is not a drunk talk. They are truly delish!! Yep, didn't remember what else I ordered. So that's all I can offer here.
3	They were out of the mac&cheese fried balls that everyone raves about on here, so I didn't get to try. Tater tots remind me of the school days, they were fine - but nothing I was too impressed by. Service, on the other hand, was great, and the decor was beautiful. I'll probably return if I stay at the Cosmo again, otherwise a place easily forgotten.
3	Ordered the The Henry - Scrambled eggs - done right.Potatoe/Hash - a different twist, not super crispy but very good and well seasoned.Sausage Links - Larger than you would expect, I only at one.  They are good but I would suggest trying a different kind.
3	The place is kinda pricey for their offerings, but then again it's on the Strip.If you are here for breakfast, then you must try the braised shortribs benedict.  It is rich but still tasty enough for others to try.  The meat--being braised--is indeed very tender and quite lean.On a different occasion, I had the Henry Burger.  I was not impressed.  It was OK and leaning towards the bland end of the spectrum.Also, on this trip, I ordered the chicken alfredo.  That was OK as well...
4	The tater tots here were amazing. Go to the slots, win at least $7 and bring it here to exchange for a tiny tin of truffle tots. You won't be mad.
4	I had a delicious bowl of steel cut oats with fresh berries and honey.  Also they have fresh squeezed OJ and grapefruit juice.  Hostesses and server were very kind and accommodating.
5	Located inside The Cosmopolitan hotel and near the casino, it's situated perfectly.  Members of our group came here at various times of day and always had the following:-  great service and great waitstaff- awesome food selection-  accommodation of allergies (mine to lactose)-  ambiance and overall decorIt's got tons of seating for small and large groups and the place you need to come to at anytime of the day!
4	I'm giving The Henry props for taking a group of thirteen of us on a Saturday for a bridal brunch without reservations. We had about a half hour wait before we were seated, which was fair. And they ushered us to a quaint little secluded corner of the restaurant, points! I ordered The hash and eggs, which was ok. I wasn't crazy about the taste however the presentation was nice. I also ordered a specialty bacon bloody Mary which ended up being way too spicy for me. The server graciously took it back after I expressed this to him and replaced it with a wonderful champagne. The service was top notch. The overall experience was pleasant, that in itself would be worth returning for.
4	Loved the Short Ribs Benedict!
3	It's ok. Nothing special. Food is AOK. And service is AOK. (The hostess are really sweet and hospitable though! One girl read me their whole menu on the phone!)One tip: DO NOT ORDER THE CHICKEN POT PIE! Marie Callendar's and even frozen foods I have eaten do it better.It's the same food/kitchen as room service at the Cosmo. Here are a couple of additional things to know about that.  The price varies from the room to the restaurant by a few bucks and you'd be surprised to know that the prices are not necessarily cheaper at the restaurant than room service.
5	Located in The Cosmopolitan Of Las Vegas. The Henry is an update of the classic 24 hour coffee shop of The Las Vegas of yesterday. The food here is fantastic, as is the service. I should quickly mention the Foursquare special; Check in, order two entrees and get a piece of Red Velvet Cheesecake for Free!!!. They have a full bar and the prices are quite reasonable for The Cosmopolitan (That means a bit more than other places, but well worth it.)This place is good for anytime, but if you happen to be there in the wee small hours stop in and have one of the best burgers in Las Vegas, don't forget the truffle tater tots! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	The Henry is good, not great. The servers are on point but the food is pretty mediocre. I always dine here early morning (around 5am) and its the usual 24 hour casino cafe experience. It has a limited menu with a few breakfast choices and bar type food options. Drinks and cocktails are good and strong! Oh and there is always some form of entertainment if you people watch as its open air to the casino and club people tend to be here.
1	The menu had the Prime Rib dinner at $21 however it is actually $28. I ordered over the phone and didn't think anything of the guy not telling my total because I saw the price on the menu. Loe and behold I show up and it's $28!!! I ask them to check on this and they said 'sorry the websites not updated. You still want it?'   I was furious!  Really? A joint in Cosmo can't cover a $7 glitch in the name of customer service?  Never will I go back here again. HORRIBLE! DO    NOT     EAT    AT    THE     HENRY!!!
3	ate here after a recommendation from a friend.   It was about 10:15 am but i wanted a chicken salad sandwich.  They were very nice and made it for me on big sour dough bread with the truffled tots!  All fantastic!!   If this was based on my food alone and price wasnt involved it would get 5 stars for sandwich, tots and service.  Bf got eggs benedict.   2 little pieces of muffin on the plate.  No tots which sucked for him.   no potato at all.   with tip our bill was 60.00 with one bloody mary and an iced tea.  60.00 in the whole and had to run up to Secret Pizza for 2 slices afterwards.
4	I don't know if I had the equivalent of beer goggles for my tastebuds, but the Henry Burger was SOOOOOO good. I got it medium rare and it was so perfect. I kind of felt like I was in a less sexy version of a Carl's Jr. commercial while eating it. I don't know how often I'd pay $22 for a burger but I had no regrets after this one. To top it all off, I got the truffle oil tater tots which were a total game changer. I don't think I can go back to regular tots that aren't cooked in truffle oil!
3	Located in the front of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, where I was staying, it was a convenient stop for breakfast one morning.  The food is probably slightly above average, but then loses a star for being over-expensive.  My egg benedict was in fact cooked perfectly.  I also enjoyed the fresh squeezed orange juice.One of thier highlighted menu items is a short rib egg benedict, which my girlfriend ordered..  While It might appeal to some, I found it completely way too heavy to be a breakfast item.  The rib was your average rib infused into the benedict like ham except it consumes probably 70% of the dish upon doing so.  I'd call it more of "Small dinner rib with poach egg". Oh, but thier ice cubes are darn cool
2	Had the fried Mac  & cheese which was pretty good. The sandwiches sucked though. Reuben was bland, and the ham& cheese just was blah.
5	stumbled upon this place at 2am...and the BURGER was sooooooo good, totally hit the spot!Great service too - my friend and I told the waitress that we would be sharing and the food came out perfectly split in half for us.A bit expensive but hey, it's Vegas.
3	Food is good.  Not one of my first picks when in Vegas but if i was staying at the Cosmo again and didn't feel like leaving the hotel, this would be a good option.
3	It was the World Series. The Giants were playing. How on earth could we miss the game?!?!?After a bit of wandering, we discovered this place. We sat at the bar, ordered dinner, and watched our beloved team trounce the Tigers. The place is swank, the service is friendly, and the food is fine. Nothing stands out as stellar, but nothing bad either.
5	A bit on the expensive side, but hey, you're in Vegas and you're in the Cosmo.  I was pleasantly surprised at my meal here.  Wait time wasn't too long for the large party we had and the place is pretty spacious and accommodating.We came here looking for Fried Mac & Cheese Balls and a breakfast burrito (which they do not have), but most of us ended up with the Short Ribs Benedict, which was a hit for me.  I split half with a friend and you may think you wouldn't be full after a small portion, it is just enough.  It's really rich and the sauce is packed with flavor.  I definitely recommend it and seldom praise eggs benedict this much because I think it's hard to do it right.  But come here for the Short Ribs Benedict!  Splurge a little, and the price isn't that bad at all.Service was attentive and the people in my party were impressed with how many cups the waiter and waitress could carry at one time.Adding this to my Vegas hit list.
5	If you're not a big fan of typical American breakfasts like me, forget all of your intuitions, ignore what your brain is telling you, and come to The Henry. You won't regret it. Sure it's on the expensive side, but what do you expect from the Cosmo?While flipping through the menu, one can get confused in the plethora of choices. Let me make it simple for you. If you don't have the Short Rib Benedict, you're missing out big time. Tender braised short ribs on top of potato cakes topped with two poached eggs, hollandaise sauce and black caviar. Yes, black caviar, the stuff that costs $250/lb and is so damn delicious. If that doesn't make your mouth water, look at my picture. The entire combination is just so rich in flavor and texture. I usually never get my eggs poached, but these were fantastic, especially with the hollandaise sauce. It's worth all $17.One other thing that sticks out here is the Deep Fried Mac & Beer Cheese Balls, served with spiced buttermilk ranch dressing. These are delicious and perfectly fried without too thick of a layer. However, you can't taste too much of the cheese. Still worth it for an appetizer though. Service here is very friendly and surprisingly fast. We had a group of about 10 and our dishes came out within 15 minutes. Do yourself a favor and splurge a little. This is one of those places that is very worth the hype.
4	When in town, I love coming here for their breakfast/brunch.  Some people come to Vegas and look for $6.99 steak & eggs, but for some reason I'm always drawn to The Henry's steak & eggs.  Although it comes with a larger price tag (~$32), the 14 oz ribeye steak is legit!  The steak was very juicy prepared at medium-rare.  It also comes with made to order eggs, breakfast potatoes, and 4 slices of toast.I also had a side order of corned beef hash ($7).  This was an averaged sized portion, and nothing too special about it.  I'd stick with the steak & eggs.Combined with a friendly staff, I always seem to come back here and I recommend for late late night dining or mid morning brunch.
4	Aside from Wicked Spoon, The Henry was our only other dine-in option before 5 PM at Cosmo.. Ordered the Traditional Benedict, Short-rib Benedict, side of potatoes,  and Mimosa.  Both dishes were DELISH :] If I had to choose, I would prefer the Short-rib over Traditional just because it's breakfast with a twist~ Everything on the menu seemed a bit over-priced for what it was... especially the sides because those portions are tiny... But it's Vegas!
4	Ate here for breakfast one morning during a conference at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. Amazing food. Only had a chance to eat here once, but if I'm ever back there again I will definitely be going back for the short rib eggs benedict. Yum! The meat was so tender and the sauce was so delish...I wanted to scoop up every last drop. The service was impeccable and the atmosphere was great even inside a hotel next to a casino!! Pricey but worth it because the entire experience from food to service was superb!
2	Nothing special here.  Had brunch, Huevos Ranchero was good.  My fiance had a waffle; I don't think you can screw that up.  What they did screw up was the price.  $14 for the same waffle you get at the Hampton Inn for free, okay fine.  But $8 for two scrambled eggs?  Coffee is Illy, but they burn it, and $5.  $70 for a breakfast - I'll never be back.  Oh, and the skanky Jersey Shore couple making out at the front... Awesome!  At least the service was good...
5	We stopped here for a quick bite to eat while staying at Cosmopolitan. The food was good and the server was pleasant. We had French onion soups that were delicious and the Henry burger with tator tots was pretty good as well. They also have delicious breads that they serve while you are waiting for your meal. I would definitely recommend this place if you just want a quick casual meal.
4	came here for brunch. the wait was a little long just for two of us. the husband ordered a normal breakfast combo, while I had the short rib benedict. the pros: the coffee mugs are a proper size and the coffee was good.                the short rib on the benedict was delicious, as well as the hollandaise sauce.the cons: the potatoes at the base of the benedict weren't crispy which was understandable but disappointing. I would return, though.
4	My review will strictly be on what I ordered:French Dip Sandwich - Yum! While the sandwich itself was tasty, unfortunately the dip was way to salty.  Instead of literally dunking my sandwich into the au jus as I normally would with a french dip, I had to do one of those quick-dips to big bite ratios to balance out the saltiness.  The french roll was nice and flakey on the outside and tender on the inside.  Just the right amount of bread to hold up to the ratio of meat.French Onion Soup - Unfortunately this too was also on the salty side.  I thought it was just my tastebuds for the day, but my girlfriend agreed that the au jus and soup was salty.  If you love a ton of cheese on your french onion soup, this is definitely the place to be.  They don't shy on the cheese at all.  Great flavor overall minus the saltiness.Beam Me Up Scotty - WOW.  If you are a coffee enthusiast you will adore this alcoholic beverage.  Definitely a slow sipper as they are not shy on the alcohol.  Has a nice deep espresso flavor without being overwhelming.  I love the touch of chocolate syrup and chocolate cookie around the rim.OVERALL:  Great place to dine in late at night considering this is 24 hours.Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
4	I always eat breakfast/ (or lunch depending when i wake up) at Henry's after a long night of "vegas" activities. Their tatter tots are amazing!!!!!  Everything on the breakfast menu is good. Their bloody marys are stiff and the service is excellent.
4	Great And friendly service... Ordered the burger and truffle totts! I'm not a huge Tott fan but they were good! Ordered the burger medium rare to medium but it came out well done.... I was hungry so it was still good at that point... And for a late night spot! Nice waitress/hostess.....I'm torn between 3 & 4 stars, so I'll be nice and round up since the service was friendly!
4	I am a fan! The service here was so incredible that just on that note, I will come back. The drinks were yummy. My breakfast was incredibly large and worth the price. The special dishes like the benedict, are worth trying and delicious. It's great Vegas try.
2	Food: 2Decor: 3Service: 3Came here for a late dinner around 11pm.The Henry Burger*caramelized onions & mushrooms, sharp cheddar, on a soft potato roll, 14~Mediocre. Burger was just okay, and I didn't like how the tomato, lettuce, and onions were on the side since it was impossible to add them to the burger because of the cheese. Truffle hash browns were pretty average too.Service was okay, although my water was almost empty at the end of service.
3	The food was good, we liked the re-fillable sparkling water bottle. The server was very casual and border line annoying. Laughed at our order and made us feel uncomfortable. The lights from the bar next door were really bright and annoying. Overall it was an OK experience.
3	Hmm, I would call this place average at best. Now mind it, it doesn't have to be awesome considering it is on the casino floor with high foot traffic. As we waited at the hostess stand, an employee came up and said she would be right with us. We proceeded to wait more than five minutes for her to come back, even though the restaurant was almost empty. When she did come back, we were seated right next to the casino floor. We asked if we could be moved to a table farther inside the restaurant to escape some of the noise and smoke. She claimed the servers could only service a small area. The tables were at most 10 feet away from each other. Doesn't make sense to me but whatever.Also, their menu switches over at 11 PM. We arrived right at 11, and the server seemed super confused about what menu we could order from (or if we could order from both). She told us at least three different stories and finally let us order from either the dinner menu or the late night menu.The food was good, but not great. Nothing terrible though. Good option if you are on the casino floor and in need of a quick bite any time of the day. The hash browns were AMAZING though! This is worth a star bump! I don't know how they prepare them, but I finished them before any other part of my meal!
3	Tried "The Henry" in the Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino for b-fast this morning.  We were looking for a quieter alternative to the bustling Cafe Bellagio next door.  We built our own veggie omelets from the offerings including fresh mushrooms, avocado, onions, Monterey Jack and opted for the fresh tomato slices in lieu of their famous hash browns.  The omelette was light, fluffy and delicious although I would have expected more ingredients inside.Our server's demeanor was upbeat and his service was quick and efficient.  A request for extra ketchup was answered in under 60 seconds.Overall, a solid choice for a upscale breakfast only 25 paces off the strip.
4	The Cosmo's saving grace is it's restaurants and bars. The casino cannot be making that much money and the fact that their restaurants are all leased out doesn't help their case. Luckily for us there are so many options. The Henry comes off as their upscale cafe option. The price for food is reasonable, they are open late, and have a good selection of drunk food.Wanting to eat at a place that was more relaxed after the Warhol exhibit, we walked over to the Cosmo. I got the baby beet salad and my date got the burger. Like I said, everything was reasonable for location. The food was good, but not exactly wow worthy. Is it a slam against the restaurant? No, I would definitely come back and get something more substantial next time. The atmosphere is dark and quiet. I am not the biggest fan of sitting so close to other tables and was worried about that when we first sat down. As we were dining, more people were filling in, and it was not as bad as I was imagining. The staff were friendly and we felt attended to. The nice thing is that I got to know my date more yet we never needed to ask for anything. That is good service.
3	Nothing special about this place.  Been here twice since I'm staying at the Cosmopolitan, makes for convince.  Nothing spectacular about the food but I like how they made my chicken salad blacken when I asked.  Came out pretty good.  Second time I came here, I ordered the french dip sandwitch and it was just okay.  Nothing really special about it.
4	(MOST RECENT VISIT) TIME/DATE: Monday, December 17, 2012 / 12:30pmAMBIANCE: I absolutely LOVE all of the Cosmopolitan's interior designers. Every single area of the Cosmopolitan shows impeccable attention to detail, including the Henry. From the brown leather wall paneling, the belt loops around the bar stools, the cushy button tufted booths, and how all of it just comes together.. gorgeous.PRICE: $20-$30/personVALUE: It seems to really depend on what you order. I saw my friend order a waffle for breakfast, and it looked extremely plain and unsatisfying. I feel like a lot of the other lunch/dinner items seem pretty solid, but I've really only tried (and loved) the French Dip. (The Cosmopolitan is really the first Las Vegas hotel/casino I've been to where a majority of the restaurants typically serve good food, and the Henry is no exception.)CHANCE OF RETURNING: 100%___________________________________:::: THE FOOD ::::* THE FRENCH DIP - $16          - [4/5 - The best french dip I have ever tasted. The melted swiss cheese over the tender juicy layers of prime rib... mmm. I also love the horseradish sauce and the au jus is deliciously flavored and generously (yet appropriately) salted.]* TRUFFLE TATER TOTS (Included)          - [4/5 - Perfectly cooked, the right amount of crunch on the outside, soft on the inside. The truffle oil was used appropriately - it's not overwhelming, yet there's no mistaking it's presence.]:::: THE DRINKS ::::* BEAM ME UP SCOTTY - $12          - [4/5 - One of my favorite breakfast drinks - an espresso "chocolate" martini with cream vanilla syrup that contains a Van Gogh Dbl and Tia Maria. Really tasty!]* BLOODY MARY - $12          - [4.5/5 - To date, one of the best Bloody Marys I have ever had. I always ask them to make it extra spicy for me, and they never fail. They also put a generous amount of horseradish in it.]* VIRGIN BLOODY MARY          - [4.5/5 - The last time I went to the Henry, I was pregnant and yet really craving the flavor of the Bloody Mary. They made me a virgin one that knocked my socks off. It was so refreshing and spicy, though I did add a few extra dollops of Tabasco.]
4	Delicious and filling brunch is just what was needed after a long night. I ordered the "your choice" breakfast. It comes with an omelet (your choice of 3 ingredients) potatoes and toast ($17.) I opted for ham, spinach and tomatoes with egg whites. Hubs went with the eggs and hash which comes with toast ($17.) The food took 20 minutes. The portions are large, food was fresh and tasty. They didn't skimp on the ingredients in the omelet, it was packed. Their house potatoes were phenomenal. It was grilled so it had a crunchy outside with a cheesy warm and seasoned inside.I love the assorted small new jams and jellies that are served along with the whipped butter. Of course we tried all of them. Chuck was our sever and did a great job. He made sure to keep my coffee mug ($5.) and our waters filled. Our total with tax was almost $43. it might sound high but it is comparable to the surrounding restaurants prices.
3	Yay! They have earl gray tea! Came here for breakfast, it was on the expensive side (like everything in Vegas) but the good was delicious and filling. Conveniently  located in the Cosmo, right next to the door closest to the Bellagio. I order the Earl Gray (Yes, they got one extra star for that) and a salmon bagel with the cream cheese, lettuce, onions and tomatoes - boo, no wheat bread here. The salmon was on the bland side, bread was really hard. Overall my good was OK but way too expensive in my opinion ($15-$17 i believe)Would eat here again, but maybe for lunch instead of breakfast.
3	My wife and I don't do buffets, but we needed a brunch location close by to make our flight home. We were staying at the Cosmopolitan so we had noticed The Henry earlier in the weekend. Convenient and no wait so we sat right down. Our party of 4 ordered the Traditional Benedict, 2 breakfast sandwiches and one oatmeal.  I had the Benedict, which I liked a lot. The menu boasted of its "Real Canadian Bacon, English Muffin & Hollandaise".  I didn't realize fake Canadian bacon is a big problem?  Are cheaper Canadian-style bacons from Maine or Minnesota being passed off as the real thing?  Why isn't the English muffin real too?  Ok, enough fun -  good Benedict (I'm a Benedict aficionado), but not truly exceptional. The breakfast sandwiches were well received, but they were stoopid huge and maybe a little on the bland side flavor-wise.  My sister-in-law liked her oatmeal, and the round of orange juices for the table were good as well. At home I'd probably have given The Henry 4 stars, but the standards have to be higher in Las Vegas - if you're in a food town, you gotta step it up a notch. I liked The Henry a lot and wouldn't hesitate to go back.  But for the price (expensive but reasonable for the Strip) and for Las Vegas it is a solid but unexceptional choice.  Good place, but not the best I've ever had.
5	This place was my fave meal in Vegas...well...a close second to In & Out...but that's a whole 'nother review. :)  He Henry is located inside the swanky Cosmopolitan and is he perfect brunch spot.  Great service, fab menu and awesome drink menu.Everyone with us seemed to really enjoy their meals especially Kevin with his Ribeye and Eggs. OMG...seriously...one of the best steaks I've had...from anywhere.  Great quality meat and cooked to perfection.  I ordered the Henry Burger and it was equally as amazeballs!  So fresh and totally delicious.  Our server was so attentive and the food was so good, I will def recommend this place to anyone I know that goes to Vegas!  I can't wait to get backup in this piece to try some of their other fabulous sounding menu items!!
5	Delicious. The breakfast here was amazing. I will def eat here again!
3	Came here for breakfast. Way overpriced - $17 or so for a benedict that doesn't come with any potatoes or toast on the side. Decent food but pales in comparison to other breakfasts we've had on this trip (Sweet Maple in SF, Red House in Pacific Grove).
4	Love coming to this place after a late night out. The food is delicious, but the chicken wings and tater tots are amazing. Definitely stop by after a night of partying. Customer service can be slow at times, but it's worth it and the best you can get at 5 am.
5	Blink and you might miss The Henry as you walk out of the Cosmopolitan and onto the Vegas strip. It looks like an unassuming coffee shop that is tucked off to the corner, right at the Cosmo's side entrance that is the closest to the Bellagio.We first stumbled across it one early morning while searching for a nearby breakfast option, and decided to give it a try. I am so glad we did. It is now a "must visit" whenever I am in the area early in the morning or when staying at the Cosmopolitan.While The Henry serves up soups, salad, and burgers and is open 24 hours a day, I have (thus far) only come back time and again for their signature Short Rib Benedict that is decadence on a plate. Imagine a sexy hunk of skillfully braised beef short sitting atop a somewhat crunchy yet delicate potato cake, the whole floating in a glistening meat sauce. This is topped with a couple of expertly poached eggs (that remain firm to the touch, but bleed their citrine yolks at the slightest poke from your fork), a luscious Hollandaise sauce, and a smattering of caviar for added effect. It's the stuff that dreams are made of.I can also vouch for their Cinnamon Roll French Toast when I've been in the mood for something sweet over something savoury, which is dipped in an unctuous vanilla custard and served with maple syrup, creamery butter, and candied pecans.If you visit early in the morning and the Hungarian-born Attila is working the bar, you're in line for whole other treat, especially if you like to get your Vegas drink on before noon. If that's the case, I would highly recommend sitting at the bar and passing on the coffee and orange juice, as Attila is quite the mixologist and it would be a shame to let his talents go to waste. My favorite cocktail, that pairs ever-so-nicely with the Short Rib Benedict, is The Henry's Midtown Manhattan. Imagine some bacon-infused Maker's Mark bourbon, some cinnamon and fig infused sweet vermouth, and a mix of bitters (including Aztec chocolate bitters). Perfection!If you absolutely need coffee with your breakfast, ask Attila to make you a Beam Me Up Scotty, which mixes Van Gogh Double Espresso Vodka with Tia Maria, a shot of Espresso, and a creamy vanilla syrup. There's also a nice selection of unique Bloody Mary drinks, including the Spicy Swine that uses that tasty bacon-infused bourbon in place of vodka.
3	For the price of the food you would think that the food would be amazing. Actually let me backtrack, from the look of the place you would think the food would be better.  The Henry is actually a really cute brunch place tucked in the corner of the Cosmo. We went there for brunch on Sunday and was kind of disappointed.  First of all the waiter couldn't understand that I wanted a sweetened iced tea.  When he did he brought me a raspberry one that tasted like the ones you get from brisk (too sweet).  We ordered the corned beef has and the build your own omelette. The beef hash was pretty good, but in whole it just seemed lacking. (and the bacon, which was thick strips was cooked way too much so it was like eating bacon chips instead of nice crispy bacon).  The omelette was the same it was good but nothing more, it was just and ok meal. But, the best part of breakfast was definitely the jam.  So good, not where they got it from but it didn't taste artificial.
3	Need a quick bite? This is probably your best bet.  It seems like most people here for breakfast are doing just that.  The breakfast sandwich is delicious, but not super filling, and I recommend the Fresh OJ.  You'd better bring your casino winnings, though, because it's not cheap to eat here (Vegas prices).I ate at the bar, which had easy access to the server and the news station.  I'd probably eat here again, but I'll consider bringing b-fast on my own next trip...
3	What are all the great reviews of this place about?! I am convinced the raving about The Henry is coming from hungover, haven't gone to bed yet, people who love to spend $50 on a "just okay" breakfast.We got a great night sleep so maybe it skewed our opinion of the food?We made a reservation via Yelp's Open Table link and were seated upon arrival. The wait staff was very kind, very patient and offered honest opinions and suggestions about the menu, which we greatly appreciated. We started with the fried mac-n-cheese (5 stars) and it was amazing. However our entrees were okay. The Huevos Rancheros were fine, but nothing stellar.The "marinated" steak was actually teriyaki marinade, which I didn't finish and left most of it on my plate. For $17 I could have had this dish and more at any local mexican restaurant in Old Town San Diego.The Henry was also fine, not stellar. The apple sausage was tasty, but the potatoes were just blah. Overall we were both really disappointed with our experience. For all the rave, "you can't miss this place", "you can't go to Vegas without going to The Henry", 5 star reviews we were set up for great disappointment.
4	The Henry (like the cosmo) is a great centrally located spot on the strip that never truly  seems 'too' crowded.  We went to the Henry for breakfast twice during our week trip and it was great to chill, relax and enjoy a great cup of coffee (nice large mugs) and orange juice served in martini glasses!- Short Ribs Benedict has got to be one of the most amazing breakfasts created.... the potato cake, balsamic glaze, poached eggs - AMAZING!
5	the massive burger was massive and tasty
5	We have missed this place very time we've gone to Cosmopolitan. We took my parents there and they both adored it. My mother could not stop talking about her French Onion soup.My husband got the fish and chips and loved it. Service was stellar and even though its adjacent to the casino and we sat right by the windows out to the floor it was not noisy or too smoky.Loved it!
4	We came for breakfast as we were leaving Vegas and what a great end to a great trip. The eggs and hash were fantastic as we're the eggs Benedict my wife ordered. Portion size was generous but not out of control. The server, hostess, and bus were attentive and thoughtful. Presenting the check out server asked if we wanted coffee to go and double checked we had enough cream. A small thing but typical of the service we saw throughout our stay at the Cosmo.
4	The Henry is a great spot to go for a late night dining spot.  The big plus is that it's 24 hours so you can come here anytime during the day.I came knowing about their French Dip sandwich and Truffle Tots because so many folks have ordered it and posted pics of it on yelp.  So when I came there for a late night munch fest, it was a no-brainer that that would be what I would order.French Dip -- tender prime rib, melted swiss cheese, horseradish sauce & au juswith truffle tater tots http://bit.ly/11JiTeYThis definitely hit the spot, especially at 1am in the morning!  A nice heavy portion of hot beef and cheese and then able to soak it all in to the au jus was just great comfort food all around!  And the Truffle Tots just made it even more epic!The Henry has definitely made my rotation of places to eat at any time of the day.  Their late night and breakfast menus are pretty solid and I would most definitely come back again.
4	I was drunk but I remember that the french toast was fabulous soft sweet pillows of french toasty-ness & this place is open 24/7 like everything else in Vegas. I enjoyed the french toast and truffle tater tots so much that I ended up falling asleep at the table.
5	My favorite breakfast spot in Vegas!  Not that I've had enough of a sampling to be an expert on the subject, but I've been to The Henry twice and recommended to others with nothing but good experiences all around.
3	I enjoyed my Sunday morning breakfast at the Henry counter and received excellent service from Attila. The prices at this open light area are double or triple what you'd pay at a diner anywhere else and the wall art is odd - a woman with a riding whip in her mouth with sm overtones. Still I savored every bite of breakfast -those potato cakes were fantastic. The only minus is for undertoasted bread. Three instead of four stars for that. I'll be back because the food quality was excellent, classic with a little twist.
4	I am on the strip about 3-4 days a week & I'm always looking for new places to satisfy my random hunger strikes throughout the day. I pass through the cosmopolitan quite often taking notice to The Henry but didn't go in for a while. One day I ventured in & ordered a favorite of mine, the French Dip Sandwich w/ Truffle Tots. I have had these many times at different places in Vegas & also in other states/cities, I have to say this is by far my favorite place to get this delectable treat. I've heard other say it was a bit pricey but I didn't mind that at all. It's Vegas & it's in the Cosmopolitan so I expected that going inThe prime rib was so tender, perfectly cooked & topped with Swiss it seemed to simultaneously melt in my mouth with the bread. Add to that the horseradish sauce & it just took it to another level. The truffle tots were a nice compliment to the sandwich. You can tell they were diced, formed & cooked fresh. Perfectly crisp outside with the heat still trapped inside.It's safe to say I will be coming back again to repeat this experience & look forward to sampling the rest of The Henry's pallet in future visits
4	Visited this place for my sister's bachelorette party and it was top notch. Great food, great service awesome atmosphere and the drinks were AMAZING!!! We got a reservation for 20, which required us to pay in advance and sign a contract. Make sure to collect money in advance because they will not change the reservation number once you sign. They were definitely worked with us considering that half our party was an hour and a half late. Gustavo was awesome, he definitely handled our group wellLong Island was the best I ever had, no competition. Food was yummy, I had the fish and chips which were cooked perfectly, great flavor, and just the right amount of crispiness and the fries topped it off. I sampled the burger and tots, which by the way were outstanding. Cooked to the T. Caesar salad was good, but I had better.For dessert we had the red velvet cheesecake, talk about mouthgasim. Definitely wish I ate more of it. Apparently, each level of the Cosmopolitan has its own special drink that they make which is pretty cool. Level one was of course the Cosmo, to die for. Would definitely recommend this place.
4	Went here with my girlfriends for a late breakfast after a night of partying.The french dip with truffle tator tots hit the spot and helped cure my semi-hangover.Service was good and my coffee cup was constantly refilled!
4	Awesome Burgers! It is a very chic and cute eatery in the casino.  The food is very good. and the drink menu offers many different choices.  It opens late.
4	LOCATIONIt's located inside the Cosmo on the 1st floor, near the casino, to the right of the entrance going to the East side. SHORT RIB EGGS BENEDICTYummmmmyyy. This was the only dish we got that was stunning. The poached eggs were perfection and the short ribs just fell apart in my mouth. It's a good dish to share and probably the best dish at The Henry. CORN HASH EGGS BENEDICTThis was also very good, but the short ribs are better. I would actually get one of each, and share the dishes. HENRY'S BURGERVery mediocre. I wouldn't get this again. I only had a small piece, but the burger was dry and bland. We asked for it to be medium rare, but it was pretty much medium. CROISSANTI didn't get to try this, but my friend didn't rave about it...so I think it was just ok. It comes with bacon, which she gave to me. The bacon was a bit  soggy and not crispy at all, which is not good in my book. COFFEEThey use Illy coffee so you can't really go wrong with that. BLOODY MARYNice presentation. Taste was just ok. GINGER COCKTAILTasted ginger, which is a good hangover cure and good start to the morning in Vegas!
3	PROS: the Henry is open 24 hours, it's a nice to look at, and the food is pretty tasty.CONS: Wow, is it expensive. I am willing to throw caution to the wind on vacation and I will pay a lot for a truly wonderful food experience. But the prices at the Henry are on par with the inflated cost of room service and it's basically diner food. Granted, it's better quality, but not *that* much better. I say, if you want to go out and have a comfort food in a stylish environment, go for it! I don't regret stopping there for dinner on our first night in. However, had I thought about it and looked at the prices more closely, I would've stayed in my room, ordered breakfast the next morning, and luxuriated in my pjs on the terrace for roughly the same price.Saying that, I can see The Henry being an excellent stop for food after a night out. The decor is lovely, with over sized fringed lamp shades, cozy booths, and  leather chairs. The wait staff is friendly and attentive. I had a pretty decent french dip and truffle tater tots (honestly, they just seemed like straight up tater tots, but they were still good). The french onion soup is really good too. I have to say, I wasn't all that impressed with my omelet at breakfast the next day. But, we were in a hurry and they got us in and out quickly. I'm glad The Henry exists. For a 24 hour hotel restaurant. it's actually pretty fabulous. Stop in for dessert or an appetizer for the best value.
3	CONS: We showed up with a group of nine people, we could see that the restaurant was fairly empty and there was definitely a table large enough to fit our party right away. However, the hostess made us wait over 20 minutes to be seated....why make us wait that long? Or if you are going to make us wait that long, explain why? When we asked for an update, she would just rudely say, it will be another 10 minutes. Once we sat down, the service was pretty slow. We spilled a glass of water and the waiters never brought extra napkins. We had to flag them down.PROS: The food is really tasty!!! The truffle tater tots and skinny fries are sooo good! I had the Reuben and loved it. I would come back if they improved their service.
4	First off, I love the Cosmopolitan so they already get points for location. Let me weave you a fairly short tale, on this particular day I swore to my compatriots that come hell or high water I would dine on steak that day. However a busy day at a convention held us up longer than expected and most guys settled for fast and cheap, leaving no opportunity to have said steak. Afterwards was the obligatory gambling, drinking and after parties. After inhaling a piece of Secret Pizza (another gem in the Cosmopolitan), I remembered my vow from earlier. I wandered alone and at 4 am was directed to the Henry. It was in this promise land that I received excellent albeit slow service (it was 4 am, they get a pass) and dined on some of the best steak and eggs I've ever had in my life. Pretty pricey, but when you're drunk and craving some classy eats, this is the place to be.
5	I had a great experience here. In my trip to Vegas I loved being able to get a great breakfast at 1AM. Our server Jesse was very accommodating and on his job. The atmosphere in the Cosmopolitan was awesome, cool lighting design and the DJ was playing some smooth mixes. I had the The Henry breakfast with avocado, and sourdough bread. Hot coffee to balance out all my beer drinking. I can't wait to come back next time I'm in Las Vegas.
4	We'd done Bachelorette bottle service at Voodoo with 14, then we finished the night at Chandelier Bar with 5. We were now down to 3 of us and the Bride still wasn't ready to go to bed so we were seated at The Henry for late night grub. After a redbull I still wished I had her endurance! The tater tot nachos were served with amazing short rib type beef, though I didn't care much for the cheese-like nacho sauce. The French Dip was also really delicious. Typical Cosmopolitan Hotel prices of about $17 each and service was also slow, but hey at 4 A.M. this place was still pretty busy.
5	Short Rib Benedict is very delicious and the service was excellent. Our server was so helpful when we ordered
5	Had fish n chips two difference nights and it was so delicious.  I recommend the thin fries over the steak fries.  Both are good but thin r my favorite.
3	Good place to go for late night eating. We got the truffle tater tots, which tasted even better the night after. I got the french onion soup, had a lot of cheese and was delicious. Service was ok, but plus that it was open late!
4	If you don't know where this is, it is in the Cosmopolitan on the first floor to the left of the main street entrance. If you're looking for privacy away from the casino you won't find much of it. Most seating allows for patrons look out onto the casino floor & for passer byers look in. I found this distracting while trying to hold a conversation as there was so much people watching going on. There are a few tables where you're hidden, but not much.We made reservations for a Tuesday night & arrived early. There was no need for a reservation as the place was pretty empty. Getting our drinks took longer than it should, but when we got them they were quite strong. We ordered the Naan bread which we got w/o olives. It's pita bread w/ pesto, cheese, and a few other goodies. Very tasty.I had the fish & chips & my date had the steak & fries. Both meals were also very tasty. Keep in mind that the menu is small, a few items in each of the categories. The food was great, the atmosphere & decor were on point. My only negatives are what I stated earlier & the slow service. Everything seemed to be delayed. Our server only had 2 tables when we arrived & we were 1 of the 2. If you're staying at the hotel or near it, it's worth it to check it out, but don't go out of your way.
2	I ordered the burger for take-out and asked for extra pickles on my burger.  Who the F*&K puts bread and butter pickles in their burger?  Just saying.
1	Worst service I've received in years!  Waiter and service was slow and the waiter spilled water on my friend.  After waiting about 30 minutes for our food we decided to ask them to box it up so we could take it to our hotel room.  The waiter leaves us the check and goes to let the cooks know, then comes back and tries to take out money before we even received anything.  We finally get our food in two bags and leave to our room.  When we get back we notice they didn't give us out steak and eggs or our French fries!  So we call them the following morning and explain the situation and they basically dismiss us because we paid in cash and can't show them a customer receipt which wasn't provided.  Avoid this place unless you enjoy slow terrible service.
4	One of my new favorite places in Vegas!+Low key atmosphere+Comfy bar chairs+Amazing selection of bloody marys (Hello garlic vodka!)+TVs with sports (if that's your thing)**The french toast looked delicious but I did not try**+Unique cocktails.Check it out!!
3	Considering The Cosmopolitan is the newest resort on the Strip, it's not surprising that nearly every aspect of the hotel is so trendy and nice.  However, it's still pretty surprising that even their 24-hour diner/cafe looks great.  Definitely nicer than some random Denny's or IHOP!Unlike the vast majority of Cosmo''s restaurants and eateries, The Henry is located on the ground floor (by the entrance closest to the Bellagio) as opposed to the second and third floors.  Despite being so close to the casino though, it's pretty cool how the restaurant isn't at all loud or smokey.  Although there seemed to be a decent sized crowd waiting to be seated, it only took about 10-15 minutes to get a table for brunch on a Sunday.While I normally would have opted for an actual brunch type of dish, I decided instead to go with the CORNED BEEF REUBEN with a side of Truffle Tater Tots based on what others had mentioned on Yelp.  The dish sounded pretty good, but to be honest, the truffle tater tots was what got me excited.  It's a combination of two fantastic things!As far as portions go, the reuben was certainly a winner - the sandwich was practically bursting open.  However, I don't think it tasted as amazing as how others have described.  I certainly appreciated all that meat, but the abundance of sauerkraut was very overwhelming (think sauerkraut with corned beef rather than corned beef with sauerkraut).  Conversely, the tater tots were just as good as I had hoped.  They could have been a little crispier, but that's a minor quibble.  I just wish there had been more!Even though the service was good enough for me to round up from THREE AND A HALF STARS, I'm rounding down specifically because of price.  The reuben wasn't awful at $16, but $5.00 for a diet coke?  That's ridiculous, even by Vegas standards.  Next time, I'll just stick with a cup of water and get my diet coke comped at the tables..
4	My wife and her mother and I ate here a few times, I really enjoyed the burgers here, we also enjoyed the french dip, one of the best I can remember in a very long time!!!
4	Cosmo. We rolled in here with our two year old who was fascinated by the lights to meet our good friends visiting from Maui. They were hurtin' for certain. Mega Red eyes hangover--the cure? Delicious Bloody Mary and SHORT RIBS BENEDICT. Delicious but the portion size was week sauce. That's the only thing that kept it from 5 stars. Go big or go home Henry...
4	Came for breakfast, ordered an omelette. It was massive and delicious. The eggs weren't that hot, and it kind of fell apart, but it was very tasty. Lots of avocado and goodness inside of it. They don't skimp and the service is super fast. I liked this venue and would reccomend for a low key meal.
1	It is a grand tradition for Vegas for me to have a $20 cheeseburger.After doing old school hip-hop at Hakkasan and having enough kamikazes to rid that glorious wind, I was brought here. The friends wanted to do the Secret Pizza Spot, and we went on the search for a cheeseburger.The Henry disappointed. For the price it commanded... we expected:1.) It to survive a cab ride home on the strip. We asked for it to be medium and not bipolar (cold on the outside, warm on the inside).2.) For it to not be dry3.) For it to have cheese4.) For it to be goodIt did nothing.FAIL.
3	Bar / restaurantI was strolling and needed a drink and after standing at the bar area across from the Henry for a good 10 minutes and being ignored, I looked over and saw that the Henry a) had a bar and b) was basically empty.I strolled across the hallway, plopped down and got served in seconds.  My kind if place.I did not eat here, so this is essentially for the bar area only.  Fast and friendly bartender and well made drinks- what more could you ask for?A perfect perch for people watching - and it is a nonstop freak show in Vegas so grab a cocktail and have some fun.Definitely a must try - the food looked good from what I saw, but have no comment on it.Give it a whirl if in the Cosmo.
2	This late night spot has a few items on the menu that are okay... But half of our table were disappointed with either their cocktails or food.The server was great and accommodating, however, so if you venture into this little den of inconsistent food samplings send back anything that is subpar.Recommend: Tater tot nachos: braised beef and cheeseBloody MaryKale ceasar ( get dressing on side)The house made cookie freshly baked with vanilla ice creamStay away from:Breakfast burritoThe bloody made with Makers Mark (Swine something)
5	The Henry has become a staple the moment we arrive in Vegas. I love their wings and Long Island Ice Tea. Bring back the artichoke dip..... Please!!!
3	Food was good, but the selection was a little limited and seemed a little expensive compared to other places. They said they had just changed to a new menu.  The place itself looks great. Service was great with plenty of suggestions.
2	The only late night 24hr restaurant in the Cosmopolitan. Came here for a bite to eat around 12:30-1:30AM during my stay at the Cosmopolitan. Late night menu was limited on choices. I ordered the French Onion Soup and Buffalo Style Chicken Wings. The French onion soup was good but nothing out of this world. They accidentally gave my chicken wings to another table and I had to wait FOREVER to get a new order out. The waiter apologized but offered no concessions for the restaurant's mistake and my inconvenience. My friends' food came out way before my chicken wings did and I had to play catch-up to try and finish them before heading out to the casino floor. I was really unhappy with the service here, considering there was only 4 other tables with guests and the place was NOT busy at all. The atmosphere is cool, right across from the Bond Bar. The DJ was spinning great music and the vibe felt nice. Too bad service sucked and food was mediocre. Price was ok considering it is inside the Cosmopolitan and everything there is usually very expensive.
3	The Henry is right across from the lounge, Bond. We came through on Sunday night to have dinner at 9pm and there was a PARTY going on at Bond. The DJ was in full effect & the gogo dancers were in on top of the tables. That's all fine - but the music is so loud that if you are having dinner at The Henry you really can't hear you friends at the table or our waiter. We asked our waiter about it and he said it was really use to it but when he goes home his wife is always telling to stop yelling so loud because he's so use to talking over the music. The food is fine - like "nicer" 24 hour hotel restaurant food but nothing special. At least the prices weren't that bad....for Las Vegas at the Cosmopolitan.
3	Definitely not a place I'd normally eat at but it was a solid breakfast to have before we left Vegas. It was also nice because it was practically free. We had won credit because of a swipe with our player's card. Woot!I had the French dip with tater tots. Very filling. I had half and took the rest to go. Fiance had the hash and eggs. He ate his right up. I forgot to take a picture. Service was good and attentive. Overall not sure if I'd come back on my own unless I had credit again. There's just so many better (and cheaper) options to eat brunch at in Vegas. Um Chinatown or the Cal anyone? LOL
3	On my last day of my boys bachelor party we came here before our fight, I seen all of the reviews on help and a picture of the short rib Benedict, and knew we just had to go there.Anytime I see Benedict I must try it, it makes me weak in the knees.as we came in there was no line, but they had to clean some tables took about 5 mins to get a seat which wasnt very bad at all, it is located in the front of the cosmo downstairs, which was hard to find at first since most of their restaurants are on the 2nd and 3rd floors. The cosmo I would say is hands down the best casino in vegas, so just hanging out waiting to sit was pleasant.I had ordered the short rib Benedict of course. It was tender and flavor full, I didnt realize it was on top of a potato cake, Normally in a Benedict the sauce makes things soft and yummy, and you usually have something harder or crispy on the bottom, I would have liked it better if the potato cake was more solid/ crispy.The food was the right portion, Didnt make me stuffed and didnt leave me wanting more.while we were sitting apparently celebrities go here at like as three times during the meal. I saw random people come up asking for their autograph and photo, which was cool that you get to eat/ sit next to them.... only if I knew who the hell they were, im too much of a loser to be in the know..will come back again,
4	The Henry has delicous food and great service. Stopped in for a quick bite and left extremely satisfied.  Can't beat the location and ambiance of The Henry.
2	Steak salad was blah.. tough steak and warm cherry tomatoes.Friend had a smoothie and it was warm too...It is pricey too.
5	Love stopping by here after a few drinks at Marquee Club because the food and price are good. My favorite are the braised short ribs and also the prime rib. They're so juicy and tender, and it's not too bland nor too salty. Just perfect. I've stopped by here about four times, each time consistent with good service and good food. Can't complain one bit.
5	what a relief from china poblano.the food here is actually generous in portion.  ger-ger and i split a grilled shrimp caesar salad. it was delicious.  for dinner i had the french dip.  it was fantastic.  very yummy.  ger-ger had the chicken salad wrap.  we both opted for the truffle tater tots.  yummy!the bill was $50.  not bad for an upscale place in las vegas.  service was excellent.  would come back for good ol' american comfort food.
3	What a great way to recharge in the morning. These bloody Mary's set us right every morning. I loved the Italian! Wow what great flavors. It was sad to learn I didn't love the bacon bloody marry quite as much.
5	Came here on a Saturday and Sunday while staying at the Cosmo because it was so amazing the first time we had breakfast here, we just had to have it again! I had the steel-cut oatmeal with soy milk and strawberries -- an absolutely huge portion that kept me full until dinner time. Service was excellent, staff was great and the food was delicious. Will definitely be coming here again on my next Vegas trip since vegan-friendly food is hard to come by in sin city!
3	Grabbed a quick dinner with my friends here on the last night in Vegas.  We just wanted a quick meal without dealing with reservations.  It's a decent spot to grab dinner, nothing crazy fancy but the pasta dish I ordered was pretty damn good!  The service was definitely lacking with the restaurant not even busy.  I had to ask two different people for a box to take my food togo.
4	Need a late night quick fix when all the other restaurants have closed...then The Henry is your go to place at the Cosmopolitan.  Good selection of "American Style" food.  We had the Henry burger and the French Dip.  Both were just excellent.  The burger tasted like it just came off the BBQ grill. Flavorful meat, with cartelized onions, cheddar and mushrooms on a toasted premium bun.  Yum!  The French dip was equally delicious stacked with a mound of roast beef bursting with flavor.  Prices were on the moderate size ($15 and above)...but the food was great and the only other choice would have been a bag of chips from the room...and that would have cost about as much!
5	Great coffee shop in the Cosmo with delish food, friendly servers, and great atmosphere. Highly recommend after a long night in Vegas...or even a quiet night in Vegas. Loved it.
5	We went here for breakfast at 4:00 AM.  The scrambled eggs & wheat toast were extremely tasty.  One of the best breakfasts I've ever had.  A definite must try if you are staying at the hotel.
4	If yelp had half stars I would be giving the Henry 3.5 stars.. I'm on the border here. But the server was super nice so *bonus half star for him (didn't catch his name)*The food was a bit late due to the amount of people there.Ordered the breakfast burrito which was not bad but definitely not as authentic as I usually like them. The chorizo and crispy potatoes were yummy. The pico de gallo tasted a bit more like tomato sauce then pico.. And the omlette inside was just, blah, for lack of a better word.  My boyfriend got the short rib Benedict which is their most popular item on the breakfast menu. It was definitely VERY good! I enjoyed my only bite i stole from him. I would probably come back just for the Benedict!!
5	You know this place is good when they cut you off!  This was one of the Best Bloody Mary's in Vegas!!   Came here early for Breakfast almost left in hand cuffs!  Great location, outstanding meals & staff that loves you through good & bad!
5	Had to stop in for their Signature Short Rib Eggs Benedict! I'm not a big fan if beef in the morning, but this just melted in your mouth. Service was good for the morning and I was pleasantly surprised how busy it was. Definitely will come back again. Really impressed with many of the Cosmopolitan bars and restaurants.
3	It was hard to have a normal experience here because of the excruciatingly loud construction going on about 50 feet away at the Bond Bar. If you could tune that out (which you couldn't), it was nice. I actually had one of the best Eggs Florentine I've ever had, and eggs benedict are always hit or miss at hotels. Either the hollandaise is thick, gloomy, and cold, the english muffins soggy, or the eggs just aren't perfect pockets of sunny goodness. Needless to say I was nervous to give it a go, but I'm glad I did. I ate every last bite. My boyfriend wasn't so lucky, he just wanted a big heaping bowl of greek yogurt, homemade crunchy goodness granola, and some berries. What he got was a "goblet" of watery flavorless yogurt. The waiter was nice about taking it back and he just brought him a bagel. I had a delicious "martini glass" of fresh squeezed OJ and the total bill was about $35 which I at first thought was a steal until I realized that my boyfriend only had a bagel....
5	What a fantastic experience once again! Quick service. Waiter Jared was very efficient and helpful. He checked on us a couple of times and accommodated our requests immediately. We had eaten here a few times before on our last trip to Vegas and had an amazing experience then as well. Breakfast tastes great and they have good sized proportions. Highly reccommend you experience it for yourself
4	Let's make this fleeting moment last foreverSo, tell me what you're waiting for?I'm gonna keep it frozen here forever,There's no regretting anymore at...The Henry! - Krewella (alive)I was intrigued by this place because it's one of those 24 hour cafe's at every hotel except this one doesn't have the the looks and feels of one. Already late for lunch, there was no question that the French dip was the way to go, as it came with tater tots with a slight hint of truffle oil! With so many restaurants in Vegas that make you order fries separately with their sandwiches or burgers, this is a huge plus! How many places come with sides with their steaks in Vegas? Exactly my point. Especially since it isn't built into the price, it felt like a great deal here. The french dip tasted great, and we finished all the tater tots. The only thing I wished was that I could choose how the prime rib was cooked, but they said it's already pre-prepared..oh well. Again, it's open 24 hours so a great place to come after clubbing/late night fun at the Cosmo. I will be willing to come back anytime next time I'm staying here again as an afternoon/late night option (which will be in the very near future..comped rooms ftw! -although the terrace's aren't fun in the cold winter nights!!)
5	This place is a really nice little spot. It's a great place for a good, low key meal. It's not too opulent but just nice enough to remind you that you're in Vegas.  I will definitely be back.
5	This place did an amazing job in helping me to recover from Friday night on the Strip.Honestly I was surprised by how good the food was! Service was really nice and prompt. And out of nowhere I had the best Mechilada ever....my hangover was happy @_@Go for the Egg Benedict and you will not regret it. Perfect place to visit before heading out to explore the strip or going to the pool summer time...!
5	I only had the granola here but WOW!Probably the best granola I have ever had and they didn't charge me extra for soy milk instead of the Greek yogurt.  I got it To-Go but I would not mind coming here to dine in and get it again.  It looked pretty packed, but being inside the Cosmo, I would expect nothing less.The prices are not super pricey either, which is great.  Definitely stop by! Lots of options to choose from :)
5	Went here for a light dinner and enjoyed it. The service was good, the food was delicious, and the prices were reasonable for an on-the-strip restaurant. We shared a Wild Mushroom Risotto and the Grilled Pork Skirt Steak and I would recommend both.
4	After another decadent Vegas night, I wasn't about to be up at the crack of dawn for some breakfast and there was no way in heck I was going to drive to dine at a ill mom n pop place despite high recommendations by my reliable Yelp buddies. I'm just too tired, too lazy and too dang hungry and nobody got time for that!So I end up rolling out of bed at 12:00pm, brush my teeth and hobble down stairs for some much needed grub.  Just when I'm about to exit the hotel, what do I see? The Henry. Right across from Bond at the strip entrance. They serve a limited breakfast menu all day, I don't need to leave my hotel so that sounds good to me! The wait for a seat was a tolerable 5-10 minutes, and our server Billy, was energetic and friendly, albeit it on the frazzled side but he kept our coffees topped off and waters full, which was fine by meHe served up my coffee in a jiffy and since they proudly serve Illy, they get extra points!We had to wait a bit for our food but it came out piping out and delicious! I highly recommend the breakfast burrito. This beast was packed with all sorts of good stuff: melts cheese crispy potatoes fluffy scrambled eggs and a side of zesty salsa and cool sour cream. We built our own burger with avocado cheddar and caramelized onions. I ordered a medium rare patty and it came out medium, no biggie. Oh but those truffle Tate tots were a plus! They were crunchy and had the most irresistible truffle aroma despite me immersing them in loads of ketchup! YumBoth dishes were quite substantial so we decided to forgo dessert. We charged the bill to the room (hello identity points) and we were out of there in record time. Thanks Henry, you're the perfect cure for a Vegas hangover Happy Eats!
4	This is a great place to come for breakfast or lunch if you're staying at the Cosmopolitan. It's a bit on the pricier side, but not anything outrageous or not-to-be expected - it is Vegas after all. If you want salads, sandwiches, and comfort food, you'll be able to find all that here. I haven't tried their burger, but if you are thinking of getting a burger here, go to Holsteins (on the 3rd floor) instead - they make phenomenal burgers.I split a salad and sandwich with my coworker and they were really thoughtful and split our meal on separate plates before serving us.The Tuscan Kale Caesar Salad ($11) was good - it was a mix between romaine lettuce and kale, with parmesan cheese, croutons and and caesar dressing. It was everything that I expected in the salad. Nothing that blew my socks off, but it was good and a solid salad.The French Dip Sandwich ($16) was also good - it was decently sized and they were not too skimpy with the meat. The best part were the truffle tots - perfectly crispy and anything with truffle is amazing.I was glad I split the salad and sandwich - it was the perfect balance of food, and the right amount of food for me. I'd come back here again for breakfast, brunch or lunch, and a good option for late night food since it's open 24/7.
5	Fantastic food all around. I love my hanger steak salad. steak was cooked to perfection and the seasoning? yum! Everyone at our table was quite happy with their dishes. If you want to stay away from the "restaurant row" at Cosmo and still want to catch great food, this is the spot. We also loved our own little private booth too. Good atmosphere for conversation.
3	We originally come here because we saw on yelp that the lobster sandwich looked amazing and sadly they don't carry it anymore. Very disappointed. The waiter said they change the menu frequently. I had the French dip, it was alright. The tater tots were very good though. I probably wouldn't be back, there are far better restaurants in Vegas, but that's just my opinion.
5	Reccomendation: Get the Henry Burger with the Garlic Tator Tots. That's what I ordered and it was a five star rated meal.
4	Enjoyed a breakfast of short rib and poached eggs.  Others in our group had everything from breakfast burritos to classic poached eggs.  No complaints by anyone. Conveniently located and great way to start our morning.
2	On my last visit to Las Vegas, I had breakfast at the Henry on two separate occasions.  The Henry has been a regular breakfast stop every time I'd stayed at the Cosmopolitan.  It had been, up until now, a model of consistency given its high-end 24-hour casino diner status.  However, both visits on this trip provided wildly different experiences, which also offered two distinct data points indicating that things are amiss at the Henry.First, good, consistent service has noticeably slipped.  On Saturday morning around 11am with a party of six, our service was fast, friendly and attentive.  On Tuesday morning around 10am, service was largely AWOL as it took over 25 minutes for our breakfasts to come out after placing our orders with no interim stops at our table by our server to check up on us or to explain/apologize for the excessive wait for our food.  Second, the food quality, execution, and portion sizes have nosedived.  I had the Short Rib Benedict ($19) on Saturday.  While it was still a tender, flavorful, and savory hunk of meat, it was noticeably a much smaller portion than I'd received on previous trips to the Henry.  The short rib isn't served atop an English muffin, but instead a potato hash.  However, this time the hash was desiccated, crispy, flavorless, and not very appetizing.  It wasn't a good result for this previously awesome dish.  On Tuesday, I had the Breakfast Burrito ($16).  It, too, was noticeably smaller than I remembered.  More damning was that after the excessive wait to get it, the burrito was only warm, not hot, and seemingly soggy and limp.  It had likely sat around for a while before being brought out to me.  However, the ultimate failure was that I bit into a foreign object, an inch-long sliver of clear plastic, found in the center of my burrito.  While the server did the right (and only) thing and took my burrito of our bill, it was really too late to recover from an awful experience.   At least the Illy coffee that they serve was good and hot on both visits.Everyone has an off day.  That said, the slippage at the Henry is painfully apparent.  While I will stay at the Cosmopolitan again, the same can't be said about a return visit to the Henry.
4	I could have given 5 stars because everything was so good, but I'm saving my 5 stars for something really crazy, like free delicious food with entertainment and maybe a happy ending. (like chocolate molten cake)Anyway, we had a superb breakfast yesterday at The Henry. I had the Breakfast burrito a it was the best I have had.  It's one of my favorite breakfast while on vacation and I have had quite a few at various locations.  Clem's in Rutland Vermont was also good but not as tasty as this one.My wife had the eggs, sausage, home fries and she loved it. The staff could not have been better and, we ate at 10:30 am and could not eat again until dinner at 7pm, and that's after walking around Vegas all day.The service could not have been more pleasant or helpful.
4	It was the Saturday after a Friday night out and just what we needed. Good breakfast food. I wouldn't say amazing but the eggs, bacon and cheese hash browns were good. The hash browns were the highlight. It's not anything out of the ordinary but a good spot for breakfast if you're staying at the hotel
5	OMFG!!!  Best french toast!! Steaks, tots and sandwiches are great too.  Pricey but services were nice.  YUM!
5	The French Kiss is a must if you are going to come here, it is a cocktail drink consisting of Ford's gin, st. Germaine liqueur, rose syrup, and prosecco. Just the perfect strength when mixed here, and it is just delicious. What I usually love to get from here is the Reuben, you will never find a better Reuben than at Henry's! Always nice and friendly service, a highly recommended place to grab a bite all day and night!
3	We went to The Henry for a very late dinner as our flight didn't get in until 9pm. It is right next to the door to the Strip so it made for some good people watching, but there was also a draft coming in from outside. The Henry is also right next to one of the Cosmopolitan's bars so we also got to watch their models and window box dancers which was nice. It's pretty loud, so don't expect to have a lot of conversation with your party unless you're ok with using 'Outside Voices'. There are a bunch of tvs so you can also watch a game if you want.I ordered the Croque Monsieur which was very tasty and much bigger than I thought it would be. The Boy got a Tuscan Salad with Chicken which he devoured. I also got their 63rd Chromosone drink which was very good. Our bill was $55 which I thought was reasonable for a drink and two entrees. The service was quick and Marco was attentive. I would definitely stop again for a bite to eat.
2	Food lacked flavor. I did go there for a late dinner since I wanted something light and quick before heading out to the club. Ordered the Caesar salad with chicken but it was tasteless. The dressing was nothing special and the chicken seemed like the chicken McDonalds would put in their salads. My sister had the breakfast burrito which I did have a bite of and that was probably the most decent thing on the menu. The French dip is not good at all so don't bother ordering it. Many better places in the hotel to eat at.
4	Great food, great service and most importantly- HEALTHY meal choices. Thank you so much!!!! Can't tell you how happy it makes me to find a restaurant in LV that serves healthier selections.
3	The funny thing is that we been waiting for 20 minutes and I can clearly see the tables open but no one gets to clean them so people can be sit there. Very poor management, the hostess is cleaning the tables, I guess their buss boys are having drinks in the back or something. Get your heads out of your asses and manage this place , if you can't then go work at Burger King or something. Messed up thing is that the casino management is not monitoring this places either. It's their rep on the line but I guess no one gives a rats ass.
4	We had just checked in at Cosmo and needed to grab food.  Came to check out this menu and decided their burgers looked good based on description.   My other friends got burgers but I went with the French Dip after reading some reviews on here.  I wouldn't say I am a fan of French Dips but just kinda wanted to try something different.  It was really solid!!  Tender meat and the bread was really good.  I loved their their au jus was perfectly flavored.  I find most to be too salty.  The Henry got this right. Their truffle tater tots are the business!!!  So delicious!!  Really!  Get them and skip the fries.  C'mon, you can get fries anywhere! Our server was extremely attentive and checked on us consistently.  An added plus was that we sat near the walkway of entrance where they had fun dancers getting down to some top 40 tunes.  Cute choreography.  Overall, a nice and tucked away place to grab some good food!
4	Our go to place for breakfast while staying in the Cosmopolitan.  Service is always good Larry has waited on us a couple of times and is very personable.  They do have healthy choices and that's nice.  I love the potato/hash brown casserole.  Steak and eggs wow this is a huge ribeye steak!  Fruit plate is good but the bowl of berries is a better value.  Oj is yummy fresh squeezed and shaken till chilled.
3	Ate here while staying at The Cosmopolitan. I ordered the Benedict's Florentine. They used canned spinach, I don't recommend that entree. Potato pancake was pretty good. Other entrees looked better, latte was great and service was great as well.
5	Went here to have breakfast two days in a row ^_^ Henry is amazing. Also nice to see that they retained most of the same staff from my last visit. That is awesome and not a lot of venues can brag about that. They took Eggs Benedict off the menu but its still possible to order. Breakfast burrito is still kick a$$ and the bartenders make the best Mechiladas and Bloody Mary's on the strip. Must visit for breakfast!
5	Honestly, I have no idea why this rating is so low. We stayed in the Cosmo recently, on a girls trip, and we ate here 2 of the 3 days, the other group of girls ate here 3 of the 3 days for our breakfast meal.Their Dill/Cucumber smashed Bloody Mary is to die for!!!  Their coffee is divine. The service was great both times AND there was little to no wait times to eat!The first day 2 girls ordered the Short Rib Benedict- Hot Damn is that good!  It was so good, in fact, they wanted it AGAIN the next day and sure as shit they both ordered it AGAIN!!!!!  But truly the most AMAZING THING is their Gruyere cheese hashbrown cake of LOVE. I actually thought it was a Risotto cake at first, but BY GOD IS THAT GOOD!  It's hashbrowns, onions, and cheese in a latkes style hashbrown circle of mouth watering, tongue tingling DELECTABLENESS. Need I say more?  Don't even think of not getting this thing. It's so good other people did without fries or tater tots; which by the way, they have as well, to get this as their side item instead. It can't be good for you, but by golly is it good!I got a burger the 2nd day as it was 11 o'clock on Saturday and they had a brunch menu, it was delicious as well.I would eat here again and again! I'd be 500 lbs but I would do it!
5	I just had the Henry breakfast and it was perfect! The hash brown was amazing. I don't usually eat a lot of hash but the entire breakfast was awesome! I love this place!!!!
3	A good solid breakfast.   The cinnamon french toast is very filling and the coffee is good too.
3	Wanted some food late at night and Henry's menu seemed decent enough.  Ordered the French Dip with Truffle Tater Tots and the Henry Burger with French Fries.  My French Dip was actually very moist and flavorful.  Served with horseradish sauce and au jus, I eagerly ate this sandwich up.  The tater tots that came along with it tasted good, but  I didn't taste much truffle in or on them.  Still I'd never pass up a good tot.The atmosphere was what one would expect at a casino in Las Vegas.  Loud and right there next to the tables.  I would have given this place 4 stars for the food alone.  But the prices seemed high for what we got, even for being in Vegas.
4	The Henry is a great go-to spot for breakfast while @Cosmopolitan... Friendly staff, variety, and decent appointments (comfy chairs and booths). Definitely 4 stars fresh...
5	This place is AMAZING! I came for lunch with a friend and received awesome customer service and equally awesome and much more delicious food! We split the mushroom cheesesteak and rueben sandwiches (about $15 each), which came with a side of your choice. We got yummy fruit, which was a cup of pineapple, raspberries, blackberries, blueberries, grapes, and a slice of orange. We wanted to share our sandwiches, and asked for them to swap halves on both plates. At first, our waiter (BILLY IS AWESOME!) said they cut the sandwiches in half, but it was busy, so the chefs probably wouldn't want to swap them on the plates, which was understandable. When we got our food, another gentlemen brought our swapped sandwich plates, which made our lives THAT much easier! Also, we didn't order any drinks, and Billy knew we needed a break from the night before, with much sympathy. He was super fun and really nice to talk with. (THANKS SO MUCH, BILLY!)Totally down to come back next time I'm in town! :D
4	Great spot for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. Love the French Toast. Breakfast burrito was also excellent. Coworkers really like the smoked salmon as well. When other spots are full, this is a great choice.
4	I went to the Henry twice for breakfast during my stay at the Cosmopolitan.  The wait wasn't very long either time.  The wait staff is super attentive and efficient.  My favorite server was Larry.  Breakfast was also tasty.  I got the Belgium waffle with fresh strawberries and whipped cream twice- no syrup necessary.  The waffle was soft and fluffy and oh so good.  I also got a side of bacon.  The cafe lattes were delicious as well.  The portions are a good size.  The prices are a bit high, but I feel that this is standard for Las Vegas, and the food WAS good enough for me to go back a second time.  I would definitely eat here again, and would recommend anyone to do so.
4	I had walked by here several times without even realizing what it was. Thankfully I finally took the time to check it out. It is in a convenient location on the first floor of Cosmopolitan right in the middle of all the action.The menu is filled with traditional American food options. It is reasonably priced for Las Vegas. I ordered the French Dip. The portion was normal for a dip. The sandwich was tasty. The horseradish dip had good flavor without being overwhelming. For my side I chose the truffle tater tots. I enjoy tots and truffles so it was an easy choice for me. The tots were solid. The truffle oil gave it that nice extra bit of flavor.Overall I walked away happy. This is a nice alternative to all the super spendy/trendy options in Cosmo. They have a few breakfast options they serve all day, which is great for those late night meals.
2	Our party of 4 came in for a very early dinner reservation on a Friday night at 5:30.  There were only a few other tables with patrons, so the place was not busy by any means.  With all of that said - our service was absolutely atrocious.  We ordered a bottle of wine for the table and it took almost 10 minutes for our server to bring it to the table.  After placing our orders, the food came out haphazardly and three of us sat awkwardly with our sandwiches while we waited for our fourth DP's meal to arrive.  Lastly - we waited entirely too long for our check to arrive and our plates to be cleared, even though we were obviously finished.  I'm a sucker for good service and expected much more from a restaurant in the Cosmopolitan!Service aside, the food was good.  I had the french dip and the truffled tator tots were the highlight of my meal.  I also really enjoyed the mushroom risotto that we all split as an appetizer.  Last note - I know it's Vegas, and anything goes, but there was a table of very obviously intoxicated women wearing swimsuit tops and stumbling all over the restaurant.  Come onnnnn.I know restaurants have off nights, but I was really turned off by the service, especially considering that it was not busy.  I won't be back.
4	It's a place you always pass by but never go in and I went the other daythe veggie appetizer thing was really delicious I couldn't get enough of the hummus and pita bread they were just deliciousthe chicken fried pork chop was ok it wasn't really worth it to me it was a bit basic and could be betterAs far as anything with tater tots go make sure you ask for EXTRA TRUFFLE OIL on it to make it taste better than ordinary
1	Place looks great but sevice and food is AWFUL!I GOT FOOD POISIONING HERE from the Loaded Totor Tot Nachos....avoid at all costs. I have been puking all day any trying to get better. It was not the drinks last night either as I had two beers the entire night taking it easy.The service was awful as well as we had to ask where our server was twice since he was no where to be seen.
4	Needed a reasonable dinner for 4 before a show that was in the neighborhood between Bellaggio and New York, New York. The Henry at the Cosmopolitan had a diverse yet interesting menu, so we elected to meet there for dinner.Salads were delicious. Plate on which the Tuscan Kale salad was served was awkwardly shaped and as a result, much Kale Salad ended up on the tablecloth but otherwise was excellent. Salmon nicoise salad was also fantastic.Highlight was dirty martini with blue-cheese stuffed olives. Great prices, good service, fun location for being right in the action of the casino. Would definitely return for dinner before adjourning to the Bond or the Chandelier bar in the Cosmopolitan.
5	Fantastic French dip sandwich. Burger was really good too.  Mixed green salad was fantastic, right mixture of flavors. If you're looking for a restaurant on the strip and you don't want to spend too much, don't think twice.
3	I had breakfast at THE HENRY and liked my entree (Eggs Benedict) and thought my side (Potato Hockey Puck) tasted funny. I don't know why, I ate at it and picked at it and couldn't figure out what was in it that was off. Mystery...Cool place and probably worth another shot.3.25 stars.
5	A beautiful restaurant with friendly staff. But the key part is always the food. I got the Short Ribs Benedict ($19) because it's what a large portion of Yelp reviewers had recommended. It was absolutely amazing. The thing I always worry about poached eggs is that the yolk gets overcooked and begins to harden. The first thing I did when my food arrived was run the knife through the center of the eggs and was super happy to find that the yolk ran out perfectly. The ribs were tender enough to cut with a butter knife and the potato cake under the ribs were cooked well. There was a jus covering the ribs and a wonderfully made hollandaise over the eggs. The flavors blended together were heavenly. I also ordered the apple juice and it was totally worth the $5 because it was fresh, and it was completely different from everything I'd ever had before. I could just imagine that with some kind of caramel vodka and some cinnamon schnapps to create an amazing baked caramel apple kind of drink.My friend ordered the Cinnamon Roll French Toast ($15) with bacon ($6). The french toast was equally amazing. The buttery flavor of the roll with the cinnamon swirled through it brought a unique flavor to it that I hadn't had before with other french toast. The bacon was cooked incredibly well with a good crunch, but not overly done. This was an absolutely amazing breakfast and I couldn't have asked for any better. Everything about this place gave me the best start to my morning. I would highly recommend it and I would go back again. For what we got, it was worth every penny, and the cost of it felt well justified. Try this place. You won't regret it.
5	You MUST try their truffle tossed tator tots!  Holy yummy, Batman!  They haunt me...they also have gluten-free bread, which is awesome since I have Celiac's. Service is always great, the restaurant comfortable and clean, the food excellent. As a local, I rarely visit the strip but when I do I make sure to visit The Henry even if it's just for the tots!
3	Every time we stay at the Cosmo (too often), we end up going here at least twice. While the food here is pretty pricey for what it is and not even close to amazing - I give it 3 stars purely because of how they generously split dishes for me when sharing entrees. And I don't mean just providing an extra plate and getting shoved the meal to cut it myself. They thoughtfully slice and portion things out in half and still manage to make the presentation nice. I wish they had a spinach and mushroom benedict option for vegetarians (they only have 2 meat benedict options) - when I asked to substitute the meat for spinach and mushrooms instead, we were charged an additional $3 - which I can't justify. I hate that they completely overcharge my sister every time she orders juice - a consistent issue with the bartender we have had because we go so often. It makes me angry just thinking about how they rip her off of just pouring 2 concentrate juices into a tiny glass. I did like their French Onion Soup the few times we had it - can get pretty salty though. Truffle tater tots can get really greasy/heavy/oily by the end too. Overall we go here more because of the location, it's never my choice to go here - management clearly doesn't care about customer satisfaction/loyalty here.
4	Had a great brunch experience! Fast service, great food (had breakfast burrito with avocado added and to die for truffle tots). Reasonable price for strip
3	Not bad, I had the vegetarian cheesesteak and it was quite delicious. I substituted fruit for the fries and the fruit was pretty fresh and quite tasty too.  O, the cheesesteak was only 15 bucks which wasn't bad considering I paid 30 bucks for fish and chips at Gordan Ramsay Pub & Grill and it was total shit.
5	Late Night Favorite!!The burgers and the french dip are great!  The fries are perfect every time, and there is enough to take a little box back to the room for later.  Service has always been fabulous, and the drinks good.  Being close to an exit onto the strip there is plenty of entertainment coming in and going out so make sure you keep an eye on the doorway!Bond is also across the way, so you can still get the experience of watching the cage dancers and hearing the music without the "stuck in a trendy club" feel.
4	I moseyed over to the Cosmopolitan to eat at the Henry for breakfast on a Monday morning. It was about 10am and there was no wait. It was classy and cute, with some whimsical takes on the overt masculinity of old school gambling culture, and a nice break from the casino right outside. It was full of big chesterfield booths, and velvet covered chairs, argyle walls, and possibly my favorite piece of art EVER (picture attached). This horse's bangs are on-point, and I consider her to be the one fashion icon I saw in Vegas. But most importantly, the food, right? First, the coffee cups are big. Thank you. It's Vegas. People are purging their sins from the night before, and that calls for a heavy hitting cup of coffee. The servers were great about refilling, but also asking before they refilled. One of my personal pet peeves is when you get your coffee/cream/sugar ratio perfect and then they add more coffee. But they know what's up. Constant refills, always asking first. Juices were served in martini glasses, and one of my companions ordered a really beautiful fruit smoothie and loved it. There is an embarrassment of riches at the Henry. We had to strategically order to make sure we covered the bases. We ordered a California Club Omelet and the Blueberry Buttermilk Pancakes and split them. The omelet was full of creamy avocado and cheddar cheese, and studded with crispy bacon pieces. My friend doesn't like tomatoes and I love them, so we got them on the side, and they were nice, fresh, and sweet. The omelet was served with a potato hash brown type cake on the side that was the best thing I ate. It was very crispy on both sides, and creamy inside. It was really flavorful, and we spent some time trying to guess the flavors inside. I'll save you the guesswork and let you know (I asked the waitress). They use the truffle tater tots for the potatoes. It has cheddar and Gruyere, onions, leeks, and thyme. It was seasoned with the perfect amount of salt and pepper. It was heavenly. The meal was served with a choice of toast and I got the sourdough. It was pretty good, because sourdough toast is always good, but nothing to write home about. I usually eat all of my toast, but I left 3 of the 4 pieces behind to make room because the rest of my meal was so good.We also got the blueberry buttermilk pancakes. They're served with a dusting of powdered sugar and syrup on the side. They were fluffy and sweet, but not *too* sweet. I didn't need the syrup at all, because they were so moist and tender without. I'm sad that we didn't get to try the Cinnamon Roll French Toast or the Short Rib Eggs Benedict because they look deliciously decadent, but the guys who went with us are SO RESPONSIBLE about ordering healthy and we couldn't talk them into it. It'd be worth a trip back next time I'm in Vegas. I would definitely come back here to try the specialties. I really enjoyed my meal and the ambiance at the Henry.
5	Nice atmosphere, upscale decor, and has a good feel inside.  A little concerning is the fact I've never seen this 24-hour eatery busy when we've passed by.  Granted, we tend to go to Las Vegas during the weekdays and are seldom there on weekends.The service was excellent and the food excellent.  We didn't order anything too difficult or fancy... just the house burger (caramelized onions, mushrooms, melted cheddar on a soft roll) and fries, along with the fish n chips (with homemade tartar sauce).  Definitely one of the top burgers & fish n chips orders we've ever had.  It arrived piping hot and the burger was exactly as ordered (well done, but still juicy and delicious).  The pickles that came with the burger reminded me of the homemade kind my grandmother used to make many years ago -- sweet, tangy, delicious.  They weren't your standard bottled dill pickles at all.I hope more people discover The Henry at The Cosmopolitan.  It's off in a corner, features booths and a relaxing atmosphere.  Combine that with great food and service, and it's certainly worth a try.  Glad we did.
2	The service was slow even though the place was pretty much empty when we arrived. The food is decent but nothing I'd recommend to a friend especially for the price. The good news is if you are seated to the left you have a pretty good view of the dancers.
3	I enjoyed the food here but the prices are way high. I ordered the corned beef hash with 2 over easy eggs & 2 slices of toast. That really shouldn't cost $17. They make a killing in profit every time someone like me orders it.With that said, we're probably paying for the ambiance, which is pretty nice - modern & clean. Staff is great. If you're going for breakfast, make a reservation. Wait time can be long otherwise.Hardest part was finding it in the hotel. On first level in the back past the chandelier bar.
5	Wanted a no-hassle dinner at the Cosmo and found this place.  Was nice to get out of the craziness of the lobbies and casino floor and just sit at the bar and catch the World Cup highlights. Drinks were the typical high prices you find on the strip so I stuck with water (so can't comment on the fancy cocktails, but FYI no draft beers)Ordered the pork potato skins and the kale caesar salad.  Both were good but the skins were particularly tasty.Recommend if you want a low-key dinner while staying at or around the Cosmo on the strip.
5	5 visits & 5 stars back to back! :))))I love the Henry. You take a shower in the morning... look in the mirror to see your blood shot eyes from partying and gambling the night before and realize that you need help in the recovery process. Where do you go? The Henry!Amazing breakfast and lunch. The service is always on point. Furthermore the staff recognized me from my previous visits which was kind of cool...:)Lastly, the bartenders here know what they are doing. Order any of your favorite drinks and you will not be disappointed. Great place to check out before heading to the pool. Dont dare to complaint about the prices because you are in Vegas....LOLCheers.
2	Two stars are for the waiters attentiveness, water, and friesThe food was not great. I had the tater tot nachos and also the hot wings. The nachos were overly greasy and caused me to wake up multiple times for obvious reasons. The wing were flabby. Needed to be fried a longer time. Bill ended up being 47 before tip felt like I got grapped.
4	Awesome place all times of the day.... Went to Marquee on Saturday night, wanted to get some food after alot of Alcohol consumption. Man did their:Fried Chicken Sandwich and fries Hit the spot, nice size sandwich with good quality chicken. My wife an I liked it so much we told the family (20 of us) to go for breakfast!! Man did it hit the spot, so no drunken review here... The wings. OmeletSteak and Eggs were VERY good. Bloody Mary was one of the best i have ever had!! GO HERE, great food and pretty quick service as well....
4	Damn... this place is delicious, and i'm not just saying that because I may or may not have been tired and intoxicated when I dined here.On Friday, July 4th, after a happenin' night out with my girlfriends, it was our goal to find food; fried, fatty food to be exact. Well I don't know if people know this, but there is not an abundance of fast food choices available inside The Cosmopolitan. We were desperate for food so we asked a nice bartender where we would find french fries and a burger at the hour of 3 a.m. She directed us to The Henry. We arrived at the entrance to the restaurant and we were quickly seated by a pleasant gentleman. Our waiter shortly followed and took our drink orders. After thoroughly reviewing the menu, and subsequently stumbling upon the fried chicken sandwich, my mind was made up. We all ordered our food and then we waited, and waited, and, well, waited some more. Now, I don't know if it just seemed like an eternity due to the hour of the day or our level of intoxication, but man... waiting for our food was like waiting for a popsicle to melt in Antarctica. Finally, our food arrived! And ohhhh myyyy gahhhh.... it was sooooooooo good. I would gladly have waited for another hour if I had known what was in store. The spicy chicken sandwich is unreal. I'm talking crunchy, fried, spicy, two layers of chicken with a tasty and tangy slaw in the middle on a delicious bun with pickles. Throw a side of french fries next to it and it wins the best looking couple of the year award in my book. Classiest, most expensive, but well-worth-it drunk food. (Or sober food if alc just isn't your thing)
1	Will never go back, Have been here twice, what a mistake. Expect to send your food back when it comes out. Burgers were burnt , Soup was cold. Everything is loaded with salt. Awful food. Cosmopolitan staff doesn't care if you complain about it
5	Wow Henry, you never cease to impress me with your consistent quality and amazing taste. While everything else (especially the rooms) in Cosmo has been quickly deteriorating around you, you still continue to maintain the same incredible service and food since the beginning of time, like an untainted blossoming lotus amidst a spoiling pond. Congrats and keep up the fabulous work. I will no longer be staying at Cosmo because I refuse to walk on the soiled carpet that stink of puke, because of the bath towels with strangers' lipstick prints left in my clean room, but no worries as I will go out of my way to pay you a visit everytime I'm in town .
1	I don't care if they ever offer me a voucher to take my friends and family back to this place.. I will never come back.I am very big on service.. due to my egg allergy. I came here very early in the morning with a group of 7 friends so you can only imagine they only offered the breakfast menu.. which consists of egg infested selections. That's perfectly fine for me, I always manage to order something without eggs or simply ask them to make it without eggs.I ordered the breakfast burrito and informed our waiter that I have an allergy.. which means that not only can I NOT have eggs, but I cannot eat anything that includes it (such as ranch, mayo, etc) and it cannot be cooked with it as well. The waiter said he'd make sure of it. The food came out promptly. Two bited later, my lips started to itch and swell. Fortunately for me.. my reactions come quickly so I am able to prevent myself from eating more and getting worst reactions. So I simply informed our waiter that I was getting allergies and for him to take the plate away. He asked me if I wanted anything else and I declined. I was not upset, I understand that he did everything that he could within his own power. Shortly after, the manager came up to me and asked me about my allergy. Instead of apologizing, he wanted to make it a point that there were no eggs in the burrito. I explained to him that if my food even touches eggs or gets cooked on the same pan, I will get the same reaction and I understand that it's a breakfast menu so there are risks for me eating during breakfast hours. He then asked if I wanted to make a claim, in which I politely declined. He insisted and said that he has to because of policy. Then why even bother asking?? So I told him to do whatever he needs to do.A few minutes later, two paramedics showed up next to me asking me if I add asked for urgent care. I told them I did not request for it. They asked if I was having allergy reaction and I said I was, but it was light and that it wasn't an emergency. They offered me benedryl but I declined because it has no affect on me. They left to go discuss with the manager, in which at this point.. I was already embarassed by the scene they caused. Everyone was staring at me like I was going to pass out and die. And after all that, they had the nerve to come back and ask me to sign a consent form stating that I had refused their service. That was my last straw. I told them I was signing any paperwork and to just bring us the bill and they still managed to charge our table after the chaos they had just created when I simply told them to take back my plate.I don't know the manager's name, but this gives Cosmopolitan a really bad name. Learn to understand that CUSTOMERS ARE ALWAYS RIGHT and it's not your job to prove us wrong. I don't care if you disected my burrito to make there was no eggs, I think me having ALLERGIC REACTION is enough to prove the point. Not only did you ruin my meal, you ruined the rest of my day. You bet I am writing to corporate about this and I hope whoever has allergies can understand my pain and not support such poor management.
4	Can only comment on the breakfast...which was very very good. The henry is Cosmo's 24 hour a day go-to spot...much much more than what you might perceive a 24 hr. "coffee shop" to be. after all..its the Cosmopolitan!. Its pricey and elegant yet we felt very comfortable. our waiter was always available..filled the waters and coffee's up after seemingly each sip. Wife had the waffle with strawberries and cream and loved it. I had the henry breakfast with three delicious over easy eggs and tasty pork sausage. orange juice was very good and we were offered refills. a breakfast here will easily get you through until dinner time.
4	Great place to dine if you somehow end up drinking and are hungry after a night of dancing. The food was delicious and the service was great. My only complaint was that the tables were so close together that I felt I was also dining with the people next to me. Yes it is a little pricier but you are dining on the strip in the cosmo, you won't be finding a dollar menu here. Highly recommend if youre in the area and want the most amazing breakfast burrito.
4	This is the first place I ate at when I came to Vegas. I ordered the Diagon Ally drink and omg it's amazing!!!!! I also had the Caesar salad with grilled shrimp also good. My boyfriend ordered the Henry burger and he loved his. Our waiter was awesome, the host could've used some customer service skills but overall it was great! And we will be back!
3	I think I've dined at half of the places in the Cosmopolitan but this is one of the places I haven't been to and so I said why not?  I came here twice and decided that I would order the same thing on both days.  I know I'm adventurous.  Anyway since I was on a business trip I decided I would eat some greens since I normally don't and so I ordered the grilled chicken salad which came with tomatoes, cucumbers and walnuts.  I didn't even realize this the first time but apparently the chicken was cold, ice cold.  Anyway I was short on time so I didn't ask for the chicken to be heated up.  The Henry feels more like a cafe, maybe a nicer hotel cafe with a fancier name and the prices are Vegas prices but as I said it's Vegas and it's in the Cosmopolitan.  I wouldn't mind coming back since it's close to the entrance and it's a comfortable setting.  I'm giving it three stars because I wasn't wowed by the place or anything.
3	The henry burger used to be amaaaazing....key word ... USED to be. I don't know what was wrong with it the last time I had it, but it was definitely off par.
3	Overpriced but solid food.
1	When the cosmo first open I remember eating at this place and the food was great, so I suggested to my friends we grab a bite here.Justin (The manager) is a horrible restaurant manager and should be hidden in the back room. He is unfriendly, doesn't appoligize or show any care for assisting and making sure guests are take care of. (Justin should show a better example to his staff)When we first walked up, the restaurant was empty. Justin personally walked by us 3 times with out stopping to see if we've been helped, maybe take our name down, even could have just told us one moment - we'll be right with you. I made sure to stop him the next time and ask can we be helped. He said thought we're with another group.. I guess the 3 girls and myself looked like we're with the other group that was all dressed up.. but anyway.. through the meal and in the end, we never got checked on by this manager Justin.. or barely by our waiter...So the fun continued, we ordered (great food, bad service) ... the waiter spilled water and ice on the table on two seperate occassions and not once he appologized or made a valid effort to clean it up.. When our food came out, our waiter never came over to check on us. We had to stop the waiter for our check and then he asked how our food was.Who cares at that point.. we just wanted out.. our food took forever to come out and the entire experience just sucked.--- So later the next day, late night was with a different group of friends and it was like 4am and they wanted to eat.. so we went to the cafe, at 4am I understand bad service, but the place seems like it has staff and shouldn't have poor service.. but again horrible service.. I didn't mention my previous experience and I wasn't personally eating this time.. so it was kind of funny to hear this group of friends complaining about the poor service this cafe has... This is not what I think the cosmo's main cafe planned to have.. poor poor service. -- Justin was also the manager on staff at this time too.Should be a 0 star...
4	The Henry is a good spot for breakfast in the Cosmo.  I came here for breakfast with a client, and we each got their egg white omelette with veggies.  I've had my fair share of watery egg white omelettes, and this one was perfect!  Not too salty, just the right size.  We also got coffee and a side of toast.  The toast came with butter and 4 options of jam... yum.We saw a lot of people around us eating waffles and other breakfast items -- all of them looked great.  The service was fast and also very friendly.
2	We wanted this place to be great and well it just isn't. If you are coming for food find another spot. If you get the right seat and you can see the happening casino at least you know what you are paying for. Next time I'll gamble with my money not with my food.
4	Came here for steak and eggs after clubbing at Drais. Located inside The Cosmopolitan. No wait and seated immediately. FYI breakfast is served all day..big plus! Steak was juicy and cooked perfectly. Big portions. The seasoned breakfast potato it came with was amazing!! Not the cheapest steak & eggs in Vegas but worth it- $38.Service was as good as the food. Checked up on us constantly. Very friendly, professional and accommodating. A few friends came to join us last minute. They had no problem switching us to a bigger table.
5	Fun hip and relaxing place to grab a quick meal. Prices are reasonable considering it is in the hotel.  Easy to fuel up and get back out for fun.
5	We had tried the Overlook Grill at the Cosmo the morning before, so decided to try The Henry for breakfast this time. Located at the East Tower end near the entrance off the strip, this place is an open and very nicely decorated hip bar/dining restaurant. But for my friends and I, it was a place to try out the breakfast this morning because it looked nice and was convenient. It was about 10am and the place wasn't crowded and there was no line up....so we were seated immediately.Like at the previous morning, I ordered what was called The Henry Breakfast.... supposedly one of the "Specialty" breakfasts. Again, you get to choose how you want your eggs with a choice of pork sausage or chicken apple sausage, hash browns, and toast....I ordered an egg white scramble and the chicken apple sausage this time. My friends ordered the Croque-Monsieur Omelet which was filled with Canadian bacon, caramelized onionsSwiss cheese, with breakfast potato and toast on the side.The portions were very generous and our server was very nice enough to have the kitchen split their dish into two, and both their plates looked like FULL breakfast orders! The breakfast was excellent and well worth the $18 for all that food.....of course it's a bit expensive, but this is the Cosmo on the Strip....so what did you expect. If you're looking for some place cheaper then I'm sure there's a Denny's somewhere within a few miles of the strip. All I will say is the breakfast was absolutely delicious.....my eggs were perfectly cooked, smooth and fluffy, the hash browns unique and yummy, the chicken apple sausage and sourdough toast just made for a perfect.....and very filling.....breakfast. Service was excellent and our server was helpful, attentive, and friendly throughout. We really enjoyed everything.
4	Had the French onion soup and it was delish.  The service was excellent!  Decor is different but cool.
3	Its ok... food... if you are hung over this is the perfect place for a burger to soak up the liquor.... staff is ok.. now pricey a little high for a burger. .. but once again you are im Vegas. .. everything is high
4	Always a must when you stay at Cosmo. They have amazing breakfast and lunch items on the menu. This time I tried the French Dip and it was good. Usually, when I make it downstairs before their breakfast is over, I order the egg Benedict which is VERY delicious.
3	Tiny portions. After receiving my pasta entree i had to order more food because it was as if they were feeding a 2 year old. The pasta was a little on the salty side. Took over 30 minutes for us to receive our food although the place was slow. Ther server was very nice though.
3	Great brunch spot! Loved the potato that came with the brunch entrees' and the French toast was delicious! The only down fall were the mimosas tasted a little funny with the orange juice or champagne weren't good. Other than that had a great experience!
5	First time coming here and I do say, the food was great! We were seated right away. Our waiter came and took a little while to get us our drinks.. But made up to it by being quick on getting our entrees ready quickly and always checking up on us to see if we needed anything additional or refills. I would defiantly come back here and have another delicious breakfast burrito.
1	Came here late night as we couldn't find a decent place to just get a little something to eat. DH ordered the Reuben for $18 and I the $11 kale salad. Never mind that the "techno music" is sooooo loud that one can't have a decent conversation, but my DHs Reuben was as dry as the desert I'm in. After complaining the mgr decided to take the $11 salad off the bill BUT HE COMPLAINED about the $18 sandwich. This place is a hell hole
4	Wonderful brunch. The Short Rib Eggs Benedict was absolutely wonderful. The Cinnamon Roll French toast was great. The only thing that keeps us from rating this higher is a mixture of the price and the "maple syrup". It was certainly better than the fake "syrup" but not as fine as quality as we expected. It had an off-taste that reminded us of caramelized sugar.
4	Came for drinks and to kill some time. Bartender was very friendly and easy to talk to. Atmosphere is nice... old world library setting. TVs on the wall to catch football and whatever else interests you. Bartender was very nice to change the channel per our request so we can watch the WSOP November nine live.Food looked really good judging from those around us. Will have to give it a try next time!
2	I'm giving this place 2 stars only because of the waiter my husband and I went there for late burgers and they had dancers in the casino near us which was nice the waiter very professional but sad to say the burgers hmm lack of salt and to me that is no Bueno but we ate anyway because we were hungry but I still can't forget the lack of salt ........
5	California Club omelet. Simply Amazing. Perfect for after the club or brunch the next morning. Great smoothies too.
5	Amazing breakfast.  Great service.  The short rib Benedict was incredible.  Most likely the best breakfast I've ever had.
3	Wanted to try a different atmosphere then always at the buffets. This enticed me due to the ambience and breakfast. My husband got the short rib Benedict which also had crusty hash browns with sauce and poached eggs. It was good. I ordered a lighter breakfast of more a veggie dish - eggs Benedict florentine. It was on English muffins and a bed of a lot of plain steamed spinach. On top was a well done poached egg that was perfectly runny and little sauce. It should have been more or I should have asked but for $17, I should not have to ask. I still added pepper and a little salt but asked for saracha. I had a cup of regular coffee that had free refills. All in all the service was good but since my meal was ok, I rate it 3 stars. Our breakfast turned into an eighty dollar meal for three!!! I will not be back but at least, I tried it if it's worth it!! ;-)
4	We love their breakfast here. Little pricey but it's extremely satisfying. Good food and service. Average price per plate is around $18. Steak and eggs $28 (?)
4	My buddy and I stumbled into the place after some late night drinking. I really didn't expect much at five in the morning. This place fit the bill with a decent selection of traditional comfort foods like burgers, fish and chips, sandwiches and breakfast served all day.I had a French onion soup and my wingman stuck with the French theme and ordered the French Dip sandwich. If I remember correctly, I really liked my soup. ;) It was covered in cheese, full of onion bits and tasty. French onion has always been my favorite and this was good. Across the table, Goose devoured his sandwich and the truffle tater tots (darn, I wish I tried one), so I assume he enjoyed his dish.Solid choice for late night eats!
4	This place is great. If you are hungry in the middle of the night or after partying, visit this place and you will not be disappointed. The food is good and the people are friendly. I ordered the fried chicken sandwich, it was really good but it was not as greasy as I hoped to absorb all the alcohol I had previously consumed!!!Overall a clean, vibrant restaurant.
2	I had the chicken wings and they where very good!!But the service is not the best they took long taking my order and they took longer getting my refills. At one point they forgot that i had order a drink. Not good for buisness!
4	Cafe inside the Cosmopolitan. Decently sized restaurant offering their take on various breakfast dishes. Wait times can vary but we were seated fairly quick. Host staff was pleasant to get us seated. Wait staff was a little slow to introduce. The group of us five made our different items. Including omelets, Benedict, French toast, and breakfast burrito. A coffee was also ordered. Water came at a good time. Coffee was filled sporadic. Coffee was ok nothing stellar. Food came reasonably quick. I ordered one of the hearty omelets which came with a side of toast. Potatoes were also served with the dish. Some of the best breakfast potatoes I have ever tried. The omelet was good. Lots of flavor. Not salty. The other dishes were savory and much enjoyed. Bill and check settlement were relatively quick. Good: food was decent. Bad: mediocre to okay speed of service.I would come back as nothing was pricy and food was decent.
3	Stopped here recently for brunch and it was good. I ha dr he cinnamon French toast with a side of bacon. The French toast was not described well on the menu. It turned out to be like a croissant type bread with very little cinnamon flavor and not very sweet. The description said it was dipped in custard but it was dry and didn't have too much flavor. The best part of my meal was the slab bacon. I got four slices that were cooked to perfection and super thick. Everyone in my party seemed to enjoy their meals. The service was very rude about my well-behaved kids being there. I would go back but try something else.
4	Honestly, I wouldn't have come here except that (1) it was stupid cold outside and I wasn't about to put on some clothes and (2) my friend suggested it, it was in the Cosmo...and yeah, that was that.Despite the obvious Strip-inflated prices, there's actually some pretty damn good food here! Was dying from the night before, so that means the only option was eggs...which means I needed a damn omelet. Croque Monsieur omelet it is!The one thing I actually realized was that this omelet ACTUALLY HAS EGGS. You know how you get an omelet, it looks like it just left the club drunk, and it's barely any egg with a bunch of stuff inside? Yeah, this omelet actually looked like a proper omelet and tasted like a proper omelet. Lots of egg and ingredients on the inside. I was actually pretty impressed.Service was ok, I got my fill of water refills lol. Not exactly on the list of my must-go places in Vegas, but hey it gets the job done if you want to be lazy.
