5	Excellent food - great service - Funky Pimp Juice I ate here over the weekend with the help my favorite Chowhounder (see: http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=4TByNfzySEQ0K9nglTaJzQ ) - Jim C..  He seems to find the gems with the help of the obscure tools of the chowhound site...Pros:  Awesome tasty foodGreat service - Noe Rocks!Live music (Friday night)Locals, locals, locals...Cons:weak margaritasHighly recommended!  For out-of-towners this is worth the drive or the cab-ride!more laters...
4	For a lifeling Vegas resident (ok, ok, Henderson) it sure took me a long time to get to Lindo Michoacan, and by the time I went it was all the rage.  While I didn't think it was everything it was pumped up to be, it was still very good.Their chips and salsa (truly the measure of any Mexican or Tex-Mex place) are dynomite.  Their entrees are big and tasty, and the margaritas are also big and tasty.  Service is always quick and friendly and the atmosphere is comfortable.There's nothing truly OUTSTANDING about Lindo, but it's good food that's consistently good with service you can count on.  What more can you ask for?
5	I love this place! I lived in Henderson for 2-3 years and everytime I go back for a visit I have to go here.  It reminded me of the food I grew up on. Homemade corn tortillas, awesome mole, and Milanesa.  I have taken family and friends there and everyone loves it. It does get busy on weekends but there is plenty of parking and they have a bar if you want to have a maragrita while you wait.  The waiters are friendly and the atmosphere is warm and inviting.
4	Since my sister lives in the LV, I've been able to hit this off-the-strip, real deal Mexican spot a couple of times when visiting her. It's refreshing to eat at a Mexican restaurant that is not upscale, without gimmicks, and has tasty margaritas. They also have an extensive menu with all kinds of yummy-sounding options, although their veggie selection is pretty thin. For an appetizer, try to the nopalitos--grilled cactus with onions that you wrap up in their homemade tortillas--delicious! Plus nopalitos is so fun to say. Nopalitos! My enchiladas verdes were very satisfying, though not the best I've ever had. Still, I will make it a point to eat at Lindo Michoacan next time I visit Vegas, especially on that last day when being on the strip for another moment might make me choke the 200th girl I see with a tiny waist and balloon-like double D's.
5	Lindo Michoacan is the best Mexican Restaurant in Las Vegas. The food and service are excellent. I've noticed the service is not so great on Sunday nights, but on Friday and Saturday nights it is a well run operation. I recommend any of the carne plates. Also, the home made tortillas are incredible! I'm a snob when it comes to Mexican food, trust me this place delivers. I drive across town to eat there.
2	UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE:Since I worte my last review of thi splace, I hace since gone back. I went this past Labor day weekend for lunch. I am so very very disappointed. The menu prices have gone up so much. Lunch and dinner used to be a decent price, now they have gone up nearly 2 bucks for each entree. They also used to include a small bowl of soup with lunch, now it is 4.95 for it!!!! On top of all this, they provide only ONE refill of your beverage at lunch. So sad that the owners seem to have gotten very greedy and began to overprice. Despite this being one of my favorite Mexican resturants of all time, the price, quality and greed will not allow me to go back. I will look for something new.You may never find another Mexican food resturant like this. WOW WOW WOW!!!!!  The food, awsome, the service, awsome, the price, awsome.  This family has done so well, and knows how to treat a customer!
3	I had to stop by this place before a show and honestly, it wasn't worth it esp. considering the distance between the strip and this place. I ordered for a take out and they were so rude about it. I wanted deep fried ice cream because it is the most delicious dessert, and it sucked. Hands down, the ice cream sucked. And the ice cream cost $6. So sad...
5	Hands down Best Traditional Mexican Food in town...Highly recommened.Can be pricey taking the whole familia...& you know mexicans..grandma, tia, tio by the time everyone orders your starving..not to long before they bring you a small bowl of fideo (soup). Fresh tortillas, cold corona, sizzleing fajitas...wow, im probably gonna go after work.
5	This is absolutely THE best Mexican restaurant on earth! We shared between 4 friends. Carnitas, Beef Fajitas, and Bacon shrimp fajitas!Home made tortillas...soooo good!  It was pure bliss with a side order of fresh guacamole they made table side!! If you go to Vegas... a must stop!! Margaritas to wash it all down! :)
3	Anyone who's read my reviews of Mexican restaurants knows that I judge a Mexican restaurant, first, by how they make Chile Relleno... AND then anything else they might have.My first impression of Lindo Michoacan was that this restaurant does not take Chile Relleno seriously, as the establishment serves it only as an ala-carte item or as an item included within their combination dishes. There are NO entrees with Chile Relleno by itself.... the waiter recommended that I order a couple of Chile Rellenos and just make my own entree... He just does not see the difference!Chips & Salsa - Large crispy and warm tortilla ccrn chips. Very tasty and appetizing Bean Dip and a Red Chili Salsa concoction. FYI: my kids told me to take it easy on the Chips and Salsa during Lunch, as Lindo Michoacan charges customers at Lunch for extra Chips and Salsa! WTF!!!!Chili Relleno - Abover average size Chile, but immersed in a very watery, very watery sauce. Relleno disintegrated while it was just sitting there! Ttalking to my Hispanic friends in California, I found out that Relleno are a very difficult item to make...  but Rellenos are also a staple of any Hispanic restaurant.Camarones Ranchero - Immersed in a watery Ranchero sauce that was reminiscent of the Chile Relleno sauce.... coulda been the same sauce! For $16 the pricing is just way too much money for the below average preparation. There is NOTHING innovative about the recipe for this Shrimp in Ranchero Sauce entree that would justify the high price! Lindo Michoacan should apologize to every customer before seating them on their high prices and below average quality. Tortillas - Hand-made, home-made flour tortillas.  Besides the Chips and Salsa, the best part of the Lindo Michoacan experience.I'll temper my two star rating with my kids' above average ratings. They love this Mexican restaurant for some reason. The positives of the home-made Tortillas and the Chips & Salsa does not offset the negatives of watery sauces that smother the Chile Relleno and Camarones Ranchero compounded by the very high prices and below-average service.
1	Wow lets talk about poor service. So the reviews looked pretty positive so a friend and I went here on vDay (today) we called to put our name on the list for 8, got there at 7.30, got seated at 9.20, only because we saw the girl who first wrote down our name.It kind of got to be a game, each person would ask where they were on the list and all the girl would say is 'yah, just a few' or 'just a little bit' without even finding their names. Not a place that is used to packed crowds.Now lets talk about the veggie burrito I got which was just filled with zucchini, 3 small pieces of onion and two slivers of carrots. No, doesn't pass for anything. No beans or cheese, or anything fun like that in it. Oh well, lesson learned. You guys can keep this one for yourself. Wont be going back.
4	Ive been going to this place ever since it opened. I love it and recommend it to anyone that wants to have a good time and good food.
1	I would have originally given this place like three stars, maybe.  More on that in a moment.I usually get chili rellenos or a burrito or fajitas or something, but tonight I decided to try the pollo con rejos y crema.  It was pretty good, although I would have liked more lettuce in my "salad".  The chicken was pounded thin, the sauce had a lot of flavor...well not really.  It was just green and watery all over my plate.  I didn't get nearly as many strips of pasilla as I thought I would, but I got a heck of a lot of onion...We usually get there after six, so it's already obnoxiously noisy, crowded, hot, etc etc.  Today we showed up around 5:30 and got a small break before the crowds poured in (why!?) and raised the decibel level of the place by 10000.But I could even deal with that.  My glass stayed full, and our server was friendly and accommodating in spite of our picky (aka personalized) orders.  It was when the check came and the debit card left my hand that the real fiasco began.Our server returned to our table, politely and quietly explaining that my card had been declined because the bank was refusing to approve the transaction.  Well duh.  Wait a minute.  WHAT!?After 20 minutes of struggling on the phone both inside and outside (it's so LOUD) with automated lists and air headed operators, the issue was finally resolved.  No, my account was fine.  No, there had been no lock put on it due to unaccounted for activity.  Yes, the server incorrectly punched in my expiration date.Seriously?  I know five and six are right beside each other, but SERIOUSLY?I was steamed and so upset that the mediocre meal I'd just semi-enjoyed became a churning, angry mass in my stomach.  Thanks Lindo for frustration induced indigestion.And I think their tortilla chips suck!
5	A friend of mine took me here because it was her favorite Mexican Restaurant. After meeting up with her and trying out the food, i can see why. And she's got great tasteI had the Camarones a la Diabla and she had Camarones Sarandeados.Despite mine being the spicy dish it wasn't all that spicy. It was more of a flavorful heat vice a mace to the face zomg heat. The sides were nice as well, beans were top notch and flavorful as well as home made. I picked my friend's left overs and the Camarones Sarandeados are simply amazing. VERY flavorful and complex almost layered in it's tasteOverall the service and food were top notch and i will definitely come back to this place to try out other things on the menu
5	This Restaurant is like Heaven, The Food is really good, and the Staff there are really nice. A lot of people though. My family and i Visited Lindo Michoacan this past Summer because of the Review But we had to Wait for a about 20 minutes. We were about to leave. But then they found a great table for us. I got to see how the hand made tortillas were made from that Table.( They got alot of Kool Mexican decorations. Lindo Michoacan doesn't disappoint, But over all its The Best Mexican restaurant in Nevada
5	First time visiting few nights ago, and was impressed. Bean dip was tasty, but salsa decent. Friend from Texas said "Bah, better in Texas!" but his nachos could have fed at least three people, and my steak quesadilla which turned into a shrimp 'dilla somewhere between the waiter and my plate, was outstanding. Would order shrimp 'dilla again, for sure, despite the mix-up. I heard their peach margaritas are notable, too. Will find out next time.
5	absolutely FANTASTIC. service was great. food was amazing (and we have a lot of good mexican food in my town). we were asking at our hotel when we were in vegas about a good local mexican place, and were referred here, she said she hadn't \been but it was always packed when she drove by it, so that is usually a good sign. Sure enough, it was packed when we found it, but as luck would have it, we got there at the tail end of the lunch rush and most of the people were clearing out. We didnt' have to wait at all. I had the trio of tacos, the carnitas, OMG to die for!!! the tortillas, mmmm.I don't remember what hubby had but his verdict was "it reminds me of my grandma's food" which is high praise in his book, as she was old school abuelita who always had a pot of frijoles simmering for them. all in all, one of the best mexican restaurants i have ever been to, hands down
4	Came here with a group of friends after an extremely long weekend of drunken debauchery on the Strip. It was a Sunday morning and not too busy yet. We were seated right away and offered drinks. I desperately tried to avoid more alcohol but they suckered me into ordering a mimosa. I tried to convince myself that I only ordered it 'cause you get a complimentary drink (sangria, margarita, or champagne) when you order their brunch buffet. The mimosa was fresh and yummy. The brunch buffet was $12.95 which includes the free drink and chips & salsa. The chips also came with a bean dip which was quite tasty. The menudo and posole were delicious. Rice and beans were great. Tortillas are handmade and served piping hot with your meal.The staff was friendly and attentive. They seemed as if they actually enjoyed their job.The bathrooms were clean and they smelled wonderful. I don't know what air freshener they use but it is divine.  I took one star off 'cause this place is pretty far from the Strip but worth the extra effort. Additionally, I noticed that there was a sign on the front window that said that they had been voted the "Best of Vegas" award for two years. That can't be a bad thing right?I loved the fact that all the servers wore shirts that said,"Save water, Drink margaritas!" Definitely my kind of place...
3	Just visited the newer location on Centennial (Northwest Vegas).  This place gets all kinds of blessings from Zagat and Best of Las Vegas, but I just don't see why.  The food was ok, not outstanding, not poor, but nothing to write home about or rave over.  We started with the Nopalitos (cactus) as an appy, and that was very good, in retrospect the highlight of the meal.  For entrees we shared the PESCADO a la VALLARTA which was Orange Roughy, and for a chicken dish we had the GALLO al CHIPOTLE ESTILO.  The fish was ok, the chicken overly tough.  That was enough, quantity was just fine but we came away thinking "why is this place so popular?"
5	I was visiting vegas two weeks ago when my friend that lives in LV suggested that we eat here. Ilove her for suggesting this place, because I can't wait to go back to try their other goodies.We started with the guacamole and chips, and I was pleasantly surprised that they made it in front of you. Not just that, the music entertainer played a song, while our waiter made it. I thought that was a nice touch.I ordered the huevos con chorizo and two steak tacos. They were both excellent especially the steak. Everything was fresh, and the food presentation was excellent. I had the chance to try my friend's meals, and they were very good as well. They ordered the steak with green sauce and the steak with cilantro. The prices weren't that bad, and you really get what you pay for (probably $25 dollars a person).The service was excellent. It seemed like we had more than one waiter, and that was fine by me. They catered to our needs and made sure that we were satisfied. The music entertainment was quite nice as well. He was singing, playing the guitar, and keyboards. I really wish we had places like these in Chicago. Yet another reason for me to go back to Vegas.
4	I love me some good mexican food and this place delivered. A buddy of mine that is also a big fan and he now lives in Las Vegas highly recommended this place. I had the #17 lunch special which was a Carnitas plate with all the fixings for $10.25. The carnitas was cooked well and had great flavor. The chips and salsa where also good. If you're off the beaten path in Vegas stop on by.
3	I used to really like this place. Somehow my last visit here has lowered my expectations. I had the fish tacos and it really did not hit the spot. The prices have gone up and it seems as if the portions and quality has gone down. The chips and salsa are still awesome. Maybe on my next visit I can rekindle my feelings for this place.
4	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas.  I love that they serve chips and salsa with a separate bowl of retried beans for dipping.  I have never seen that before.The combo plates are delicious.  I enjoyed the tacos and the enchiladas a great deal.  Didn't do dessert, but everything looked good.This is not a restaurant for tourists.  It is not convenient to The Strip or Downtown.  This is a locals joint with a following.  Go here of you are serious about Mexican food.  You will love it!
4	Great food at somewhat inflated prices.  I had the fish plate, which was okay, but my large party had very yummy looking entrees of their own.  Good, chill crowd and a live dinner band.
4	We were in Vegas attending a convention and decided to explore where the locals go to eat and stay off the strip.  This place was highly recommended by our hotel so we tried it for dinner our first night in town.  We loved it so much that we went back for lunch on our way to the airport two days later.
4	Best Mexican fish plate I ever had. The "Filet Relleno" so complex I don't know how they do it but I'm glad they do!!
5	The best Mexican restaurant in Vegas period.  This place is awesome and traditional mexican with the best handmade flour tortilla's and salsa in the Vegas area.  Amazing!
2	Ehhh. I've had better mexican food at a tex-mex chain in the bay area. The chille relleno was bland, the tamales were dry and bland, and the carne asada taco i had tasted a little off. It was as if the carne asada was prepared hours before, and then put in a microwave to heat when i ordered it. The chips/salsa/beans they gave was pretty good though. A group of about 7 of us went to this place around 12p on friday and the service was less than stellar. Our waiter was kind of a moron, and he didn't seem to understand how to split checks, or write down our orders correctly. I'll stick to robertos/faustos/amigos/etc. I won't be back.
3	I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food but we tried this place close by. They start you off with fresh tortilla chips and spicy salsa and bean dip. The bean dip is good but I am not crazy about it. I tried a pulled pork and scrambled egg (it seemed kind of like a breakfast concept). It was just ok to me. The horchata was good, and the tortillas come out nice and hot but cool and harden up very fast if you don't eat it right away. They seem to have a huge variety of different Mexican food, I even saw meats like beef tounge.
2	A friend told me this was the best Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas so we went for lunch. If this is the best i feel sorry for Las Vegas. The tasteless chips, bean dip and hot salsa were awful. The Fideo soup was a watery mess. My combo contained a dry tasteless tamale, an ok beef taco and a watery burrito.  Super Mex hands down has better Mexican food and more reasonable prices.
3	Keep in mind there are 2, ok 3 different kinds of Mexican food restaurants.1)Fast food, ie Taco Bell etc.2)Americanized Mexican food with gobs of cheese and beef, serving dishes like fajitas and chimichangas that they've never heard of in Mexico.3)Authentic Mexican food.Lindo falls somewhere between 2 & 3.  The food tasted good and they did have a few select authentic Mex dishes on the menu (I had the goat) but mostly it's just Americanized Mex food that is available in any town across the USA.
5	must haves: table side guacomole, Javiers's top shelf margarita, and the steak and lobster (if you are feeling fancy) or carne asada(every other 364 days of the year). We went for new years eve and ordered the steak and lobster...sigh. I was actually nervous ordering it from a mexican resturant but it was great. They can prepare it several different ways but we went with the waiter's favorite. Spicy and a new twist on a familar pairing made it reinvented completely. I have eaten there probably 100 times and if I can I will eat there 100 times more.
4	Fantastic food, great service, expansive menu and a guy with a whistle. How could Mexican get any better? Yummy margaritas, that's how. Best Mexican food in Vegas. Period.
5	I was in Vegas, tired of the boring junk on the strip, I was checking Yelp from my phone, found a few reviews.  The reviews of Lindo were good (especially the recent ones) so I suggested it and the whole family drove over.  From the moment we sat down our group (6 people) we were totally taken care of.  The service was amazingly fast, (food too) the menu was like 6 huge pages of great dishes.  Everyone in the party got something different and everyone was raving after we walked out.  The manager stopped by once or twice to check on us as well as numerous staff.I can't thank my fellow Yelpers enough; this has to have been the best YELP find ever - however I have found a lot of really good places.  If you are in Vegas for any reason you owe it to yourself to try this place, I was 100% satisfied and I bet you will be as well.
4	It is rare that a man like Rex Marvin pays homage to anything...just the usual suspects...all nude circuses, bars with live sharks, and bring your own shotgun petting zoo's/butcher shops...you know...the true classics that deserve respect. I am not an animal, I know what really matters in this life.Living in many facilities across the southwest I have learned the difference...the desire...the NEED for great Mexican food in any happy persons life.  Some poor souls go through their pathetic existence never realizing this need. Occasionally, these poor dumb bastards get a sudden sense something is wrong...something horribly terrible is wrong...that sudden cascade of fear...the wave of distress...they look for their keys, they call their love ones...everything seems fine...but it isn't...they have never had real authentic Mexican food!I have spent many a night in Las Vegas...hung my head there many times. Always with a ton of money or no money. Always alone or with a woman who I pay by the hour. Regardless of my luck, regardless of my company...I always fill my aching head at Lindo Michoacan.  The carnitas are something that should be classified as a national treasure. The carne asada is rich, flavorful and exceedingly special. The Pollo Amador is ridiculously amazing. The Steak Ranchero is tender and well seasoned.  The Guacamole is...well...it is out of this world. It is one of the few guacamoles i would actually pay for. I always think you should make it at home, but this is the one exception to the rule. There is one last thing I need to say.  The meals are great, the fried rice and refried beans are amazing...but the burritos are not great. They are very good, they are worth trying once...but they are not the best in town. I would stick to the meals.Eat the food. Enjoy the hospitality. Always wear a hat at an all nude circus.  Thank Rex Marvin. You love him.  He would love you, but he can't love anyone.
4	Me and my sis ate here back in November after seeing it featured on Rachel Ray's Tasty Travels. I ordered the Mole Enchiladas w/ Chicken. They were delicious and very filling. My sis ordered a chicken tamale and shared my rice and beans. The chips are excellent and we both loved the beans they give you to dip your chips in. It was a nice touch. Will definitely be coming back.
2	I really don't know what happened to this place, about a year ago it really started to go down hill, I keep going here hoping it can get back to normal but it is still in decline. The beans taste like they cracked open a can. the salsas are all watered down and not tasty. The only thing they still try on is the hand made tortillas and the guacamole. Sad, this place was great.
5	Lindo's has several locations but the one located on E. Desert Inn is superior to the other branches.  I am guilty of ordering the same thing everytime I am there which is probably at least once a month.  Their food is always consistent.  I give them kudos for making the best guacamole tableside!  The avocado is always fresh.  My lunchtime favorite is the Camarones de Sarandeado.  The portion is just right and the sauce is what completes the whole meal!
3	We visited on a Sunday and probably should have gone with the brunch buffet but as it was our first visit we ordered what we wanted. Everything looked good on the buffet table but the did not have chorizo con huevos and my brother had green chillaqueles, both dishes were good. In fact everthing looked good on the menu. I would probbly go back if I ever had the chance. So why not more stars? Mom, who had a cup of muendo did not have any posole in the bowl. We were so surprised thinking maybe this is the unique prepration advertised in the menu. As it turns out it was just bad luck because the bus boy, who was much friendlier than the waiter assured us that the meundo on the buffet table had hommonie in it. The other reason it did not get more stars was because we asked ourselves what we considered a 5 star Mexican restaurant and we agreed it was Casa Garcias in Anaheim, CA. This was based on the food alone because the atmosphere is much nicer here. In all it was a good visit but we tend to be a lot harder in our evaluation of Mexican. On a side note, it was interesting to note that the owner was named Timoteo Barajas, which is the same as mine.
5	This place has withstood the economic challenges purely on its reputation. They have quality mexican food, great value, and consistency. This location is by far my favorite, and I try to introduce as many friends to this place as possible. They deserve the business.
5	I want the bus boy Ulysses and my server oops forgot his name, to be there always. I'll pay em... This place rocks. The decor is lovely. The music is great and the initial salsa they provide is hot! Or I'm just really white.For one I didn't order Margaritas and just focused on the food. I had Chipotle Chicken and it was the best. Superb. And though they were busy the bus boy made sure I was happy. Thank YOU!A friend recommended this place to me and now I recommend it you!You will love this place.
4	Went here last week and had the cilantro steak as recommended by a friend. It was one of the very best Mexican restaurants i've been too and the steak tasted really good! We had a jar of mango mojito and it was very good as well.Dinner for 3 & mojito came to about 100.Will definitely go back!
5	Went there lastnight . Eating leftovers today ! Alot of food . Best mexican in vegas though .
4	HUGE menu with a mucho grande selection of south of the border culinary delights!  I usually go for the basic combo plates and I've never been disappointed.  Their enchiladas are my favorite, but then again ... If it has melted cheese in it, on it, or near it, I am going to order it.They give you fresh tortilla chips and their house salsa plus bean dip upon arrival, and it is all mucho yummy, although the salsa is a little HOT for this gringette.  I'd prefer pico de gallo, but that is just me.Very good Mexican food served in a lively environment by a friendly staff.  And their homemade tortillas are completely addicting -- You have been warned.
5	Best place in Las Vegas for REAL mexican food. By Far. Everything is freash and the service is the best.
4	This is the best sit down mexican restaurant in Vegas. The waits are long and the margaritas are strong. The ambiance is great too. Everything on their menu is great.
2	So now that I am the second one to review the Cinco De Mayo Massacre I will sail away in the boat of Asshole with Matthew C. I understand Cinco De Mayo is like a national holiday for drinking and eating lard filled Mexican food but holy frijoles this place was ridiculous.  As far as I know one of our fearless leaders called and made prior arrangements for seating for our group. Well, by the looks of it, they reserved the waiting area for us and forgot that we wanted to eat.  My night started off crappy after standing at the bar trying to get the attention of the ladies working the bar for about 20 minutes before leaving the bar empty handed and frustrated. We then finally got seated and the waiter asked us what we wanted to drink... We ordered  Margaritas in hope we would be put into a Tequila Coma and that was not the case.. It was like pounding a bottle of Margarita mix hold the tequila. Next Misti Y.  was awesome enough to hook the table up with the table side guac, and I happened to be sitting with a group of other "Hot and Spicy" fans so we asked for our bowl to be HOT.... I think they took the lead of the person making the margaritas and kept out the main ingredient. Jalapeno. So by this point it was damn near Seis De Mayo and they took our order. We all put our orders in at the same time and i will say that all the food came out quickly... Well almost all the food... Matt C. was sitting to my right with nothing on the table in front of him. we all tried to get the attention of the waiters and when they finally listened to us, we said," he did not get his food" the waiter said okay let me go get it. About 10 minutes later we had to stop him again and this time he had to ask Matt what he had ordered and basically started this process all over again.. Horrible!!!!Yes, I did open the door for them to earn another star back from us in which they did, but I am glad Matthew C. did not end up with a chipped tooth or something worse. I will not be back to this location... Esto era horrible y nunca voy a estar de vuelta
3	I also attended the same dinner that Matt C. and Raymond did. From my perspective, it was Cinco de Mayo and I expected the service to suck. Lindo really shocked me however, with how much they sucked. We didn't leave from our 7 PM reservation until 10:30!!! Not because we were slow, not because we were chatting.. no because service was that awful. An hour to take our order, an hour to drop the check, etc, etc. You expect bad service on Cindo de mayo, but wow they really knocked it out of the park. The first margarita from the bar was ok. Not great, ok. It tasted like it had some tequila in it, it cost $5, whatever, I was happy. We then proceeded to order margaritas at the table and like others have said - it was a glass of cheap nasty margarita mix. I consider myself an expert margarita drinker (5+ years in Houston will do that for ya!) and these were abysmal . I'd be shocked if they had more than 1/4 shot each of tequila and the mix they use is gross. A margarita with no tequila isn't worth $5, its worth $0!! Please just charge me $7 or something and actually put tequila in it. I know there was some drama in our group about the spicy guac, but from a mild girl's perspective, the tableside guac was delish! If you don't like it hot you'll probably be very happy with the guac here. I'm giving them 3 stars because the rest of the food was actually pretty good. The husband and I split the beef crispy taco and flank steak. Flank steak is actually pretty easy to screw up. Theirs was shockingly good. It actually came out medium rare. The flavoring was perfect. Portion was huge. Very damn pleased with our flank steak. Crispy taco was also bada**. Oh and lastly I'm a sucker for GOOD homemade tortillas. Their's were fabulous. Some of the better restaurant tortillas I've had in Vegas. Overall, apparently avoid Cinco de Mayo, avoid the Margaritas, and get the flank steak.
1	hi this is my first review im on the search if something original and fresh and this i not is why i tough.... below expectations food is not great is average..
5	Great Food, great guacamole and salsa and great service. Close to home so I go there often. Take out is good to. Definitely worth it. Prices are good. Gets noisey with tequila birthdays on occassion. Always consistent with everything, food, service. A keeper
5	Good find! I went here with a big group of colleagues (around 45 people), after a sales meeting at a convention. They struggled with the large group, but I'm sure that table service is fine when it's  just a couple of people or a family at a table. For folks used to Mexican food, this place has a great menu. You'll see most of the usual favorites and they start you off with chips and a fiery salsa. Most meals came with a simple Fideo soup, which was really nice. Our group had tableside guacamole, which was good, but maybe had too much tomato. The menu has a bunch of Michoacan food, which is amazing. It's divided up by beef, chicken, seafood, and pork, with traditional Mexican stuff, too.  I had ranchero-style Octopus, which was in an amazing sauce. The rice and beans were awesome. I also tasted another diner's Mole Poblano, which is easily the best mole that I've ever had. I had a "Javier's" margarita, which was top-notch. A bunch of folks had margaritas or daiquiris. They must have two hundred tequilas at the bar. We finished with their great Churros. Everyone loved it!
5	One of the best Mexican restaurants I have ever tasted. The only bummer is getting there. Far away from the strip and almost impossible to get a taxi ride back. However, the food is outstanding!!!
4	GREAT food and service.  Truly authentic.  Their salsa is spicy so if you don't particularly care for spicy food, ask for the mild green salsa (also delicious).  This is a great off-strip choice.  Reasonably priced, too.
5	Originally, I was hesitant about going to eat here but I was so wrong. This place is amazing.  The staff was extremely friendly and the food was delicious.  They start you off with Chips, Salsa, and Bean Dip.  All three are very good.  Most of the menu items are around 20 bucks except for the Combinations page (gold mine).  The Combinations are delicious and huge. We had some deep fried ice cream, and it was the best deep fried ice cream I have eaten.  Their was a birthday in our party and they sang, gave us complementary churros, and a shot of tequila. Although this place was off the strip, I will definitely try to visit when I'm in town.
3	Decent Mexican food in a nice atmosphere in a convenient location...definitely have better Mexican at Ricardo's!
2	I had such high hopes and was so excited to try this place. First experience was on a Monday night and they were hoppin'. Live music and all. Service was good but my meal lacked. I thought it was perhaps my menu choice so I gave it a second shot. Yet again I was disappointed in my food. Always love good chips and salsa pre-meal which they have. Good atmosphere, especially if you're with a group. But sad to report that I was dissatisfied with the taste of the food. I will say they have an amazing view.
4	I love Lindo and Michoacan! I even love their vegetarian options as well! I have dined in this restaurant many times and my experience has always been superb!However, this review is specifically for the catering service which the manager was very attentive to our vegetarian requests. We all know that most beans are cooked with lard which is made out of meat or pork fat etc..and the rice is made out of meat or chicken broth.  Nevertheless, Lindo was kind enough to cook vegetarian beans and rice in addition to our regular non vegetarian order. They also made avocado tacos which was so delicious!! Another veggie dish that they made was fajitas! All were yum yum in our tums!!
3	I've been coming here for years and I thought it was a very good Mexican restaurant. My in-laws like it. My husband does not- he doesn't think that it's anything special. What really turned us off was the fact that the guacamole we asked for was $6.00!!! The server should have said something to us. What's funny is that as an LVAC member, you get a discount when you show the server your card. That was the discount right there. How funny.Birthday celebrants get the silly treatment- a shot with whipped cream while wearing a sombrero and getting serenaded by the mariachi band.So, no, we won't be going back. We usually have a hard time finding good Mexican restaurants. Don't get me wrong, there are a lot here, but finding a good one, is a challenge. Lots of fans for this place, I know.
3	I'd came here after work on a Friday with a group of people for I guess the happy hour. This place has awesome chip and salsa and bean dip. I got the virgin strawberry daiquiri. It was good. I don't know about the other drinks though. Seem liked people enjoyed them.
4	We came here to celebrate my mother in law's birthday. It was really good this time around- maybe we ordered better dishes. Hmm, Anyway, The four of us had dinner here for $46.00. My husband and I both got the fajita burrito, but I got the chicken and my husband got the beef. It was excellent- the burritos were huge. Mine was just as stated in the menu (chicken, onions, and peppers), my husband made a few changes. The burrito was served with green sauce and cheese on it and guacamole on the side. I didn't finish it, and took the rest home. My mother in law got the chimichanga (hers was huge too). Her husband got the two taco combo. And the birthday sombrero serenade with three halves of a churro and whipped cream. was funny. The tequila shot was also complimentary. The server called it "sugar and water." How funny. Next time, we're probably going to order the same thing.
5	This place is awesome..Locals told us about this place a few years ago and we always make it a stopping point whenever we go to Vegas(like in 3 hours:-)..They even have video poker if you want to gamble..The buffet on Sat/Sun morning is awesome..If you like/love Mexican food, you definitely want to stop here...Very easy to find....Pete
5	I love the decor, and all the hostess's are dressed up in really pretty Mexican skirts and blouses.I can't quite name a favorite dish, but so far every thing ive tried here is awesome. So if you have never been here or your visiting Las Vegas PLEASE try this place!!! You won't regret it!
5	THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN TOWN. Their fideo is amazing. The chips and salsa are amazing. The mariachi is amazing. Their margaritas are amazing. And the food? AMAZING.I come here all the time and definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes great Mexican food.
5	Came back here on our return trip and was just as happy as our original visit. this time around I tried the carnitas. I enjoyed them very much, great flavor, they could have been a little more crispy, but taste-wise, excellent.love love love the warm chips and bean dip, salsa is excellent. husband got the chicken with a funky name to it....i can't remember what it is called, but it is covered in a spicy-sweet sauce that is EXCELLENT!!!! and our waiter told us the very simple ingredients, so now I'm going to try to recreate at home. loloh, and the fideo soup? awesome awesome. love it when they have fideo on the menu, it is kind of rare to find here.
1	So looking forward to this dining experience last evening...had been recommended by several folks in person and the reviews on Yelp only pumped up my taste buds more...If this is Las Vegas Mexican food at it's best then someone needs to have their head examined....it was downright BLAH.Chips and salsa up front was nice touch but Salsa nothing special. Beans were nice free touch too but tasted like straight out of a can. We had several palate's to please. picky 15 year old, 18 year old who loves fish and anything fresh, your texmex appetite and mine who embraces any different, fresh or just darn good food.How can you mess up a plain chicken quesadilla... two bites and 15 year old  was done...tasted it and couldn't agree more. Shrimp enchilada sounds good and as there was so much shrimp on the menu you figured it was a easy home run. Chewy and fishy covered in a plain sauce...18 year old didn't get through a 1/4 of it and others at the table agreed. Chicken Enchilada, come on how easy is that...apparently not to easy! Barely passable and again just plain. I had the 3 pork chops, Chuletas was the dish name, marinated overnight in a secret sauce. Don't bother, chops dried out and the sauces only secret is that it smothered the pork chops in something I would only describe as tasteless.The service here was excellent (besides 3 requests for water) and can't fault them in this regard. Almost all the people in their, both small and large parties seemed to be celebrating a birthday party and it was just way to loud. WARNING sign - they listed fish on the menu but all they had were shrimp. This leads me to believe they do not shop fresh produce, how can you not have fish tacos on the menu!!! Come on and yes this only dawned on me after.We finished our meal and probably returned the food about 75 - 80% untouched. There was an apology from the waiter but no manager to come and ask why, no credit on the bill... NOTHING.We left our tip and were out of there and likely to never return...$100 down the drain.I am rarely this bad when writing reviews but when you have options like Mundos in town and Don Juan for texmex/fresh food then I would recommend you steering clear of this over rated Mexican establishment.Sorry Lindo...
5	My wife and I have eaten here since 1990. It was a little restaurant back then but is now a small local chain. The food is still awesome and always go there to eat whenever I am back home in Vegas.
5	All I can say is wow.  Prices aren't the cheapest, but I guarantee this will be some of the best Mexican food you've had in a while.   I had the Pollo Asado burrito, which was awesome!   Our waiter (can't remember his name!!!) was awesome!   He had a great sense of humor with us drunk folk and gave us flawless service.
3	If only...  All the ingredients are there, but the execution is a bit wanting.  The margaritas are too sweet, compared to their Henderson location and the table-side guacamole is heavy-handed on the salt.  Tweaking the margarita mix and adjusting the portions of jalapenos, onions and salt in the guacamole would make this a "perfect" Friday-after-hours hang out - with "futbol" on the screen over the bar.  If only...
5	My family and I enjoy Lindo at least once a month....They have the best fresh guacamole in town hands down! You have to try it!Great fun atmosphere especially for large groups call ahead for a reservation if you have a large party otherwise it may be quite a way.
5	Wonderful atmosphere, excellent drinks, attentive service. This was the best mexican food experience I have had in Las Vegas so far.I wrote a tip on yelp about the chicken dish we ordered, unfortuanltly I cant find that section right now, ask your server for a popular chicken dish they serve. It was so tasty and spicy I can't wait to go back and eat it again!Definitely try to get there earlier or make reservations if you can, when we were leaving there were people waiting.
4	What a great restaurant.  The location could be better but the execution was perfect.  Very nice atmosphere with very friendly and fun staff.  I arrived at the restaurant Sunday morning around 11am.  After a short review of the menu I decide to try there Sunday morning brunch.  Which was a reasonable deal considering it came with drinks.  The brunch bar itself is somewhat awkwardly setup in the bar area.  However it was still a nice presentation with a wide variety of options.  Being a buffet I of curse had to have a taste of every option laid before me.  I was very pleased with everything.  All of the food seemed to be fresh and didn't have any signs of being attended for hours before I arrived.  The fresh made tortillas and margaritas are amazing.One final note about there handling a birthdays.  This particular dining occasion was to celebrate a friends birthday.  After our meal the entire wait staff came over with a guitar and sang a birthday tone in Spanish.  They also treated the birthday boy to a shoot of tequila and some churrus with a candle in them.  It was very entertaining, on the restaurant, and no one in our group put them up to it.Overall a very nice place to eat drink and be merry.
4	my girls and i would stop by all the time and would always enjoy our evenings here but this time my bf and i decided to stop by for brunch and wasnt that wowed about it...sure they had a variety of food but it wasnt tasty as their regular dishes...the only good thing was that we left paying $25 for brunch and 8 margaritas which were included in the brunch...oh and cant forget about the homemade tortillas made there...stop by and order from their regular menu you cant go wrong with that...btw the service here is awesome they are all very welcoming and always on top of things!
5	What can you say about Lindo that hasn't been said. I have never had a bad meal here. Ive been to the other, newer, fancier locations but find this one the best! Look out for the Cadillac Margaritas, though! They go down easy but if you have more than one standing up isn't so easy!  I have been going for years, have had pork, beef, chicken, seafood and have simply never been less than completely satisfied!
3	This restaurant is alright. The customer service was good, but my issue is the food. I expected from the hype it would have fantastic food. The food is alright, its very Mexican-American. I expected it to be more authentic. They give you a very generous amount of food, but the flavor of it is muted.
5	Fabulous!  Gotta go here.1.  Ambiance - Great, traditional, can seat large or small parties.  Date, friends, or business, it is great.2.  Appetizers - the salsa, the home made fresh made tortillas and the bean dip are great and never ending. Just ask for more and there it is.3.  Food - So good, so much to choose from. If you are eating American style, they have lunch specials with all your popular dishes like Enchiladas, Burritos, Tacos, Taco Salad, and they have more interesting things such as tongue, pork chops and shrimp dishes.  The fish is great, the lunch specials are nice, but my all time favorite is the Caldo de Res.  How many places in NV can  you get this?  It is SOOOOOO GOOOD.4.  Food part 2.  Forgot about the Menudo, and the tongue.  Lengua a michoacan or tacos de lengua, the beef tongue is great here. You know you gotta have a lot of people coming here to serve the more exotic things.   And, try not to order the burrito, mi amigo. That is like going to a steak restaurant and ordering a PBJ Sandwich. Tasty , but not what you order eating out!5.  This place may be better than the new on on Carnegie and Horizon Ridge in Henderson.A must to go.
5	best. mexican. food. EVER! Every time i am in Vegas we make sure to eat here, sometimes we eat here every day..no joke. This place makes my heart melt. I LOVE LINDO!
2	Gawwwd... I hate going here. I went today for my Mom's bday but it only reminded me of how this place sucks. First off, I will give credit to where credit is deserved. There service, bussers, waiters, and so on are excellent. they are fast, friendly and have lots of character. The live music is excellent too. Now, for the bad. The hostess, are TERRIBLE, three of them told me that my wait would have only been 20 minutes. 45 minutes later I was pissed, don't tell me a ballpark number if it isn't even close. I tried to talk to one to see what the issue was and in the middle of explaining the situation, she cuts me off to talk to someone who just walked in threw the door... These hosts don't do Sh**t. I was there almost an hour and I didn't see one of them sit anyone, all they did was write incoming guests names on a piece of paper and that's it. There food is blehhh... I don't think it has flavor...
3	Really good family owned restaurant.  Home made tortillas, waiters really knock themselves out to make sure your dining experience is everything it can be.I ordered a burrito- it was HUGE.  I have no small appetite and was only able to eat about 1/4 of it.We ordered guacamole- really yummy.  They make it up for you at the table.  We had some who like spicy, some mild, he made two bowls- one of each.My husband had chiles rellenos (his yardstick by which he rates any and all Mexican restaurants) and gives them a full five stars.Knocking off a couple of stars for the following:AC was off for most of our visit.  I don't care how good the food is, if you're uncomfortable the overall experience suffers.We had to relocate to another booth because we were sardined in.  The next table over had ample room for the 4 of us. The soup they serve to everyone at the beginning of the meal reminds me of Lipton noodle soup. Bleh.
5	best Mexican food in the whole town ! has a good bar where the drinks are very good . great menu lots of options . food comes very fast . there are a few of these places around town but by far this is the best . the staff is always ready to help you with what ever you need. and when it is all said and done the price is very fair.
5	Good food, good service and the margaritas were good just as advertised!
5	I've been in Vegas for a bit over 2 months. While I haven' t made the effort to go to the strip and try the festivities, I have made the effort to order a margarita at the non strip restaurants along the west side of Vegas with no satisfaction. But I came here on a suggestion by a friend and I have to say that I have found my new margarita place. That's not to say that their drinks are their only point of recognition. There food is delicious and a fairly diverse menu. But what really impressed me, outside of the drink, was the service. All of the service staff was attentive and friendly. I wasn't stuck with my server, everyone made an effort to check up on the table. Whenever we needed something, it was addressed right away. I would highly recommend this to any locals or tourists wanting to try something outside of the strip. Come on in, order some food, and have a drink!
5	Every time I visit Vegas I make sure I go and have a few meals at Lindo Michoacan!The Staff is great.  The food is awesome!  There is a staff member making the tortillas right there in the dining room!I travel alot and have eaten in many "mexican" restaurants.  Most should be ashamed of what they serve.  Lindo's is great!  I love regional cooking style and have made a fan of anyone I take there.Please do yourself a favor when your in Vegas and stop on in for some wonderful Mexican food!They have some decent bands play for ambiance at times.NOTE: I have not visited their other locations, but I would assume that they are as equally good.  However, I was so impressed by the Desert Inn location I couldn't see myself eating Mexican food anywhere else in Vegas.
5	Went to the Sat. Brunch. For around $14 u get all you can eat, 1 Alcoholic drink, Unlimited Drinks(including mexican drinks like Horchata, etc) Unlimited fresh handmade tortillas & Salsa/Dips. The food had plenty of choices and were AUTHENTIC homestyle cooked foods. Some of the Choices included: Scramble egg dishes like "a la Mexicana" & "with Chorizo", They had salad & Nopales. Chilaqueles (Red & Green), All kinds of Mexican Stews like "Beef Chile Rojo", "Chile Verde(Pork)", FANTASTIC Carnitas(Bone in), Chicken Mole, Camarones ala Diabla and other classic mexican Meat stews. The BIRRIA de Chivo(Goat) was my favorite dish(topped with Onion, Cilantro and lime), my running mates said the MENUDO was fantastic but i couldnt stop eating the Birria so i didnt try it. It was so good all my buddies went again on Sunday but i decided to skip brunch and just workout the hangover lol. The Brunch ends at 2pm so my buds ordered Enchiladas verde de Pollo(Chicken/Green), Carne Asada Soft tacos(with Handmade tortillas), Caldo de Res, Enchiladas Rojas de pollo(Red/Chicken) and a Chicken Quesadilla to go. Everything was between 4-5stars, The Green Enchiladas & the Caldo de Res were perfect 5 stars. I also enjoyed the fresh table-made Guacamole, the salsa & bean dip with chips and the Flour hand made tortillas are awesome!!(corn are good too). The bathrooms are great and the atmosphere is very homey.SERVICE WAS SUPERB!!! The food was 5stars but when combined with the GREAT Service guarantees i will come here atleast 2 times everytime i head to vegas!!MUST TRY!
4	Let's examine this place on a number of differnet levels.THE FOODI would call it above average mexican style food.  They did have an extensive menu with some authentic dishes.  I am only one guy so I tried a combo plate for a little variety.  The Chile rellano was actually pretty decent, not quite homemade, but very good.  The other diners in my group were all very happy with their food.  The entire meal was well prepared.THE SERVICEI think this is what seperates this place.  The service is very good.  It is fast with out anyone trying to hurry you up.  Plenty of refills and they remove plates, bottles, ect... promptly.  There seemed to be a sincere welcome felling - as if you went to persons home...THE VENUEThis place has been in the same spot for some time.  It has a bar with 3 seperate dining areas.  It is plenty big enough.  It had a charm to it - they didn't over do it or try to hard.  Very homey.  The place appeared to be very clean too.  THE INTANGIBLESThe restaurant was jam packed full of Mexicans.  I was even dining with Mexicans.  My logic is if the Mexicans like it then it must be good.  Not that they are culinary experts but they do know something about mexican food.  The place just has a good vibe to it.  It feels like a mexican restaurant.  Also, It is locally owned and operated.
3	Really good food but had to wait 30 minutes to get the check after I was done eating than a further 30 before it was picked up and charged. Might have just been busy but still that was ridiculous.
5	OMG. Yep, I said it.Food was outrageously delicious.Ambiance was authentic, creative vibrant and lively.They have a live mariachi band that sings current songs in English and traditional songs in Spanish. They have a lady in the dining room making the tortillas, beans and soup.It's a little bit off the strip, so the wait time was non-existent. Oh, & if THAT wasn't enough... It has held the title of Best of Las Vegas for 6 years.Just go.
5	Not the best part of town but I was told that its cheaper to drive here than to fly to Mexico.That spoke volumes to me.It looks so legit inside and out.   It tastes even more legit.  Only advice is come hungry.  I didn't order the burrito but I seen it and it was as big as your head.  Maybe even bigger and it was around $10.00.Our server told us that this family restaurant has a bunch of restaurants now Lindo, Vive, and some other type of Michoacan too.  This is the original.  Fun dancing and singing going on.  Not only just the Mariachi group.  Cant wait to revisit and sit on the noisy bar side of the restaurant.
1	Carlos is the worst server there.  I was sat got my drink and then waited 10 mins for the Guac that I wanted.  Mean while a table gets sat next to us and the place wasn't busy like it has been last time I went there.   The other table gets drink and their order taken before he even thinks about taking ours then walks away.  No water in our glasses I am out of my beverage from the bar I have to wave him down and get him to come over to me I ask for the bill because I am tired of dealing with idiots and then all of a sudden he wants to be the best waiter in the restaurant.   I told him not to bother his manager because I didn't want to waste his time.  There is nothing that the manager could have done even if he spoke with me to please me after this visit here.   Yet to remind you that I live 24 miles away from the restaurant in North North Las Vegas.  Needless to say I will no longer go back to visit this restaurant.This is the first time that I got so mad that I left a restaurant.  I am a chef and I know that sometimes people are busy but when half the restaurant is full that is not busy.  It just means that you knew someone to get the job and trust me the only break this guy got was when they hired him.
5	I've been going to this place since I was little. It was my mother's and step father's favortie mexican restaurant and over time has become mine. Everything on the menu is great but what has been my favorite all these years is the mole poblano. Everyone is always nice and the owner has never forgotten us and always takes time to say hi. To me this is the best mexican restaurant in vegas and even though they have multiple locations nothing beats the original. However make sure you are prepared to wait because from the time it opens to the time it closes this place is busy and something that has been that busy all these years has to be good.
5	I'm not Mexican (really? yes really) so I have no idea if my authenticity gauge is accurate, but I do know that I have never had a bad meal at Lindo.  The chips & salsa are exactly what every Mexican place should serve, you can't go wrong with any of the entrees, and margaritas always leave me happy.  This is definitely the place to go if you're in Vegas and craving Mexican that isn't Strip-ified.
4	Certainly worth the drive off the strip.  The place is huge, the food has always been great and consistent.  They have many dishes to choose from, you can't go wrong...They make the guacamole right at your table to your liking (love that).I've sent many coworkers there and I always get positive feedback.  Apparently there are now a few of these restaurants but this is my favorite.  I can't speak for the others since I haven't been to them.
4	The avocado tacos are AMAZING.  The veggie fajitas are also pretty good as well.  Really good, solid Mexican place that we go to every time we're in Vegas.
5	It took me one bite of the salsa to know that the food, no matter what I ordered was going to be great.  I live in San Diego, which is fairly close to Mexico, and as such, has plenty of good Mexican food, so when it's bad or average, I'm going to recognize it. My personal theory is that the farther you get from Mexico, the worse the Mexican food becomes.I don't normally write reviews, and the reason I'm writing the review isn't because of the great food, it's because of the extra mile they went.  Actually, probably quite a few extra miles. More on that later.Initially, I wasn't so sure I was going to love it as I knew nothing about it other than our friends had chosen it after some research and the shuttle was coming to get us(a group of 9) at the Aria(new hotel, central on the strip).A word of advice for anyone staying @ the Aria: good luck having a shuttle pick you up. This hotel "has two main entrances". Seriously, they both might as well be main entrances. This will no doubt cause some confusion for any shuttle driver coming to get you. As a result, we were off to a late start.The story of the restuarant is kind of cool. Apparently the guy learned to cook the Michoacan style from nuns at a semenary. Transalation: authentico!I don't even know the name of what I ordered. "Linda's plate" or something.  It's basically chicken w/ a specially prepared sauce.  It was fantastic.  Quite a few of the dishes appear to feature specialized sauces. I won't even go more into the details of the food than to see we all loved what we ordered, and much of what's on the menu is unique and not something you can find anywhere else, or at least, do not often find, or when you do it's "just ok". When in doubt, as your server, they will not lead you wrong.Other highlights include the Mariachi band which played 4 songs for our group. They were great, and are something that I personally love. Reminds me of being a gringo tourist for some reason.The reason for the review, however was the service. everyone was friendly, but where they really went the extra mile is that one of the members of our group had forgotten her purse in the shuttle on the return trip, but she didn't realize it until after the shuttle was already on the way back to the restuarant.  In case you are not aware, Las Vegas is probably the worst city in the world to run out of money.  Losing your purse it kind of a big deal.They have our sincerest gratitude for finding the purse(with everything in it of course) and droving all the way back to the Aria just to drop it off for us and save us the cab fare it would have required to get it.For that, we thank them, and for that, they get a glowing review.To summarize: Totally worth going.  It is not always easy to find good Mexican food, and this place has great Mexican food.If you have questions on the menu, ask the staff and enjoy whatever it is they give you.  They will definately take care of you.
4	Muy delicioso! This place has amazing Mexican food. It's so good that I'm writing this from my table after just finishing dinner here. There are pages and pages of specialties that you don't normally find in a typical Mexican restaurant in the US. I highly recommend the Mole Poblano, which is thinly grilled chicken breasts covered in a delicious brown mole sauce. It is hands down the best chicken mole I've ever had. It has a bit of heat but not too much. It is served with fresh, made in house flour tortillas. Most meals are served with fideo soup (noodles in a tomato broth), which my wife stated was very close to the one her Mexican grandmother used to make. The atmosphere is festive with live music and Mexican art, objects and wares as decor. A short drive from the strip, it's definitely worth the effort if you have use of a car, as we did. I found this restaurant on a USAToday.com city guide which mentioned that of the four locations in the area, this one on Desert Inn is best.Note: I originally wrote this review on Jan 3, 2010 and posted it on TripAdvisor at the time.
5	Came here with my bf...best mexican style restaurant food yet in vegas. We got seated right away. We got our food right away and our cups stayed full!..great service + great food = happy customer..definetely coming back!..strongly recommended.
5	We just moved to Las Vegas and went to this restaurant based upon reviews from some of our neighbors. We LOVED IT. Our other favorite mexican restaurant is Super Mex, but this restaurant will become one of our favorites, for sure. Starting with the soup, chips, salsa and beans-what a great idea. We will be back many times in the future. Try this place and you will not be sorry.
5	The food was amazing! The place has a nice decor, the staff are friendly, and they have really good, authentic, Mexican food!We ordered their guacamole, which was really yummy. They make it table side for you and they provide a pretty well sized bowl of it.I ordered the asada mole enchiladas, they were delicious! I was a bit nervous about ordering mole because so many restaurants mess it up, but this was perfect. The portions are pretty large and the prices are extremely reasonable. I'll definitely want to come here again. :)
5	A real authentic Mexican restaurant. When I lived in Vegas this place was the spot to grub down on some good Mexican food. Nopales, tortillas a mano, queso fundido, etc etc the food is great and it taste home made. One of my favorite places I found while living in Las Vegas.
5	Jesus will eat here when he returns.  He probably eats here now; I certainly would if I could afford to sit for every meal. Every employee with which we interacted was friendly. Service was fast. Jaime served us and made excellent recommendations. The place is nice and is clean. The location is unfortunate but not hazardous. The food. Oh the food. The salsa was like sucking on a delicious curling iron; they aren't dumbing down the heat for tourists. The tableside guacamole had six or seven ingredients and renewed my love for it. I think every facet of the meal was homemade, from the tortillas to the enchilada sauce. The menu is extensive and obscure to this Tex-Mex aficionado, but I will return to try everything. Makes me wish I had given fewer 5-star ratings to other establishments, cuz this one is truly in the top 1%
4	I was born and raised in Vegas, a first-generation Mexican-American. I've been coming here or many years. They've just introduced a saturday-Sunday brunch with champagne and Margaritas( if that's your thing). Great buffet, including birria and menudo. Worth ever penny, from a Vegas native.
5	Great atmosphere,prices are good,great service and food quality awesome ! Don't  forget to order the Margaritas with fresh squeeze lemon!  "Outstanding"The server Carlos was great!!
5	Unfortunately I am a foody. So with that comes responsibilities of adventure when it comes to food. I fell in love with Lindo Michoacan about four years ago. The fajitas never get old, and they have the best dessert. LINDO FLAMEADO!
4	all i can say is WOW! its a must try!
5	This place was some of THE BEST Mexican food I have ever had. Went to this location 2 times while in Vegas. Service A+Value A++Atmosphere A+ (IF you like Mariachi bands)Taste A+Wife and I ate dinner for only about 50 bucks!!Had quesadilla carnitas, margaritas, and the nearly Devine LINDO FLAMEADO!!!Please stop by when in Vegas. Absolute must!!!Only complaint was that the bathroom was really cool and I felt I could only go in once not to look weird. TERRIFIC!
5	I have nothing but great things to say about this place. It is a bit of a drive off the strip, but it is so very worth it. To start off, the bean dip and salsa were amazing and tasty. I had a craving for camarones aguachiles and ordered that as an appetizer. If you love VERY spicy chile, these will not disappoint! I ordered the tacos de carne asada which were so delicious and tried some of the Carnitas a la Coca-Cola which was also tasty. The staff was super friendly and attentive which made the experience as a whole even better. If you're looking for a delicious, authentic Mexican meal for a good price go visit Lindo Michoacan!
5	Me and my wife stopped in on the recommendations of yelp. I would just like to say thank you!  I have not found this authentic flavor in Tennessee yet. We had the brunch with margaritas and buffet. I usually don't like either, but t his was spectacular. I had the goat with rice, beans and rice. My wife had the chicken with rice. The only thing I did not like was the tripe soup but that was because of the tripe not the flavor. Everything was delicious. Make sure you check it out if you get a chance.
4	Very Good Food. Excellent Service.  Fresh Guacamole at the table.  Chips and salsa good.  Portion size huge.  FRESH MADE TORTILLAS. friendly staff.
4	Very good food. Service is A+. Drink refills were always on time. An excellent option of you're in the area.
5	This is the best Mexican food I have ever had...anywhere...ever! The chips and bean dip are good. Fajitas are amazing. Delicious home made tortillas. Table side guacamole is a must. Carnitas are yummy. They have a good Mexican Cobb salad too. I am not a big fan of their margaritas, they taste a little like cheap tequila to me but I have gone with 3 other people who love them so it must be I am used to sugary low on tequila margaritas. We are always too full for desert but I plan on trying it sometime. I will admit there are a few things there I do not like. Their salsa is too spicy for me and my boyfriend but we are wusses. I ordered chicken tacos a la carte before and they weren't any good, hardly any flavor. I ordered something when I was drunk which I thought was going to be like Pollo a La Crema but it was not and it tasted slimey and almost made me puke, but it was an authentic Mexican dish and I was a drunk white girl. It is all in what you order. Great service, very friendly, and fast. This is the only Mexican restaurant I will go to.
5	doesn't get any better than this.  went on a saturday night and surprisingly there wasn't a wait.  we were seated right away.  the chips, salsa and beans were the best ever!  funny how 3 small bowls can make me happy.  i ordered 2 tacos, carne asada and carnitas with a side of rice and beans.  this also came with soap was so good and just like my mom makes.  the service was great even when we kept eating up the chips, salsa and beans.  i've been there about 3 times and look forward to it.
3	Not the best mexican food I've ever had but so far for Vegas this is the spot.. Our 1st experience was for dinner over a year ago & our 2nd experience was about a month ago for lunch. 2nd experience much better than 1st..lol.Personally I think the dinner menu is too big of portions for me & not enough items I like.. It was evening so atmosphere was very dark, also very loud & crowded.. We were in a both by a 20 top..lol. Couldn't even here ourselves talk to each other..  but that's okay.. thats what type of ambiance goes with authentic Mexican joints :) food was so so.. My husband found musclely stringy tendon type meat in his beef.. & was pretty grossed out to say the least.Buuuuuut we have recently went back for lunch.. just randomly stopped in. And it was amazing! food was fresh, service was great & lunch menu was just right for me We LOVE their hot suace they give you with chips. We love how spicy it is.  FYI they charge for refills.. meals come with a drink & one refill..
5	Great atmosphere. Delicious food.  Friendly promt service. And mariachis. What more could you ask for? Muy bueno!
3	I frequent this spot for its cognac chicken(highly recommend), carnitas and gulf shrimp dishes(the crema one is amazing). The food is muy authentico and the atmosphere is great with live music/great service.Three stars because they have a disgusting salad option/(s?)... opting for something on the light side of fullness, last night I tried the seafood salad: an avocado shell filled with a cold mess of (too much) bland shrimp and avocados on a (mainly iceberg) lettuce blend. If canned shrimp existed, it would  taste like that in last night's salad. They do have a cobb salad that sounds promising. I have faith in this place(one of few good places to eat in my neck of the woods) and will try it soon enough.Lately, the guacamole has been too chunky and bland(ask for much lemon and less texture) and I concur with Keith that the complimentary soup here is lame and should disappear.
4	Friends, DW, and I dined here 01/08/12.  This is a great off the strip Mexican restaurant.  Arriving in the evening after dark, the restaurant does not look very inviting.  However, based on yelp reviews we sucked it up and went in.  Interior is nicely decorated if not a little dark in one room.  Service staff were outstanding across the board.We ordered guacamole which was prepared table side.  Fresh ingredients make such a difference!  Neither of our friends "liked" guacamole, but I can tell you they helped us polish it off down to the last chip!Margaritas were very good.  Beers were cold and served with chilled mug which is always a nice touch.Entrees were all outstanding.  Among the 4 of us we ordered 1 burrito, 2 Carne Asada dishes, and Carnitas.  All were excellent, with the accompanying homemade tortillas being an excellent treat!  and when I say homemade I don't refer to the tortilla pressing machine that I have seen in other Mexican restaurants.  Sylvia was making them by hand throughout the evening.We love Las Vegas and go about once a year, and will definitely come to Lindo Michoacan again.
4	Excellent food, service and musica. I went in on a Friday night for dinner and it was a packed house. The food was super delicious. I ordered a carne asada burrito, which by the way was HUGE! The meat was so good, it was some good ol' steak without the fat, which was awesome.If you're ever in Vegas and want some authentic Mexican food, try Lindo Michoacan. Only one con, the horchata is fake. I only drink REAL horchata but other than that, excellent.
5	We found this place on yelp so thanks to the previous people who recommended it. Clean restaurant, friendly staff and awesome authentic Mexican food! My family and I were so impressed with the quality of the food, homemade tortillas and how friendly everyone was! Not only would I go back to this place I'll recommend it to anyone I know traveling to Vegas!!
2	if you like salt as a primary flavor than this is the place. after reading many good things I ate there  my last trip to LV,  the Chili Verde was  so salty i had to cut it with a average Margaretta. no taste of tomitios or green chilli  lack luster rice and beans. even the stuffed pepper had non melted cheese  (couldn't call it a chilli rellno )in said this place was needing a reboot,
4	I stop in for the lunch menu every now and then. The service is always very friendly and speedy. I usually get a taco and cheese enchilada.
4	My friend and I went to lindo michoacan to grab dinner and get tattoos... :)I have to say I had a really good experience. The service was very fast, as soon as we walked in we were seated, then the chips came like 10s after, every thing rolled smoothly. Everyone seemed very pleasant, one of the managers I think his name was Oscar, checked on us...a lot lol but he was very nice. Our waiter was very honest lol, but everything was cool i was really full; the quesidilla were heaven! and pretty big in portion for an appetizer, i was full before my food came which the waiter kind of hinted at when i was ordering lolbut overall I would go there again....i just hope they stay concistant  with the great service
1	Food Poisoning. I used to love this place. Perhaps their good reputation made them complacent? Perhaps there are too many items on the menu (over 100!) for them all to be made fresh? Whatever the case, I ordered my favorite, Beef Mole Enchiladas, the center was a bit cool, but I plowed through it. Also had the fried ice cream- this was pre made, not fresh, horrible, this tasted old. I awoke at 3 AM shivering with flu-like symptoms. It gets R rated for horror from there. Never again.
4	IMO best Mexican food in Las Vegas.
3	Came in on a Saturday night around 7:30 and the place was jam packed. Luckily we managed to snag a couple seats at the bar. I had the Don Francisco which was a steak served with tortillas, rice and beans and a small scoop of guacamole. It was nothing to write home about. The steak was quite tough, but most steaks at mexican places usually are. The rice and beans were standard fare. The tortillas were fresh and very tasty. Most dinner specials come with a small cup of soup which was pretty yummy. It was a tomato based broth with vermicelli. Strange but tasty.I had a regular margarita and a top shelf margarita and couldn't really tell the difference between the two. My friend had several beers and they ended up comp'ing our drinks because we both played video poker. Pretty cool!The restaurant itsself was very loud because it was so busy, but the mariachi band was entertaining. The view of the city was awesome.Overall a decent place - definitely not the best I've had, but a fun atmosphere nonetheless.
5	I haven't been here in 10 years.  I don't know why I waited to come back.  My parents were in town visiting, and I wanted to take them somewhere they hadn't been before.  After thinking about where to go and looking on Yelp, I remembered Lindo Michoacan.  EVERYTHING was good.  I had a combo plate with a taco, a burrito, and an enchilada: Superb.  Everyone else enjoyed their food as well.  Rest assured I will not wait another ten years to come back.  I'll come back again and again.
5	Wow, what a place! A huge menu that is quite a task to figure out where to start and for me I ended up with the Carnitas - lean pork marinated with fresh oranges and spices. Served with chiles toreados, green sauce, and guacamole and was very happy indeed. Service was super fast and very friendly and the entertainment was fun as well. Located far enough off the strip to make you forget you are still in Vegas is a big plus too.Between the birthday's being celebrated and the bride and groom coming in with their wedding party after getting married it all made for a fun evening that was just the right balance of loud and peaceful.We did not take advantage of it -- and nor did I know it existed until we saw it when we left but the amazing part is: Our Desert Inn location, Just 10 Minutes From The Las Vegas Strip offers a free shuttle service from the Las Vegas Strip for our out of town guests! Call 702.735.6828 to make a reservation. Now that is service!!!
5	I've been here two times and both times have been great! The atmosphere is great and the service is awesome! They refill your drink as soon as you're done. They're on top of everything. I ordered carne asada and man was it good. The chips with bean dip were good. I will make this a must on any trip to Vegas :)
4	Amazing and authentic. Next level, not your average Mexican restaurant.
4	It's been a while since we last stopped here for a meal.  It was a busy Sunday afternoon but we managed a booth right away.  The adjacent table had a nice looking margarita, so I ordered one and enjoyed it immensely with our appetizer.  sopitas steak chorizo's, six hand made corn tortillas lightly fried and filled with beans, lettuce, cheese,  sour cream and joice of meats, we had chicken steak and chorizo.  Very good.For my entree I got a combination plate, I love too many things to just pick one, so a combination plate allows multiple selections.  So I got the morelia, a chili relleno, chicken enchilada and beef taco.  All three my favorites.  The food is fresh, cooked well, with enough flavors and spice to satisfy.  The service is quick, the restaurant clean, and well managed.
5	God I love Mexican food and it doesn't get any better than Lindo. I have been here so many times and it is a Las Vegas staple. I had my 18th birthday here. I have taken people here just for the specific purpose of introducing them to the incredibly flavorful, spicy salsa. The amazing Coca-Cola Carnitas. The oyster appetizers and the FANTASTIC made right at your table guacamole. Oh - they make it to your specifications!Add on top of all this a great mixed drink selection. Original margaritas are ALWAYS good. The meats are all marinated and delicious. One of my favorites to get is the pork with green chili sauce. HEAVEN ON YOUR TASTEBUDS.They are BUSY on Friday and Saturday nights, just so you are aware. The lines can often go out the door. However, even without reservations the staff at Lindo are quickly helping get people in the door and in seats, rather than standing around waiting for food.The ambiance can be a bit loud if you are here on busy nights because they tend to get large parties and remember - there could be a loud mariachi band playing right next to your table at times.The last time I came here our waiter was great. Our chips were never not filled. Our drinks were consistently refilled and our meals were delicious. I ate almost ALL of my food, which is crazy, but I was hungry. If I could eat here all the time, I would, but um... I can't because I don't want to weigh 350 lbs.
5	I cannot believe I did not review this place years ago when I first came here but I will now!About 4 years ago I was in Vegas for a convention and my cousin took me to Lindo Michoacan for dinner one night and I was blown away.  It is the type of Mexican food that makes you want to sit at the restaurant for three hours just to not be full so you can start eating again.  My wife and I were recently in vegas for the NASCAR race and when we met up with my cousin again we did have plans to go to a nice steakhouse but nope....we changed those to get some of the best Mexican food I have ever had...again.My wife could believe the size of the burrito she ordered and everything....everything was just as good as it was 4 years ago.   Big time props to Lindo Michoacan and next time I am in Vegas you will see me again.
5	Tourists!! There are gems to be found outside of the glittery Strip... and some of these gems have shuttles! Hence, Lindo Michoacan, five stars for you.First of all, quick service with a smile always goes a long way with me. Secondly, chips and salsa AND bean dip to start off... win. Thirdly, tableside guacamole spiced to your preference? Getouttahere. Fourthly, a menu with something delicioso for EVERYONE, including us vegheads. Fifthly (not even a word), the fact that they had a full house and could still capably handle the group of 18 that we were in... seriously en pointe service. Drinks refilled in minutes, orders placed in front of you instead of called out (one of my huge pet peeves) and never felt pressured to get out once the check was presented.Take advantage of the shuttle situation and GO!!
1	I still dont understand how Las Vegas can rank this as best of Las Vegas in the RJ.3 of us tried this last night using the 20% off coupon in the RJ.  This has got to be some of the worst and most overpriced mexican food we have ever had, even with the coupon.  This place was packed with white people and not many mexicans except for the servers.  2 people in our party were mexican and the both said this was just a glorified taco bell.  Food was covered with white/yellow goooe oily cheese.portions were small.  My friends called the free sopa de fideo, sopa de calcetenas (sock water)  It had no flavor and just a tomatoe colored water with pasta in it.  Guys, there are much better mexican restaurants in town.  I dont know how this chain stays in business.  The prices are $$$$$$$$ $19 for any seafood, $14 for combos, $15 for chicken dishes.
5	An absolute delightful meal. Having lived in California for some time, I have just assumed that there is great Mexican food everywhere. I couldn't be more wrong, and I've really struggled to find good sit-down Mexican in the Las Vegas valley....well the struggle is over. The food quality is excellent (the table-side guacamole is top-notch) and the service is quite good.  I come back often, and have forsaken all other Mexican joints.
4	Brought my brother here for his bday! I been here twice total and both times the food was really good. We arrived about close to 10 pm and the place was very busy but we were seated quickly. There were a lot of celebrations going on this night, many bdays and a wedding. The staff did a good job of maintaining a good atmosphere by playing music, singing songs, and being very interactive with all customers. A lot of choices looked very good but I settled with a plate of Chicken Fajitas with flour tortillas. The food was good, nothing I can complain about or really hype. I finished my plate and my drink never went below half way, good service all around.
5	les recomiendo que salgan un rato del entorno de las vegas blvd y disfruten este restaurante, para mi el mejor que hemos visitado mexico de verdad, las pasamos super en semana santa del 2012, el domingo santo excelente hasta nos regresaron al hotel ya que eramos 8 personas.
3	I really, REALLY wanted to like this place. I really did. The raves from my personal friends, all the reviews here on Yelp... I promise you, I had high hopes. But overall, it was just average. I will admit that I am a bit "Southern California persnickety" about my Mexican food, but have a pretty good tolerance for even bad Mexican food.  It's grease and meat and cheese and hot sauce -- what's not to love?  Sadly, the food here was neither good, nor bad, it just... was.  Bland is the closest adjective I can give it.The salsa was bizarre and had strange tangy-ness that was unexpected and off putting. The consistency was kind of like Cholula hot sauce, not a true salsa. The beans were beans, on the loose side, like a dip. Pretty decent, better than the salsa. The chips were fine.We each ordered fajitas, he steak and I chicken with flour tortillas. The steak, I swear to you, had no flavor at all. It just tasted like cooked meat.  The chicken had slightly more flavor, but really, nothing to write home about. We saw spices on it, but strangely, there were none on our tongues. There was no zing, no heat, no depth, it was just... food.Now, the tortillas -- those were awesome. Really good tortillas, freshly made. Where they lacked in the flavor department, they did make up for in service. While we were initially forgotten after being seated way in the back by the toilets, after we reminded them we existed, they were extra attentive. Overly so, even.  I think they could tell that we didn't love our food, as we asked for a box after just a few bites (I decided to try my hand at improving upon the leftovers the next day.) So they were very concerned about us being happy. We said we were and smiled and nodded -- we just didn't have the heart to tell them we thought their food was mediocre. :(They brought us extra hot tortillas to go, at no additional cost, so we were very appreciative and tipped accordingly.The meal itself was pretty pricey for a mexican restaurant, in my opinion. $15-$20 a person -- maybe that's the going rate, but I'm used to more $10-$15 a plate, the high end for fajitas.Our bill, without alcohol was $49, not including tip, pretty high for 2 orders of fajitas, if you ask me, but maybe I'm just that old fart recalling how it used to be a quarter to go to the movies. I don't know.Anyway, I feel bad for not being totally in love with them. What they lacked in flavor, they made up for in customer service, so 3 stars it is.
5	OMG, the beef tacos...seriously the most delicious thing ever. If you're looking for a lovely, authentic Mexican dining experience, this is the place.
4	This is one of the best Mexican restaurants I have ever had the pleasure to dine in. I had the camerones sarandeados estilo and it was extraordinary. The staff in cluding Carolina was friendly and knowledgeable and when they saw me whip out my video she gave me a guided tour. It was a Friday night and they had this great Mariachi Band and they were fabulous, even stopping at my table to serenade our group with some Tijuana Brass music. I decided to have their signature dessert, fried ice cream. Instead I got this wonderful flambe ball of crushed nuts surrounding delicious vanilla ice cream swathed in caramel. I am soooo satisfied. If you get to this place you won't be disappointed, but get there early because they pack up after 7. I'm still licking my fingers. Oh! Did I mention the two moms in the taquiera? They were making fresh tortillas for everyone all evening and smiling as they did it?
4	Excellent service, large menu, very friendly staff and very popular place so be prepared for crowds and raucous noise.  Best fish tacos ever, melt in your mouth.
3	Saw this restaurant on Yelp and thought I'd take a friend for her birthday. GREAT SERVICE but the food was pricey and just ok. I felt rushed and wanted to tell the guys to step back and let us eat. For the two of us for a couple of drinks and dinner with tip was $80.00. Not sure Ill go back just for a non celebrative bite.
3	I was here for a work dinner and overall, the place is solid.  The chips and table side guacamole were great.  The drinks were a little weak. I ordered the coke carnitas and was a little disappointed.  It didn't have a lot of favor.  Other people enjoyed their dinners.  Next time, I'll have to make a better selection.  We didn't have room for dessert because we all ate too many chips -- they're that good.The service was very good. My water and my drink were never empty.  And everyone was super nice.  Definitely deserves a repeat visit when I'm in LV again.
5	This is the BEST location and has the greatest staff!!! The table side guac is to die for!! The food is always hot and fresh, and the staff and service is always wonderful. We love when the Mariachi Band plays it gives an even more authentic feel. Keep up the great service. The South location has a great view of the city but the service and food have something to be desired.
4	Oh wow, what an unexpected find. I got tipped off to try this place by a couple of different people and so after wanting something besides Thai food for lunch I checked it out. The parking lot is packed and there was a LVMPD motorcycle officer parked out front. If the cops eat there, it's usually a good sign that the food doesn't suck. From the minute I walked in the door until I left, Service with SPEED! and Service with a smile was the rule. This wasn't a 45 min super slow lunch and I liked that. They have an extensive menu but the lunch specials are what I went with today and the pricing was not bad. Before I even got to order chips, salsa, and bean dip were on the table. The salsa at first shocked me. Not what I expected. I'm used to pico type salsas, this was a more complex, non jalapeno, we know our peppers and are not afraid to prove it salsa that with each bite I fell more in love with. My pollo dish was interesting with a tomato based sauce that just worked with some very flavorful chicken. The corn shells were not over cooked or greasy either.Overall, I was impressed. But now that I'm away from there I'm turning up my inner critic, the one that thinks Due Forni sucks and am looking back at the experience. When my only complaint is parking because it's busy, yeah, it was a good experience. 4 Stars - If I could go 4 1/2 Stars I would.
5	It was a warm and dry 9pm Tuesday. My cohort and myself needed sustenance. He was expecting fast food fare, I was desiring carnitas. I told him, head forth towards home, we're going to Lindo. To his surprise regardless of the fact he has lived down the street from here since, oh say, the late 90s my poor friend has failed to enjoy in the delicacies of Lindo's fine Mexican fare. We're greeted promptly as we enter, the staff's garb clean cheerful, somewhat traditional with clearly written name tags of Victor, Carla, Jose, and so much more. The smell of the spot is enticing, the decor borderline cheesy yet, for some reason it is not cheesy at all. Not unauthentic like Macayos, it is actually just right. The manager you can see pacing around making sure everything is running fine. The servers touching base on tables making sure the customers including the viciously drunk lady across from our table swimming in her margarita while her date just nods hoping she doesn't order an item from each section of the menu. Let me put it this way., the atmosphere is great. Casual yet not too informal. I can take a date here and she would be happy. The place works period. Food, oh the food. The delicious tasty food. Forget what my buddy chap had, it's not his review. I can say this, the man was shocked he had not enjoyed Lindo before. His food, his beer, his shot of 1942, his astonishment of the quality that went into everything. Hell we even had some tomatillo soup and this man did not bitch one bit. He's a beer snob, a steak snoot, a foodie of self hallucinating proportions when he's hopped up on port. I had the Carnitas in Coca-Cola sauce. Delicious, if only Chinese food could do sauces like this without the MSG. Seriously, tender succulent piece of pork in this delightful sauce gave me the sweet and the meaty in one plate. Fresh guac on the side, beans that were beany, rice that was ricy. I had no complaints save for the fact I couldn't finish it. Granted we had two bowls of chips and two refills of salsa, but I digress. Food is on point, service is on point, the scene was set, and my stomach was satisfied. Would I recommend this to my friends family and even strangers? You bet your ass I will. Hell I even skipped some details so my fingers don't go numb.
5	It is my second time eating here. I am not a local so i cant enjoy this place as much as i wish i could so when i am in Vegas i make sure i eat here at least once. The food is great! Some things are not completely "authentic" but its as close as you can get. The table-side guacamole is so good. I has the beef flautas this time and they were so good. The place is not cheap but the portions are huge. The agua de Jamaica was delicious! The bus boys/waiters are on it! As soon as my cup was half full they immediately came to refill it, and when i say immediately i mean it... They are so attentive and i never had to ask for anything since they offered way before i even thought about it. We enjoy eating here so much because the place looks so nice and authentic, the service is great and all the food we have tried has really surprised us so far. Definitely recommend this place.
4	After watching "Heat Seekers" on the Food Network, I decided to try the Cry Today, Cry Tomorrow chicken.  Before I ordered, the manager gave me a taste of what I would be in for!  This was impossibly HOT and could not be eaten and this was only about an eighth of a teaspoon,  I had to run into the kitchen to ask for milk to kill the burn.  I had already ordered an appetizer and a pork dish but lost my appetite do to the fire within and had to cancel my order, unfortunately.  I would rate it 5 stars for service and atmosphere, but I really didn't eat.  There is a big selection of tequilas and mezcals if you wish to imbibe.Special thanks to Jamie, my waiter for being accommodating while I was on fire!!
5	wow went there a few hours ago and loved it. we got seated immediately. customer service was great. the table side guacamole was lovely! my new spot. food was yummy as well
5	This place was fantastic! A friend and I were in town for a conference and tired of the strip. We checked online for the best mexican food, and found this place. From the strip, it was about a 15 minute drive, but sooooo worth it!!!Well, to start off with, they bring out yummy chips, salsa, and beans. We ordered aguas de Jamaica and it was delish! Our glasses were constantly refilled, and we felt attended to. I couldn't decide on the plethora of choices, but finally decided on the fish tacos, which were fabulous. Nice homeade corn tortillas and a generous portion of crunchy fish pieces, and thick slices of avocado.They came with a delicious sauce on the side, and also the lettuce came on the side of the plate, so it was nice to add however much I wanted of each.My buddy was also indecisive, but by suggestion of the waiter ordered the Pollo Sarandeado, and she absolutely loved the flavoring. She had previously lived in Mexico and missed the authentic food, but this food really did it for her. She also commented it was probably the best chicken she ever had!To finish off the meal, we had sopapillas. Deeeelicious!
5	Wow! If you are visiting Las Vegas and want to have REAL, authentic Mexican food, then you have go here. The state of Michoacan is known for their Carnitas so I would suggest you try them. The food is amazing and the customer is outstanding. It seems like more and more restaurants are incorporating  the buddy system. We had  several waiters and this kept everything flowing, everyone was happy and had a great time.
5	Best Authentic mexican food period!!! This place is extreamly busy and loud noice with their music and the people talking, But maaan... the food and the service is above the excellent! Stake Congac and stake ranchero is the best of the grill and all the other food are very tasty and traditional touch!!
3	Way over priced. Carne asada lacked flavor. You can always can tell how authentic the food will be by the salsa. The salsa was fresh out of the can. However the mojitos and fiedo soup where very good.  Casa don Juan restaurant is way better them this place.
4	I haven't been to this location in a LONG TIME! I tend to frequent the one on Carnegie in Henderson or the one that's less than 5 minutes from my house in Summerlin.Place was packed on a Friday night, and there seemed to be an overwhelming number of people celebrating their birthdays this night!The food was good. I ordered the vegetarian burritos and they were awesome! The server was pretty good too. Paid good attention to how we were behaving at the table. Checking on us quickly in the beginning, but noticed we were too busy conversing so switched to checking on us every ten minutes or so. I also think he had a thing for my date, as he never really looked at me when he came to check on us! lol! All good. Just shows he has good taste!All in all, a great experience and I would eat here again, but have to be honest when I say I'd go to Carnegie or West Flamingo locations first. Nothing against this location, just my preference of area and atmosphere.
5	Fresh tasting, authentic flavors with some of the best homemade tortillas in town. The service is great, and the price is right especially with a Groupon.
2	So i have read and heard all this hype about how good this place was and i'm here to say WHY? i have had better food at chevys or even a robertos, The place was hot as hell feels like there's hardly any ac going at all. The food was decent at best and  for the price range this would be one of my last pics for sure, the point is skip it one of the most overrated mexican food joints in las vegas
5	I have been to Lindo Michoacan on previous occasions and had pleasant dining experiences, but I was never really blown away by the food. On this most recent visit, I came with Groupon in hand and I have to say it made me a believer.I ordered the Chuletas de Cerdo Estilo. These pork chops were perfection. The flavors were on point and they were cooked well. Many places overcook pork chops, but these were moist and flavorful. My fella ordered the two burrito combination plate. He chose the green chile pork with beans and a red chile beef burrito. The green chile burrito was addictive. The flavors were absolutely delightful. They danced in my mouth and made me eat quite a bit more than I should have. Next time I'm ordering this dish with both two green chile burritos instead of just the one.The prices are reasonable considering what you get. I can't believe I've finally found a good Mexican restaurant in town by revisiting a place I had written off in the past! Service was friendly and beyond efficient. We never had a glass go half empty and our chips and dips were always filled to the brim.
5	Love this restaurant.
5	Located east of the strip - easy to find. Lots of locals go here. The atmosphere has lots of color / ceramic tiles all over. The margaritas are excellent with premium liquor choices as well, the menu variety is wide with excellent chicken, shrimp and beef dishes. I tried their Dulce de Leche cake and being a caramel fan, I thought I died and went to heaven. Their guacamole appetizer is made tableside just like a Caesar salad - and with your choice of seasonings/spices - that too was excellent.  Highly recommended - didn't need reservations surprisingly and the place holds a lot more than meets the eye. If in doubt, though, make a reservation.
4	This place opens at 9am and I am hungry, so we head out for some good Mexican food.  The service is great, considering we one of a couple of tables, this early, not too many people here. I get my order in for a combination plate, I think it's called Patzcuaro, it included a chile relieno, one tamale, Green chicken enchilada and sour cream with onions.  The chips and salsa are very fresh, the chips are warm, the salsa and bean dip is very spicy.  And they offer a refill!  We get a small cup of soup, with noodle, hot but needs a little kick, so I add some of the salsa on the table.  The food comes out pipping hot and the cheese all melted the way I like it.  A very good meal.The food is fresh, the service is great and they are open early.
4	One of the best mexican restaurant in las vegas!
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in town!  Service is always outstanding, food is always yummy, and great chips, salsa and bean dip.
5	Love this place. Friendly staff, good atmosphere, the view is phenomenal, food is great, large portions. My family and I will definitely be back
4	Great food, great service...you cannot go wrong it is very nice, priced great..seems very authentic!
5	Always eat here when we are in Vegas. Great food, great service, and great prices.
4	This location is vastly superior to the Henderson location!The food is more flavorful and the service is really, really good. I've always ordered combinations and haven't been disappointed. Also, the "Burro Bionico" is very tasty! I'd advise coming here when very hungry, as the portions are enormous. This is my go-to when visitors tell me they want Mexican food. It always gets rave reviews!
5	A MUST if you're in Vegas!! (: My extended family actually owns the restraunt but I promise I'm not biased.  The food is authentic, all family recipes! It's delicious I swear. I always get the camarones a mojo de ajo, or the pollo amador(my grandpas recipe). It's all so delicious but remember this is authentic, if you want that Taco Bell shit this is NOT the place for you.  Oh and don't forget about the homemade tortillas too! they're delishh.
4	My favorite for Mexican in Las Vegas! Been to the one near the strip and on Flamingo. What I appreciate is that the recipes are truly Mexican... not American-Mexican. The menu explains each dish and the spices in detail. The hand-made tortillas really make a difference and the wait staff continually ensures your complimentary chips, salsa and bean dip are always full!. Had the Chipolte chicken and it was tender, spicy and smoky. Our son ordered the lemon chicken, something I probably would not have ordered.... that is until I tasted it! Fantastic! The guacamole they make table side can be customized to your preferences and they even put jalapenos on the side for us who like it spicier. Very accommodating. Live music in the bar at the one on Eastern, and the waiters do a  mean happy birthday at both locations accompanied by guitar!!
5	I have to say, this is probably my favorite restaurant ever. The service is always amazing, the food is sooooo good, and me and my family have been coming here for at least 10 years and we always pick this as our birthday dinner. When its your birthday they give you a free tequila shot and churros. I have only gotten the same thing every time I've been there which is gulf shrimp, wrapped in bacon and deep fried, holy heaven... And the sauce they give you to dip the shrimp is addictive, i dip everything in it, i would dip my shoe in there and it would be delicious. They give you this soup in the beginning with tiny noodles, and a chicken/tomato broth that's so awesome. And also the chips, salsa and bean dip they start you off with is so good, be careful or you'll get filled up before your food comes. All in all you never have to wait for your drink to be filled, great service and awesome food. Maybe a little expensive but worth it!
5	My new favorite Mexican place in Vegas  5 STARS  for food 5 STARS  for Service Beautiful place Amazing Staff Delicious  Mexican food A Must Try ! ! !
5	Amazing food and staff! My new fav pkace. I will be here again foe sure
5	Im not going to waste anytime with this review. This place is my new favortie Mexican restaurant, period.Everything was greatI had the Enchilada, Taco and Tamale plate. Excellent! The atmosphere? Excellent! The service? Friendly and..........Thats right. Excellent!Wife had the steak fajitas and they were great as well.Extremely spacious parking lot.Plain and simple, If you dont come and eat here, your missing out!
5	Best Mexican Restaurant!! I have been coming here for years and it's still amazing. The food is always so good. I usually order some shrimp dish..I try too change it up. Beans are amazing and you can tell everything is fresh. Everything I order..not one thing I didn't like. They also have great kids meals too. Friendly staff as well.I have noticed the prices have gone up but it's well worth! I have been too the one in Henderson and this location seems too be a bit better. So good!!
5	Just ate here tonight with my family and I have to say it was one of the most pleasant dining experiences I've had in some time.The food was good. I don't know if any one item really blew me away but the food from top to bottom was satisfying. I had the combination plate with a chile relleno, chicken enchilada and a tamale. The tamale, which was actually the reason I ordered the plate was probably the weakest thing I hate, but it was more than made up for by a good enchilada and very, very good chile relleno.For desert we had the fried ice cream and, my favorite dish of the night, sopapillas. Both were delicious.Now, having mentioned the food, I want to say that the part of the outing that made my night was the service. I've had plenty of good food at plenty of places--it's really not hard to find in Las Vegas. Finding a place that makes you feel great on a Saturday night purely by the strength of the service though? That's a lot harder.Everyone who waited on us was smiling, prompt and very nice. Our bussers key our waters full and our tables clear. Our orders arrived quickly and everyone was particularly nice and interactive with our baby. If fact, during the course of the meal a lady brought us a stuffed burro from the restaurant and gave it to us. It entertained our daughter long enough for me to finish dinner.I hope this evening was not an anomaly because I'm looking forward to this same treatment when I return. It really set this place apart and really made for a nice Saturday evening.
5	Wow.  You gotta go here.  The food was great.  Salsa was good.  Plates were very hot.  Enchaladias were perfect.  I will be going back here.  We took taxi's there.  When we wanted to leave, we found that they have a very nice sized shuttle.  So they took our party of ten downtown.  Very cool.  As always, it is a good idea to make reservations.
5	Awesome food, awesome service. They were voted 2012 Best Of for a reason!
4	Very good mexican food, at reasonable prices. Table side guacamole is a must have everytime. Ceviche excellent, carnitas excellent.. Combination plates are all good. Wash it down with a premium magarita. Great service, Very attentive.
5	Hands down the best mexican I've had in town...so far.  Very authentic and they have a huge menu that should suit every taste.  In the middle room you can even see the tortillas being freshly made.  The only thing that was bad about my second trip was the fact that for the life of me I couldn't remember what I got the first time to order it again...but my second meal was excellent as well.The guac is made table side and is super fresh.  I love making homemade guac myself and actually will not make it without cilantro anymore because they used it at Lindo and it really made a difference.We live a good 6 miles or so away and on the way everyone was asking why we were traveling so far for this restaurant and if we were getting Mexican food, why we couldn't go to one of the one hundred places that are closer.  By the end of the meal everyone need why and gave me kudos for the selection.It will be hard to go anywhere else when I have a craving for Mexican food.
5	This place has the best Mexican food in town, the 2nd best is Richardo!The homemade Guacamole is awesome! An idea how fresh it is, they bring it to your table and make it right their in front of you and you get a lot of it as well! The house salsa is awesome, it may be a little too hot for some but very addicting! They also bring out some bean dip as well. I have had several different items on the menu from the Burritos, the tostada and the carne asada - which are all were leaving you to want more!!The bar drinks are great as well and a very strong!This place has been in town for years, one of the very few places where they never disappoint you!
5	Wowwww, I thought I was spoiled with Mexican goodness living in the Bay Area. Holy crap, this place exceeded my expectations by a huge amount. Everything, and I mean everything was on point. Some of THE BEST service I had EVER seen in my life and I've done a lot of eating out. Water glass 3/4 full? Get ready for a refill within seconds? Chips almost completely killed? Refill is brought right to your table before you can get the last chip. The staff is very welcoming and friendly as well. Hostesses all greet you with bright smiles and the waiters are very polite. Food was near perfection as well, no complaints at all there. My brother's burrito was literally the size of a football!!! Only thing I have to warn people about, DO NOT plan to eat here if you plan on going out that night. You will be so incredinly full that you will be embarrased to show your 6 pack if you have one. I sure as hell know I nearly needed a food coma and went directly to my hotel room and took a 2 hour recovery nap from my lethargicness. Then I got a call at midnight from the friend who said come down to the casino and I sure as hell did. Interesting night!
5	A Las Vegas staple, this is definitely the go to place when you want some good Mexican cooking. It goes way beyond the taco, burrito, enchilada fare and has a menu full of of excellent dishes made with steak, chicken, shrimp or fish. So many to choose from you won't even get through the full menu on your first visit. One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Homemade tortillas, chips and hot sauce, great atmosphere, great service, there is nothing about Lindo that disappoints. Highly recommended!
4	I have been coming here for years. Great food, great prices and the staff is always so nice. Even when I order something as simple as the tacos I'm always pleased. Their guacamole has this unique kick to it that I just love. I love when the mariachi band cruses the dining room. I never find it annoying. :) It makes for a festive experiance!
5	Better then excellent. #26 on the lunch menu is my favorite.?
4	As my Californian friend said, she only eats Mexican food when she's back in LA.  Well, here in Vegas, which is close to LA, I've discovered that I can find a good authentic Mexican restaurant east of LA.My recommendation is the shrimp with their special chili pepper sauce and the carne tampiquena.  Their tortillas are freshly made and best of all, the price is right!
5	Awesome food and service. Great mole. All-time favorite. Do yourself a favor. Eat here. Off the strip...they'll come and get you!
4	Definitely a MUST GO! Great food & environment
5	There is not a meal that I have not enjoyed here.  With so many reviews and top-notch ratings already, let me just suggest the lengua or the carnitas.  But like I said, everything is good here!
5	I am not a huge fan of Mexican food but my friend wanted to check it out so I said why not, the reviews were very good and its right down the street. I was impressed that the place is always busy and packed but the quality of food and service is excellent. It is probably the best Mexican restaurant I have every been to and I have been to so many I cannot count since I living in Arizona and Las Vegas. Go there and you will not be disappointed, if I was more into Mexican cuisine I would give it 5 stars, well to be fair it deserves it so 5 stars it is.
5	If you are looking for good Mexican food, don't come here. If you are looking for great Mexican food and authentic atmosphere this is the place. The exterior of the building at this location just looks like almost any other building. But once you walk inside you can see the love put into the decorations throughout the interior. I have been to many Mexican restaurants that go way overboard with decorations to look authentic and just look like stereotypical.From the moment my wife and I walked in we well taken care of. We were seated quickly. Beverages were brought quickly. And we never lacked for a quick refill of our drinks. Our waiter was very friendly and answered all of our questions. This is some of the best service we have received at not just any restaurant but anywhere.Go to any Mexican Restaurant and you will find the menu loaded with Tacos, Burritos, Nachos, Enchiladas, and Taco Salads. Lindo Michoacan has some of these on the menu, but they are a very small portion. Some of the items on the menu are Pollo al Mojo de Ajo, Chili Verde and Colorado, Camarones Rancheros and much more. My wife and I ended up ordering the same item. We both got a Chili Lime Chicken. This came with a side of beans and rice and also came with flour or corn tortillas made on site. They came out fresh and hot. They were full of flavor and complemented the rest of the meal. The chicken was flavorful as well andhad the right amount of tang with the lime squeeze. So there is Mexican food and truly authentic Mexican Food. This is the real deal and now my favorite Mexican Restaurant.
5	I'm in Las Vegas for work a lot and this place is a nice low-key getaway from the strip.  Conveniently close to LVCC as well. Great food, service and micheladas.
4	I recommend Lindo Michoacan if you want authentic Mexican food. I appreciate the fact the menu isn't littered with Tex Mex options. The menu includes authentic dishes from the region, and the staff are eager to recommend your next favorite dish. I have a gluten allergy, and I was still able to find some really excellent dishes. The decor is lovely, and the place doesn't have a cheesy feel. I look forward to dining here more often, especially since it has so many yummy margaritas.
5	Sweet baby lord Jesus this place is so good! EVERYTHING, is beyond amazing I've came here couple of times and ordered most of everything and trust me when I say that everything on the menu doesn't let you down. Very authentic and service is amazing! Our waiter (Gerardo) hope that's correct /:He was outstanding! And patient with us he told us what he liked and what we liked and not only that but he was being really friendly & helpful!  Try to seat w/ him when you go!All of the staff is amazing and that's what keep me coming back (other than the delicious food) 5 stars for lindo! PS.  Try the fried ice cream and horchata!
5	What a great place.  My fiancee and I were in Las Vegas on vacation and wanted to eat some authentic Mexican food like we do back at home, and this was what our friends suggested (although there was another location with a better view but we couldn't get the GPS to find it).The inside of the restaurant is comfortable, nothing fancy just your typical layout.  The server we had was polite and very helpful.  We ordered the Guacamole appetizer and I knew we were in for a treat when he came out and made it right in front of us after asking us how we would like it tailored.  It was fantastic, probably the best guacamole I've had.  Unfortunately this lead us to eating three baskets of chips, but that's the side effect of being in Vegas and not being able to control the pig-out factor everyday.I really wish I hadn't eaten that many chips though, because the meal I got was crazy delicious.  They have a lot of menu choices and a lot of specials, all of which sounded great, so I didn't really know where to begin.  I was contemplating between two of the chicken dishes and asked the waiter what he preferred.  He pointed me to a third dish; the Pollo Sarandeado, which turned out to be right up my alley so I'm glad he persuaded.  I was skeptical at first, as the sauce was a blend of peppers and some kind of mayo which I'm not typically a fan of, but this was sublime.  It turned out to be one of those meals where you can't stop eating even though you're so full but then you stop anyways because you're THAT full.  I took the rest back to the hotel in a doggy bag and then forgot I didn't have a fridge to put it in.  Sad times.  Bottom line though, get the Pollo Sarandeado.  My fiancee had one of the burritos and she was equally happy.The drinks came around a little slow, but they have a team of waiters and usually the ones that aren't yours will still be good about refilling chips and keeping an eye on things.  Overall, I wasn't bothered by the speed at all and the food / politeness more then made up for it.  Really happy I tried this place and I'll easily give it a big recommendation to any visitors.
2	Not a fan.Guacamole is the only thing I like here.
5	Told hostess that i would like to sit on the bar b4 i get a table...hostess  very friendly ( i like to check out the place b4 i order...Bar tender name Nora was very friendly & nice to all counter customers ....I'ved been to this place a dozen of times &  If you like Mexican Food, This is a Place to Go!!!....Very good, tasty and they have Fresh Tortilla... Service was excellent waitress( Evelyn ) very knowleagable on menu....Great Service all around !!
5	There are so many fantastic things I can say about this restaurant. First off, AMAZING view during the night. Second of all, the food is lovely. They kept the salsa and chips flowing as we had our beers. Ordering was easy (they even allowed us some swaps) and the wait and bus staff was not only super-genial and accommodating, but whoever hired them has a touch for the dramatic. So many handsome guys all in one place!! A lot of restaurants in the area shove you out after you finish eating, not here. We stayed over an hour after the meal and there was absolutely no pressure to leave. Quite a wonderful place for a family dinner, a date, or just anything... it's special for any occasion!
5	Simply the best Mexican food we have found in the Vegas valley.
5	came here with some friends a few months ago and woooow! this place deserves its title because every thing was impeccable. The food, the service, and even the decor was perfect! It is a nice date night place. (sigh) Just thinking about my dinner here makes me smile =D
5	I believe this is the best Mexican food I've ever had at a restaurant. The fish tacos are so good I've had them on several different visits. Also the carnitas with the coca cola sauce is amazing. Very tender and delicious. The guacamole is made table side and is great. The atmosphere here is just so warm and inviting with live music and a friendly staff. I love this place.
4	What a beautiful restaurant. The colorful tile, the fountain, the artwork, the stained glass window... Very authentic. Guacamole made fresh and to order at the table. The homemade tortillas were hot and delicious. We had attentive service for our group of 10 during lunch rush- they even let us order on separate checks. Food was served quickly and to order. Drinks were refilled often.The employees seemed to really enjoy working there. I saw a place for a live band and a very well stocked bar.. I will be back to enjoy that!
2	The atmosphere was quite pleasant. That's the only reason for 2 stars, because the food.... Big MEH.We had heard all the rave reviews. Methinks these people have never been to California and tasted what real fresh Mex is like. Lindo Michoacan is NOT all that. Most of the stuff is pure canned flavor.Save yourself the trip. Head over to Mandalay Bay and get some decent food at the Border's Grill.
5	I travel the Western States frequently, and I lived in Vegas for a couple years... This is by far my absolute most favorite Mexican Restaurant ever! Over the last 15 years, I have sent friends, co-workers, and family to this business - and I have always received nothing but compliments on the suggestion.After I moved back to Washington, I would come into town every 5 to 8 months for work, and of course this is where I'm going for dinner... I would head to the bar, and the bartender would ask, Carne Asada as usual... NICE!!While I lived in Vegas I did go there for lunch or dinner at least 3 times a week, but I was stunned when she remembered me and my order from several months earlier... The one on DI (Desert Inn & Eastern) is the original. I guess the family peeled off and opened a few others around Vegas, but I like this one the best... Cheers!
5	We have been coming here for 5 years and they never disappoint.  Great for a couple or big parties. Love it.
5	Ummmmm...this place is our favorite spot.  We visit at least 2 times per week.  It is seriously amazing!  We love the food and drinks.  It doesn't get much better than this.
4	Overall one of the best Mexican places I've had in Vegas.  Since re-locating here I've had some problems finding a good value when it comes to meals.  Lindo has become a "go to" place for me and many of my friends because of the portion size and affordable price.  I normally get a simple combo plate for around $15.This place does not try to be fancy and flashy which is another reason I'm attracted to it.
4	Very good, real Mexican. Margarita was also awesome. If you want good Mexican food in Vegas, STAY OFF THE STRIP, and find this place. Great food, nicely decorated, authentic Mex. Yum.
3	Service is excellent the moment we arrived til we left. The signature pork carnitas platter was edible, but a little dry and tough. The rice was dry as well. The guacamole was very fresh. The combo #1 was better with an excellent chile rilleno, but dry chicken enchilada, and a good taco. The house mango and peach were excellent. The dessert menu was disappointing since they had no tres leces cake instead a cheesecake? A lunch on saturday for $61 plus $12 tip is not worth going back to.
4	Great Mexican food.  Here in Vegas, I have found few places that match the quality of the food and taste.   However, make sure you go to the Original Lindo at Desert Inn.  It  is just better.
5	Good food! Good service! Good shit!
4	Great authentic Mexican food! We had a very nice dinner(chicken and steak fajitas) and the servers were attentive without being bothersome. The nicest part was the complimentary ride back to our hotel in the restaurant's Honda Scion. That saved us a $25 cab fare! This is a must for people looking to eat good Mexican and get away from all the over-priced casino/hotel restaurants!
5	We have been here several times and at various times and this place is busy but seating is quick.  Service is the best, better than in many high priced joints.  Never an empty water glass or beer glass for that matter.  The beer is always cold and served in a great chilled glass.Lelt me counter a previous poster - I am from Cali and I love this place.  Fantastic and varied menu so anyone should be able to satisfy their Mexican food desires.  Every entree I've had has been tops and the tortillas are like those made at home, light, fluffy, warm and downright excellent.  I could make a meal out of them!Very good sopapillas if you have room for dessert.  This is no doubt one of the best Mexican restaurants we have been to in the entire southwest.  Anyone posting less than 4 stars wouldn't know a tortilla from a tomahawk.
5	Recently had a wedding reception/dinner and the service, food & entertainment wasABSOLUTELY AMAZING. I was really worried cause I had 70 guests & was just trusting a referral. While making all the arrangements for my daughters special day & speaking to a couple of the managers on different occasions everything turned out GREAT and then some. Thank you Lindo Michocan for having such a wonderful staff.
5	Okay, all you gringos. If you're used to middle of the road, chain Mexican food places, and get freaked out at the thought of anything deviating from that path, this place might be a bit too authentic for you. But, if you've been to Mexico, love the real stuff, and might even venture from the enchilada and burrito safe haven, this restaurant has your name on it. It's clean, bright and beautiful, very comfortable, very family friendly, and completely delicious. It has the requisite burritos and tacos and enchiladas, but it has so much more, for those who crave it. Great service, very friendly staff. After ten minutes on our first visit, my wife turned to me and said, "This is my favorite Mexican restaurant ever." Mine, too.
3	Food was good (not outstanding but good) and so was the margarita. This is the style of mexican restaurant where tourists gathered, music is loud and the staff sing along for birthdays. Not the authentic kind but the kitschy ones. Had a good time but would not have picked it myself.
4	Lindo Michoacan, I know you well. According to the Yelp app I have 41 visits (sometimes I forget to check in so it's about triple that number) and I am the Duke of this place. While I've visited you for dinner, lunch is what keeps me coming back. First it was a cheese enchilada and beef taco lunch special, but that was all forgotten about when I discovered for $1 more I could get fish tacos. And I could get them grilled to boot! Your lunch special with tip and all isn't exactly a low-buck lunch, but when I'm really hungry and I want to get in, get out, and get on with tending to the daily zoo I call work, you pretty much take care of me. Parking: If it's busy parking can suck. It's tight and people are in a carb induced or tequila induced haze when leaving and it makes driving through their parking lot quite interesting. And getting back on to Desert Inn can be a pain. Service: If you get someone like Ismael at your table you're golden. But some of the servers have issues. I don't ask for much. Just bring me iced tea, and refill my salsa. Do that, my tip is 25%. Don't do it and you get snarky tips on Yelp complaining about the service. But for all my gripes my 41 check ins and Duke status speak volumes. Lindo is just good food. Consistently good food. Also if you or someone with you has a birthday make sure and tell the staff. You'll get the whole staff singing to you and a tequila shot! 4 Strong Stars.
3	Service is great, but honestly the mexican food here is over rated. I came here a year ago, I must have still been drunk and thought the food was great, the next time I came I was sober and did not like the food that much.. They have great service, and make tortillas there.. That was cool..
5	We absolutely love Lindo Michoacan and come back every chance we can.   We came here years ago after seeing Rachel Ray in 2008 brag about this place on her Food Network show as one of the Best authentic Mexican Restaurants in Vegas.  They have a great menu, it will take you a while to go through it, so order a drink and relax while you browse.  The prices are very reasonable $10-15 for dinner and lunch specials for $8.50-$11, which you can't say about other Mexican Restaurants in the strip.  It is a short drive or taxis ride from the strip on Desert Inn Road East.  I can't believe a search on Trip Advisor doesn't come up with this restaurant even when searching for Mexican Cuisine.   The restaurant offers a free shuttle service to the closest monorail station.    Here is their website - http://www.lindomichoacan.com    We've enjoyed several of their chicken dishes including El Burro Bianico (enchilada style burrito), Chicken Fajitas, and Enchiladas.  We've also had a few Margaritas and beers here too.   We highly recommend Lindo Michoacan Mexican Restaurant for dinner.  How can you go wrong when they've been voted "The Best of Las Vegas" for the eight times!
4	The restaurant was full of Mexican customers! Need I say more
5	This place was awesome! I visit Vegas quite a bit and usually eat along the strip but decided to try a local place. It was a good choice. Food was delicious and very big portions for the cost. Staff was beyond friendly and the service was great. My cup never reached empty before the waiter was there refilling it. Oh and since it was my birthday they sang to me and I got some churros and a free shot! I will definitely go back!
4	This place was so much fun! We went for my friend's birthday and had a lot of fun. They had a band playing who was really good! I thought the prices were very reasonable too! When we sat down, they gave us chips and salsa AND beans. I've never had beans served at the beginning with the chips like that, but I thought it was very cool. I loved everything. I guess the only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because the veggies were kind of funny. The veggies in our burritos were peas, green beans, etc. Kind of seems like maybe it came from a can of mixed veggies you would buy at the store instead of like grilled onions and peppers and stuff that I'm used to. And my friend ordered a chicken burrito, and there was seriously only chicken in it. No veggies or sour cream or cheese. Just chicken. Still tasted great! Just kinda funny :)
4	I've decided after my first meal here that table-side guacamole making is an important life skill that everyone should have. Like learning to drive a stick shift. Or knowing how to replace an air conditioning filter. When you're two Asians and two gringos in a Mexican restaurant, you know you're doing something right when even the Latinos around you are ordering the table-side guacamole. I got the 3-taco plate and opted to get one each of carne asada, lengua, and al pastor rather than getting three of just one type of meat as the menu listed. The al pastor was so awesome - sweet and juicy, but the carne asade and lengua were both on the blander side. I'd come back though - tacos are tough to perfect, especially when everyone feels like they've found the Fountain of Tacos out of their coworker's neighbor's abuela's cousin's pickup truck in the garage and no longer see the value of paying a premium at a sit down restaurant. The menu here is extensive, and I definitely saw a lot of items that caught my eye for a next visit. On top of that, the service is genuine; you don't have to habla espanol to have the servers be at your every beck and call.
3	So, I waited for about a week to write this review and this is why.It was my best friend's graduation and to celebrate we went to this location, it was my first time and she highly recommended it. I ordered the Mole Pablano and the Chile Relleno, both were very good. I have not tried any mole dishes before but since this is, as what the others described it as "authentic," I guess it was not a bad place to try my first mole. With the live music and Mexican decoration, and the sporadic "birthday" or "congratulatory" chants, gives this restaurant a unique Mexican experience that I have not yet experience. But let's get down to why I am giving Lindo Michoacan "3-stars." Although I value the quality of food very highly, I also value service. It was a busy weekend, but I can't really say whether or not it is a "normal" weekend for them. We had a big group, a part of about 20, and we had one waiter. I was one of the last guests to arrive and the waiter was getting everyone's drinks, I had a slight hesitation when he asked me and before I know it, he already was on the next guest. He also kept going back to me asking me, very sternly, if I was ready to order, wanting me to make a decision. After the third time, I said I was ready, but mind you, he wasn't really taking any order, he just wanted to know if we were ready. At this point, I was already peeved. And, he also managed to annoy half of our party. One of our party had a specific order and this was repeated 3x, twice in English and once in Spanish. When his order came, he was surprised that it was wrong. He pointed this out to our server and our server told him they can scoop it out for him or hand him a spoon to do it himself. After some deliberation, he gave the plate back and said he does not want the food anymore. At this point, the server called him an "a-hole" in Spanish, NOT KNOWING HE IS FLUENT IN SPANISH! The manager was called and talked to our friend and only then when this server came over to "personally apologize." I do not believe it was sincere at all since he only have done so since he got caught! There was no compensation, that I was aware of the same server kept serving us. I was not happy about his service and wished we did not leave any tip/gratuity towards him. I would have left it to the bus boys. Big question, will I go back? I would only go back if a friend, who also speaks Spanish, wanted to go. Don't get me wrong, I guess this is an isolated incident and the other staff are welcoming.
3	The Cadillac Margarita was amazing but too strong for my personal taste. The Strawberry Margarita was delicious; definitely recommended for those of us who do not like the strong taste of liquor. Lol. As for the food, I wasn't very impressed; too expensive for what you get. The meats [steak, chicken & lobster] were all overcooked. The highlight of the meal was the salsa served with chips & the hand-made tortillas. I would be inclined to visit again if their prices were a little lower.
5	Met a friend for lunch here.  The chips, salsa and bean dip is wonderful.  I had the #24 lunch special, Shrimp and Garlic with beans and rice.  Camarones de Mojo de Ajo.  Nice and garlicky.  Great sopping the sauce with corn tortillas.  Great service.  Go here for the lunch menu, then try the dinner menu.  It's the bomb!
4	AWESOME...AWESOME...AWESOME!  HUGE portions!  Great prices...pretty darn good (not perfect, but good) service. I would go back in a second!  Gave us a free ride (paid them a "donation") back to our hotel about 10 min away.My only complaint:  the stupid music players.  OK...it is someone's birthday..play them a song and sing and move on.  We were there with another couple and could not even talk for literally almost 20 minutes because these guys kept on playing and singing in the main room right beside us.  This is NOT for a social dinner.  I honestly, seriously...honestly almost asked them to shut up and let us eat/talk.
5	I live in the bay area and a friend of mine who's from Vegas recommended this place to me for our trip here this time around...its one of the most delicious Mexican food restaurants I've ever been to. Authentic food (really!! My hubby is part Mexican and he ordered the chile verde and devoured it), not to mention the decor makes you feel like you're really in Mexico! Tortillas are made in-house, guacamole is made table side, and the complimentary chips and salsa (and bean dip) is right up my alley. There was also a one man band playing that set the mood and the soup before dinner was tasty. great experience with friendly staff and our food came out so quickly! Wish we had one in Cali!
5	Excellent restaurant ! Camarones sarandeados or steak a la cognac  delicious ! Also margarita with corona excellent I love the service the nachos with the refried beans and the hot sauce love it ! I always go there when I'm in a mood for Mexican food
5	A favorite date night spot. The table-side guacamole is amazing, as well as many of the entrees with their varying sauces (i love sauces). Very traditional and authentic, negra modelo and some pollo zirahuen and I'm happy! Carlos the server is fantastic, we ask for him every time, a great guy!
4	My husband and I come here once a month as a treat.  I love the authentic Mexican cuisine this place offers.  Everything is fresh when it comes out from the kitchen.  We have never waited long for our food.  Great service and great prices.  You get a lot of food for what you pay for which is worth it.  The Chile Relleno is fantastic.
4	Great service and authentic Mexican food make this place a pleasant change from from the Las Vegas casino buffets.  The service was fast and friendly, the food was good, and the restaurant was clean.
5	This is a Mexican restaurant with class and style. We were greeted at the door with a smile and hospitality. Although you may order the typical dishes you would see at other Mexican restaurants, our table ordered some of the more unusual items such as Buey Al Cilantro (rib eye with verde sauce) and Carnitas a la Coca-Cola (pork cooked in Coke). The flavors were great. Service was pleasant and prompt.Not impressed with the cramped width between our booth and a nearby table of twenty nor the AC blowing directly on us.Why the 5 stars? For focus on the customer. We had a $15 cab ride from the LVH to the restaurant but were delightfully surprised to be offered a ride back to our hotel via their own shuttle at the end of the meal (no charge). Good job!
4	As I say when I check in here... It's simply always constantly excellent. Want fresh fish on the lighter side with lots of garlic and olive oil? They got it. In the mood for a huge bone in ribeye cooked to perfect temp topped with, whatever you want? Come here before spending an arm and leg at a steakhouse.  Chicken enchiladas con mole? Oooh, the Mole! Que Rico. My wife Lorena Peril is a headliner at Luxor (opportunistic plug, please buy her songs on iTunes) also mi chacita Flacita. Growing up in a heavy Hispanic household with many close by relatives complete with mariachi and quesinera. This is her go to place at least 3 times monthly. 3 weeks ago she sat in with the house musician and nailed 2 songs. The name of which I can neither pronounce or spell. Ay Gringo. Margaritas flow with perfection no matter how you like it.  We do have a favorite section and table however you can't go wrong no matter where you sit. With drinks, food, and tip. It's rarely over 100$ for the 2 of us. A fantastic place for early Sunday dinner at any of their locations. Authentic Mexican cuisine at its finest.
1	Stop by this place on a Saturday night.  The place was nice, the atmosphere was good, and our waiter was on top of our refills.  The bad, our waiter took our order but forgot to place it to the cook, so it took about 20mim to finally get our food.  When our food finally came out, my plate was totally the wrong plate.  At this point the waiter and manager offer to get me what I had order but I did not feel like waiting another 10-20 min for the plate I had originally order.  I would try it again but this night I left very disappointed that I did not get the food I order.
4	Food is pretty good!! The fideo soup is different and fun for a starter. Plus it's free gotta love that!
5	Food was great service was even better!!! We had a really fun time on my parents 50th wedding!
2	I came here expecting so much.  I've lived in Vegas for years and always heard such great things about this place.  Plus, they're on the 'Best Of' list for years. Wow was I disappointed.  Service was pretty much non-existent - the other reviewer that made the comment about the lack of refil on chips and salsa was accurate.  However, we didn't even get a refill on our water.  The food was pretty tasteless.  My daughter posted a vine about the absent server because it was so obvious.  Now at least I can say I've tried the famous Lindo Michoacan... don't have anything good to say about it. For the price, the quality was sub-standard.   Bloody Mary came in a thick, narrow glass so the content was very small - it was overpriced and under-tasty, too.  I'll stick with Taco Bell for a better Mexican meal.
4	Always a "must eat" whenever we're in Vegas.  This is such a fun place with a menu that you can't go wrong with.  Everything we've eaten here has always been sabroso!  Here are some tips:1) Love the bean dip & Salsa 2) I'm not usually a fan of ordering chicken at restaurants but they have some awesome chicken dishes3) Mango Margarita...yummmService is always fantastic and sometimes they even have live music :)
5	I can't begin to tell you what a great time we had at Lindo Michoacan. The best wait staff you would ever want to serve you and Victor the manager was the greatest, he became our new best friend. The food was as great as the employees I can't say enough good things about this restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	This placed was jammed packed on the weekend! A 30 min wait upon entry but it went by pretty fast. There so much going on and also a mariachi band playing the entire time to keep you entertained.-Soon as you are seated you are greeted with chips, salsa and re-fried beans. We asked for the guacamole and our server came right back and prepared it table side for u. It was some of the best i ever ate!-I had the garlic fish with re-fried beans and rice that come with the entree. You choice of flower or corn tortillas that are homemade. My wife mentioned it was our wedding anniversary, we were surprised with a solo performance from the staff and the ban. They place sombreros on our heads and had a slam a shot of tequila was a good time. Complimentary churros were brought out while they sang to us...Delish!!
2	The service was amazing, but the food was just ok.
4	Years ago this was my absolute favorite Mexican restaurant, and not much has changed. The hostess was very sweet and helpful when I arrived. I was waiting for a friend, and she was very accommodating. Chips, salsa and been dip were brought out quickly. Salsa and bean dip are pretty good. I was mixing them together. I've had better table salsa, but I've also had much worse. I ordered the fish tacos, and they were yummy. I went with fried fish, rather than the grilled, and they were very flavorful. I really liked that the sauce was served on the side... I love extra sauce and they gave me plenty. I also ordered a beer, Tecate, with a salted glass.  FYI for Tecate lovers they have both cans and bottles. The waiter was excellent to me, but a little salty to my friend (luckily I'm the one writing the review) Overall excellent food, great beer (ask for a salted rim-so good), service evens out to pretty good... Mostly because my friend didn't mind the extra salt being thrown his way. I'm so glad this Las Vegas staple is so going strong.
5	If your in Vegas and want to enjoy traditional Mexican food this place is worth the visit.. Sopitos steak Chorizo and the griditos de canaron is worth ordering.
5	This is one of my go to place in Las Vegas.  Any night of the week, the place is packed.  You will be waiting on a Friday and Saturday night.  The table side guacamole is awesome, I get it every time I am there.  The food is more on a traditional Mexican side, not the fancy stuff you get on the strip. If you have a rental car, it is worth the drive. I will go back the next time I am in Vegas, for sure.
3	Looking for a fast and reasonably good lunch option around Desert Inn and Eastern? Lindo should make your short list. They have reasonably priced lunch specials and they are slightly overstaffed which helps to get you in and out pretty fast if you need to get on with your day. I've had my share of experiences with Lindo...look at my previous reviews, it's a love - hate thing. They've messed up my orders. They can't seem to refill the salsa and sometimes the chips. And no not everyone wants fried fish tacos. But sometimes none of that crap matters. You go in and don't have to wait forever to be seated. And you'll don't pay out the nose for what you get. Sometimes...that's all you need. Back up to 3 stars...and removed from a special list.
5	The food here is fantastic and the service is almost military as there are a lot of staff members who all have specific duties and do them well.  Great place for lunch.
5	Whenever, and I mean, whenever I am in Vegas, I visit Lindo Michoacan.Everyone I have recommended is a loyal customer.Let's start with, you can call the restaurant, and as long as you have more than 2 people, they will pick you up and drop you off.Once you enter, it's a nice soft light setting.  I suggest sitting on the side where the one man live entertainment is located, it adds a bit of an ambiance.  Once your seated, you're provided amazing chips, with a refried bean dip as well as a salsa.  Order the Pina Colada, I guarantee you will not be disappointed.I had the Chicken Fajitas, such a plentiful serving and tasteful meal.  I am unsure, but I do believe their tortillas are freshly made.  In the past, I have had their shrimp, which is also delicious.Their service is phenomenal, they have a team of servers that stand by, waiting to help.I can see why they have been voted a top restaurant, they never falter, and in every visit, I am guaranteed great food, time, and experience.  I must recommend you celebrate yours or your family birthday here, YOU WILL NEVER FORGET IT!  I need to end this review, I am becoming hungry and Vegas is far away!
5	We had a party of 30 and the staff was very attentive and did not fail to entertain!
5	Best restaurant, food and service in Las Vegas! We went for lunch and enjoyed it so much that we went back for dinner. The selection of cocktails, appetizers, and entrees is exceptional along with the service from ALL the waitstaff. My favorite part was the "company" cars that give you a complimentary ride back to your hotel on the strip. Great restaurant and definitely will be going back next time I visit Vegas!
3	I've been here many times throughout my pre-yelping days. True and true, the food is awesome, as always. Today , the service was pretty bad. A lot of annoying little mistakes mostly by the seemingly undertrained youngsters on the staff. I could go through the mistakes one by one, but that isn't really necessary. It is simply a matter of finding employees who not only are good at providing good service but truly desire to give good service. The saving grace. Juan Carlos came in and the service level shot through the roof. He must have been on break or something. If all the service personnel offered his level of professionalism, they'd have a world class place here.
5	Service like this isn't matched anywhere else no matter what you're paying. Food is always hot and fresh.
5	Great food and staff. at a very decent price.  Every staff member had a smile on their  face.  Live music on Tuesday night was a nice suprise. Staff gave special attention to our grandson who soaked it all in.  Combine the food, price and staff and this one is hard to beat....in my top five of all time!
4	Very good. Hands down one of the better higher end Mexican food I've had.
4	Food was 4 stars and 5 stars for service.   They were so attentive from the moment we entered the restaurant.  Even when they messed up our margaritas they were quick to fix it and even took one drink off the bill and asked if they could get us anything else.  We took a cab there and when we we getting ready to leave they asked if we'd like to use their shuttle back to the strip.  Overall, I was really amazed how well we were  treated.  I was so impressed by the service I could barely focus on the food but it was good.
5	I think that I have eaten at all the Michoacan locations through out the valley and the original Lindo Michoacan on Desert Inn is by far the best. It is worth the drive. One of best Mexican restaurants in the city. I love their chips, beans, and salsa that they bring when you first sit down. It never fails that I finish every bit. The fresh guacamole that they make at the table is a must!! The taquitos are so fresh (they make their own home made tortillas). My husband got the whole fried talapia, and devoured every bit. Their super burrito is the biggest burrito I have ever seen, it is also delicious! We have been several times and never been disappointed.
5	Went here for Breakfast, had some bloody mary's, it was awesome, the seating is nice, the staff is Awesome and the food is just incredible, this place is a must!!!  We had the Chorizo, Machaca and Carnitas...All Bomb..
5	Very authentic Mexican food. Sorry I can't say what I ate but it was great. The only thing they didn't have was con queso white cheese dip but they did have a great bean dip. Service was fantastic too.
5	Delicious food!!! Wholly, so good. Chicken enchilada verdes, the best!!! Tableside made guacamole, the best ever. The chips, the bean dip. So yummy. We've already book marked this place. I wish I could remember the name of the cab driver that referred us to this place. Thanks:)
5	Best food, best service, best atmosphere - this place has it all.  My family and I go often and are never disappointed.The only Mexican food place we go to  now to get our spice fix!
5	Loved the soup! We haven't had Mexican food this good in a long while
4	First visit, based on stellar reviews. Service was awesome, fast, friendly and efficient. Chips & salsa and complimentary soup came out quickly. We had the Camerones Ranchero (wish it was more than 7 shrimp for 20 bucks, and was a bit overcooked), and the chicken fajitas were a bit greasy. The flavors were great, and so was the Margerita. Would come here again.
5	This is my go-to Mexican food place when in LV. The service is outstanding first of all, they serve Pepsi but have Coke in the original glass bottles of you ask. When they bring you your chips they come with salsa AND beans. The Sopa de Fideo is a little bit of home when I'm on my business travels. My favorite thing to get here is the Al Pastor taco plate with nice cold Michelada.I'm not a huge fan of any of their seafood here, but their original take on the classic steak more than makes up for that. Pretty sure this place has been on TV a few times.Parking kind of sucks during dinner time, thankfully they have a large lot in the back.
5	Amazingly flavorful mexican food..!! Loved the strawberry margarita , bean and spicy salsa dip and fresh hot chips!!For a enchilada non-lover, I am totally converted!! I loved their cheese enchiladas!! So many vegetarian options!! Even their rice n beans don't have chicken stalk. Great portions.Excellent service..Can't wait to come back again!!
3	Pre-Yelp days this used to be our go to spot after work for some margaritas. I don't make it here as much as I used to, as there are several other places in the neighborhood we choose to go now. The food and drinks here seem to be inconsistent. This goes for the other Michoacan properties here in town. I used to frequent the Flamingo/I215 one for happy hour, but the drinks are so hit or miss, we stopped going. I love the chips & salsa and bean dip here, and I used to be a huge fan of the tableside guac, but my last visit, it tasted he put an entire onion in the guac, I couldn't taste anything else. So I started adding stuff to it to doctor it up, salsa, salt, whatever I could. Didn't work. Margaritas are hit or miss. If you get a decent bartender who understands "I don't want triple sec or grand marnier" they can be pretty good, I hate artifical tasting margarita mix. Will I continue to go here? Probably, just stick the usual and don't stray from the chips & salsa & bean dip.
2	It's just not very good, it used to be better but never was really good. I remember when it opened and what a big success it was immediately. I never understood why it was so popular, it's what I call a 10 year restaurant. That's a place where I eat and don't really like the food; then after 10 years of people telling me how good it is, I think maybe I missed something. So I try it again and am reminded why I did not like it the first time, 10 years ago.We ate here again recently because it was open late. The meal was disappointing as usual, nothing was terrible but nothing was good either. We only ate about half of our meals and did not get containers to take the leftovers home. It's kind of pricey also, about $100 for two, definitely not worth the money.Las Vegas is not a great town for Mexican restaurants like LA or San Antonio are; tacos yes but restaurants not so much. There are however two places in this same part of town that are far superior and cheaper than Lindo Michoacan. El Ausente and Hacienda del Rey are much better choices and better values as well.
4	Solid 3.5/5 starsSecond dinner of the night! hahah I just finished my first dinner, and drove over here for my second dinner.Overall, the ambiance is VERY loud on a Wednesday night. It was rather difficult to converse with my friend; there was a huge bday party next to us. We heard the staff sang happy birthday to at least 4 groups while we were there--must be the place to go for bday celebrations!Ordered:1) Guacamole: Hand made right in front of you: 3.5/52) Steak Ranchero: Medium; Cooked to perfection; Actually my expectation was low since it was not from a steakhouse, but overall impressed: 3.5/5Overall, a nice venue to get away from the typical Vegas crowd--lots of locals here.
5	Their carne asada enchiladas are the best I've ever eaten anywhere EVER, their chips & salsa are A+ and their appetizer soup is delicious. I'll be coming here whenever I'm in Vegas for the rest of my life...
1	The weekend menudo was tasteless.  So did the birria de borrego.  not quite understand how Lindo Michoacan can serve meals that bad  Prices are outrageous comparing to other Mexican restaurants.
5	We had a outstanding meal, the Flatas were great, they have several mexican beers to pick from and the people are always nice.   We will be headed back to see them.
2	This place is very meh for me. I went there the other night for the first time and was severely unimpressed with the food. One of my favorite things about going to a Mexican restaurant is the chips and salsa, but was soooooo let down with how bad theirs was. Just a nasty chip with a dark red sauce that you can tell is just chili powder. My GF and I tried several items on two combo plates, and nothing stood out. Just all very mediocre. The one good thing about our experience was the service. The service was amazing. The guys watching our group were on their game, and really impressed us. So if I could, I would give 5 stars for service and 1 star for food. If I could give my rating an over all 2.5 stars I would.
5	Best in town!!
1	The food is not bad.  However, the customer service is horrible.  The wait staff takes too long to deliver your food and drinks.  I have been there on several occasions and have experience the same poor service.
5	So...I do not eat much Mexican food....but this place is excellent. A great variety of menu items above and beyond the usual boring choices you would find anyplace else.Not to mention the amazing service.I might have to start eating Mexican more often....plus I live right around the corner....don't know what took me so long to try this place.
5	This place has the best customer service I have ever experienced. I have been here several time, and the day after New Years I brought my sister to experience this place for herself. She was very amazed with the attentiveness of the waiter. As soon as we got there we received our chips, salsa and beans. All the food keeps getting refilled at half full, the menu is very good. We had four different plates ordered and all of them were delicious. Even though this place is not on the strip it is worth the extra miles to get good authentic Mexican food. Guacamole is made on the spot with all fresh ingredients, the staff makes you feel at home they are super friendly and make you feel at home. Service is fast. Free refills on traditional Mexican drinks (nonalcoholic, of course).  All these things keep us coming back. The flan does have a strong rum flavor and is too sweet for our taste.
5	Delicious food!!Great Service with friendly staff!!Amazing Margarita's!!Fun Atmosphere!!Clean and Quaint!!
5	Great food and great margaritas!  What more could you ask for?
5	Excellent service deserves 5 stars. From opening the door for you to taking away your empty beers and plates right away. Food is deliciously amazing although I've only had the chicken chimichanga lol Found this place on Yelp while craving and searching for Vegas' best michelada to cure my hangover and get me back in the game for the night 0:-) Anyway, you won't be disappointed coming here, the complimentary chips come with bean dip and delicious salsa as well !
4	Supposedly this place is a big deal. Luckily, on a random weekday, there was no wait. The hostess is dressed in a ... errrrr ... festive fashion (I'm glad my hostessing days are over. And never required a uniform.)The menu is extensive. Seriously, any place that has more than five dishes with lengua is a winner in my book. The wait staff was alert and prompt. The food was delicious and of large enough portions so that I had enough for a second meal (did I mention I love leftovers?). The best part, though, was the margaritas. Absolutely delicious and come in two sizes. I got the regular size which already looked huge, but then I had two so maybe I could've pulled off the large size. Though I was admittedly quite drunk after my two margaritas; tequila tends to sneak up on me like that. Their happy birthday is quite festive and involves what appeared to be a mariachi band; I would enjoy bringing someone who is embarrassed by public announcements of their birthday to this place.
5	Place was bomb, second time here. I ordered the machaca and can't complain about anything. All the staff was super friendly!
4	Visited Lindo for lunch today. I hadn't been there in a while but I noticed that their wait staff was much more attentive. Everyone greeted us with a smile and seemed happy to work there. A restaurant can have great food but it's the service that will always get me to come back!
1	This place is the worst. They take reservations and then you arrive and they refuse to honor it and say it's an hour wait for walk ins.
5	My new spot for Mexican food! So good, great service, friendly staff, delicious food!! Recommend to everyone, but must go to this location.
4	Before heading back to L.A we wanted to have lunch and we wanted Mexican food. We didn't want to go to the strip so we found this place thru yelp.. Everything from  the decor to the people that work there is great.. The service is exceptional... Your drink is not even half way when someone is already replacing it.. Food is great, very good portions. They place chips, beans and salsa while ur seating down deciding what to order. We ask for the guacamole n ohh it's fresh n so delicious you can't stop eating it. You got to try this place.. Whenever I'm in Vegas, I will definitely go again.
5	I'm not really a fan of Mexican restaurants being that I'm Mexican and I don't see the point in paying for stuff I grew up eating. This place was definitely an exception. The best thing about this place is the customer service. Everyone is so nice and so attentive. It was my sister's 21st birthday so they sang her a song with guitar and all and even gave her a shot and a churro desert! The food is delicious. As soon as you sit down you are offered chips with beans and salsa. Not only that but they also give you a nice little warm bowl of fideo soup. The food is very fresh and delicous. And the tortillas...OMGSH. They're homemade and soooooo good. I've never been to another restaurant that made hand made tortillas!! They really do treat you like family as soon as you walk in the door. The decor is also very authentic and you can tell the decorations were brought over from Mexico. You really don't find too many restaurants like these anymore.Can't wait to go back.
4	Came here for a late weeknight dinner. Im originally from Cali so my standard for Great Mexican food is very high. The ambiance is very festive & fun. Its a loud place with music and loud conversations so expect it & enjoy!The staff is very attentive for refills but not in your face. (by the time i got half way done writing this.. That changed. Once the large group next to us left we went from attentive service to empty glasses and searching for our server) Now for the good part...THE FOOD: You get seated w chips, salsa, and bean dip (the chips were nice & warm/the salsa had just enough heat)After we ordered... Yummy Soup came!!! I order the steak quesadilla w guac :Idk if i would say the guac was the best in Vegas... It was good. The quesadilla was stuffed with steak & very yummy!!!Hubby ordered Mole poblano:Beans & rice were flavorfulThe perfect Mole!!!!All in All a yummy delicious experience!!! We will be back for more!
5	I've lived in Vegas for over 12 years and this is my favorite mexican.  The food is always fresh, cooked to perfection and very affordable.  I've never been there and not been happy.  Their homemade salsa and chips start you off and then it's a wonderful experience.
5	I love Mexican food and this place is the bomb!  Went in a party of five.  Everyone got something different and everyone loved their meal.  Best Mexican food I've had anywhere.  The service was excellent - friendly and helpful.  The price of our meal came out to less than what we paid for our hotel's crap dinner buffet and was of far better quality.  It's worth traveling off the strip for that's for sure.
5	One of the best Mexican restaurants in Southern Nevada, Authentic great tasting Mexican Cuisine
3	The service is great, guacamole was good, tried a mango margarita which is also good.  I had a wet carnitas burrito which wasn't amazing but not bad, I'd come back if friends wanted to.
5	This place is awesome. Our waiter Christian was great. The guac is made table side and is beyond good. I ordered tacos de carne asada and was blown away. Everything came out above and beyond what we thought and we were very happy with the meal. Will definitely come back the next time in Vegas.
4	If you want super authentic street style Mexican go to El Gordos. If you want sitdown, there's nowhere like michoacan in Vegas. Granted they have gotten somewhat pricy which is why I give them only 4 stars.
5	I am always looking for a good place to take relatives from out of town. Somewhere that is only in Vegas and not a chain. My Cousin was visiting from out of town and we went here on a Friday for lunch. The parking lot was very full so I was worried there would be a long wait. We were greeted at the door and immediately seated. We were given chips, salsa and bean dip right away. They were nice and fresh. Our drink orders were taken and delivered and our food came out really fast! I had the lunch enchilada special. It was very tasty. The service and food were excellent! I will definitely come back!
5	I seen this restaurant in the travel channel and was curious to try.  The food was great! the service was friendly and quick I will visit this place again and again.  Loved it!
4	Pedi una platillo de chuletas con salsa d asiote q savia a puro vinagre con chile pero le comente al mesero y me sugerio ponerle salsa verde la verdad me lo soluciono la verdad ESA salsa Roja  fuera lo q Es la comida d bonito michoacan
4	wow...came on Friday during happy hour...highly recommend this restaurant...thumbs up for the ambiance, friendly and attentive staff, delicious food and 2 for 1 awesome margaritas!we will definitely return!
5	There is not a bad item on the menu.  Tonite tried the gorditas de camarones very good, loaded with baby shrimp.  Mariachi band was great!
4	I saw all the great reviews on Yelp...was looking for some Mexican food and I was closer to the East Side of Vegas....so I thought I'd stop by give it a whirl...This place was packed at about 1:00PM on a Sunday...Families with huge tables...small tables etc....I've got to admit they had the BEST DAMN Taquitos I've ever had in my life!Our server even gave me some Sopitos because I was asking about them.The portions are pretty big...it's not your hole in the wall Mexican place where prices are cheap though....but definitely worth giving a whirl if you are looking for some good Mexican food in the areaService was a bit slow but they were very apologetic even without us complaining....I'm not sure if soup is normally free but they gave us some soup as well.They give chips with salsa like most Mexican restaurants but also bean dip along with it.
5	Actually I haven't visited yet, but packed parking lot this Saturday afternoon means I'll return soon!
5	My family was craving authentic Mexican food, I have lived in Las Vegas for about 5 years, always passed by this place and shame on me for not stopping!! When we walked in, my family was greeted right away. Seated, chips red salsa and refried beans. I'm not a fan of red salsa so I asked if they had green salsa. OMG it was heaven!! Absolutely delicious!! They have 36 lunch specials that include a soft drink at reasonable prices. My 2 kids received fideo soup, very nice jester to keep the kids from screaming or crying before their food comes out. I had the carnitas when I tell you they melt in your mouth, they really melt in your mouth!! Incredible flavor!! My hunny had the 2 item cheese quesadilla and shredded beef taco. He gave me a bite. It was delicious! In the back in the middle section there is a lady handmaking tortillas, I wanted to kiss her...lol they were that good! Will definitely be back and spread the word about this wonderful place!!
5	I love this place!  Yum, yum, yum!  Salsa:  yum, Chips: yum. I had two cheese enchiladas, 1 red, 1 green - with rice. I loved every bit of it. Plus, had a sopailla for the first time. It was delicious. A+. Good find Vaughn.
5	Amazing!  Went here for a wedding banquet celebration and it was just utterly amazing. The camarones rancheros I ordered were extremely delicious. Would want to come here again, it had a legitimate Mexican atmosphere. Not to mention cute waiters! ;)
4	Great food and great service. My wife and I ate here last year and made sure to come back on this trip. We had dinner with our niece and her family. I ordered the Steak Ranchero and my wife ordered the nachos appetizer. My wife forgot jst how much food they give u. Even with an appetizer. She couldn't eat half of it. My Steak Ranchero was so good. Some one here knows how to do a steak. It was tender and juicy. As usual when we have eaten here in the past we were stuffed. If ur in the Las Vegas area. Get off the strip and eat here!
3	While the food was excellent, and our booth was comfortable, there were some significant problems on my first visit here.  Limey Guacamole made tableside to order of spice, tomatoes, onions, and cilantro tasted very good, along with homemade tortilla chips, hot salsa, and a mild Bean Dip.  Fideo Soup was different and interesting: tomato based but not noticeably so, with delicate thin and short noodles.Water refills came slowly, and had to be requested.  But, far worse, food was really long in coming.  We were told "the food's on the way" and "It should be here soon!"  But it really wasn't.  In fact, my party of four was seated at 6:30 p.m.; we ordered the main meal at 7:00 p.m.; and, other than guacamole and soup, no food arrived until 57 minutes later.  A friend's shrimp dish was requested to be avocado free, but her order of a Mexican Omelet included sliced avocados,  The manager did take items off the bill, but I would much rather had my order timely served.Diane enjoyed her Shrimp Quesadilla, and I really liked my #12 Combo.  So, because the quality and taste of the food were so good here, I will make a return trip, and hope that the timeliness and efficiency of cooking and serving both improve.
5	Awesome Mexican food! Went to Lindo Michoacan on a trip to Las Vegas last week. Started with guacamole, then got the Al Pastor taco plate. Delicious and authentic, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good Mexican food in Las Vegas.
3	Food was decent. Some items were better than others. Milanesa was a little soggy and bland. The cheese in the enchiladas wasn't melted all the way. Guacamole was delicious and made to order at the table. Steak and lobster was also very well-prepared. The sauce that was used for the birria was a little over-whelming, but the meat was very tender and flavorful. Our server, Erick, was excellent. Very friendly, welcoming, and attentive. Overall, I would eat here again.
4	The chips and salsa were very good and the guacamole which is made fresh at the table was excellent. The atmosphere is great and the service was impeccable!
5	After being unimpressed with the reviews of the strip Mexican places we decided to cab it out here (a mile or so) and glad we did. Great food, and didn't feel like a Vegas chain but more like some of the family restaurants out this way in California. The traditional mole sauce was killer. Waiter made the guacamole right at the table, adding jalepenos to suit the requested amount of hotness (lots). Excellent, attentive service. One of the better choices for Mexican in Vegas.
2	The food here is fairly tasty and the service is good.  Mainly, I lowered the rating because of the ridiculous pricing.  I am from a border town in Texas where just about anything on Lindo's menu would sell for $12 or less.  A plate of chile Verde shouldn't be 20$.  We aren't on the strip and there is no valet parking.  The only way I would consider going back is for lunch, where many of their plates are nearly half price.  The portions aren't extraordinary either.  If you're a tourist from the midwest and Mexican food is scarce, you will love this place.  Personally I'd go across the street to the restaurant in the La Bonita grocery store and stop by the bakery on the way out.
5	Everything about this place is great! The ambiance, the margaritas, and definitely the food. It's always hard to decide, but I've never been let down. Tableside guacamole is Amazingly fresh and you're never ignored by the busser or server, there's always someone to give you more chips...which disappear quickly. This is also a great place to go for a birthday because who doesn't like a sombrero and tequila shot for their birthday!!!
3	Found a new Mexican place I wanted to try last night, pulled up to the door an hour before close, chairs were already on the tables, employees sweeping the floor by the front door. So, away we went.After a disappointing experience at one of the other Michoacan restaurants in town, we figured, why not give the original a try?We were greeted and seated immediately, had our drink order taken right away, and chips were delivered promptly. So far, so good!Checking out the menu, it wasn't sticker shock, per se - however, it was disappointing seeing how pricy the food was. If it is good though, it's worth it.Deciding on our food, we ordered and watched the playoff game while we waited. Food came out in a reasonable amount of time, the true test was about to begin.Cutting into the enchilada, it was melted cheese all over. +Tasting the enchilada, not super disappointed, but not wowed.The taco was good, a little lacking on meat, a little more lettuce and a pile of cheese.Unfortunately, when I ordered my meal with no beans, they still put beans on my tostada, so, I paid nearly $14 for an enchilada, taco and rice. Sadly, this is not much more than had I ordered a la carte. $4.25 for a cheese enchilada or $4.50 for a chicken enchilada?!If friends want to go here, we'll go again, on our own though... not sure it's worth the money.
5	This restaurant was beyond amazing!!  The service and, the ambience was unsurpassed!!!  The food was delicious and very authentic which is hard to find in Vegas.  We are a Mexican family so we definitely appreciated the amazing food.  We had a very large group of 22 people and were celebrating two birthdays.  Noe, the manager greeted us once we arrived and made sure that we were taken care.  Our waiters, Christian and Angel were extremely attentive and their service was efficient and prompt. To celebrate my nieces birthday, the mariachis serenaded my niece with a couple of songs, and the servers also came to sing happy birthday and gave her a special birthday drink.  I can not say more about this restaurant, it was just such a memorable experience for our family!  I'm just sad that there aren't any Lindo Michoacan's in Los Angeles.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas and go back to Lindo Michoacan! :)
2	I was very disappointed with this place after reading all of the reviews. The fist thing was that the floors were greasy and slippery. We had to hold on to the chairs so we didn't fall. The staff there didn't seem to mind the slickness. The second thing was the food was over cooked and mine was burnt. The service was good, The margaritas were also good. But I will never return there.
3	Great restaurant pretty large portions got three very stuffed tacos for about $14. We also ordered the table guacamole where some guy made guacamole right in front of our table! The service was fast also. And the tacos Tasted good.
5	This place is the absolute best! My husband and I had a destination wedding at the Mirage on a Thursday and we were looking for a location to have a lunch for our guest of about 70 people the next day. We didn't have a huge budget so having something on the strip was out of the question.  We asked a sever at another restaurant where the best Mexican food in Vegas was and he suggested this place. We couldn't agree with him more. Stephanie who we worked with for about a year delivered on everything we talked about over the phone. She was absolutely amazing! We had our spin to a traditional wedding reception on a Friday from 2-5pm during the lunch period and our guest selected 1 of 4  lunch items that we pre-selected that came with rice, beans, salad or soup, and a soft drink.  Stephanie was nice enough to create the specialized menu with our names on it. It was also happy hour so the drinks were half off. The food during the lunch period is very affordable.When we arrived at the restaurant they reserved the entire back area for us. The customer service was absolutely out of this world. They had several servers helping us. They also sang a happy wedding song to us, put sombrero's on our head, gave us a shot of tequila and had us eat churro. It was the cutest thing. If you are having a destination wedding in Vegas and not looking to do the traditional reception thing I would highly suggest having your guest meet at the Lindo during lunch for a great time. Important tad bit of information:1. They have a free shuttle service that will take you back to the strip. If you decide to take the city bus it will let you out right in front of the restaurant.
4	Great place to go for a birthday. They bring out a crew of employees as well as a musician with a guitar, and hand you a shot of tequila. The toreados with guacamole are amazing. We started off with some oysters as an appetizer and to my delight they came topped with ceviche. Good service and very friendly employees. Bar has a crazy amount of different tequilas.
5	ABSOLUTELY LOVE this place. First time here and I was very satisfied!  The food was delicious! The people are very nice & friendly! Can't forget the birthday shot  I will definitely like to come back!
3	This place was the go to place when we moved here ten years ago.  We ate there once and it was good.  Nothing wrong with it, but we have never eaten here again.
4	Staff very attentive and friendly. Had the ensalada supreme, with chicken. All was fresh and tasty.  Only complaint: it was a lot more chicken than salad, but considering the opposite often happens at other places, I guess that's not much of a complaint.
5	We were in Vegas for my friends Bachelor party last weekend and we went here for Mexican food based on reviews here ...let me tell you guys something I have traveled the world and been in many nice restaurants in my life , as far as service I have never been to a better place than this one .The service was more than amazing .The food was fresh and delicious and on par with the top Mexican food I have had .The inside decor is great and easy on the eyes .If I could give them 10 stars I would . Great place
5	This was my first visit to any Lindo Michoacan and I can't believe it hasn't been sooner. Authentic Mexican food is awesome, but I didn't realize they also have mariachis. Did I mention that I love mariachis? And they were not crappy ones either. But anyway I came here for dinner and drinks with some coworkers. They had mango margaritas which were tasty (and I don't even like mango) and I had a watermelon margarita which was very good. I could hardly choose what to get but settled on the Steak Ranchera (about $20) and it was delicious. They also bring you chips and salsa of course which were good but the little cup of sopa de fideo they bring before your entree was friggin amazing. I need to figure out how to make it like that cuz it was the bomb, I could just have a big bowl of that in the winter, with some tortillas.... mmmm. I ate til I was stuffed and had enough steak and rice and beans left for lunch the next day. Also my coworkers told me that they have $5 margaritas for happy hour? Regardless I need to come more often for mariachis and delicious generous food.
5	Holy cow! We were looking for a good Mexican restaurant in the Las Vegas area, and after researching Yelp, found this place. It was AMAZING! Very impressed. It's clean, fresh, tasty and has fantastic service. Recommend A+++!
2	I feel like everyone goes nuts for this place. But I don't really see why. It's over-priced mediocre food that you can get at a more charming mom & pop business that's less expensive and with better quality. The Good:-fried ice cream-giant sombrero that they make you wear while they sing the happy birthday song-the shot of tequila that they slam on the table after they sing to you (better drink that sucker fast!)-the soup that you get at the beginning of each meal (which is a little bit of a stretch putting it in the 'good' category since I think it's a little too salty)The Bad:-over hyped salty food-prices
5	i would give 10 stars!!, SO delicious!, i brought my uncles, they were in town, from Florida, they were expecting me to take them to a nice place, to have a good lunch and i always heard about this restaurant but i never tried it before, it was my best first time trying it, beautiful place, a lot of parking, delicious food, beautiful waitresses!
4	I like this spot. I liked the staff, atmosphere and food. We were in a big hurry and explained this to the waiter, and they brought our food out super quick! They staff was extremely attentive and friendly. We ordered the guacamole, which they make fresh right at your table.  It was very good. Then I orders the steak fajitas.  They were decent, but I've had better. They did however put grilled tomatoes in with the meat, peppers and onions, which I liked. They also have amazing fresh flour tortillas that really helped bring up the flavor in the fajita. If only I wasn't driving, I would have been able to rate the margaritas for you too. Overall, I really did like the place. I would definitely come back here again.
5	This place never disappoints for amazing Mexican dishes. Attentive wait staff, great atmosphere, delicious margaritas and tasty food. Don't miss this place!!
5	Excellent!  Great service and food!  It's hard to find a true Mexican restaurant.  This is my new favorite restaurant.
4	One of the best places in Vegas! I'm so happy that we came here!We ordered the guacamole, and it was made table side. It was amazing. Super fresh and flavor-filled. I appreciate how we could request the spicy level. Not knowing many authentic Mexican dishes, I ordered chicken fajita. I was kind of bummed because I generally don't like fajitas, but I was wrong! This fajita was the best I ever had, and I'm so glad I got it! The chicken was so good that I could eat it by itself. The meal came with rice, refried beans, sour cream and guacamole. The tortillas are also made fresh. All perfect with my meal. Big enough to feed two small ladies like myself; in retrospect, I should have shared it.I forgot what the dessert we ordered was called, but it was basically vanilla ice cream covered in crunchy flakes, caramel, and cinnamon. It was covered in rum and then lit on fire in ordered for it to caramelize. Very strong rum flavor, so don't get it if you don't like alcohol. If I ever come back to Vegas, I definitely will come back here. Highly recommended!
5	Every time I come to Vegas we always stop here for dinner and it never disappoints! The service was fantastic! The atmosphere was great! When we went they also had a gentlemen offering live music which enhanced our time there. The food is AMAZING! Also, I would recommend having guacamole they make right in front of you! Probably the best Mexican restaurant I have EVER been to! The margaritas are on point! The pricing is also reasonable.. You get what you pay for. I have nothing negative to say about the time I have spent here.
2	Pro- service was promptCon- food was not my favorite. I really wanted to like this place. I read reviews and was ready to be wowed. The food was bland.
5	The customer service was beyond excellent, top notch service I have ever received. Food was excellent.  Definitely worth coming back.
4	We went to the one on E Desert Inn Rd., let me start by saying the food is awesome and the portions are plentiful!  The cheese they use in their food is so good,  the enchiladas were amazing and I'm sure it was the cheese! The chips and salsa are also super good, they give a bean dip along with the salsa which is equally delish! The only things that  I would complain about are the margaritas and our server. Starting with the server, he was really short with us and very unfriendly. The other staff members were so friendly though, so it wasn't such a problem as it could have been. The margaritas were terrible, they tasted like a glass of sweet and sour, literally the tequila was unnoticeable. With that said, I can handle dinner without a margarita and an unfriendly waiter as long as the food always tastes this yummy!
4	Great for some upscale Mexican. Not a taco joint.
4	Food and drink are great!  Authentic menu and ingredients with plenty of options for even picky eaters.  Large portions, I always end up splitting plates.  Top-shelf spirits and service.  Our waiter has even helped us out to the car because he saw we had a baby!  The only ding this place gets is the birthday mariachi.  With a baby in tow this really should not be the place to go if you want peace and quiet.  It's very close quarters and you will know if there is a birthday, or anniversary, or any other event in the house (and there usually are about two or three!).
5	Wow!  I was in Vegas for a conference at the Hilton and looking for a good place to eat because the casino food was horrible and expensive.  A friend recommended this place.  He also recommended the guacamole that was made at the table. Wow again, the guacamole was amazing!  There were 4 of us and we each had a different item for the main course, each one was delicious.  Can't wait to go back!  The margaritas aren't bad either.. :-)
5	Great service, great prices, and awesome food. Handmade tortillas are bomb!! Being from phoenix and favoring the more "hole in the wall" authentic Mexican food, this place was a highlight of our Vegas trip. Real quick off the 515 too. Great tasting food and tons of choices!!
4	This expansive restaurant offers an authentic Mexican experience. It's traditionally decorated, with many tables and low-lit booths for romantic dining. Though if you're planning lots of convo with your lover, request a seat toward the back, because a mariachi band plays live music. Better yet, stop yapping and listen while kicking back with a cocktail because the band kicks ass! These are pros, folks, playing violins, trumpet, guitars--super tight, with festive songs and beautiful singing for the ballads. The service was attentive, efficient, and friendly; waitstaff never far. The food is just right for the price point. I had a steak enchilada with the house mole, dark and rich, with subtle layers of cocoa, nuts and spice ($15.95) My date had Gallo al Conac ($16.95). Don't know how it was made but he was swooning over it. The house margarita is $9 each. We paid $4 more apiece for the jumbo (make it a double!). Fried ice-cream, aka Lindo Flameado ($8.25), was the logical and delicious choice for dessert. We were celebrating my friend's birthday on a Friday night, so it was the perfect fiery and fantastic ending to our meal. He blew out the flames shortly after dessert arrived and made a wish. He didn't let the liquor burn off on its own, so a very rummy spoonful was his reward, lol!
5	Never disappoints! Been here several times and every time we leave happy. Margaritas were great. Loved the Chile relleno. Chips are perfect. Brought a friend and he bragged so much his girlfriend was jealous she didn't come with us. Will keep coming back! Might try Henderson location next time just to mix it up!
5	Best Mexican food in. Vegas bar none. They authentic and the table side guacamole is excellent. They have a few dishes in this restaurant that I have only seen in Mexico. I would recommend either of their mole selections because both are excellent, but my absolute favorite is the Tia Esther chicken plate. It's a little spicy but it's amazing. Be careful not to fill up on chips
5	This is our favorite Mexican restaurant when I visit Las Vegas! The margarita are fantastic ! The service is great ! If your staying on the strip you are missing a Las Vegas highlight!
5	The original Lindo Michoacan! Although I've only ate at this location, I've heard you can't eat at any other location but this one. It does not compare.This place is uhhmaaazing. Hands down, the best shrimp ceviche in town. It has the perfect amount of lime juice in it. The perfect amount of shrimp. No one else compares!I love how when you order guacamole they make is fresh. So fresh that they make it right in front of you. And let me tell you, one of the best guacamoles I have ever tasted. When they make it, they make plenty. I had to actually take it to go. And the day after guac taste just as good!They also always bring out a cup of their soup. Very simple but very tasteful. When going to a mexican restaurant you always have to order a Margarita! I got a Mango Margarita. It was so good. They put lucas on the ring of the cup. Bomb.Service was good. Nothing to complain about. Great place to get my mexican fix.
1	Highly recommended but truly disappointed. Staff is friendly. Order was wrong. They did offer free desert. That was good. Flan!  Too pricy. Will not recommend and will not return. Sorry!
4	I've been visiting this restaurant for over 35 years. Still run by the same family (second generation). The cuisine has always been wonderful. Service? It's like being served by .... Guess what? ...... family. Of all of the Mexican Restaurants in Las Vegas (and there are many) I'd rate this one now Number One. Our ultimate favorite (Vega's Cafe) closed its doors a few years ago.
4	Everytime we visit Vegas we fill up here. Great cure for a hangover, aguachiles, michelada, and oysters. Everything is so good and taste so fresh. Maybe its the booze but I am always impressed with their food, service, and authenticity. It's off the strip but most cab drivers know it. They also offer you free transportation back to your hotel if it is available!!
4	The Original Lindo Michoacan...What can I say, the food is authentic Mexican, with wonderful service. Our table was cleared and ready for the next customer before we had even paid our bill during our most recent visit. The busser kept our ice tea glasses so full I ran out of Splenda trying to keep mine sweet. I may sound like I am complaining or being pissy but I really am not. The food here truly is good. I have never had a bad meal and the service is always spot on, but they are so focused on turning over the tables they forget that their customers might like to take longer than thirty minutes to eat dinner. The roving band of musicians can be loud and annoying but it is meant to add to the authenticity. Since I have never been to Mexico I cannot say if the locals wander around singing while people eat or not. I had Chicken Enchilada with Mole and my husband had the Coke-Cola Carnitas, I believe. Mine was good. But as usual, his was great. I love that Coke-Cola sauce. It is delicious. The table side guacamole is always a winner, but I prefer my chips to be lighter so while they do a great good I tend not to order it here. If you enjoy the free basket they start you off with, go for the guacamole. The Original is just what it says...and there is a reason it has won so many Best of Las Vegas awards. so check it out.
3	Awesome atmosphere and very friendly and courteous staff. The food is good and serves decent portions. I do think that the food is overpriced, it's mostly beans and rice on the plate and a portion of your choosing (i.e shrimp, steak, or chicken). The fact that it's mostly beans and rice on the plate is always what gets to me when it comes to the pricing. Also the steak usually has a lot of fat on it and the shrimp is always extremely over cooked which makes it chewy and rubbery.
3	Oh Nevada and their lack of Mexican food. We had to travel so much to get here but it was well worth it. The reception for my grandparent's vow renewal was held in this beautiful restaurant. I really enjoyed the view of Nevada as we sat next to the huge windows and the service was A-OK. I ordered some shrimp in a sauce of green roasted chili. It was very delicious! I sampled a few other plates as well. I tried the Camarones a la Diabla and they were not spicy at all. It was a disappointment. If you want spicy shrimp these are not it.I also sampled the Ensalada Marinera (Marine Salad) and boy oh boy! I wish I wouldve gotten this instead. It was very delicious and filling! Next time I am ordering one of those bad boys. The red rice was alright, nothing compared to home-made, and the fried beans taste like canned beans. Sorry.However, those two didnt damp the mood for the rest of this wonderful restaurant. Their torillas were hand-made, their chips and salsa were divine and their fideo soup was delish! I would definitely visit this place again but I dont think I will, it's too far from the strip.
4	I organized a no-host dinner here in June 2014.  They were very accommodating over the phone, taking my reservation for 25 and not hesitating when I called a few days later increasing it to 35.  What they didn't tell me was that they wouldn't have all of the tables ready at our reservation time.  We had one large table in the middle of a room but it wasn't big enough for all of our guests.  People had to stand around and wait until diners finished and their tables/booths became available.  It was a casual group so people took it in stride, but it was a bit stressful for me as the organizer until everyone had a seat.The wait staff was very efficient and made sure they had a drink and dinner order for every guest.  This was more difficult than you would imagine as we had people up and about, visiting with people at other tables.  I heard nothing but compliments about all of the entrees ordered and I know that my mole was quite delicious.One more comment about the restaurant -- it is quite loud.  Between all of the conversations and the wandering mariachi band, you have to raise your voice to have a conversation.  This is not good or bad -- the place is quite festive.  But if you are looking for something more subdued then this isn't the place for you.Overall we really enjoyed this restaurant and I would not hesitate to recommend it to people going to visit Vegas.
3	The food is ok. I've had better. Good customer service.   Don't order the Agua de Tamarindo. It is watered down and looks like iced tea. It doesn't taste like tamarindo at all.  The chips, salsa and bean dip they bring you when you first sit down are good. I ordered the huevos con nopalitos. They were a little bland. The rice was good.
3	We came here based on all the favorable yelp reviews, the restaurant must have had a bad day because all of our dishes were less than average in terms of taste and quality.  The service was good and the atmosphere pleasant.  The food however just did not have that wow factor but it did have value (lunch menu).  I imagine that dinner there with musical entertainment can be special, their walls have some impressive photos of VIPs.
4	When asked about a good Mexican restaurant in town, our friend immediately recommended the original Lindo Michoacan. He sited it as authentic and the most noted in Vegas. We enjoyed the atmosphere and wide variety on the menu. We were thrilled to learn it was happy hour (at 3pm), margaritas and beer were only half price, and that the lunch menu was still going. Half the menu had English translations and half did not but our server was very good at explaining the unique parts of each dish and we had a hard time deciding!We appreciated that the flavors were rich and dishes somewhat unique from other Mexican popular restaurants. I felt like something fresh so ordered the fish tacos (unoriginal, I know). The fish was high quality, grilled (I had the choice of that or fried), and very juicy! The sauces were also yummy and different than others I've had.My friends got the Pescado Ajillo (garlic fish) and Beef in Chili Sauce and found both to be unique. The garlic in the fish sauce was a little burnt tasting. The beef was lean and served in hearty portion.The margaritas we tried were delicious and my friend really enjoyed the spicy rim on his michelada! Another best were the fresh, hot, handmade corn tortillas we were served straight from the oven!Our bill for 3 people for hearty lunch and drinks was $50 and we were happy with the quality and taste.
5	Received great service for my entire family, loved the atmosphere and the staff. They were very attentive and the drinks and food were delicious. Definitely will come back next time I am in Vegas.
1	Never again!  I had two margaritas.  The first was a banana margarita that had no flavor.  The second was a coconut margarita that had three live, decorative ants.  Of course, I did not drink it.  The chilaquiles were made with tortilla strips!!!  Worst of all, the food was nearly flavorless.  The restaurant itself is decorated nicely and the staff are friendly.  After confirming the ants in my drink, management comped my meal.  Never again will I set foot on this place.
5	So impressed with this place. Dinner was so good the first visit that my husband and I came back the next morning for breakfast. Visited again recently, and everything was perfect from the food to the service. It's not often you find restaurants like this one, highly HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! :)
4	It is a pretty authentic place. It's good that it is around the corner from my house. The serving staff is great, the food is good as well. The owner and the managers are always around, which is most likely why the service is soo good. My favorite is the Carnitas al la Coca Cola. It has a sweet and smokey favor to it. Will we go back? Hey, it is around the corner from my house, of course we will.
3	Tried this one too and the food wasn't bad, but I've had better.  Ambience is nice but the food is not something I'd wait for again.
5	One of The best restaurant in Vegas! Great Mexican food excellent services!Love this place! I will go again! Yummy!!
5	The service is always quick, the staff is amazing and the food is by far the best in Vegas. Wish they would move a location to SoCal.
4	Best Mexican food in Vegas!! The soup that they start you off with is so tasty I loved it! We also tried the freshly made guacamole with chips and WOW! I had to have the  camarones borrachos (drunk shrimp) and they were great!! We are definitely coming back for more.
4	Yum! Food is fantastic! View looking at the strip is beautiful. Guacamole is fresh and flavorful. If you're in Vegas, make the effort to find this place it's well worth the money. The only thing I didn't like was the salsa that comes with your chips. It's on the bitter side.
4	I came here with a friend who was in town visiting. We wanted good Mexican food after we read a few reviews we opted for this place. Upon arrival the place looked packed and walking up we were almost sure we'd have at least a 45min wait, if not longer. Maybe we were lucky but as soon as we came in we had a table available to us and we didn't feel crammed with all the people around. It was comfortable, our servers were really nice and the food was quick! And not in a bad way. We ordered a beer and a margarita and they were both good. Our server brought out a frozen glass for the beer too..even better! We both agreed we'd come back and that it was a cool place.
4	Always on my list when I hit Vegas, the food is really good, along with the service, Some times the live music is better than the rest but a real bonus.. Funny how may local Mexican looking ( to be PC) eat here, always nice to see it`s just not another tourist trap.a double Kudos for some really good mexi food and a great atmosphere..
5	Wow. Food is a 5. Service is a 5. Ambiance and atmosphere is a 5. Hands down the best Mexican food I've had. You feel like your in a old Mexican restraint, in Mexico. Service is non stop. Someone is always tending to your needs. Wow.
5	Love this place! Go here and expect lots of happy noise of people enjoying themselves. Fast serve, friendly staff and family atmosphere.  Food is outstanding.  You prob have to wait for your table average about 15-30 minutes. But no worries your not in a hurry, have drink and relax
1	Great restaurant but you may as, well skip the shuttle service.This year like last the driver was late.  So late we had to bag.  I even went to the effort to call the restaurant to confirm my reservation and the shuttle well before our time.  Not sure I will be going back.  On a positive note the drivers are consistent.   Consistently late.
5	Best Mexican food I have had in a very long time! Everything we ordered was great and cooked right. It was so authentic and tasted very home made. Coming from CA we have eaten at many Mexican restaurants and I can honestly say this is by far our favorite and its not even in Cali. It even beats a couple of places we tried in San Diego. If I start reviewing each and everything we ordered this review will easily turn into a novel because I have nothing but great things to say about everything and no one will read it because its too long, so i'll just say go there and try it out yourself. You wont be disappointed. The food speaks for itself!
5	Some of the best Mexican food we have had anywhere(including Mexico). The queso fundido is fantastic! Flour and corn tortillas are fresh and the dishes we tried were good. Service was excellent. We will be coming back!
4	Friendly Staff, Courteous Service.  Very tasty food clean atmosphere.  Definitely a must while visiting Vegas. Another great ammenity the restaurant provides free shuttle service to and from hotel. My first time at the restaurant great experience.
5	This place is absolutely amazing. Every time I visit Las Vegas, this is a restaurant I must go to. Everything I've had there has been delicious. They are usually pretty packed, but I've never had to wait very long and their customer service is excellent.
5	What a fantastic place to enjoy a meal. We started with the steak and chicken nachos and finished by splitting the shrimp fajitas. It was all great. And the service was top notch as well. I would not only recommend this place.  I will be back every time I'm in Vegas.
5	LOVE everything about this place from their bean dip, salsa to their entrees!  Don't forget to get the Cadillac Margarita!
5	Best Mexican food anywhere in the country and I grew up in Texas and have traveled everywhere!  Fabulous! Worth the drive!
4	Service was excellent. Menu is enormous. Enjoyed two burritos, one chicken and one beef, very tasty!  Would return for a second try...why not, they had a lie mariachi band!!  Great place!!
5	Nice servers Clean business Free chips with bean and salsa And then bring a bowl of soup Nice culture decor Great food
4	My husband & I were staying at the golden nugget down town Las Vegas & we were craving Mexican food but not sure where to go. I read the reviews & sounded great so we decided to give it a try. The staff very friendly, great food ,mango margarita really good, carnitas burrito/fajitas was so full of flavor, my husband loved it! Nothing bad to say about this place at all, to bad we didn't live closer we would definatly be back soon!!! Highly recommended
4	I went here because I wanted Mexican eats after my haircut east of the strip.  This restaurant has won the best of Las Vegas award for best Mexican restaurant in town numerous years (it's advertised proudly on their entrance).  Sweet, looks like a winner.  Friendly servers, large restaurant, lots of employees so you're never without.  (I think there was a separate beverage guy and chips/salsa guy).  They start you off with a soup of some sort.  Good but rather simple.  Chips were good, salsa not hot, bean dip meh.  Wife had the standby chimichanga, and she was pleased.  Carnitas were good.  My kid's beef taco was nothing more than a shell and beef (not ground).  No lettuce, cheese, nothing.  My kid was okay with that though, but I thought it was strange.  My other daughter's chicken burrito was just as dry and boring as well.  Prices were a little steep, but it was pretty busy (no wait though), and based on the awards they got I would charge more too.  It's a safe bet for Mexican sit-down (nice booths, friendly staff, even a singer), especially for non-Spanish speakers and families.  If you're willing to gamble, there surely must be better hole-in-the-wall types of places around.
4	Delicious food - i ordered the cheese enchiladas verdes. Yumm!! We had a party of 30 - staff was friendly and attentive. The mariachi group was really good!
5	Our best meal during 3.5 days in Las Vegas!  Atmosphere, service and food were all fantastic when our group of 5 visited last Thursday.  I could tell it was going to be a delicious dinner when the chips and salsa came out.  Also, the bean dip served with the chips was wonderful.  Not sure if this is a local thing, but bean dip is not typically served automatically at our Mexican restaurants.  We also ordered guacamole and the shrimp ceviche, and after the appetizers I was so full I could have skipped dinner.  But I didn't.  I had the carnitas coca cola, which was a nice twist on a pork entree.  The marinade was just slightly sweeter than I prefer, but it was very good.  Entree portions are huge - my boyfriend and I wished we had split because neither of us finished our dinners.  Friends ordered the goat stew, steak with green chiles and another order of the carnitas specialty and everyone loved their meals.  We filled the table with food and drinks, everyone left full and the best part of all was the total for the meal was about half what we spent on other dinners in Las Vegas.We didn't know about the free shuttle to and from the Strip, so we came in a cab and then used the shuttle to go back to our hotel.  What a great bonus to an already wonderful meal!
4	A friend from work highly recommended this place and you know what, he was right.  Original Lindo Michoacan was fantastic!  Our waiter quickly brought our drinks and some complimentary hot chips, salsa and bean dip while we looked over the menu.  Now while I could have gotten full just eating those wonderfully hot chips and dip, I had to stop myself from eating them all up so I could save room for all the other food we ordered.  We went with the Queso Fundido with Chorizo, the Enchilada Tarasca and some Carnitas a la Mexicana.  Omg the food was glorious!  Super flavorful, filling and tasty.  I only wish I could have eaten more.  The Queso Fundido was the most deliciously gooey combination of cheese and spices.  I wish every day I could eat me some of that cheesy goodness.  And yes I do love cheese that much.  Then my lunch special that included an enchilada filled with cheese, beef and chicken ... drool worthy.  Everything and I do mean everything I tasted was delicious.  In fact I was only planning on eating half of my food and taking the other half to go to eat later, but that didn't happen.  The food here was just too good.  My friend, who is a pretty picky Mexican food lover, absolutely devoured all of his as well.  We both thouroughly enjoyed eating here. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Las Vegas.
2	This place used to be so good, it has become a touristy move the table place. Food wasn't even hot, temperature wise
5	If you are in Vegas you need to come here for the best Mexican food and the service is excellent prices are very affordable and food delicious
5	Love this place! Fun to take the family, great food for a great price.  Wonderful atmosphere.  My favorite mexican restaurant in vegas.
5	Their ceviche is to die for along with their tableside guacamole service. Love this place...
5	Went there Sunday night for Dinner with my Children.  Not a native of Las Vegas, Live in LA.  But I will tell you the food, the drinks, the ambiance, and the entertainment were beyond great.  I have a favorite in LA and this trumped it.  The home made tortillas were great.  The beans were like my mother use to make.  Recommended for the hispanic who misses Mexican food.
2	The meal itself was very disappointing. I had the carnitas and they where not good at all, they lacked flavor and weren't very tender. The horchata was also very bland and I couldn't even finish the drink or food. Would definitely have to think twice before returning to this place.
5	Talk about authentic, this place is the real deal! Amazing food that was fresh, authentic, flavorful and rich. Awesome atmosphere with live music on weekends and the uniforms are great and make you feell like you're in mexico! The fountain in the back is really nice! The staff was attentive, very polite and FAST! My drink was never empty and thats saying a lot because I drank like 10 glasses of iced tea. (WALTER MY WAITER DESERVES A RAISE!) The food was such a great value. LOVE THE FREE CHIPS, SALSA AND FREIOS!  There is obviously a reason this place is on the best of las vegas. I give it a 10 out of 10 in basically every category.  Service 10Ambiance 10Fun factor 10Cleanliness 10Value 10Taste 10Temperature 10 Menue options 10
5	Great food and better service . Everyone very cheerful and helpful. Live singers too on the weekends
5	love this place.. excellent service amazing food and the preparadas amaziing!! by far our favorite place to eat #familyfriendly
3	Not my favorite. With that being said, the place is really authentic ole school Mexican. The service is very fast and efficient. We had no less than 4 different people bring drinks, food, clear plates. Impressed. Food:  the server suggested the Tia Esther- I had with chicken. Thought it was going to be spicy- nope. It was ok. The beans are ok as well. I did like that a scoop of Guac came with the plate. My husband had the Colorado burrito and added onions. very tasty- the meat was chunky not ground or shredded. House margaritas were good- most house margs are made with lots of sour mix- not these. Felt they were the 'skinny' marg. tasty.
5	loved it
5	This place sets the standard for authentic Mexican food in Las Vegas. Their attention to detail is off the charts and the service you receive is top quality. The theme of the restaurant is amazing and i would definitely come back in a heartbeat!
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant. My family and I always go here. Everything I've had here has been delicious! The enchiladas suizas are one of my favorites, very distinct flavor. The servers are all very nice, the mariachi is great. Overall one of the best in vegas!
5	I just wish it was not so expensivethen I would go more often
4	Always come here when in Vegas.  Yummy food but fill up on appetizers Could improve the Guacamole and if the rice wasnt in chicken stock that would be great.
5	I had dinner here with friends while visiting Las Vegas because it was recommended through word of mouth this place has the best Mexican food you will ever try from the fideo soup to the handmade tortillas to even the beans everything here is excellent not to mention the service, we felt we had three waiters waiting on us I will definitely come back here when I visit Las Vegas! They deserve nothing less than 5 stars!
5	Great authentic Mexican  food...very fresh. They have awesome customer service. The chips they bring are warm and they bring beans and salsa for dipping! They didn't have the sauce for the shrimp I wanted so they gave us a free dessert! The entrees: my hubby got chile rellenos with shrimp...so good!!To my fellow out of towners, make the trip off the strip to come eat some authentic Mexican food...you won't be disappointed.
5	This place is AWESOME! We came here for dinner and it was packed but the service was still excellent. They give you a house soup that's soo yummy! I come here every time I'm in Vegas, great Mexican food. A little pricier than most Mexican restaurants both worth it.
4	FIRST, its authentic and original...has been here in that location since i can remember...the service is awesome and the atmosphere is quite festive with the decor and the mariachi's moving around the room...its a large menu, so everything is not awesome but overall.... my meals and experiences there have always been acceptable...i just love the service! my only suggestion to lindo...please learn what a REAL michelada is... pouring clamato juice in a jar and adding spices is something my four year old can do!
5	Excellent everything.  The soup they serve with the chips at the start of each meal is true comfort food, and their seafood options are top-notch.
5	You can't go wrong with this place. I have been to all of their locations and this us the best of them all. The food is always perfect, service is always great, the drinks are always tasty and the desert is always the perfect end to a quality dining experience
4	As usual, this place always delivers good food! Enchiladas, tamales, chips, salsa...whatever I have ever gotten has always been great. The rice is a good blend and the fideo soup that is served pre-entree is always delicious. We got desserts on our last visit, and those were SSOOO good! The churros, lava cake, and the sopapillas (sp?)  were yum!
1	ok i heard that this place was awesome as the food and service so i took my girlfriend to eat there and  the place is nice and the service is amazing BUT the food was disgusting I expected something better as most of the people say that its an amazing place but the food is just horrible this restaurant serves  mexican food if the food they serve is mexican then tacobell is the place to eat if you dont know about mexican food then you should try another places so you can get a better idea of the real mexican food plus if you like to pay for the service and not for your food then you'll  be fine in my case ill pay dont matter the price as long as the food is delicious something that this place doesnt offer thats just my idea
4	We got there after 2pm on New Year's Day and the place was packed, but we've been here before and we knew the wait would be worth it.The staff are friendly, fast and genuinely want to provide you with great service!We were seated and drink orders were taken immediately. The drinks arrived pretty fast as did the chips and salsa. Warning: if you ask for the habanero salsa, you will get burned! t is HOT and tasty if your tongue doesn't fall off first.The food arrived promptly. It was hot, delicious and there was plenty of it! Even though they were busy, they did not hurry us and allowed us to eat at our leisure. Like I mentioned earlier, we'd eaten there before because we wanted a tasty, authentic Mexican food experience. It's a few miles off the Strip but well worth the drive. A taxi will run you about $20 and the restaurant provides a shuttle service which came in handy.Good Food, Good Drinks, Good People!
