4	Bring your appetite.This location just opened last week.  We went on their 3rd night and I was very impressed with the smoothness of their operation.  This restaurant is a Churrascaria, an all-you-can-eat-meat experience where the "gauchos" bring 12 varieties on swords and carve a little off right at your table.  I've been to Samba in the Mirage, and while good, Texas de Brazil is way better (and more expensive).  However, I must say compared to Fogo de Chau (the gold standard for Churrascarias)  this place gets an 8 out of 10.  While Fogo de Chau ranks as one of the 5 best meals of my life, Texas de Brazil is just a great meal that I would come for special occasions or when folks come to visit.
4	This is my first experience with a meat orgy (okay, that sounds bad LOL).Long story short, I learned a lot about steak. The sides were delicious. All in all, way too much food (so I took advantage of the salad bar to give my heart a break).The service was spectacular! So attentive, polite, and all the while it had a real feel to it... not a, "dude im kissing your ass cuz I need to buy a new xBox."I finished off with some dessert... a monster piece of chocolate cake that was just too good to finish in one shot (I saved it for the next days breakfast).Oops... almost forgot - the decor was very sharp. I was impressed. The bathroom had these awesome super tall metal doors on both the entrance and the stalls. No detail was left behind.
5	I stumbled upon this nirvana purely by accident.  Fiance and I just got off work and went to Town Square to go to the Apple Store.  We drove by Texas de Brazil and figured to give it a try.  I was expecting a BBQ place at a Sizzler or Outback Steakhouse level but this place was like the Wynn Buffet but with all meat!This was our first experience in a Churrascaria, and boy, it was unbelievable.  We were wary about not being given a menu nor seeing any prices so we figured this would create a hole in our pocket.  (Turned out to be about $50/person which is steep but definitely worth it.)  Imagine a parade of fine succulent meat served at your table.... every bite juicy and flavorful.  The salad bar was stocked with the freshest ingredients as well.  The quality of their service only made the entire experience better.  Fiance and I are trying to make up an excuse to go back!  Early Thanksgiving dinner, perhaps?
5	Y'know that feeling where you ate so much that you can only breathe through your  mouth?  Well, that happened to me last night as I gorged and gorged on an endless supply of meat at Texas de Brazil.  And boy, was I paying for it afterwards.  I was drunk...on food.  I was delirious from overeating, my eyes were glossy, and I could barely walk straight.  I had eaten myself to oblivion.After our waiter (Adam) gave us the whole introduction of how it worked here, we helped ourselves to the salad bar.  I was pleasantly surprised with their offerings and loaded up on marinated artichoke hearts, cooked mushrooms, quinoa, au gratin potatoes, marinated garlic gloves, shrimp, their soup of the day (lobster bisque), and all their other good stuff.The Big F was taking a bit too long to turn his little card over to green, so I started without him.  Meanwhile, the sides were soon to arrive.* Garlic Mashed Potatoes - I was too busy enjoying the creaminess of the au gratin potatoes to give much attention to the mashed version.* Sweet Fried Bananas - This is probably what put me over the edge.  It was so sweet and sugary good and I ate a lot of it, and I do mean a lot.  The cinnamon on these bananas just had me wanting more and more.  And I probably did take a bite of the banana in between every bite of meat, I just couldn't help it.  It was that good.  And the Big F was having more than his share too!* Brazilian Cheese Bread - It was good, but I had better.  Just as well since I didn't need that for an additional filler.  The Big F finished off the bread basket on his own!They usually offer around 8-15 kinds of meat in one day, among the meats that I tried: * Cordeiro - Young leg of lamb that is tender and full of flavor.  Definitely a good one!* Costela de Carneiro - My favorite out of the bunch, the lamb chop.  It was one of the first meats I tried and it was the last thing I ate.  It was so tender, juicy, and just good.* Signature Garlic Picanha - The crispiness outside edge of the rump cover was so good and tender.  One of our favorites!* Filet Mignon Wrapped in Bacon - It started off tender, but ended up okay in the end.  Stick to the picanha instead!They did have chicken and pork roaming around, but I chose to pass on them this time.  I was too preoccupied with the beef and lamb choices.  I did try a few other meats, but they were less memorable.  There's a couple of dipping sauces for the meats, including the mint one for lamb and something else humming of garlic.  (I got a bit of it on my sleeve and was smelling it the rest of the night!)Service was good and attentive.  They really make an attempt to please you and make sure you leave happy and satisfied.  I don't know how one manages to make it to dessert after you ate so much meat.  The carrot cake alone is a huge three-layer slice!It's definitely the kind of place for hardcore meat lovers ($45/pp) and even vegetarians would do all right if they stuck with the salad bar ($30/pp or so).  Children 6 and under eat free, but 7-12 are half price. RESERVATIONS highly recommended!  You can do that through OpenTable.com too!When you sign up for their eClub, you get a 25% discount (up to a party of 8) if you dine their within the next month!  That's a pretty good deal, especially when celebrating an event.  We'll be back once I recover!4.5 stars
4	MEAT, MEAT, and more MEAT! that is all I can say about this place. Truly a carnivores delight.  Since I'm usually a rare meat eater, the only knock I have about this place is everything is cooked med rare-med, and at times med-well. With requests made to the kitchen for blue and etc. Oh well I can't have it all!
4	Its a great fun place for groups at a reasonable price - $45 per person.  Its all you can eat meat! and a salad bar too.  Service was great, there was never a wait for the food.(Not as good as Rodizio's in Denver, CO if you've been there)   Only bad thing is I was told there was a 45min wait, after 30min I double checked and they told me 20more, so when 30min came around I asked again and they said ANOTHER 20min. So my "45 min" wait was really 1.5 hours.
4	I went to Texas De Brazil with a bunch of my hard-partying coworkers after a twelve hour day at work. We arrived at 6 and were promptly seated by the friendly staff.The guys went for the salad bar and walked up to the table with heaping dishes, full of something other than meat! Oh no!!!I ended up going to the salad bar and adding some prosciutto, olives, tomatoes, and some cheeses to go along with the Malbec wine from Terrazas vineyards in Argentina.I was on my second olive when the boys with the skewered meat cuts started showing up. I never said no and watched as they cut succulent cuts of meat while I scrambled to grab the tongs to receive them.One after another, the garlic Picanha, Bacon wrapped filet mignon, Brazilian sausages, bacon wrapped chicken, Pork ribs, beef ribs kept on coming. I was in awe that the smallest guy in the group (a slender 5'-5" tall) was keeping up with the guys in the gaucho suits! It was his first time here and he was inhaling the cuts!! I had my second glass of Malbec and the cuts kept on coming,  this wine is perfect for red meat. The cheese bread was ok, The fried polenta was great, the sides were good although I kept them to a minimum.The most memorable moment was when one of the gauchos came by with the picanha (3 sirloin cap steaks skewered on a sword) and literally hacked the steaks off from top to bottom for me....it was like watching a landslide of heaven roll onto the plate. The guy was enjoying watching us stuff our faces silly.In the end, all of us walked out working a little harder to breathe normally....we tried so hard not to laugh or share jokes. We ended up returning to our hotels and slipping into a self-induced food coma.The place is on Las Vegas Blvd and Sunset (just north of Mandalay Bay casino/hotel).The wine list = 5 starsThe service = 5 starsVariety of cuts = 4 starsPrice = 4 starsAmbiance = 4 starsOverall = 4.5 starsPS if you plan on visiting, eat a light breakfast and you may want to skip lunch.
5	look for coupons before you comeall you can eat meat for 50% offjust as good if not better than fogo de chao
4	I think this place deserves between 4 and 4.5 stars. It is new and the service was impeccable.The food is great value for your money ($45/person) and the wine can be as affordable as $30 bucks a bottle, or as high as hundreds of dollars.They wouldn't call themselves a buffet, but it kind of has the same idea. You start at a unlimited salad bar, and honestly, there's not much salad about it which was awesome. They had mozzarella, parmigiano cheese, prosciutto & salamis, their very own smoked salmon, in additon to salad, as well as soups.When you're ready, they will start bringing out the meats. Make sure to ask for filet mignon, they had it but were stingy about taking it out! Their ribs are also melt-in-your-mouth and their lamb didn't have much of a gamy taste. Skip the chicken if you can, this place has a TON of  better meat choices than that.Oh, also, TAKE YOUR TIME! My friend went crazy and then threw up 30 minutes into the meal...You really need to take your time here and don't rush, even if the servers seem pushy with cutting you the meat.It is an enjoyable experience though and looking forward to doing it again =)
4	This place makes sure you get your money's worth!!!! They kept coming to our table with meat meat and meat. I was stuffed just looking at the meat on my plate. I wish I hadn't drank so much sangria so that I could stuff my face some more. Waiters were very attentive and friendly. A very pretty restaurant with lots of yummie meat and a full salad bar. I feel like you shouldn't eat much all day to have dinner here. Filet mignon was the best~!Great sweet sangria which even my best friend liked and she doesn't drink!!!
5	My usual crew and I agreed that Texas de Brazil has earned it's place on our 5 star list. There are very few places that get 5 stars. We had the lunch selection. Lunch has a less meats than dinner, but all very tasty. The house special meat is extremely good as is the garlic sirloin. Lunch does not have the fillet Mignon, bacon wrapped fillet Mignon or lamp chops. There is a significant price difference between lunch and dinner selections. The salad/side bar is the same for both services. The wait service is excellent. Our waitress made sure that we had all that we needed and was very nice. Even though the restaurant is off the strip, it is a place that you need to visit for the price and food. Lunch was about $24 and dinner is at about $40. Well worth it!
4	A great place to get your meat on.  The cold bar has some nice cheeses and vegetables.  The wine list will not disappoint either.   Go hungry and with sufficient dining time to get your moneys worth.
5	If there were ever a place where even a T-Rex would look at you like you were crazy when offered a desert menu at the end of a meal, it would have to be Texas de Brazil. The Food was amazing, and the service was impeccable... The theme seems to follow along the same lines as any other Brazilian all-you-ca-eat-meat fest that can be found scattered around the West Coast, but the atmosphere is really industrial and trendy. The only other time I've been to a place like this was in Los Angeles at Fogo De Chao's. Same idea... get your sides yourself, sit down, turn the red/green card over to the green side, and then feast like Henry the 8th. Much of the meat was cooked to perfection, which has GOT to be hard considering that there is so much, but all the samples I tried were seasoned well and flavorful. The wait was VERY long, as I'm sure people who walked in and got seated had trouble rolling themselves out afterward, but the wait is WELL worth it... it was also a Saturday night during a convention weekend.. but we were told that the restaurant is crowded like that nightly... BTW.. the salmon at the "salad" bar is AWESOME!!!... Yow!
5	If you were stranded in a desert for days and have had nothing to eat, then bring your huge appetite and a ben franklin bill to this place!  It's a meat lover paradise!  All you can eat meat!!!  Steak, chicken, sausage, lamb, you name it, you can eat as much as you want.  And they were all well cooked too!  There's also a salad bar with ample selection of greens and cheese.   Lastly, the dessert menu is outstanding. I had the banana cream pie and it sure hit the spot!
4	I thought the food and the service were great. My favorite was the flank steak. Go figure. I am not sure if I just ate too much or something else was wrong, but I was sick all night after I ate here. It makes me hesitate to go back, which is too bad, because I was eager to go back before I got sick. Desserts are about $7.50 and are good but not totally necessary.
4	Great place for the carnivore in all of us! Sign up for their email list to get 25% off coupons in your email. My favorite meats are the garlic picanha and the BBQ pork ribs. All the sides at the salad bar are fresh and tasty as well. I always get tomatoes and drench them in balsamic vinegar. Their cheese bread isn't as good as some other churriscarias I've been to though. I recommend the bananas foster for desert.The service has always been excellent each time i''ve been there (4 times since they've opened).
4	This is probably one of the best Brazilian Steakhouses you'll go to. I'm reserving the 5th star for one that impresses me on all cuts of meat and with a salad bar. (I know, it's impossible).Lobster Bisque, Mashed Potatoes, Queso Bread and a huge salad bar for $50? The place is on par with Fogo and I'm so glad theres a meat buffet in Vegas because I'm sick of endless amounts of mediocre food at the Wynn and Bellagio. That's right, I said it. Don't forget to print out coupons! They have them readily online and are usually 20% off at least.
3	Texas de Brazil is a brand new restaurant in a new little corner of Las Vegas' Town Square.  It is tastefully appointed (if a bit dull), and has pretty attentive, friendly service.  As far as the food goes, I would say that it's good, but not great.  You sit down, and then you're offered access to a buffet, with a soup (lobster bisque), salad, and some vegetables and cold cuts, and a little fish.  We were also given a plate of mashed potatoes and fried plantains. All this, of course, purely exists to break up the unlimited beef (with occasional appearances by lamb, pork and chicken) monotony (in my new favorite euphemism, Texas de Brazil doesn't offer a buffet, but "continuous dining."  The meat varied in doneness, from medium to well done with various cuts on skewers served by "gauchos," which I believe is Spanish for "overly aggressive."  The meat, when not overdone, was fairly tasty, though several meat cuts were overly salty.  This is unsurprising given that you pay for each drink (no free refills on anything except water).  Bacon-wrapped filet mignon, bacon wrapped chicken, lamb chops, and all sorts of beef are heaped onto your plate by the gauchos, who ignore the little flip cards they give you, where one side (green) is supposed to indicate a desire for more meat by the gauchos, and the other side (red) is supposed to indicate "no mas."  Because the doneness of some of the meat is well done, I found myself inadvertently taking some grey, overly done pieces of meat.  Overall, I'd say the food is about average at this price level, though obviously if you value quantity over quality, your rating may be up further.The service is reasonably attentive, and when we visited on a Feb '09 Friday night, the entire restaurant was hopping.  The restaurant foyer reeked of paint (it had just opened).  The restaurant is clean, including the bathrooms, which is welcome in a buffet where you're eating with the dirty, unwashed masses in Las Vegas.The cost is $45.  As mentioned previously, you get a 25% off coupon just for signing up on their website for their mailing list, and you get a free dinner with the purchase of another dinner offer (not buy-one-get-one free) on your birthday (the website asks for your birthdate, though they don't check anything at the restaurant).  I wouldn't pay $45 for dinner at Texas de Brazil, since I'd rather eat at someplace like the Bellagio Buffet if I wanted to pay for an expensive buffet, or at countless other restaurants for a cheaper, better value experience.  With the coupons, I'd start considering going back to Texas de Brazil, but it wouldn't be my first choice, because of the inconsistency of the food (and my lessened desire to dine at all-you-can-eat, er, "continuous eating" establishments).  But you could definitely do worse than Texas de Brazil for a meal, especially if you take advantage of a coupon and you've never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse before.  Three stars awarded based on the full price $45 cost.
5	I'm officially a "carnivorous"!!!!!!!  Love this place!!!!  I was very impressed by their so-called salad bar, which was not tooo vegan friendly.   Funnily, my Uncle who frequents Las Vegas, said that it was the highlight of his whole trip.  *phew*  I was the culprit that brought him and my 2 other meat-loving cousins.  I was relieved they all liked it, or else..........
4	This was one of the most gratifying experiences of my life. Ok well it was pretty delish! I mean the assortment of flavors in meats. I was in meat heaven!  A bit pricey, however, sign up and you get a buy one get one free coup for your b-day.  If you are a vegan this is not the place for you.  Oh and go hungry... get your money's worth. We filled up easily in 20 minutes with a array of tastes.
5	This place is awesome!!! Make sure you save up your appetite because its all-you- can eat MEAT! There were so many different types of meat. My favorite was the  filet mignon wrapped in bacon! It was so tender and tasty. I will definitely go back again.  I recommend you try it out. Its off the strip in the new Town Square Mall.  I suggest you make reservations.  Its something different to try out instead of the vegas buffets (which i enjoy too!).   And the service was excellent!
4	We came here for a bachelor party dinner. I was the best man and had to organize the dinner. Making reservations was very simple and easy. We had a party of 16 and they were able to accommodate us fairly easily. I made reservations like 3 weeks before our dinner. Like the others here have said, make sure you come here on an empty stomach since you will be able to eat to your heart's content. We had come from a day of intense paintballing so we were hungry. The meat was seriously flowing that day. Some were better than others but overall it was great.
4	Been here a few days ago. This place is pretty good overall. I had their salad bar only. My friends had the meat part. There is a lot of meat, and my friends enjoyed the various choices. The salad bar doesn't just have salad. They have salmon, pasta, lobster soup etc. I found the veges a little bit bland and some too salty. I love the friend bananas they brought out for us. Service is really great here. It was a big group of people with me, and the waitress split the check for everyone. She didn't even add in the gratitude fee. We also used as previous people suggested the coupon online and got 25% off. It's a little chilly, so bring a small jacket.
3	3.5 stars.. but I'll round down because drinks, and dessert are extra, and if you pay full pop you're looking at serious coin for a full meal (drinks, meats, dessert, tax and 20% tip)Used a 25% off coupon for signing up for the email list.  Had dinner here (44.99 plus tax)The filet mignon, and filet mignon wrapped in bacon were some of the best meats.  The filet was very tender and cooked perfectly.The lamb chops were a little dry, and overcooked even though they were supposed to be medium rare.  I had rack of lamb the night before at Bellagio, and thought they were more tender and tastier at Bellagio.The cheese bread was excellent, and they even brought a full basket of them when I asked for more.I'd have to say Fogo De Chao was better, but much more expensive. Compared to the Bellagio gourmet dinner buffet.. I think the lamb chops were more tender there, than here.The service was good.If you can find a 2 for 1 deal here, this would be a great deal.
5	This place was great, service was alright but the food was delicious. Go with an empty stomach, because there's a lot to eat.
4	A GREAT place for meat lovers =) Meat Heaven! U get ALL you CAN Eat all different types of meats which they bring to you on a stick to eat... =) what more can u ask for?? =)
4	We went for dinner on a Tuesday night.  The food was absolutely wonderful.  The wait staff was very attentive (even sometimes too attentive!).  We arrived early so we didn't need to wait but a few minutes and by the time we left the place was packed.  We were seated in an area off the main dining room which I highly recommend.  It was far quieter and we really enjoyed our meal.  The main room is very noisy.My only other suggestion is that they should put that they are open for lunch on their website - had we known this, we might've gone for lunch as dinner was a bit pricey (but worth it for a once in a blue moon type outing!)
5	I think that this may be a 4.5 star type place, but I figured that despite my minor critiques, the fact that in the midst of a horrific recession in a town with insane unemployment, their business is through the roof.  Perhaps it is well earned.Texas de Brazil is a high end steakhouse that serves unlimited amounts of meat via skewers seasoned with primarily rock salt.  The full dinner menu has 5 cuts of beef, 2 lamb, 2 chicken, 2 pork and 1 sausage (going by memory, so may vary).  If you are a veteran of Brazilian BBQ, you will find the familiar pichana cut, garlic steak, skirt steak, filet, top sirloin, bacon-wrapped chicken, lamb chop, leg of lamb, pork rib, pork loin.  Only the parmesean chicken was something I had not seen at any other place.Meat quality = as good as it gets.  I suppose you could make the case that they could have used Kobe or organic or other speciality, but then your dinner would not be $44.99 AYCE.  Beef cuts are medium rare (even rare) and I mean a nice mooing medium rare, not a fake LA medium rare.  If you have a sensitivity to salt or otherwise must monitor your intake, be careful as this place is slightly saltier than your typical BBQ.  If you are the type to add salt to your fries, then you probably have no idea what I am talking about.Meats that didn't make the cut were the pork ribs which were a bit charred, leg of lamb was salty, dry and really gamey (I guess that is typical of this cut) and the Portuguese sausage.  The sausage was not bad per se, but if you are shelling out $44.99, I would save room unless you are really into this.The beefs were awesome.  If your dining companion is a "well-done" beef eater, you should leave them at home.  They can make the beef well-done, but you will have to special order.  And seriously, find someone who appreciates raw cow.Oh yeah, there is a salad bar with the usual type stuff.  Salad, fresh mozeralla, tabouille, lobster bisque, rice, green beans, white beans, smoked salmon.  A few notable things were missing that are typically offered at a Brazilian BBQ - broccoli, collard greens and stroganoff... hmmm, some of my favorites, too.  The rice was great if that sort of thing is important to you as it is to me.  The sauteed mushrooms were excellent and not typically offered at other Brazilian restaurants.Service.  We had a primary waiter, a secondary waiter to help with the garlic, fried plantains, cheese bread and water and an army of busboys ready to swipe your empties.  They will top off your drink, make sure you eat too much, check up on you and even guide the meat handlers as to what to bring by.  And the meat guys will give you food even when your button is on stop.  This is one of the few places in which the service was a little too attentive.  I mean, I like being checked up on, but they asked every few minutes.  Perhaps it works out when the place is full.  Better too good than bad, I suppose.  Just bear in mind, this isn't a good place to have a private conversation, argument or whisper sweet nothings.The interior is nicely decorated, bright and fancy.  The only thing is that you sit fairly close to other diners.  Not Flemings close, but still not very private.Get on the mailing list for these guys.  They offer great specials such as 20% off or mothers dine free on Mother's Day.
5	ok. i'll make this brief.been here three times. absolutely perfect all three times.sign up on their website and get discounts.(tip)brazilian drinks are awesome -get them 'premium' with leblon cachaca.don't eat ANYTHING ALL DAY and then come here. you're going tobe stuffed when you leave.the only only minor thing i would change about this place.slow down on the men coming to the table..can get a wee-bitbothersome at times especially when they come around thesame thing. and why do you have to request the short ribs?any other brazilian place like this they come to the table ...come on...bring it on? and no briskett?guys. you have to add this at some point to round outeverything.as you can see, i've been here way too many times that i recognizethese little faults :)highly recommended... the best brazilian restaurant in town.
3	Filet, lamb, & pork oh my... This is meat lovers heaven. I questioned why we were going to dinner at the senior hour of 4:30PM -- 30 min into the meal I knew the answer. --I mean we were there for 3 hours! The gauchos with their meat sticks never stop coming. Not to mention their impressive salad bar. No need to even get salad at the salad bar --same that stomach room for lobster bisque, spicy shrimp, prosciutto & gourmet cheeses. But be careful --it is very easy to fill up on that alone--don't forget the gauchos & their meat sticks are coming. I'm not a huge meat eater so if I do come again I will only get the salad bar. $45 / person is not cheap but the sirloin did melt in my mouth. I'd say worth a visit but I won't be turning into a regular.
5	Wow, I'm in the Las Vegas area working a conference and a bunch of my co-workers stopped by for dinner at Texas de Brazil.  I've been to churrascarias in Sao Paolo, Rio de Janeiro, San Francisco and NC but this might be the best.  Inside it's large and open, a stylish place that's elegant and earthy.  Beautiful display of stacked wine bottles behind a cool, glass enclosure.   Large seating capacity, good for both large groups or an intimate couple.  Texas de Brasil starts you off with pao de queijo, warm and chewy little cheese biscuits.  Out front they've got a beautiful buffet with salad, cold meats, cheeses, fresh veggies, shrimp, salmon, potatoes au gratin, lobster bisque, delish!  But don't fill up too much on the buffet because it's all about the meat at Texas de Brazil.   Flip your meat coin over to green and the waiters come tableside with a large, sword of meat!  We're talking sirloin, filet mignon, lamb, parmesan chicken, ribs, pork, sausage and more.  My gosh!  The meat is cooked in rock salt, some may think it's overly salty, I find it tasty.  Along with the meats you also get some mashies and baked plantains, yum!  Strong wine selection with bottles from $40 to $200.  While the decor and food is great, what really impressed me was the service.  Our waitress was fast and thorough, really professional and attentive service.  Napkins were folded up nicely after we left the table and service was timely.  I rarely ever get bad service but it's so nice when you get exceptional service.  In the end, Texas de Brazil does a great rendition of a Brazilian steakhouse with one downside, don't expect to walk out of this place for less than $60 per person after a drink or two.  But you know what?  The place delivers a fantastic experience across the board so if you've got a carnivorous, special occasion coming up, Texas de Brazil should be at the top of your list!  And a big thank you to Las Vegas Yelpers for recommending this place to me!
4	I went here with my hubby to celebrate my birthday last weekend. The sad part was that I couldn't use the coupon from their website because it isn't valid on Saturdays! The service is impeccable! Our waiter took the time to explain to us how to get the best out of our dining experience, since it was our first time there. The salad bar was full of items one wouldn't normally find on a salad bar, shrimp, prosciutto, crostinis with cheese. There is also a lobster bisque that my husband raved about (and ate 2 bowls of) however I found to be too acidic. The moment I put it in my mouth, I knew I would need a tums! The server brings to the table garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas. Both of these items were delicious. The bananas are supposed to cleanse your palate in between tasting the different meats. As for the meats: Picanha and garlic picanha- absolutely wonderful! The perfect balance of saltiness. Parmesan crusted chicken- great flavor with a crunchy crust Bacon wrapped chicken- surprisingly moist and delicious Parmesan pork- I found had a good flavor but was too tough Bacon wrapped Filet- a disappointment. It was good quality meat, it just didn't compare to the taste of the sirloin (picanha) BBQ baby back ribs- yummy! they were very tender and covered in a tasty sauce Lamb-the chops were overcooked by my standards. I know most people don't prefer rare meat like me, but I would have settled for a little pink? these were well done! The leg of lamb was juicier but still lacked flavor. Overall we had a very enjoyable evening. We ordered 2 Gin and Tonics and they were STRONG! I had to let the hubby drink mine because I had to drive us home. If you're a meat eater you will love this place.
5	Fantastic!I'm not one for having my dinner paraded around before I eat it but this restaurant beats any of the "tourist" restaurants on the strip any day! The food was fantastic! $40.00 per person, not including drinks or desert. Be sure to sign up for the email specials on their website and receive the discount coupon. This place does get busy, make reservations.
5	Texas de Brazil is amazing! The staff is very attentive and friendly. The food is delicious. The meats are tender and have great flavor. They also have a salad bar that has everything you would ever want. Everything is fresh and well stocked. We have eaten here a dozen times and have never been disappointed. Go try it, I am sure you will agree.
5	I am a HUGE Brazilian BBQ fan and this place is the top of the heap thus far..The salad bar is the size of a classroom. It has everything you can imagine on it, cheeses, spreads, breads, olives, multiple salads, did I say cheese? You could have a quality dinner just off of it.Then, the meat comes. I was smart enough to avoid the temptation to stuff myself from the salad bar and wait for the steak and it was worth it. Just some of the best meats Iv had in a while..And , for reference, lets talk about how the meat is cooked: OVER A FIRE. If you want something well done, thats towards the outside. If you want it rare (bloody for me), that will be on the inside. If you don't tell the guy who's carving which you want, you'll get whatever happens to be next in line on the chopping block. So don't complain about the steak being over/under cooked, just pipe up and tell them what you want. Deserts were equally as wonderful. We had one of each on our table of about a dozen. Top it off with an espresso and I was ready and willing to take a long nap in a hot tub.For the money (it's a few bucks more than Samba) do yourself a favor and take a cab down the strip and eat here. And make sure you're hungry.
5	Very very good esp the meat...Im a red meat gal...really good but it's pretty expensive i dont recommend  this restaurant if your not a buffet person..
5	FIRST off there are NO words when speaking about this food only actions then come the words.1st comes wandering of the huge eyes, open mouth, slight drool, and sitting of the bum!It was my first time coming to this place and I only saw the salad bar that consists of scalloped potatoes, smoked salmon, random light salads, pastas, risotto, and breads. I filled my plate up with that only to be broad sided with skewers of meat! I was like where did the meat come from?!?! I didn't see it other wise I would not have filled my plate on salad. We were sitting right next to the kitchen where the meat came from and received piping hot cuts of the finest, juiciest, succulent choices you could ever imagine. When you go to Vegas this is a MUST I say MUST restaurant that you have on your places to visit. WARNING WARNING do not eat at least 3 hrs before coming to this place. OH and the dessert choices IF you make it that far speak for them selves.I was rolled to the car and fork lifted into my seat, and passed out in my drive way.
5	Plan on eatting....alot when you come here! I honestly thought it was going to be my last meal...lol! I have never been to such a great place and great tasting meat! I do need to stress, you must come hungry or you will be throwing you money away! Great place and great....no AWSOME food!
5	The food was amazing!  I can't get over how tasty the different cuts of meat were.  And the meat was always juicy and hot!  They had a 15 different types of meat going around.  I dont think I got to try all 15 because by the 5th type of meat I was stuffed!The gachous would come around with their skwered meat and cut a slab for you!  And they show no mercy!  They want to stuff you!  Make sure you prep your stomach for all this dancing meat. The meat is also complimented with an awesome buffet salad bar.  Equipped with Peruvian salad, sushi, white rice, cold cuts, olives, peppers, and of course salad and cheeses.   I definatley recommend this place!  Let me know when you go I'll go!  Also make sure to get their signature drink - the CAIPIRINHA!
4	I've been here twice now and the service and food have been awesome. The salad bar is oh so good, with great variety - they even have a good lobster bisque! As a cheese freak I definitely appreciate the spread of manchego, goat and buffalo mozzerella offered!The meat is good, but not knock your socks off great. You're honestly paying for quantity over quality! Filet Mignon was the standout - tender and not the least bit chewy. Brazilian sausage was awesome, but the garlic sirloin could use some work. Basically everything is kinda hit or miss but given you get unlimited quantities you can choose to fill up on the good stuff (filet) if that's your preference! I ate there last night and I've already forgotten the price, lol. I want to say $44.95 pp for dinner, $29.95 for salad only, and I know the pitcher of sangria we got was $29. They have a great b1g1 free coupon for July that helped quite a bit!4 stars because I've eaten at Fogo de Chao quite a bit in TX and Chicago and honestly find the meat there a step up from Texas de Brazil. That being said, with no Fogo de Chao in Vegas I'll definitely be hitting this place up everytime I want to put myself in a meat coma.
4	This place is off the chain!! Meats galore! Non-stop.....eat till you puke!! Service was great...food is fantastic....and the ambience is spectacular. But...it gets loud and a bit pricey!! All in all....loved the experience! Will come back next year after I save $44+!! hehe
5	Perfection. Meat lovers heaven. Somebody could've killed me afterwards, I was soooo happy, would've made the best last meal :))) Meats were juicy, melting in your mouth. 15 different kinds, so if you don't like something, they'll load you up with other goodnesses. I still can't get over how good it was...wow... Useful tips - Don't forget to sign up on their website for the email club, you might be able to save a lot....and make a reservation before coming, we didn't have to wait at all, I saw bunch of people standing for a while waiting.
4	My favorite steak house....with the exception of maybe Fogo De Chao. American steak houses don't even come close. After you eat at Texas de Brazil, you won't bother with crap like Smith & Wollensky's or Capital Grille.The filet mignon's wrapped in bacon are to die for and the picanha is amazing.  The salad bar is very nice too with a lot of items.  For drinks, I always get Caipirinhas which are usually really good.
4	For my friend's birthday on July 24, we decided to try Texas de Brazil in Town Square and we're satisfied.  The enormous salad bar selection is eye-candy, and their delicious steaks are overwhelming.  I had to rest my stomach and palate just to enjoy every succulent steak.  Topped off with rich Brazilian cheesecake and triple layer chocolate cake ~ very satisfying.  Service is friendly and efficient, price range is a little on the high-end; I'm not a fan of shelling out $58.00 for dinner for 1 - overall experience is enjoyable.
5	This is positively the best meal I've had for years, if not ever.The meat was cut perfectly... I believe I tried every single piece of meat that came to my table.  My favorite was the flank steak... the chargrilled part... OMG.I didn't even have to flip my card to green.  The Gaucho's just showed up when my plate was nearly empty to happily refill it.A nice touch was that our server and also the majority of the Gaucho's are brazilian.Salad bar is incredible!!  I wish more places had salad bars like that... I'd pay the $20 to eat that more often.We were here for my friend's 40th birthday... she made a joke and said she wanted to see the chef... and lo and behold... the chef comes out!Out comes one of the most gorgeous men I have seen in a normal setting.And I'm a lesbian!!Coincidentally... his name is Fabio Machado.  Very nice guy who appreciated our glowing feedback of the restaurant.  I wanted to ask if he was on the menu to have my friend take him home... hahahaWe will definitely come back!Tip for the first timer... don't eat ANYTHING all day and go here at night.  You will need the room in your belly.
3	(Up front apology..... this is a slight reworked review from others I've done on Brazilian BBQ's in the Western states.) And know that I'd like to have given Texas a 3.75 stars if it existed, but have given the new Fogo in LV 4 stars, mainly for the meat quality. Our family is Brasilian. Here in Orange County, CA, we and our group of friends have tried just about every churrascaria that's opened or is still open in the Southwest. Many of us, during business travels, have also had the opportunity to sample US based Brasilian BBQ both on the East and West Coasts, and some in-between places..........like Salt Lake City, UT. Restaurant reviews need a reference point, and Brasilian BBQ's most especially.Over the last 20 years, we've watched them come and go; some very good, some horrible. Yolie's of Las Vegas, for example and IMHO, is on the "horrible" end. Problem with the Brasilian BBQ restaurants is their ability to be "consistent." While good food is a necessity, the style of service, called "Rodizio", is critical. And well trained "Gauchos", or meat-servers, are usually the breakpoint as to whether a churracaria is going to be rated high. Consider that most reviewers have had limited exposure to traditional churrascarias. In Brasil a churracaria can be a contained in a bus stop - gas station area, or as a full-on up-scale stand-alone restaurant. Regardless of size or ambience, it's primarily about the quality of the buffet, meats and the service. Example; "The service here was excellent!" That's probably true and understandable if you've never had a server bring filet to your table, multiple times. But "excellent service" at a Brasilian churrascaria includes a gaucho-server that knows his meats, asks you for your perferences, knows how to pass your table and show what's available without disturbing your eating. And again, they should be more than willing to help you with special requests.What you should expect from an excellent churrascaria is a hot and cold buffet style entree and salad bar. In Brazil, and at high end establishments, this includes high quality sushi and sashimi, and of course, rice, black beans and various vinigrettes and dressings. If you are a vegetarian, a great churrascaria should be able to keep you as full as your carnivor friends, with equal or better quality items. Service and food are usually what Brasilians speak of when chatting about their restaurant experience. It's a three-point system. And properly rated, you would seperate them, rate them, and then total up the score.Traveling through the US, my opinion is that there are no "great Brasilian BBQ's." Fogo de Chao in Dallas-Ft. Worth, so far, is the best experience I've had, while their Beverly Hills location was very dissappointing. T de B is adequate, but definitely not "great."  If meat is your pleasure, then make sure to let the Gaucho-server and staff know your preferences. If you don't want to waste time on chicken and bacon frufru items, then just tell your server to, for instance, just bring you ".....rare filet, tri-tip, called "picanha" (pee-cahn-ya), or whatever you prefer. If you aren't getting rapid return service on the meats, then by all means, and because you're paying for it, let them know. You shouldn't have to, but if want to enjoy your meal, get that issue resolved early on.I'd say that Texas de Brazil is worth a moderate 3 star rating if compared to Fogo's Dallas-FW location. It is certainly much closer to traditional churracaria than any of the LV Strip hotel restaurants. I've tried them all and was sorely disappointed. If you're in the SoCal area, and close to John Wayne Airport, try Agora at Main and McArthur. If in the Long Beach area, a good "blue collar" consistently OK spot is Greenfield's. If you travel to Boston, Miami or the New Jersey areas, you'll find larger populations of Brasilians and better food overall. Just don't get too excited over Texas de Brazil. Yes, it's way better than most other spots in town, but I promise......... there's better.BTW..... most of the churracarias run a bit high on mixed drinks and also the desserts, but if they're good, they've prepared them "in house."
4	Let me preface this by saying I am pretty much a yelp lurker.  I only created an account because my friends keep sending me invites, I didn't care much about writing reviews but now thats gonna change.  With that said Texas de Brazil will be my first written review, yay how exciting!  Last week was my roommates 30th birthday.  To celebrate in style we decided to spend a week in Vegas.  My friend heard about Texas de Brazil from all the good yelp reviews.  I'm skeptical as most yelp reviews I've read over hype most places, I was however quite excited to try out a all you can eat brazillian bbq for the first time.We only waited less than 5 minutes to be seated and headed our way to the salad bar.  Choice selection was plentiful and quality was great.  I had the Potatoes Au Gratin, roasted mushrooms and the lobster bisque and all were excellent.  We were now ready for the good stuff, the rotisserie roasted meats that make this place famous.  Servers acting as south american cowboys or gauchos come to your table with a choice of meat and cut them for you.  There was a total of 10 selections and we got to try all of them.  I would hands down say the flank steak was the best, it was so delectable, so juicy and succulent you can almost drown in it.  The lamb gets honorable mentions, cooked perfectly and very delicious. The top sirloin was also good, the fat just melts in your mouth.  Their filet mignon was meh, I had the bacon wrapped one and it was a bit over cooked and chewy.  The service here is amazing.  Our waiter catered to us at every moment and was very friendly.  The gauchos timing was impeccable, you never had a plate full of meat.  By the time you were finished with something, there goes a gaucho offering another selection which is important because no one likes cold meat or missing a selection and waiting longer for it to make its round again.I would say the only let down for me was the sangria.  We ordered a pitcher of red sangria and it was nothing out of the ordinary.  Plain flavors and extremely watered down from all that ice they put in there, lame!  Overall my experience at TDB was wonderful, I can definitely look forward to this place next time we go to Vegas again.  What made it even better was that my friend had a coupon for 50% off of our meal, now thats awesomely awesome!
2	I have the say, this is first time I haven't agreed with the yelp majority! I went for dinner last week because a friend had a gift card.  I love Brazilian BBQs (especially Rei do Gado's in San Diego) so I was already excited, and then I read the raves about the salad bar and other offerings and I was sold.  Until...1. We get there and the server can't find our reservation.  The place was pretty packed (Saturday night) and we definitely weren't going to wait around for an hour.  As we turned to leave, they miraculously "found" his name on the reservations list.  Nice.  Then our snotty waitress "explains" the way the restaurant works.  She shoots us attitude for ordering sodas/iced teas instead of drinks (we'd just gotten some at yard house) and then "forgets" to bring us our sides until half way through our meals when we asked the table next to us where they got their bread.  Service = abysmal!2. The salad bar is nothing special.  The brochure touts hand made sushi, which turns out to be one place of spicy "crab" rolls.  The lobster bisque was so salty and lukewarm that I couldn't eat it (go to Brio for much better bisque).  The salad dressings were super bland.  The cold veggies (asparagus, green beans, etc.) were decent but nothing special.  The rest of the salad bar was basic.3. The meat.  Wow, so incredibly salty.  And I love salt!  (To the point that I tend to shake more salt on potato chips...I know, disgusting).  The skirt steak was tender and cooked well but I couldn't get past the saltiness.  Same for the garlic sirloin and bacon wrapped filet mignon.  The sausage was pretty tasty but how much sausage can one person eat? (And for about $50.00 a person, I don't really want to fill up on sausage alone).  I ate a few pieces of each selection and gave up.4. Saving Grace: the sides!  The cinnamon bananas, cheese breads and mashed potatoes are delicious.  Especially the bananas!  Yum.  I pretty much filled up on the sides.For the price, I recommend that you go to another restaurant and get yourself a cooked to your specifications, not smothered in salt, steak.  You and your heart will thank me.
3	Went to this location in Town Square last night.. The staff was very attentive, and I will say refreshingly proficient at taking care of me and other customers that I observed. The salad bar was excellent, tons of upscale choices! Nice quality Speck, beautifully displayed? I'm in! Why only 3 stars? I prefer Via Brasil in Summerlin, the quality and flavor of the meat is *far* superior..Wouldn't recommend the sangria.. it isn't marinated, simply mixed when it's ordered..
4	I've been to other churrascaria. This is one of the better ones. We went there kind of late. Everything was very good. I only wish my tummy was bigger so I can eat more. Service was excellent!
4	I recently discovered this place with a small group of guys out to celebrate a bachelor party. I had heard about churrascaria before but this was my first time at this style of restaurant. The food was delicious and the service was excellent! I only wish I had skipped lunch so I could have eaten more.  Great place for parties, they encourage you to take your time and sample the various cuts of meat.
5	Food is great, service is great, ambiance is great! I try to hit up this place every time I'm in Vegas.  A bit pricey but worth it!The meats are fresh, you don't just tell them how you want the meat cooked, you can even tell them how you want the meat seasoned; either more salt or less pepper.  If you have a certain favorite, they will make sure to bring it over all the time.  Servers are are accommodating and the manger(s) would even come around the tables and ask how everything is.  Keep it up!!
4	Amazing service. Great food. Many guys with meat on swords constantly circulating. Lots of attention from the waiter.
5	Better then any buffet I've been to in Vegas.  Perfect if you are a MEAT eater... I made reservations for a large group of 13 on a Thursday night. We had signed up for the club and had a couple of 50% off coupons. Each of the coupons will cover up to 6 people and they honored two for the whole group. VERY NICE! The total was 40 buck each including alcoholic drinks. Now onto the food... You begin the dinner w/ these DELICIOUS (maybe one of my favorite food items) cheese rolls. They are these little puff balls that make my mouth happy happy! The side bar is pretty good. I really tried not to eat too much f it so I had maximum stomach room for the meat. The lobster bisque for me was okay. I honestly thought it was too cheesy and some were saying too salty for their taste. I would definitely grab the chimichurri sauce so you can dip you meat in it, that was very delicious. Nothing to me really jumped out but nothing really horrible either. Now the star of the show was the MEAT!!! And they have EVERY kind of meat.  Some of my favorites were the flank steak, leg of lamb, beef rib, lamb chop the garlic sirloin. The only thing that was a little disappointing was the fillet. If there is anything you've eaten and it hasn't come around in a while, just let your waiter know and she'll have that type of meat come over to your table right away. Overall our party was HAPPY HAPPY.. everyone left w/ super full bellies and smiles on their faces.
4	Great place. Tons of meat. If you're in to Grilled meat this is the place for you. A bit on the pricey side especially with all the buffets in Vegas.  Good service and atmosphere. A great place for a group dinner.
4	Recently dined at the much talked about Texas de Brazil and I must say I am impressed. Please keep in mind I'm not the type of person who raves about buffets simply because the food is never top quality. Texas de Brazil is not an exception to the rule, there is a lot of sub-standard meat being served by the gaucho's (tableside meat carvers), in fact the only cuts I would consider to be very good are: Picanha, Garlic Picanha and Garlic Sirloin.  The salad bar is full of fresh tasty items and sides and sauces to compliment the meat.Service overall was great, very attentive and always anticipating our needs. Looking back I don't think I asked for anything except for a specific gaucho to be sent my way. Now the gauchos are instructed to approach tables which have a green tab exposed. If you turn your tab over to the red side the gaucho's are instructed to pass you right by. I would say that about half way through the meal the gauchos completely ignored all the tabs and simply started coming over on a whim, also they say random stuff and are more like "meat carving robots" that personal servers. Don't ask the gaucho's for anything except meat,  your server will handle your requests.Lastly the price....sucked. I had a 25% off coupon that you can get on the Texas de Brazil website and everyone that visits should get this or you will probably be pissed. For the all you can eat dinner its $44.95 which does not include drinks, dessert, tax or tip. Two dinners and two bottles of water is $107 after discount its $84. I could have probably had a great steak at Ruth's Chris for that but hey what the hell, I got "more". I'm a typical stupid American lol.  Food is very good not excellent, service is great but half of it is self serve, prices are fine dining but its a buffet. Four stars, highest buffet rating I will ever give so that's saying a lot.
4	I was lucky enough to have the chance to go here this past weekend while I was in Vegas with my friends and I have to say...wow, I am so glad I'm a carnivore!  The only sad part for me was my inability to keep up with the rest of the eaters at the table.  I definitely took too much salad bar, but how could I not?  They had all of my favorites...roasted Beets, mushroom salad, cheeses, asparagus, I could go on and on.  They did have a little bit of lettuce too, in case you want to make an "actual" salad, but I skipped that in my quest to save room for the meat show.  There was Lobster Bisque, which I wanted to try, but my tablemates mentioned it was kind of salty and honestly, unless it had big lumps of lobster in it...I was not there for any seafood!I think another problem was eating so late that night.  Next time I go, I will definitely only eat breakfast and make sure that I am not too super hungry by dinnertime.The dinner is served with these fantastic little cheese bite things, they look like little bread rolls.  Quite addictive, I would have loved to have more than one but, again, I was trying to save room!  You also get garlic mashed potatoes and these wonderfu sweet broiled bananas.  They are suposed to clean your palate between meat offerings.  Also, I would like to note that you have these little cards at your table to flip from red to green when you are ready for meat, but the Gauchos did not pay attention to that at all.  Who cares, we were ready for meat.  My favorite, that I had space for....was the BBQ Pork Ribs, the filet mignon, and the garlic pork, also the lamb.  I was not able to eat any more of my own portions after having that, but my tablemate was nice enough to cut a little bite of the additional 10 different meats she had..LOL.  I tasted her chicken, lamb, flank steak, more steak..it goes on and on.  I was starting to wonder when they might just bring the farm animals out to parade around so you can choose a cut.  There was SO MUCH VARIETY!!!I loved this place, great atmosphere, beautiful decor, VERY nice looking and polite waiter (Max), and great company.  I can't wait to go back here and bring my husband, but I guess I should do a stomach stretching regimen before I get there so I can eat my money's worth!!
5	4.5 stars.The bf & I had a "buy 1 dinner, get 1 free" coupon, which is partly responsible for my generous 5 star rating. Had we paid over $100 instead of $60, I might be singing a different (less happy) tune.I tried three types of meat: filet mignon, pork ribs & garlic pichanha & thought all three were pretty good. I'm not the best person to be judging the greatness of meat because I don't get excited about it like my bf does (he doesn't do the yelp.) I am, however, a pretty good authority on salad bars & the ilk & can say (in my professional opinion) that this salad bar is the bomb. Their cheeses are high quality ones, the caperberries are salty & addictive, there's baby corn (now theres something for me to get excited about!), yummy asparagus with a raspberry dressing, hearts of palm, olives & peppers. The potatoes au gratin & rice & black beans were spectacular (i wish I had room for seconds.) Churrascarias like Texas de Brazil can really push the limits of discomfort if you cannot/do not/refuse to practice a little self control & moderation. You are given an unlimited supply of sides (garlic mashed potatoes, cheese bread & fried bananas), meats, & access to the massive salad bar but only have a limited amount of space in your tummy. It's easy to go overboard & pop a button here. We definitely walked out feeling overly stuffed.Texas de Brazil is a good place for meat lovers as well as veggie lovers. My favorite churrascaria is Fogo de Chao in Beverly Hills & although their meat is superior to TDB's, I think their salad bars are neck & neck, as far as variety, freshness & taste goes. P.S. Our waitress was always available & extremely personable.
5	Absolutely wonderful. Great salad bar with lots of unusual selections. Wonderful cuts of meat, I loved the chicken breast wrapped in bacon and the lamb. No need to get dessert. The only bad thing is that you really have no idea how much food you've eaten because they just keep bringing and keep bringing until you've eaten so much you could explode. It took me ten minutes to digest enough just so that I could stand up without passing out. Will definitely go again.
4	Delicious food, great service, did not feel like a chain at all. They have a vegetarian option for the most amazing salad bar. Once the meat guys figured one of us wasn't eating meat they told the other servers. It was a great meal!Only problem is, it is contributing to the obesity of America, but hey if you are going to eat yourself to death this is the place to do it and do it in a very tasty way.
5	God I love this place.  My Vegas days of debauchery and regretful mornings are far behind me so this was actually the most anticipated stop of my trip. Is that sad?  Of course this place isn't really suitable or enjoyable to those that don't LOVE MEAT. but for those who do, it's heaven.  I came here on my last visit to Vegas but was woefully unprepared and only sampled 4 of their meats. I think they offer 15 types!  This time my goal was to sample every single one.  We discussed eating strategy extensively prior to arrival.  I made sure to skip breakfast and lunch and to wear my eatin clothes (stretchy waistline, so important!).  We also did a little smack-talking and basically made it a eating competition.  I know, so classy right? Despite my gross approach to this place I would like to let those who have never been here know it's a beautiful restaurant, perfectly appropriate for a romantic date (but don't bring shy dainty eaters here) and prices run pretty parallel to a moderate steak house.  I love their salad bar selection of cheeses, grilled and marinated veggies, sushi, soups, and other sides, but I was ridiculed by my dining mates for even putting the greens and starches on my plate as they would take up precious space in my belly and I would lose our meat eating challenge to those that wisely skipped the salad selections. "whatever, you don't know me!"  I thought smugly to myself.And then the glorious meat parade began.  Garlic Picanha (top sirloin), Picanha (sirloin), fraldinha (flank steak), and lombo de porco con quiejo (parmesean crusted pork loin) all came out immediately.  There was very little talking for the next 10 minutes, just moans of pleasure.  Next came Filet Mignon, and then it was trumped by Bacon wrapped filet, costela de porco (pork ribs), parmesean chicken, linguica, and Cordeiro (leg of lamb).  I didn't even take a portion of each and I was already dangerously overstuffed.  My dining partners saw how I had slowed down already and were mocking me and my failed "eat every meat" goal.  I am not a quitter though.  Mid game I decided to cut a deal with a fellow competitor and diner and offered to split portions so we could taste more meats without exploding.  there were cries of "That's CHEATING!!!" across the table, but everyone knew it was a smart move and quietly adopted it themselves as not all the meats had come to our table and we were in pain.  Costela de Boi (beef ribs) was one of the table favorites, even after all the meat saturation and many requested seconds.  Costela de Carneiro (lamb chops) made an appearance, their dainty form teasing us. " just one more bite.  look how tiny and delicate we are"  This is how Mr. Creosote must have felt.  I think I was the only one to indulge in a lovely little chop. It was not "wafer thin" and I did not explode thankfully.  Others opted to have repeat servings of the parmesean pork,  the picanha, beef ribs, and the bacon wrapped chicken or filet.  The only thing that the table unanimously didn't like was the parmesan chicken.  It was dark meat with bones and some didn't like the taste or didn't like the bones impeding their meat eating.  I personally ate everything except the beef ribs, pork ribs, linguica, bacon wrapped chicken, and bacon wrapped filet.  And ate partial portions of everything else except the lambs, the parmesean pork, and picanha.  So I wasn't the table winner, but I didn't care I was happy.  oh yeah, forgot to mention the garlic mashed potatoes, tapioca cheese breads, and cinnamon bananas (to cleanse the palate between meats) were delicious too.  and our waiter Max looked like a young Nate Fillion for any Firefly fans. haha.
5	I love this place! The salad bar is good, but don't fill up on that. I've been there three times and the service has always been perfect. You must try their Garlic House Sirloin. It is seasoned perfectly. I've tried most of the meats and haven't been let down once.  Everything is cooked to perfection. If you have a special request, or if you want more of an item, just ask. I plan on going there at least twice more before the year's end.
4	MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT!!!  OMG, I can't eat that much meat!  But I did.  I've only been to one other churrascaria, so I don't have too many comparisons.  But I do know whether the meat is done well or not.  So Meat:  Brazilian sausage, Brazilian picanha, leg of lamb, chicken breast wrapped in bacon, crispy parmesan chicken, parmesan crusted pork loin, flank steak, pork loin, garlic marinated picanha, rack of lamb, filet mignon, pork ribs, beef ribs, filet mignon wrapped in bacon... did I forget anything?  The gauchos were rushing around with the meats on swords, I'm guessing that they were trying to make sure the meat stayed hot.  On the table, you get cheese bread, fried bananas with cinnamon powdered sugar, and garlic mash.  At the buffet, salads, salads, and more salads....  Plus potatoes au gratin, lobster bisque, mushrooms, beets, hearts of palm, cheeses, black beans, and more   Desserts are NOT part of the $46 price (dinner).  They are extra...  but they are HUGE.  The dessert tray presentation is plastic/rubber.  Some of the actual desserts come with caramel and chocolate sauce swirled into decorative designs under the cheesecakes, chocolate mousse cake.  There is also carrot cake, pecan pie cheese cake, bananas foster pie...  Non-alcoholic drinks are also NOT included.  The wine list looked good.  But I chose not to imbibe this time.  This restaurant is located on a corner of a shopping center (Town Center).  There is lots of parking available.  Service...  our waitress was great.  The gauchos are fabulous.  But I have to say the front desk with 6 people were not really on top of things.  There were lots of open tables, and yet our table wasn't ready at 5 PM, while the doors had been open since 4 PM.  We waited 10 - 15 minutes....
5	i love love loveeeeeeeeeeeeeee this place. the only bad thing, its expensive. and i dont think i can come here again until the economy gets better... and i feel like peeing away my money.by far the best meat is the garlic sirloin (picanha). you can always remember the taste of it over all the other meats. must dip it in the chimichurri saucemy 2nd favorite is the filet mignon... all of the rest of the meats are good but i would much rather load up on these two...CHIMICHURRI~! MMMMMHMMMM!lol... the fresh bar is extremely fresh, very good stuff. i like the goat cheese, buffalo mozzerella & tomatoi also like the mini hot section they have... lobster bisque, potatos au gratin... and my must have MUSHROOMS in WINE SAUCE...i love this place.... i wish they had more fruit, but they only have a little grape salad... and i also wish they had some seafood, but who goes to brazillian bbq for that right?for two people, its pretty expensive... the bill came to 120 with tip (98 before)i told myself id never eat here again, but i might change my mind b/c every day after since ive been i keep dreaming about a big juicy steak and the chimichurrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiii!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol
5	If I could rate this place 10+ Stars, I would. This place is the epitome of great customer service. We were seated, and our server Max asked us if it was our first time, and he told us what were gonna expect from them. Instructed us that if we need meet, just flip the card on the table so that it shows green, if you wanna take a break, flip it to the red side.I didn't know what to expect really, until they started serving meat. It was my first time and I thought I had to pay extra for every meat I get. I didn't wanna ask... lol... but I was doing good last night playing black jack, so spending $100+ here was not a biggie.Turns out, it's only $25!(to be continued...)
5	just the most amazing kick back and eat till you explode Brazilian buffet/steakhouse! Worth every penny!!!!
4	Came here for lunch with GF and this place is the shizzzznittt!  We came and didn't really know what to expect since i have never been to a brazilian steak house. I have to say it was different and amazing. Our server max  was super helpful and instructed us that you simply flip this little red and green card over when you want to be served the samples of meats and they come by frequently  when on green and when its on red they will not. Not to hard to understand. Then he instructed us to the salad bar that i thought was very enticing. They have more than just salad. I had bowls of lobster bisque, goat cheese torentinni with salami, some peruvian salad, sauteed mushrooms, :)Now to the meat which was all cooked medium rare, but they make it very clear that if you want any of it cooked more or less they will do it, and they lived up to it with no fuss at all.  We had bacon wrapped chicken, parmesan chicken, flank steak, house speacial prime rib, italian sausage, wine braised pork, and they alll were very good. I also had a glass of house cab and went very well with lunch. i would reccommend going back.
3	We went to Texas de Brazil after reading the reviews here and landing the 25% off coupon for registering on their web site.  After discount it's ~$35 + drinks, tax, and tips per person.  The service and food selection was great!  As everyone says, the salad bar was outstanding.  If you're a vegetarian you won't be disappointed!  But me being one that values meat over veggies, you need to control yourself because the star is still the meat.  IMHO, the filet mignon was the star, followed by the lamb chops.In general, this was a worthwhile venture off the strip.  I don't know if I'd go back given that we have Impanema in Seattle.  Impanema has a smaller salad bar, but they have a better meat selection.Texas de Brazil 3.5*** vs. Impanema in Seattle 4.5*** http://www.yelp.com/biz/ipanema-grill-seattle
2	Not all that.This joint has some of the best reviews short of Joel Robuchon but the fact is it's not much more than a glorified protein-buffet. The quality of meat is far from Prime; the salad bar is not bad; the wine list is fair; the service is acceptable. But overall, nothing outstanding. And for close to the same price you could get a great piece of meat at Envy or Joe's.This a good example of being careful not to take Yelp reviews as food-gospel...including this review.
3	The ambiance is fun. Very crowded, so you assume the food is good as people are getting ready to load up on protein. Personally, there is nothing wrong with this place except that the meats are TOO SALTY. Brazilian meat is usually very flavorful, but I think it's overdone here. I've tired SAMBA and VIA BRASIL (which I think both their meats are better quality, especially the latter). The buffet of sides include cheeses, rice, beans, lobster bisque, sauteed mushrooms, salad, olives, palm hearts, and more. Very plentiful. Nothing is extraordinarily good, just ok. Another thing that was annoying was how dark it was. If you like to eat in the dark or stare at your partner in the dim light then it may not be a problem for you. Let's keep in mind that for $45 bucks you can get a solid steak meal somewhere else. It all depends on if you are going for a buffet of meats.
4	This is biased because my brother works for Texas de Brazil so I've always gotten a pretty good discount on my meals here (the flowers and paintings are his). I usually stop by when I'm in Vegas since the California market is too inundated for them to open one anywhere near me :(.Service is wonderful! From the servers to the gauchos serving the meat they're always very prompt and helpful. We had a birthday here and they were great about handling the cake and putting on candles and all that jazz.Salad bar is enormous and it's hard to stay focused so you don't get greedy and overeat prior to the arrival of the meats. Once they start, they don't stop, we were just playing with the paper coaster and they started coming by in droves with piles and piles of meat. All the beef is angus quality and I never order the chicken so I can't help you there. Anyhow my recommended meats are: lamb, flank steak, the garlic house special strangely named meat, and the beef rib. Mmm...heart attack.That said is it the best steak I've ever had? No but you're not paying $110 per person here either. I can't tell if I like Texas or Fogo better but I don't mind being taken to either.
5	We ate here when they first opened - over a year ago. We thought it was O.K. but some of their meats were a little dry and over salted. Plus, paying just under $60 per person with tax and tip (soft drinks are extra) was a little steep. So, I didn't think we would be back. I previously signed up for their e-club rewards program. I would get occasional emails from them for 25% off, or 50% off, or a free meal on my birthday or anniversary. So, I printed out a coupon and we went back to give them another try. Was I glad we did!!!! Everything was better this time. In fact, it was some of the best meats I've ever had. The bacon wrapped fillet Mignon is to die for!! But everything was good. The garlic mashed potatoes, mushrooms, chicken, beef, lamb and roasts. None of the meats were dry or over seasoned. The service was great and the atmosphere is very nice. A little dark, but nice. They also had some items that I don't remember from the first time we went. Maybe it was because they were newly opened and hadn't got all the kinks out of a new restaurant. It has definitely improved. This time with the coupon, it was about $65 for two people with tax and tip. Drinks are still extra, but we usually just get water at places like this. You don't want to fill up on soda or drinks, you want to save as much room for food as possible, right??!! My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
5	I had an orgasm. Seriously. Ignore the bad reviews. They have no tastebuds. The different cuts of meat have their own distinct taste, and their mashed potatoes and fried bananas are delicious.Come early! Granted they open at 5:00pm, but we came in at 5:20pm and it was perfect! Not crowded at all, it was a two second wait, and there was no pressure to hurry up.   IF THIS IS YOUR FIRST TIME HERE, as it was mine, have them explain to you the rules on how the restaurant works. It will clear the confusion as I've read some had. Basically, you're open to have as much as you want from the salad bar, and when you're ready, you flip a card to green on your table to have meat delivered to you,  until you flip the card back to red when you want no more. Of course, the atmosphere is beautiful, and I like how the areas are divided so that it won't feel so overwhelming.  Now my biggest concern in any restaurant, are the waiters. They were amazing! Tentative, but it wasn't uncomfortable where they stand at your table the whole time. Everyone was friendly, and I would definately come back.
4	Recently in LV for a convention.  We took our sales reps there last year and it worked out well, so we returned this year.  I have always had a wonderful experience at T de B in Texas or LV.  Wonderful salad bar and the meats are perfect.  The service once you are there (Party of 15) is very good and they go out of their way to take care of everyone.  I always run into the same problem of OVER EATING.What prevented me from giving this place a 5 star rating was the reservation process.  Google and 411 has published a wrong number, so you couldn't call in.  Even if you got the number from their website, the hostess is not in until 2pm, so you leave a message; follow up on messages to confirm reservation was not very good.
5	Food Orgasm - seriously. I could have lived off the salad bar and been completely happy, but once the carne started landing on my plate, I got an erection. The flank steak melts in your mouth, the sirloin house special made love to my taste buds, the fillet then jumped in and wanted a threesome. The garlic sirloin made my mouth water,,,wait strike that,,,,,my mouth wasn't watering, but crying tears of joy. Oh if we had a TdB in San Diego, I would eat there every weekend. I guess I will just have to settle for the real thing when i fly to Rio next week. Texas de Brazil is a great date spot. Make love to your taste buds, then go home and make love to each other. Whew.....now I need a cigarette.
4	Went there with a friend for dinner (at his recommendation).  Wasn't sure what to expect but I enjoyed it very much.  The food was excellent.  However be warned... If you do not eat a lot of red meat you may want to go someplace else.  I don't know if I was in a food coma and didn't get the concept of the stop/go rules but 20 mins after being their I had to wave the flag of surrender.  Will def go back.
3	Im going to have to fit in with the "Its just OK crowd" as it truly is the truth for the money you are spending here. First im going to mention my server "Biff", my man is on point and very attentive and gets an A+ for me. Be grateful if your offered half the service this guy offers when your out in a restaurant in Vegas. The food.... many have already mentioned it, the hordes of meat, sides, and pretty slammin desserts. I have been here at least 5 or 6 times now and every single time i go i find myself eating the same 3 or 4 types of meat because its the only thing that i feel is prepared well and actually taste like a $45/head meal. Which would be the Filet, crusted chicken, Lamb chops, and the sausage. honestly the leg of lamb really turned my stomach this last time i went.. so proceed with caution. As many others have stated you can get a much more enjoyable meal in Las Vegas at $45 a plate and not feel as if your going to fall over because you were trying to get your money's worth. This last time i went would probably be the last time i return again for this meal unless absolutely requested by out of town visitors to go. I recommend anybody that wants to go please sign up for the email list and get your coupons to save some cash because paying the full price for this meal i just feel is out of line for a normal eater who might on his best day eat a lb of meat, as anything more your simply trying to play man vs. food.
5	I "get" that some people think its over priced for a buffet and that its priced like a good steak. If I wanted a steak and the usual sides then I would've gone to Austins for the same price or go get the best steak but that'll be significantly more- I come for the wide spread. Sometimes, I just want to try a lot and to me, that can constitute a good meal and is good value of  my money to get a variety and have a good experience. To each their own though on what is value.Came for dinner on my birthday with my BF,  his mom and grandma. Salad bar had a nice spread of stuff, all were nicely done from what I tried but I was not there to overdo salads. Like the sauces too for meats- mango salsa and chimichurri from the salad bar.Meats come out fast! A few rodizio/churrascaria you practically have to wave down waiters and ask for more meats..we had to put the red sticker up to pace ourselves as it was nonstop. All were nice, but I liked the pork tenderloin, lamb loins and the filet best. Service is great! Like I said the meat was fast, but also people came to clear out plates....I would throw my napkin down to go get salad and when I came back someone cleared dirty plates and folded our napkins nicely each time. I dropped my fork and our server already had a fork in my hand seconds after he heard mine clank to the floor. We had someone come to ask us how is everything and if there were any meats in particular we were looking for. Wanted more filet and tenderloin. Lot's of places ask or you tell them but they never bring it. Moments later, tenderloin and filet were at our table. Our main server was very attentive to us and our drinks and made sure to check on us often.  I like the ambiance too, modern and nicely done- some go overboard with the gaudy Rio themed decor, but this was a refined looking place.I had a certificate for my dinner free for my birthday. They also threw in a free dessert. Plus, early into the dinner grandma mentioned she didnt need another clean plate she was done because she eats very light- she had tiny bit of sides, spoonfuls only and maybe 2-3 pieces of meat. He charged us a lite dinner/salad bar dinner for her as she eats a child portion of food whenever we buffet. For the service and the discounts we left a very nice sized tip. It was a very good birthday and will be back. It's not the best rodizio I've been to in the USA, but its very solid food and it is the best of what Vegas has t offer. Still, the best service in a brasilian rodizio I've ever had and on my top list beat out by a few michlin star and fine dining establishments. That's saying something for a semi casual chain restaurant- they treat their customers well and put a lot of expensive fine dining "dont give a f*** about you unless youre rolling out big bottle service"  spots on the strip to shame.
5	Oh this was sooo good!We had made same day reservations at 9pm, however, even upon getting there a little early they made us wait!  It was strange because we were the only ones waiting for that long.  So my boyfriend got a little upset and asked them what was going on, and almost immediately they corrected the problem, apparently it was a screw up on their part.So one would think it would mean the rest of the night would have been spoiled, but instead they gave us one of the best seats in the house right near where all the meat was coming out from the kitchen and right next to the salad bar.Like the other reviews, everything was delicious, my favorite being the pork leg with the crispy skin.  Even their sides were tasty and I had to be careful not to fill up on the banana and garlic mashed potato sides! Despite our rocky begining, everything else was perfect.  Adam our server was very friendly and chatted with my boyfriend about Brazil, and of course once the other servers found out that my boyfriend spoke a little Portuguese everyone was a little nicer (not that they weren't nice before).  This place is a really good place to take a date, and for those other people that didn't like the dim setting, its called a romantic setting!  I could still see the food on my plate so I don't know what those other reviews were talking about!Also be sure to sign up for their online email system, we got 25% off our meal!  Total for 2 with tip was $100.
4	Came here for a birthday/ valentines day dinner.+1 The place wasnt crazy and we were seated promptly+1 the bartenders were very hospitable. I didnt get her name but she is the brunette and she is absolutely awesome!+1 creme brulee. i dont think i have to say more. +1 I think its about $40/ head which is decent pricing since a filet mignon at other restaurants is already $40! + i loved the plaintains! i think i ate like 3 plates of them+1 I preferred the salad bar to the meat! i loved the artichokes and the smoked salmon!-1 They sat a party of 10 in a small corner where were were elbow to elbow! it was really inconvenient and hard to eat. However they did give a little bit of a discount. ***** half of our party got food poisoning the next day!!!*****
5	Summery (lazy readers) :p-Amazing service normally found at upscale places. -All you can eat-Great atmosphere-Amazing food.-Mainly cold salad bar but very non-typical items. High quality.-Key things to try is the amazing Grape/blue cheese salad. (our fave) I was on my way out of town and we were looking around the beautiful new outdoor mall. (very un-Vegas) We were about to drive out and notice the Texas De Brazil. We knew nothing about it, but thought it sounded very interesting. This was about 11:30 am on a Sunday so it was not crowded at all. Right away we noticed the great atmosphere created by the design and decor of the interior. The hostess explained how the pricing and menu worked when we let her know we had not eaten there before. The price at the time was $25 a person. We were a little unsure at the price at first but our concerns were shortly put to rest.Upon arriving at out table we were greeted by an outstanding table server named, Taurus. (who was a Sagittarius by the way) And another server placed the napkins on our laps. Taurus was very personable and returned regularly to our table to be sure everyone was fine. Taurus explained to us that various forms of meat would be brought around. To signal that you would like to be offered meat, you had a coin on the table. To be served, flip to green side. to take a break flip to red. The 'salad bar' was amazing. There was very little traditional salad. Most items were well prepared cold dishes of high qualty items. Such as seconded cold shrimp, blue cheese and grape salad (amazing) four or five kinds of high end cheeses and a dizzying array of prepared vegetable dishes. The meat came around very often. We were never waiting for more than a few minuets when we had turned the coin to green before something else was brought. We took small portions of each so we could sample all of them. Our favorite ended up to be the sirloin and the pork. The choices if I recall were lamb, pork, beef and chicken. However there were many ways each one was prepared so there was a verity. The fried bananas turned out to be key in resetting the palate. The salty meats do tend to all taste the same half way through the meal. So use the bananas as a palate cleanser as they were intended. Throughout the meal the manager came to the table, as well as many other servers who were passing by who asked if everything was okay or if we needed anything. It was great... almost too much attention. almost. We even saved room for dessert and it was divine. The fudge cheesecake with raspberry sauce is rich and not too sweet. We shared this massive slice.  One thing that we did find a little odd was that the drinks came in bottles such as you would by at the market. Granted the coke was in a cute 10oz can shaped like a bottle. However for such a high quality place, cans and bottles looks out of place. I personally prefer a nice fountain soda with a heavy meal such as that. but thats hardly a complaint. Just a bit odd. Overall when we left we felt that the cost of the meal was well worth it. Its a great mix of steakhouse and buffet, but certainly does not have a cheesy buffet feel to it. I really recommend you go just after they open between 11am and noon. At least for the first time to enjoy the food without the wait or crowds.
5	Omgoodness, are you kidding me? This is the best meat I've ever had. Incredibly tender and absolutely ridiculous!!  The only two things I would have to bish about would be the price, which is pricey because it's a fixed menu and all you can eat. And secondly, they do not offer free refills, which always makes me mad. But other than that, the servers are very nice and the food is what will keep me coming back. FYI the lunch menu is only half of what the dinner menu is.I signed up for their mailing list on their website and they will send you coupons for your Birthday (buy 1 dinner get one free-not valid on Saturdays and holidays) and for first time signing up (25% off).
4	If you like meat, this is your place.  Started out at the salad bar table but didn't get many sides to save space for the meat.  The meat arrived one right another.  Filets, sausage, parmesan chicken, pork....you name it.  It's a Brazilian place, so they come and serve from the skewers.
3	Tried this place out for dinner since they sent me a buy one get one free birthday coupon via email.Our server was very attentive and prompt she practically folded our napkins every time we get up to go to the salad bar. The sides of plantains, cheese rolls and mashed potatoes were generously portioned and the salad bar offered a wide variety of items such as manchego cheese, prusciutto etc that I do not normally see at the other Brazillian BBQ places that I have been to.My favorite was their rice, black beans with sausage and sauteed mushrooms. Other than that, I steered clear of the rest of the items since I wanted to eat more of the meat rather than the sides.The meats were good, and my favorite was the top sirloin followed by the picanha and filet mignon. I just wished that they offered more variety of meat aside from lamb. Other places would offer rabbit, duck, veal, etc to their customers.Overall, its up to par with other Brazillian places. We'll probable come back when we get another free bday meal coupon.
4	Yummy!!
4	The meat is cooked and seasoned perfectly. It's a bit pricey, but I can eat a lot so I don't mind. Just about everything I had was good. A few things, like the chicken, were not that great.Don't fall for the salad bar trick. They have a GREAT salad bar, but you're paying the high price for the meat, so limit your salad bar consumption. You go to a churrascaria for the meat anyway, right?
5	Just got back and my wife had her birthday dinner! What a great place and those guys walking around with swords full of all kinds of meats! This is one of those places where everything is so good, you just can't get enough. I normally don't eat but a child's size steak, but this place is de Bomb! A true all you can eat experience and not just junk buffet food, but food made with some thought behind it. If you consider the price of admission here to be high, then you weren't hungry enough.Top ten for Las Vegas, Top 10!
5	This place deserves 5 star! Overall experience from the time we stepped in the doors until we stepped out was "amazing". Friendly & great  atmosphere.  It was my frist time trying Brazilian cuisine. Everything looked & tasted fresh. I like that we got to try the different flavors of meats.  Our server (lore) was very friendly along with the other staffs. She would come by here and there to check on  how we are doing. Asked if we had any special request, ( they're open to that). I.e if you think the fillet Mignon seems a bit mooey (rare) for you, they'll cook it more. This place is a bit pricey, but worth it! Its a Brazilian, buffet, steakhouse so wear comfortable clothes & Come hungers!
3	IMPORTANT: If you like eating out, then do yourself a favor and go to your favorite restaurants website and register with your email and birthday. Why? Because they send you free stuff emails on your birthday! Sometimes its free dessert, but most of the time you get a free dinner, with purchase of another dinner... So basically a buy one get one free. Not bad in my opinion...So that leads us to tonights story. I got an email from Texas de Brazil wishing me a happy birthday and a free meal with a purchase of a full price meal ($45).I go with two girls I know and we set out to embark on a carnivore adventure. I've had Brazillian BBQ before at Samba Grill @ the Mirage and Espetus in San Francisco. I know the drill... But I just wanted to know how this one stacked up.To be honest, I want to give this place a 3.5.We get seated and the nice waiter explains the whole process to us. Cool beans... Time to eat! We head over to the 60+ item salad bar and boy does this place have a great spread. From fresh Parmesan cheese to palm hearts to prosciutto to lobster bisque... I was impressed. On the table, they brought out fried bananas, mashed potatoes, and mini cheesy bread rolls that tasted like Cheez-Its.Now onto the meats... The only ones I particularly cared for were:Beef Ribs... YUM. Yes, it was very fatty but I guess thats where the flavor and tenderness came in! I loved this dish the most!!Sausages... I forget the name, but they were delish!Sirloin Steaks... With the ring of fat around the tender meat... What else could you ask for?!The Flank Steak, Garlic Steak, BBQ Ribs, Filet Mignon were all just ok... Nothing to write home about.The Chicken wrapped in Bacon was super dry. I liked this dish the least.Bottom line... Did I like the food? Sure... It was good but not great. Would I come here again? Definitely NOT for $45 a person... More like $60 with drinks, tip, and tax.I think there are plenty of other places where I can get a great meal for $60 or under... But thats just my opinion. Go out and eat and make your own opinions...! But remember to register on restaurants websites!! You're definitely missing out if you dont!!
5	This is going to be crude so if you are easily offended please move on to the next reviewAre you sure you want to continue?Really, this is pretty nasty?OK but do not blame me when you cannot remove this visual from your mind for the next few weeks,I ate so much red meat here I think I produced a hamburger the next morning! Damn it was good, most brazilian Churrascarias you can get your meat Medium, Medium Well, or Well done, here they actually had some that were everything from Rare to Well done depending on the cut and whether they gave you a middle section outside or just inside,etc and they were all delicious. The selection was great, and I have yet to mention the salad bar which was absolutely spectacular if I had just the salad bar this place would get 4 stars add back in the perfectly cooked meats and Wow!
5	I am still in a deep meat coma three days after ingesting half a cow (probably a chicken, pig and lamb too) at Texas de Brazil.  It was that good and this is coming from a girl who rarely eats red meat more than once a month.Yes, the restaurant is technically a type of buffet but the rich decor and attentive wait-staff at Texas de Brazil make you feel like a queen/king in your own personal dining chambers. At one point during our meal there were literally 5 different meat carvers/servers swarming around our table. We did not even have to pour our own refills from our pitcher of Sangria- they rush to top you off after just 3 sips.My favorite non-meat part of this meal was the decadent cheese wheels on the buffet table. I was literally giddy with delight to place giant four inch chunks of parmesean on my plate.A few of the other Yelpers have already mentioned this but just to reiterate go online and register with the restaurant. If you do this you can indulge in a free meal on your Birthday. That is a $45 free gift. Not too shabby.I am still recovering from my gluttony at Texas de Brazil and will definitely be visiting again the next time we are in Las Vegas.
5	Some of the best meat you'll ever try.Texas de Brazil was an awesome experience for us.  We had reservations for 6:30pm and were enjoying HH's at the local spots near by.  When we got there we were seated quickly.  The atmosphere was awesome, and we started getting food immediately!! We ordered drinks, I had a Caiprianha (DAMN GOOD) and my wife had a strawberry Caiprianha (ALSO DAMN GOOD).  The salad and soup bars were mind blowing.  There were so many options I couldn't believe it.  I think the sign said 70 items.  I was told by many to try the lobster bisque, and I did!! It was VERY good.  A rich bisque with a nice flavor though.The flank steak that the Gauchos brought by was one of my favorite meats.  And they cook it medium rare!! But really all the meats were great.  The ribs tasted awesome!! Melted in your mouth with one biteThis is truly a nice slice of heaven just south of the strip.  Our waitress was a Brazilian girl named Amanda who did an outstanding job waiting on us when needed.   In the very end they brought out a slice of cheese cake that was nicely decorated and had "Happy Birthday" written on the side of the plate.  Everything was as hoped it would be, we had a free meal because of the email my wife got for her birthday.  That cut cost in half and we were able to leave a nice tip.  We asked what to do about taxi's in that area and Amanda our server literally went outside to see if any were there.  She said they called 4 of them and they would be there any second.  That was great service and was really appreciated.  When we come back to Vegas this will be our first nights meal!
3	The food was pretty good.  They had a sald bar with some unique and fresh dishes.  After your done in the salad bar area, the waiters come by your table and offer grilled meats.  The meats were nothing too special - but good.It was a good experience with a lot of variety.  It was rather pricey a table of 4 - one bottle of wine $280 -  before tip. Nothing bad to say but nothing great either.Mostly for tourists I would say.
5	Great food a little pricy but the food is high quality
5	This place is a carnivores dream! The restaurant is gorgeous, the food is amazing, and it's all you can eat. I like to call this place the "lazy buffet" because that is truly what it is: you get your salad stuff but then you just sit and they bring over meat after meat after meat. Who needs all that walking around and carrying your own plates? Not I. My favorite part is that (pretty much) everything is included in the price of $50. Just come in relax and try so many great steaks and bacon wrapped chicken dishes. I am drooling just thinking about the filet mignon wrapped in bacon . Must have the fried bananas while you dine. They are light tasty and actually clean your palate so you can move onto the next cut of beef. The servers are really great too because your main waiter will come by with more potatoes and bananas but you can also ask for them to bring you over a certain cut of meat. The guy will be summoned right over so you aren't waiting for your favorite. If you pace yourself the right way, and don't over eat definitely go for dessert. The Brazilian Cheesecake is awesome! Just remember desserts and drinks aren't included in the price.
5	After almost 1 1/2 years being in/out to this Place. Man, what can I say: "Heaven of Meat Lovers!", "Swimming Pool of Fancy Salad Craving Monsters!"I've never get tired of this place, instead, I've been purchased their VIP Membership Cards (1/2 off on every visit) 3rd in the role now. Trust me, give it a try, you won't regret the Dinning Experience you will have, from Their Wide selections of Gauchos' style Meet choices: Beef, Pork, Lamb, Chicken and their Exceptional Brazilian Sausages to their endless Freshness of Salad and sides (Lobster Bisque is A+)..... Oh, Don't forget to order their Signature Caipirinha or any of their Fruity Flavor Caipirinha to accompany your Endless Goodness.... See you guys There! Join in their Guess Lists, Tons savings!
5	Amazing, amazing restaurant! My husband and I went here for my birthday and it was phenomenal. It was truly meat lover's heaven. There was filet mignon, flank steak, sirloin, sausage, chicken parmesan, and even bacon wrapped chicken all served by Gauchos with swords! Not to mention the salad bar is phenomenal! Huge selection. You definitely will not leave hungry! Before you go, sign up for the email club online and receive 25% off your first visit. Also, if you sign up, you get a complimentary dinner on your birthday! Pretty sweet deal!
4	An absolutely preposterous amount of meat.This was my second time here and it does not disappoint.  If you like meat the nearly mind boggling amount of meat will, well, meet your needs.The price might make some feel like they have to eat a certain number of lb. to get their moneys worth, but if you eat too much you'll feel it later
3	Great salad bar. Service was excellent. My plate was never empty. My only issue is that the meat (to me anyway) was seasoned with to much salt. This would probably keep me from returning.
5	Simply amazing.  Things I loved. Well it's a buffet but the food is great.   Loved the Pichania.  - not common from US cut of meat point of view but excellentLamb ribs Beef rib slices ( toss between this and pichania as my favorites) This is not your normal beef ribs.. think of the juiciest brisket ever. with Brazilian magic... yum.  Mashed potatoes.  Heavenly garlicy. Fried bannanas.  WowPlan simple amazing  ---
4	This place is great.  Best service in town.  All you can eat meat and a great big salad bar for non meat eaters.  Great for a big groups of people.  The selection is great and the decor is amazing.  Only one negative is that they sell soft drinks by the can/bottle.  But otherwise a great place!
5	I thought it was better than fogo de chao... and that's saying a lot since I'm a HUGE fan of fogo.GO HUNGRY... STARVE... oh, and MAKE RESERVATIONS.AHEM... a little bird told me to check out their website, and sign up for their newsletter and you get a coupon for 25% off on full dinners... there were 3 of us, and that saved us a lot of money.remember, most of brazillian bbq joints won't give you soda refills... just get water (tap, not bottle) to save you some few bucks. their salad bar was smaller than fogo's, but none the less, their smoked salmon was by far, the best smoked salmon i've ever had.
5	We LOVE Texas de Brazil.  We eat here a few times a year.  If you want to save A LOT of $$ sign up on their website for emails.  You will get a Buy 1 Get 1 Free email for your birthday and wedding anniversary.  The only time my husband and I eat there is when we have a coupon or have a VIP card.  We NEVER pay full price- always 1/2 price.The food is great.  The salad bar is great.  This place is a meat lover's dream.  I recommend asking to be sat in the front of the restaurant- your good if you can actually see the salad bar from your table.  We were seated in a different section once and we were contsantly having to ask for specific meats to be brought to us and we'd wait about 5 minutes- that was a sucky visit.  We usually don't get soda here- you get a glass bottle so that means NO free refills.  We usually stick with water or iced tea and whatever alcoholic beverages we like.I'd choose this place any day over an ala carte type steak house.
5	Had our wedding reception here on May 1st in the private room with about 100 guests.  Every single one of our guests LOVED the FOOD!!  The event manager Alexandra was awesome every step off the way in helping me plan this event.We are from San Diego and my husband and I have decided that every trip we make up to Las Vegas we will make it a point to eat at Texas De Brazil!!!PS - the Brazilian Cheesecake is the BEST EVER!!!
4	4.5 stars for Texas de Brazil.It was my first time here ever and first time experiencing churrascaria. When I first walked in, I was impressed by the decor. It was definitely not what I was expecting....which was a good thing. When we were being seated, we passed the salad bar which made me salivate. I just saw cheese and some cold cuts that I wanted to try. Tonight's soup was Lobster Bisque....it was good, but not the best. Since it was my first time there, the server took the time to explain to me how it worked, flipping the card to either the red or green side to get some meat. After getting some rice, scalloped potatoes, cheese and cold cuts, we flipped our cards to the green side. Immediately someone came and we were served the pork loin. The pork loin was tasty but dry. Next was the top sirloin....now that was some good meat! My favorite was the bacon wrapped chicken and bacon wrapped filet. The filet was so tender that it just melted in your mouth like butter. The chicken was so moist and savory that you just wanted more. Another winner for me was the sausage. I did not try the lamb, but I heard that leg of lamb and lamb chops are winners too. They also provided some cheesy bread bites, garlic mashed potatoes and plantains. I really loved the plantains and it was definitely a good way to cleanse your palate. Overall, I thought it was a bit pricey, but with the anniversary coupons or the 25%/50% off coupons, I think its a good deal. Definitely a winner and will be back for more.
4	OK remember that awesome movie you seen. It had twists and turns, until finally, at the end of it all you said to yourself, "Now I get it". Well Texas de Brazil is the same way the first time.The Second time you know what to expect. Dinner runs about $120.00 for 2. That's plenty of Jumbo Jacks with Cheese. So, save up for this one Yelpers, or go to a Good Steak House.
5	The best way to describe my experience at Texas de Brazil can be summarized in two words:MEAT DIM-SUMUpon the suggestion of one of my friends who has been here before he cautioned us not to fill up on the stuff at the salad bar rather start with the meat first.  Once we flipped our little indicator sign to Green all the meat carvers came to our table shout out what kind of meat they had.  My favorite were the Brazilian garlic roasted sirloin and the lamb shanks.  Both ere super tender and very flavorful.  There was so much variety that I cant even remember what I ate but I do remember that it was damn good.  About 30 minutes later, we were all stuffed.  The waitress was super friendly and very helpful in locating any meat we had desired.  If you are on the Atkins diet this is the place to go.  I highly suggest not eating lunch before you come because there's that many different cuts of meat that you can try.Definitely will be back!
3	If you plan to eat here 1) come hungry 2) drink lots of water --which you can't avoid because of all the salt and 3) make sure you have the sangria!  If you like to eat a lot, and you like salty meat, then you'll love this place.  I've been to several Brazilian steakhouses now and this one was my least favorite, though it wasn't bad.  What makes it not great is that all the meat is way too salty (and I have a pretty high tolerance!).  We even asked for low-salt versions, and those were still on the salty side.  My friends who live in Vegas have said the same about it when they went at other times.  That said, it's a gorgeous restaurant and the rest of the buffet items were good.  The best thing there is their sangria--I highly recommend it!
5	This is the Cathedral of Meat. This is where animals are slaughtered for me to worship. This is where I count my blessings and relish the idea that I am a true carnivore. I won't even mention that this place has the best salad bar in the country. The focus of this review is the MEAT. Hot smoking marinated meat served at the flip of my green light.  I must say that I will never really enjoy a good steak again. This place has it down to a science. As a steak lover, I've always enjoyed the burnt salty end of a steak combined with the pink medium rare interior. After that first bite, the steak is never as good as the first bite because it cools down on your plate. BUT Texas de Brazil has it down to  a science. I get to enjoy burnt fatty medium rare top sirloin that's served hot with every order. Hallelujah! All the other types of meat are good but the show stopper this the top sirloin. I just wish I have two stomachs instead of one....
4	Damn good!! but pricey hence the 4 stars. Definitely not meant for vegatarians, especially considering the price. Luckily, my husband and I are meat lovers. In fact, we are both all about the beef! Give me the cow!1. Salad bar- if you were to instantly compare the # of selections to that offered at Pampas (Miracle Mile Shops @ Planet Hollywood), you would think it was a small choice. HOWEVER, the selection at Texas de Brazil was so much better. Just goes to show quality over quantity is a winner. By the way, my hubby and I both highly recommend the chilled salmon and the sauteed mushrooms.2. The Meats- I'm starting to drool just thinking about it. All the beef meats were delicious. The pork ribs good but the pork was dry. The sausage was spicy and yummy. My personal favorite was the bacon wrapped fillet mignon. The hubby loved it all.3. The Dessert- After indulging in yummy meats and salad bar items, we were stuffed. But since we were seated near one of the dessert trays we could not resist. Lucky for us, you can get your desserts to go. And we did. I got the carrot cake and my husband got the chocolate mousse cake. Both absolutely fabulous, even when we ate them a couple days later. It took us that long to digest and recover. LOL.4. Ambiance and location- the restauant is in a stand alone building, located at Town Square, located south of the Strip, near the airport. The interior is beautiful and relaxing. Our waiter, Zan, was attentive and helpful when I was debating the Rioja or the Malbec to drink. Town Square itself is a neat, clean, pretty place to walk around. It's a mix of locals and tourists. Warning- some of the stores and restaurants are overpriced. My husband found the sign about the water in the fountains being imported.
3	Outstanding food and service but a bit pricey. Will I eat here again...no. There are plenty of Brazilian restaurants out there with the same, if not better service and/or food quality, at a more reasonable price. Don't get me wrong, my only "beef" about this restaurant is the price.
4	I ate so much I nearly split my pants!I love meat.  This place is like a meat-eater's haven.  You sit down and BAM!  There's meat everywhere.  Lamb, sausage, beef...I honestly couldn't tell you how many different types of meat and preparations there were because everything I looked up I was getting more meat.  My plate was literally never empty.  Oh, and although the meats are the featured attraction, they do have a salad bar.  And it's no afterthought for the animal-averse.  It's full of decadent...meat!  Seriously, the cold cuts they have at the salad bar are pretty darn good, including salamis and prosciutto.  There were manchego, brie and parmesan cheeses.  Oh, and they had some green stuff there, too.After chowing on all that delicious food, I had absolutely no room for desert.  And I am a total desert person, so I have to say I was severely disappointed that I could not even bring myself to sample the decadent offerings.  Then I got over it and had some more meat.I'd say more about my meal, but I need to change into something with an elastic waistband.
5	This place is a carnivores delight!I had previously been introduced to this place by co-workers while on a business trip to Texas. I finally got a chance to introduce my wife to this place when we were in Vegas a couple of months ago and she loved it! The servers run around with meat on a stick to put it plainly and you can have as much of it as you want. There are usually 12-15 kinds of meats there including, chicken, lamb, steak, pork, sausages, you name it! Aside from that, there is a full fledged salad bar with I would think 20+ items and of course a full bar. Unfortunately other Brazilian steak houses in the bay area do not compare to this one. I will most definitely eat here every chance I get!
3	ok.  this is difficult.  I gave them three stars because I ended up forking over $150 for my meal for two.I think for $150 I can go to a lot of michelin starred restaurants and some rather great restaurants off the strip and spend half the amount.  yes, it's a lot of meat but, guess what?  I had maybe a couple of ounces. And I am sure you only had a couple of ounces too.There is a lot of meat floating around but, unless you are a sumo wrestler you cannot possibly eat that much meat.  So price for price.  I can go to mortons get their $55 steak and it would be amazing and so much cheaper.If you are going for the experience of meat heaven then it would be worth it. You have to try and see where you stand on the meat thing.  It is weird to have all this meat brought to your table and it's just meat!Most of their cuts are overly salted so, I went for the inside cuts and stayed away from chicken and pork because if you are gonna pay money I'm getting the most expensive thing.What else?  If it was like $30 a person then it would be worth it.  $75 a person for middle quality cuts of meat that is overly salted is not worth it.  But you should try it because it's something different and then you will either love it or never go back again and detox for a week like I did.BTW, my friends love it so, no bad feelings just for the price you have the whole of Las Vegas at your fingertips for the same price.I mean Aureole, Strip Steak, Morton's, Lawry's.  Toe to toe Brazil can't hold it's own.
5	I had heard about this restaurant from two other couples (one was family) so I knew that it was good. I was also familiar with the concept of a Brazilialn Steakhouse because a friend (years ago) had told me about Yolie's on Paradise. But I wasn't sure that I was going to enjoy it (all the hand carved meat- at your table- is all you can eat), since I am not a "meat and potatoes" person. This was the first time for both my husband and me. My sister told us we should sign up on the website (texasdebrazil.com) and take advantage of the birthday month coupon you get when you sign up on their e-mail list. She also told us that we should make reservations (616-9412) because this place is so popular. We found that out when we got there. The entire foyer was packed with people who hadn't made reservations and were waiting- over heard that the wait was now 1.5 hours. Glad we made reservations. Living in Las Vegas, I've been to many buffets, over the years, and I knew what I wanted to do, at the ultimate antipasto salad buffet (included with dinner): choose what I really wanted carefully on one plate. Since I knew that I was going to eat meat, I avoided most of the carbs to avoid filling up. I opted for the salmon (my favorite at the salad bar), field greens, vegetables like asparagus, hearts of palm, grilled zucchini (my favorite veggie at the salad bar), grilled peppers, olives, crab sushi roll ( surprisingly good), salami (high quality), some cheeses like mozzarella (the best one I thought). There is so much more than what I am telling you like potato salad and fried provolone (my husband liked that). The soup that I chose was lobster bisque (my husband said it was salty and didn't like it, but I liked it). At the table, your server brings you a huge portion of mashed potatoes (too salty for me) and fried bananas (who needs dessert?)- will bring you refills.There is  a button that is red on one side, which means "stop", and green on the other side, which means "go." But they seemed to be ignoring that button on the table, because they all kept asking us anyway. The meats we got in our hour long visit was: lamb, pork tenderloin (my husband's 2nd favorite), filet mignon (my husband's favorite), beef flank steak (my favorite), parmesan chicken, and parmesan pork. There were other meats that came our way but we were full so we didn't partake. My husband's diet coke was $2.50, my passionfruit tea was $5.00 (big bottle). Drinks, Alcohol, and Dessert are extra. Our bill was $58.00. We tipped at the full price- it was the right thing to do. The service was excellent; the drinks are refilled, the dirty plates are taken right away, the meat carvers come often, the salad bar is top-notch, the meats are excellent (and we have our favorites). If you take our tips, sign up on their e-mail list, make reservations, pace yourself at dining, you should be alright. I felt full but I was not busting at the seams. Ok, I wore something with a little give, just in case. *Wink.* We really enjoyed it. My husband wants to make it our new birthday tradition (we've been going to Todai for years, but they changed their birthday meal promotion, though). We will definitely come again, as I believe that the wedding anniversary is also an e-mail member promotion as well.
4	Although I love this place, I take off 1 star for the price! I remember the first year when they opened it was less than $45 or am I mistaken?Anyway, the all you can eat Brazilian Meat is delicious! I love the Parmesan chicken, lamb chops, garlic sirloin and everything else! The salad bar has amazing selection! My favorite is the lobster bisque soup, which is quite filling.  The side dishes that serve with are amazing especially the bread balls and sweet bananas! Yummy!!!If you are not a meat eating carnivore, you can just pay for the salad bar for $29.99 instead of paying $46.99 that includes the meat. The dessert is excellent! I love the chocolate fudge mousse cake! The atmosphere is beautiful and the service is great! Not bad, but I still think that they should lower the price.
5	I've been waiting two freakin long years for TDB to open and was sooooo damn ecstatic to have dinner at this location during my recent trip to LV...the only TDB on the West Coast.I love Churrascarias and coming from the Bay Area, I've been to Espetus, Pampas, Maceio and Cleo's to name a few.  But TDB is seriously the icing on the cake, actually, it's the entire freakin cake as far as all Churrascarias are concerned.The meat selection, the quality and the flavor is unbeatable.  TDB by far serves up THE BEST Picanha hands, feet, head down.  My only beef, no pun intended, is that they don't serve up Roasted Pineapple. (If you've never had it, you need to try it!)  But, on the bright side of things, the side buffet offers an abundant and almost overwhelming amount of salads and delicacies, ranging from Potato Salad, Portabello Mushroom Salad, Shrimp Ceviche, Grilled Provolone, etc.What I really like about TDB is that they are consistent in decor, restaurant layout, food offerings and service.It gets busy here and quickly so I suggest making reservations.  We had reservations for 5:30pm on a Thursday and by 6pm, the waiting area and sidewalk was way crowded.  You have to call to make reservations, they're not registered on OpenTable.com yet.Another tip is, if you're a Churrascaria/Rodizio virgin, don't set yourself short trying to save a few dollars by eating here at lunch.  You need to experience TDB and all it's greatness during dinner.  Yes, $46.99 per person is a little on the high side but, very well worth it.
5	I was just here for Mother's Day with my beautiful mother. This place gets better every visit ~ I felt as if I ate more than usual (yikes!).  I know for sure I received major Momma points from my Mom.
1	To the point----  One half hour ago, we left this restaurant with the intent to write our experience fresh off the brain!  My friend and me came for the steaks....we wanted meat of the Brazilian fare....What we got was a plate full of sodium and a $70.00 bill for two salads, one of which I never ate because I started straight out with the meat!  Carnivore Style!  My friend had a salad and I ate meat, meat, and more meat----all salty------%%$#@!$#@!  We asked for the manager immediately and told him about the extremely salty meat, the mash potatoes that were also high in salt, as was the lobster bisque soup too!   Instead of being concerned for our findings, he said "I will only charge you for two salads"   I told him I will only pay for one, as I only ate meat and it was all salty and extremely high in sodium....He said "two salads---That is final!"      I could continue with the tit-for-tat BS...But you get the picture....We paid with AMEX and hope to file a complaint with them for half the meal...  One very tiny star----as is all I can see giving them for the terrific water that was served us!   We should have done the Buffet at Bellagios!!!!
3	Texas de Brasil was pretty good. I have been to Fogo de Chao, which is IMO better than Texas De Brazil, but the entire meal was really good. We were seated pretty fasy, and the server was really friendly. The salad bar was impressive, they had some really good salami and prosciutto, a fine selection of cheeses, and a bunch of salads that all looked good, but I never touched (gotta make the money back on the meat).I ate my way through most of the meats they offered, my hands down favorite was the Picanha, it was tender and juicy and cooked and seasoned to perfection, the Bacon Wrapped Filet was amazing as well, Sausages and flank steak were really good, the pork ribs were decent (I've had better), and the chicken was probably the biggest disappointment on the menu. The sides were good, the garlic mashed potatoes were good, the fried banannas were really really good, the cheese bread was ok. As I said I've had better, but this place will work when you have that carnivore urge to gorge yourself on meat!!!
1	Well, if yelp allow I will give no star, one star is still too much in this case (for me)... the food is so high in salt. The manager could careless your input and didn't care to make it right. So! if you needs salt in you, go here, you will get to your limit in not time.
5	Had my bday dinner here with a big party!! So yummy and meat soo delicious!!  I never ate so much meat in my life in one seating!! Great service, fun, loud ambiance, great drinks, yummy bananas, great side buffet!!  I just wanna go back to Vegas to eat here!!! hahah sign up on their website they will send you buy 1 get 1 free coupons and other promotions they have!!! Oh ya they give you a choice of a free dessert on your bday that's how they got their 5 stars!!!! Enjoy!!
5	At $44 a person, it's not the cheapest thing to eat in Las Vegas- but if you crave meat, meat and MORE meat, it's the best thing going! YOU MUST make a reservation, or enjoy waiting at least an hour, even longer to get seated. Once there, the salad bar is a bit exotic and better than most Vegas buffet salad bars. (impressive, actually!) The heart of palm salad was divine! But, be warned: don't fill up too much on that "stuff". Tasty it may be, but it takes room away for all that meat you'll get very soon.Bacon-wrapped filet mignon, is the stuff fantasies are made of. Tender, melt-in-your mouth bit of heaven actually. The picanaya sirloin steak is the real winner here tho, garlicky and seductive, it was a total surprise to me how -great- beef can be, and it was the one bit I got 2nd and yes 3RD helpings of.Taking the MIL there in August for more Texas de Brazil awesomeness. If you haven't done so, sign up for their online VIP club and your first check is 20% off. Not too shabby!
4	Ok, it's pricey...but it is very good! And if you take advantage of the Birthday coupon, it's a decent splurge. We took our time with the salad bar...so many items to sample. Husband said the Lobster Bisque was very, very good. I liked the shrimp...nice seasoning and super fresh. We were not super fans of the bread...remembered rave yelp reviews but just was bread to us...mashed potatoes delish, birthday boy ate almost 2 helpings of the bananas.The meat...did not even attempt to sample all of them. Of what we tried, hubby preferred the fillet mignon and I very much enjoyed the garlic sirloin...so much so I had seconds. :)  I was worried about the many reviews saying the meat was "too salty" as hubby does not like that but we did not find it so AT ALL...just a very nice seasoning. The service was impeccable and really made this a special evening. We were too full for dessert but what is a celebration without cake?? :) I ordered the chocolate mousse cake...it was good but I have been spoiled by a local restaurant's chocolate cheese cake and this paled in comparison. Hubby had carrot cake for his b'day cake and said it was extremely good. All in all a very good splurge. Oh, almost forgot...fresh brewed iced tea was delish! :)As other reviewers have said, you are each given a card ...green for more meat, red for I'm taking a break. Use this wisely! :) We decided to bring ours home as souvenirs...put them one each on bedside tables...mine is turned to green...so far no service. Sigh.
5	This is by far one of the best Brazilian BBQ's I have been too. It is a shame I do not live closer. They also have a vegetarian option for our non-meatarian friends. The food was GREAT, the service was EXCELLENT. They made a point to make sure that the waiters brought food to every part of the restaurant roughly equally. I can't rave more about the food It was excellent. My girlfriend at the time and I truly enjoyed this great place which we only went to on a whim after getting a discount card while attending CES. Would go to ANYTIME!
3	Just came here with a buy one get one free coupon they sent for my bday.  This place is really amazing but does anyone REALLY need to eat that much meat?  Everything here is pretty good but if you like rare, you may be a bit disappointing because everything is cooked to medium.  When you ask the servers they may say "medium or medium rare" dont believe them, most of the cuts are medium and up.  Unless u can see the blood DONT FALL FOR IT.at 45 bucks, i probably wont come back unless there's a coupon.
5	Worth the money.  Huge salad bar with a lot of variety.   Lots of meat, good cuts, well seasoned.  Delicious!  If it's possible to save room for desert, the deserts are amazing!
4	Excellent service, food was out of this world. Can't wait to go back.
3	This might be a bit of a bias review. Beef is not a big part of my daily staple. But I will say that this is an amazing venue. Lots of sitting space, great wine menu, and great/ attentive staff. Reservations can be made in advance.They offer a very wide array of meats, from lamb, to pork, to chicken, to beef, etc. They place a card in front of you to indicate to the servers whether you are ready, or not, to be served for the next meats to come. It is almost like a mobile carving station. Basically, all the carving stations come to you and ask whether or not you would want to try they meats. I have to say that the service in this aspect is amazing. You pretty much only get up for the salad/ starches bar, or for the bathroom. Also, they give you plantains in between courses to help clean your palette. The reason I give three-stars is that it is a bit pricey for what I ate. I have been here twice (and only reason why I went the second time was because I was not the one paying). It will set you back a good 50$, and that is without getting any cocktails or alcohol drinks. Both times, I do not believe I ate enough to make the price worth it. I will say though, they have a very impressive line of desserts. I have tried about four of them so far, and the Banana Foster is my favorite. So as long as you have a large appetite for meats, and actually can put away a good amount of food into your belly, Texas De Brazil is def. worth it for you. I don't mind going back again, as long as I am not the one paying.
5	Come hungry...and leave full. The quality and the options is just amazing. The salad bar offers gourmet options that you can't find at your standard buffet. The meats are excellent. So many options. The service is great...my glass never got empty.Yes this is not a place for cheap eats....but it is a meat lover's paradise. Sign up on their website for promotions.My favorite place to eat when I go to Vegas now.
4	Hi There all,  just a quick review...Reservationists - Great and friendly. They must have a database because when you give them your name and number, they welcome you back. Nice feeling.Ambiance - Very nice. Can be casual or smart business. Seen people from Ties to shorts in the place, and it all looks part of the right mix.Food - For Carnivores... can't beat it. Everything is awesome.  Beef Rib is very special and it does not come around frequently, so ask for it. Dried cheeses on the Salad Bar are exquisite.  No need to review everything as all the food here is top notch.  Just be hungry and then pace  yourself, or you will eat things that will fill you and then something really appealing comes out and you are full.Wine - If you are not a wine connoisseur, no worries, they have starred recommended items and their suggestions are fantastic.Great experience, great food, fun for groups, but noisy due to large dining hall. Always fun when we have a few extra bucks.
5	Oh. My. Geebus! This place is amazing. Some friends and I stood in Vegas for a week and after eating all over the strip this place took #1 (yes above the Wynn buffet). The food just kept coming and coming, at first I was overwhelmed, but once my plate was full I was too busy eating! I do wish they had more veggies because there was so much meat! Don't go if you're only slightly hungry, go starving!
5	Okay.  This place is why God invented the concept of food.High praise, I know.  And I even hate emphasizing the gravity of any product (especially since this is a small chain) over its service, but good.  ness.  grac.  ious.There is phenomenal near-perfect steak and then there is this.  The marinade they use on the meat is only complemented by the way they cook them.We walked in on a Saturday evening, only having heard of the place hours before.  Being the Steak connoisseur, I could not turn down the temptation to eat as much protein as I wanted.  I felt like an invincible, dominant predator in the serengeti of Africa - limitless options, but a very limited stomach.So (like all good Brazilian all you can eat marathons) I tried one of everything.  My girlfriend aimed for the salad bar before the meat started falling on our plates, but I just took her word for it - I wasn't there for plants.Every piece of meat that we tasted was a little better than the one before it.  Flank?  Chicken? Filet mignon? Sirloin?  Lamb?  Ribs?  You bet I had one of each, and I was wowed almost every time (I'm not crazy for anything wrapped in bacon - and they wrap almost everything with it for variety's sake).  Oh my I'm salivating just thinking about it.My favorite phrase in our greeter's intro?"Hi, my name is [Jennifer - I don't remember] and I will be one of your many servers, tonight."And so I suppose I must mention the service.  It was good.  Pretty good.  I couldn't tell you anything else about them.  I don't remember any one in particular, and to tell you the truth, they all could have been on unicycles with glowing necklaces with babies hoisted over both shoulders for all I know.  All I know is I just paid attention to the knives and the food that came off them.The prices are a bit overwhelming, but the amount of top-grade, high-quality, tender and perfect meat I consumed surpassed that of any other cost-efficient steakhouse I've been to.  Even at $40-ish a plate, I can't help but think I robbed the place in that one hour.And I think it's especially worth mentioning that their website has a birthday program of sorts: free birthday meal.So...  if you're hungry and you have the moolah, stop reading this and go get those serengeti animals!
3	The Skinny: hit or miss items but in the end satisfying (3) Service: was okay when we went in a small group but was terrible in a very large group... see rating below, Value: it's pretty expensive for what it is - $45ish for food without dessert or beverages (2).We came here before when we had a 2 for 1 coupon and more recently for a large meeting.The food here lacks consistency. Of the highlights: the top sirloin, the bananas and some portions of the salad bar. The top sirloin was well seasoned and tender. The bananas were nicely cooked and flavoured well with cinnamon and sugar. The mashed potatoes were good but not really exciting. The ample selection veggies at the salad bar were well-prepared - the sweet and sour beets were particularly lovely.Despite these good selections, there are some clear missteps. The clearest examples include their lobster bisque, potatoes au gratin, sushi, and leg of lamb. The lobster bisque didn't taste like lobster at all and sported an unpleasant, unexplainable sourness. Potatoes au gratin should have been more appropriately been labelled "potatoes swimming in watery maroon Velveeta". Yeah... it was that bad. The leg of lamb was overcooked, dry and tough. Finally, the sushi. Why is there sushi at a Brazilian steakhouse? Based on hard-as-rock mediocre maki, I have no idea.In a place like Vegas, it can't stand up to the better buffet places on the Strip (Bellagio/Wynn) in terms of quality and value. Finally the service. We had fair service the previous visit when we went with only 2 people. Probably would have rated a 3.However, at the meeting, they tried to squeeze 80 people into 4 long tables. As you can imagine, getting to the salad bar with that many people at the same time was a major clusterf@#k. It was impossible to get any beverage refills at all. Then, the passadores (the dudes who bring meat to the table) came by with limited selections of meat. Due to limited space issues, the meat jus splattered on the table like a bad horror movie. The service in this setting would rate a 1.5.
2	Given that I travel quite a bit and have dinner with alot of clients, I have had the opportunity to try various Texas De Brazil throughout the US (Dallas, Miami, and now Las Vegas).  This Texas De Brazil was not that good.The service was very good.  Wait staff knew their orders and took care of you.Environment... a bit too noisy for me.  Food... salad bar is excellent.  However, the meat (actually -- most of them) were beyond salty.  Usually, Brazilian food is salty, but this is beyond extreme.  I think it was just for that night.  It happened to be the wrong night... The ones in Dallas and Miami were cooked to perfection...Overall, for the price, location, and quality, it was average.  For $40 a pop, I rather go to the buffet at the M or Asia buffet... cheaper and more bearable...By the way, the best Brazilian Steak house that we ever ate at is located in Dallas --- Fogo De Chau --- totally awesome!
4	I love Texas de Brazil, but I always come home miserable afterwards. But its only because I chow down.... The salad bar is awesome, but I do try to focus more on the meats and not fill up on salad and the other items at the bar. The meats are all great. The bacon wrapped filet, flank steak and the garlic sirloin are my favorites. The leg of lamb is pretty good too. Sign up for their eclub and get a 25% discount on your meal, and even a free meal for your birthday and/or anniversary.  But most importantly, make sure you go hungry. :)
3	Super expensive what you get. Nice buffet, but the meats leave alot to be disired in flavor! with tax diner is over $60/pp, drinks not included.Service was excellant, very attentive, caring staff.
3	Food is excellent and atmosphere is beautiful. More expensive than I care to pay for a meal, however for a special occasion it makes a great destination. Must love meat! More meat than one could ever imagine, though the salad bar has a wonderful selection. If you're on vacation or need a place for a special vacation, this place is worth the trip. Come hungry!
3	This was my first visit to Texas de Brazil and it was an okay experience.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The salad bar was quite good.  There are tons of cold food options.  As for the meat, it was just okay.  It is hard to go wrong with all you can eat meat being served table side, but it could have been better.  Most meats were just okay tasting.  Everything seemed to be cooked a a perfect medium to medium well, but the taste was nothing special to me.  Even the fillet was nothing special.  The best tasting food I had all night were the fried bananas.
5	First time eating Brazilian food and heard about this place and it didn't disappoint. Great food and service. Would recommend.
4	Great food, great service, great atmosphere. This place is not for everyone, but if you are a carnivore like me, this is the place to be!! Its an endless run of steak, ribs, chicken and lamb, with a salad bar thrown into the mix. the meat was all cooked to perfection, I prefer my steak a nice medium rare, and this is how it was served, my wife on the other hand likes hers well done, and after asking, all of her food was served well done from there on. we are fans of Texas de Brazil for sure!!
5	Lord have mercy.  I would work here if I got paid in steak.  This place is my new food crush because seriously it's tasty.  Tasty doesn't even verbalize the epic-ness in this food.  I love this place.  If it wasn't expensive I would eat here every week.  1.) The service has been great every time I've been here.  They also make sure my party knows how it works (although I am a pro now).  They also come around and check that we are doing great and getting the cuts we want.   The gauchos always flock when we flip that coin to green and are quick about it too.2.) The meat....oh buddy...I can't even begin to say how delicious it is.  I don't like the lamb or the chicken, but they are awesome with pork and beef.  I love the sausage...so tasty and spicy.  The best thing? Fillet minion.  So. Darn. Good. The last time I came I had six.  It's like butter.  The other bites of awesomeness is the top sirloin.  I love the crispy bits and the top sirloin is crispalicious.3.) The mash potatos, cheese bread balls, and the salad bar.  They are an afterthought for me but a nice palette cleanser from all the tasty meat.I love meat. I love Texas De Brazil. Mm.
2	The first time I came here I rated it 5 stars - the server was beyond amazing.  Unfortunately, she must have spoiled me because this time the service sucked - but I would have thought it was good enough without that first "completely blown away experience".We went on a Monday night to celebrate my husband's and son's birthdays (yes their birthdays are a couple of days apart).  I mentioned it as I made the reservation and again when we arrived.  Our server seemed distracted and he wasn't very friendly.  Hard to get his attention for side refills and drinks, etc.  And really, why only bring one banana chopped in half for a table of 5 - if they would only bring enough for the whole table - we wouldn't need to ask for more.  The food as always was amazing - even my vegetarian daughter loved the salad bar, especially the shrimp and the cold asparagus.  The gauchos however were wonderful with their heaven-sent meat!!!  But one thing that really bothered me this time was how expensive the sodas were - $3 + for a little 8 oz soda with no refills.  And no mention of the birthdays whatsoever + we were never even asked if we wanted anything for dessert.  I wasn't expecting free dessert mind you - just a little birthday song for my son that many of the other tables were receiving.When we could finally steer our servers attention back to our table long enough for the check - it took him nearly 20 minutes to pick up our card to charge it then another ten minutes to bring us back the receipt to sign.  Made me nervous enough to search our bank records for a few days afterwards.  Let's just say when my husband asked where I wanted to go for my birthday this week - I picked Via Brasil - I always know the service is going to be wonderful there EVERY time, no matter which server we received.
4	I have enjoyed Yoli's on Paradise, Samba Brazilian at the Mirage, and now Texas de Brazil ... And my vote for the best Brazilian steakhouse in LV is ... drum roll please ...Texas de Brazil.  What puts them over the top, is their fantastic salad bar. The meat is wonderful, plentiful, and served promptly, but the beautiful display of salads and sides was too alluring to ignore. Despite my intense preoccupation with animal flesh, I succumbed to the appetizing distraction and thoroughly enjoyed the wide variety of fresh options like imported cheeses, grilled veggies, and an amazing lobster bisque.Being sure to leave tummy space for a small petting zoo worth of critters, I happily inhaled various beef cuts (sirloin and flank steak were amazing), lamb chops (awesome), chicken, turkey, pork (a tad dry), and sausages.  Gnaw on, carnivores!
4	We had our first visit here while on vacation in Vegas. I had heard great things from family in Vegas. So while in Vegas we decided to have lunch/dinner here. What more can I say that hasn't been said. It is pricey. It is a meat eaters dream. The salad bar was great and so was the other stuff that is on it. The meats were good and were cooked really well. Its not a place to take kids because I think it would be a waste of money. Wish they had one in Reno.
3	All you can eat (not including dessert) for 50.00.  The meat was okay. Most of it was way overdone but on the plus side all you have to do is ask and what you want will be delivered in seconds. I wouldn't go back by myself but if friends wanted to.. No problem!
5	We had some special friends from Seattle roll on through and they wanted some Brazillian BBQ. I had a great experience here on my birthday (see last review) so I felt good about taking them here.  Food was good with lamb still being my favorite. Service is friendly and good, but I think it's hard to top my last experience and still wish I got the guys name because it was inspiring, impeccable service. Sure, it's still pricey and I can't really get behind that often (good thing their eClub gives promotions out fairly often)  but I feel like overall I can count on a satisfying meal here so I'll keep the 5 stars. In the end it's about feeling good at the end of the night with a full belly. Our visitors seemed very happy with it so that to me is always worth a very positive rating. Nothing makes me happier than happy friends.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars based on the great experience I had, but I think the quality of the food should get around 3 stars. For their dinner it costs about $46/person not including drinks, so it's pretty pricey. So you start off by going to their salad bar. You're going to want to pile your plate with a lot of greens just to help all the meat go down! Their salad bar was pretty extensive with a lot of variety and it also had some hot dishes too like rice and soup. I tried their lobster bisque soup which was the special that nice. I found it way too sweet, so I didn't waste much stomach room on that. Then when you get back to your table, you flip your little meat indicator card to "green" and the meat starts coming immediately and it doesn't stop unless you tell them to stop hahaha. Lots of different cuts of steak, and chicken, and sausages, and lambs. Wow. I don't even think I got to try it all. This place is good because of the wide variety of meats you can try in one meal. However, I don't think the quality of meat was the best. Some of the pieces were a little tough, or too salty for my taste. Advice: Don't get too much meat at once because they'll start to get cold on your plate if you don't eat it fast enough. The meat servers make many rounds with the meat, so just keep telling yourself that they're coming back. Also, the fried bananas that come with the meal are AWESOME and you can request for more. We didn't even touch the cheese bread that came with the meal too. Haha this night I definitely wished I had two stomachs. Overall: pretty good food, great service, nice dining experience. So go give it a try!
5	I went here for the first time a week ago.  I loved it.  The salad bar was the best one I've been to.  I personally loved the smoked salmon, the prosciutto like slices with cheese and toast points, and the sauteed mushrooms.  I loved the bottom sirloin, beef rib, and garlic sirloin.  I had the papaya dessert and wasn't too thrilled about it (Maybe because I'm from Hawaii so I have high expectations of papaya, LOL).  But the other desserts were good.  I highly recommend this place and I'll be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I honestly love the decor in the place really industrial meets classy, but thats just party of the experience. The food here is like any other brazillian steak house. You start with salad and soup ( unlimited offerings even throughout the meal ) , when your ready a flip of a card brings sides and entrees to the table. Steak's of all cut from top sirloin to flay ming yong wrapped in bacon. There is also rib which are excellent, lamb which is fair, chicken. Why anyone would consume more chicken here then steak is confusing but its there and offered wrapped in bacon! Sides are Pao de Queijo ( baked bread rolled into balls with cheese ) , fried bananas, and gralic mash potatoes. Deserts here are pricey but a good way to end a meal. I am really unimpressed with a few things. Though my service was excellent the food really wasn't. Bacon wrapped steak was good, i've had better and larger pieces at Fago de Chao. The other meats were so so, lack of seasoning and  meat options ; as we came a little after they opened. The lobster bisque was OK. Reading some people who raved over its taste is amazing, because it really wasn't that great and probably the least liked thing by my party.
3	About 16 people went to dinner and they were quick to accomodate such a large group. The waitress come out and explained the process to us all: grab a plate, load up on whatever you want from the salad bar, and guys will be walking around with meat....lots of meat; have as much as you want. They also placed garlic mashed potatoes and butter/cheese bread on the table. The salad bar was good - lots of diverse options to try. The lobster bisque soup was a hit as well. The garlic mashed potatoes and butter/cheese bread were delicious, but had to limit my intake of sides to keep as much room as possible for the meat. The guys came around with everything; parmesan chicken, bacon-wrapped chicken, pork chops, filet mignon, and more. Sooooo much food. The negatives for me:1. Price - being a girl, I dont think I ate my $60/person (including tip) worth of food. I really just can't eat that much and it's hard to spend so much money when I know I'm not getting the same value as the boys to my left and right. 2. The commotion- as soon as the waitress explained what the process was, the guys with meat swarmed the table. It made it hard to have a conversation or even relax and enjoy the food when someone was scooting in next to you every 3 minutes with a 3-foot long skewer of meat. I just couldn't imagine having a relaxing or romantic dinner here with so many interruptions in the food. 3. They gave us all little disks (red side and green side) which were supposed to indicate if we wanted more meat or not; which I imagine would fix my complaint above, but I had my circle on red the entire meal and was still approached every few minutes.
5	Get ready to pay for it ... but be pleasantly surprised that it will not make you sad after the fact.  This place is  second to none.  I have been to several of these Brazilian type grills & none have provided the selection that his place does.  They serve a filet that is killer ... just melts in your mouth, and they bring you how ever much you can stuff in your face.  Well worth the money spent (even though it is quite a bit).My suggestion if you love meat - don't waste any space on the salad bar area ... they also bring you mashed potatoes and fried bananas ... so good.  I want to go back and eat some more after writing this review.
5	Ah, I LUV LOBSTER BISQUE! But don't load up too much on the appetizers because you have to leave room in the belly for meat. Meat, meat and more meat. Oh cometh all ye carnivores, this is a must if you are visiting or live here in Vegas. Green light, red light, just keep the meat coming this way baby. :)
3	I've been a fan of Brazilian BBQ for years.  I love the way that meats are served from skewers to you by gauchos, somehow this transports me to the vast countryside of Brazil with open grills and puts me in a great Samba mood.Texas de Brazil is a blend of rustic Brazilian BBQ and a sophisticated steakhouse.  The restaurant boasts a dark elegant interior and a lively atmosphere.  There is a beautiful salad bar near the entrance of impressive size.  I love many of the grilled and marinated vegetables available (mushrooms, zucchini, hearts of palm, olives, etc...).  They are a great compliment with the meats.Their meats lie on the saltier side and there's a reason for that.  They want you take advantage of the citrus garlic oil and mango salsa provided at the salad bar.  They don't do a good job of telling every patron this, which is unfortunate.  My favorite cut is definitely the garlic sirloin, both tender and savory.I like to pair the meats with the sweet plantains that come with your meal.  In most of my experiences, the plantains are fried superbly and made from such fresh bananas.  Don't forget the traditional Brazilian bread balls, perfect if they are eaten warm with the citrus garlic oil!I have had similar quality Brazilian BBQ for a less inexpensive price tag.  They also need to train some of their gauchos better; I've had a few inattentive gauchos ask me if I would like more meats when my indication label clearly is turned to its red side.
4	I've got no problem paying the $50 for eating here... The food is great; the servers are friendly, responsive and numerous; the setting is very appropriate for either casual or more formal events. Just go hungry; and I'd suggest wearing stretchy pants and don't be in a rush. This way you can eat....rest.....eat some more.....rest.... repeat as much as you like.
5	Awesome Brazilian steakhouse. Food was wonderful, service was spot on, very clean with a great wine list - what else can you ask for?
5	The money to food ratio is very well balanced! I wouldn't normally pay $50 for a buffet, but trust the 5 star rating, it is definitely worth every single dollar! The ambience of the lighting is a bit dim for a buffet, but once the eyes adjust, it's no biggy!I came here on date night with my girlfriend and by the picture of me holding up a lamb chop, you can tell, we were VERY pleased!  The set-up is perfect and service is unique. If you haven't been to a Brazilian-style buffet (Samba inside Mirage), they have servers called "gauchos" that walk around serving the various meats from enormous swords. I recommend you ask your server (not the gauchos) how their little system works, but if you read on, you'll get it from me:Texas de Brazil token of service-- The token that is colored on both sides with either green or red will be your way of controlling the flow of meat to your table. Much like the traffic lights, green means go and red means stop.  So if you're craving for meat, flip that bad boy over to green. If you've had your fill, flip it back to red.  Although in my own experience, they'll still come up to you even if it is red. It may get annoying if you're trying to enjoy your food and you have to tell the gaucho, "No, thank you." with a mouthful.The soup bar is delicious! I enjoyed the Brazilian cheesy bread with the tomato basil soup VERY much! Take your cheesy bread for a dip in the tomato basil and you'll really have something going on! :)  The salad bar has a great selection of cheeses and salads.  The different salads and cold foods are exotic and may not be for most, but hey, if you love food, you'll try anything.  The red meats are VERY tasty and delicious (drooling as I'm imagining the steaks!), the pork is a little dry to me, and the chicken is a bit on the salty side. The only downfall to their almost perfect establishment is that you have to pay for dessert :( Someone should request that dessert be an added feature to the dinner prices!If you haven't yet, sign up on their website for your anniversary date and they give you a BOGO deal on your anniversary! Great + to their already great service and buffet selection!  I will definitely return for another adventure with the gauchos and steaks! YES!
3	Plenty of reviews so here's my two cents: Make reservations to this joint. Don't wear anything your afraid to get meat juice on. Ask for ice water and don't be fooled into flat water or carbonated water. The salad bar is great. The meats can't be beat. Come hungry. I mean hungry. Remember to pace yourself. Your paying a pretty penny to eat here so don't rush the process. Grab a big handful of their mints on the way out the door. Go home and ease into your food coma. Sign up of for their email club to receive specials. They give military discounts and children under 4 years old are free...
5	What's not to like about this genius restaurant?  Well, maybe just the chicken, it was too dry. Now that that's outta the way, onto my review! Because the rest is all positive.Me and my gf celebrated our 2 year anniversary here so I made reservations prior that night.  As we walked in we were immediately greeted and got seated pretty quick.  Our server David, who delivered excellent service by the way, explained how everything works real thoroughly.  After, we went straight to the famous salad bar. My eyes were so amazed at the selection they had. You ever go to a wedding and they had fancy oer'dourves (or however you spell it)? Yeah it's kinda like that but with way more.  My favorites were the smoked salmon, potato salad, zucchini, grilled provolone, the fresh salami, the shrimp!!  I kept sayin "Dam babe!" to my gf.When we returned to our table there was little warm bread bites waiting for us.  I wasn't really a fan of these. It was too chewy and almost felt raw and uncooked to me.And now for the men serving meat on swords! There's little pads on your table you can flip that's green on one side and red on the other. Green meaning "Yes! serve me some meat!" and Red meaning "No, but serve me meat anyway!".  As soon as one guacho serves you, more just keep coming.  They were all really polite and they always served the lady first.  Filet Mignon, Flank steak, sausage, garlic sirloin, lamp chops!! I was goin nuts! "Dam babe!" the dinner also came with garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas.And for the desert, (not included in the buffet) they bring out a platter so you can choose what you like, we chose the Brazilian cheesecake, ($9) but couldn't find anything brazilian about it.  It was still good tho.  But for $46.99 a person, Texas De Brazil is waaaay worth it! Plus we got 25% off just  for joining the eClub at Texasdebrazil.com. Highly recommended to everyone who likes to eat.
4	i went here for my bday ( you get a free meal for your bday u just have to signup online) and it was one of the better brazillian places i have been to. their salad bar was to die for. aside from the salad bar they also have a buffet of side dishes like potatoes and cheese assortments, olives. they even have soup.. the lobster bisque was excellent.of course they had their meats paraded around the restaurant... all were well cooked and well seasoned, high quality meat. the chicken could get a bit dry at times but the beef was always excellent. you truly will go into a meat coma after the experience. one of the best things they have is the fried plantains. they are one of the best that  ive had ever. the service was average nothing too fantastic. the ambience was nice. overall a good experience and worth the time and money.
5	I had ZEE most elegant evening here with my BF. We celebrated our 2nd year anniversary here. First of all.. I have never in my life had any kind of service like this before proper etiquette and everything!When we came in to claim our reservations, the host called us by our last names. Like "Mr. Santos". It was pretty amazing since it was both our first times here. We got to our table and the host automatically pulled out my chair for me. And bonus was that she pulled out the chair I prefer sitting in, which is facing out instead of facing the wall. Then, she placed my cloth napkin over my lap. Our server came over and asked for our drinks. They actually brought us out some complimentary Champaign, Cordon Negro to be exact. He also explained how this whole process works. Basically, there's this circle shaped card which is very important if you wanna eat the good stuff. It's green on one side and red on the other. Red means you don't want to be served and Green means bring it on! This is for the Men with swords of different types of meat walking from table to table. But before I do speak of the main course.. Our server pointed us to the salad bar. This is no ordinary salad bar. For the lack of words, it was HUGE. what amazed me most was that they actually had different types of cheeses. And a small selection of sea food. Such as; zesty shrimp and smoked salmon. Everything from there tasted just as good as the main course.So, not even half way into finishing our salads.. We decided to flip the card to green.. And these Men with swords did not waste a second and came rushing over. At almost every corner of the table there was; Filet Mignon, skirt steak, lamb chops, flank steak, Brazilian sausage, parmesan chicken (which was kinda dry and I think they should just stick to steak) and my FAVORITE of the night... The Garlic Picanha. Our server brought out some mashed potatoes and these sweet bananas to cleanse our palates. And I didn't even need my A1 sauce.And amazingly, we had room for a little taste of dessert after. I mean it was our anniversary and you gotta end it right with dessert. Our server brought over a sample tray of all their desserts. We decided on the Brazilian Cheesecake. I don't know what makes it Brazilian, but it was pretty delicious.If you're not really picky with steak, but would love to explore the different cuts. This place is a good start.
1	I've always enjoyed eating here but today's service was so poor that I felt compelled to inform my fellow yelpers.  We waited for more than 10 minutes after being asked "what type of meat we would like" and actually had to ask a total of 3 times.  One of the diners in our party found an object (glass or plastic) in his lobster bisque and upon bringing it to the manager's attention, was offered an explanation that it was a button.  After several minutes the manager returned and offered him one free desert. How generous.  We declined.  I'm saddened that the overall deliciousness of the meal somehow gives the entitlement for such poor service, especially for the price.
1	I have been here many times for both lunch and dinner, always great food, always great service. But today a different story. I got the lobster bisque and it was accompanied with a half a button. I gave the find from my soup to the waiter, he apologized. The manager came over and again apologized. The waiter came back a little later and stated that the Manager would like to offer me dessert for the half a button that was in my soup. I'm sorry but... Dessert??? I already lost my appetite with finding a hard plastic button in my favorite soup, dessert???? Texas gets a HUGE thumbs down in the customer service!!! I can totally understand something in my soup... But hell.. Free dessert?? Buy my f'n lunch manager!!! Or at least have the customer skills to ask me how he can resolve the issue, offer me something himself but instead you leave it to the waiter to say something ???I think the waiter should have been the manager and the manager should look for another non customer interaction based position.
4	I ate there weeks ago and I'm still full. *burp*It starts with the salad bar which is a salad bar on steroids. Really, goat cheese? Olives? This is way more than your average salad bar which is good and bad all at once. You want to save room for your meats but you just can't pass up the goodies displayed at the salad bar. After that, it's time for the meat and greet. Don't waste your time eating meat you know you don't like. Pass and stick to the items you know and love. Trust me, there's just no enough room to make any mistakes here. My fave was the prime rib, best I ever had [period]. Everything else was second best, if that. Oh and there are side dishes too. Best mashed potatoes I've had. So creamy. Some sweet plantains. So good, it's like dessert. I almost did the Kobayashi move and started massaging my stomach to make room for more. Oh yah! And Sangria...lovely, so lovely. This place is great and spectacular service as well.
5	this place is AWESOME!! oh my god! i cannot rave enough about the food! you definitely have to go there on a empty stomach! our favorite was the strip steak and the filet. it is a bit on the pricey side, but defintely worth it when you look at how much meat you will be getting for $40-something per person!
4	Went here with my lady for our anniversary back in March, I know...so long ago!  I totally forgot to Yelp this place.Texas de Brazil puts the 'Meat' in meaty!  This churrascaria is a carnivore's paradise!  Me...I love the red meat so I was all over this place like Fred Flintstone on ribs!  Perfect place to get your fill of succulent flesh...one serving after continuous serving!  No pain no gain!  Cholesterol?  Who cares!  Garlic breath?  What garlic breath?  Loosen my belt?  I don't need no stinkin' belt!  Let the gluttony ensue!After being seated at our 'special' table by our hostess (LOL, I reserved a more intimate table but their idea of intimacy is to place us smack dab in the middle of the restaurant...but it was ok) our waitress kindly asked us if we had been to Texas de Brazil before.  After we said 'No' she went through how the entire process works.  She showed us how we were to start with the many offerings on their salad bar, and when we were ready to partake in some of their many meaty masterpieces (my words, not hers) all we had to do was turn our little marker over from red to green and their gauchos would start bringing those fancy skewers to our table.Just the aroma of this place made me sooooo hungry!  Their salad bar rivals one you might find at a decent buffet...but much, much better.  There were so many great choices!  I had decided to fill up on the meat earlier on but couldn't resist partaking in many of their salad bar delicacies.  I could come here just for the salad bar!  I tried:- Buffalo mozzarella with tomatoes-Asparagus with strawberry sauce-Hearts of palm -Marinated artichoke hearts-Tabbouleh (so good)-Cauliflower salad-Roasted red peppers and mushrooms-Spicy tuna rolls (yes!  Sushi at a Brazilian joint!  Ha Ha!)-Lobster bisqueAll were great!  The spicy tuna rolls were a bit on the generic side but what can you do?  They're not Japanese so I'm not gonna knock them for it!  There were so many other things at the salad bar I wanted to try but needed to save the room!  During our jaunt at the salad bar we noticed that some sides had arrived to go with our dinner, which I totally didn't expect.  These guys want to kill me before I reach the meat or what?  All were very good:-Garlic Mashed potatoes - Creamy and extra garlicky..yum-Sweet Fried Bananas - Great for in between meat courses and very addictive, I think we had at least two orders of this-Brazilian Cheese Bread - Damn yummy and great for sopping up all those precious meat juices on your plateThis was fun, but I was so ready for some meat grindin'!  I prepped my lady and told her we were going in, and I turned over that marker to green.  In less than two minutes (I kid you not) our first gaucho had arrived!  In a few minutes a little line of gauchos had formed because they saw our plates were empty!  We just took everything that was offered to us...we ended up with three plates full of meat on our little table!  We got to sample (ok, more like devour):-Garlic Picanha - One of Texas de Brazil's signature meats, so garlicky!  Crispy, juicy and delicioso!-Filet Mignon wrapped in Bacon - What isn't good wrapped in bacon, eh?  It gave the tender filet the flavor punch it needed.-Flank Steak - It was a bit overcooked and didn't come out rare like I like it, but I think because of the marinade they use it still came out nice and tender.-Ribeye - I got nice fatty line running through my piece!  Score!  So juicy and flavorful!-Parmesan Chicken - A bit on the dry side because it was definitely left on to cook too long-Parmesan Pork Loin- Moist, and very good flavor with the parmesan crust-Leg of Lamb - I rarely eat lamb (the flavor bugs me) but this was surprisingly flavorful and done well-Lamb Chops - For not being a lamb conoisseur I ate this bad boy up!  Not gamey at all, very juicy and tasty!  I had like 4 of them!-Brazilian Sausage - Nice and spicy, crisp on the outside and full of robust flavorsIt was meat heaven I tell you!  Almost everything we ate was good, but what made some of the cuts of meat stellar was Texas de Brazil's in-house made chimichurri sauce.  This stuff is excellent!  Made out of parsley, cilantro, oregano, garlic, red pepper flakes, lemon juice, canola oil, salt, and pepper, it added so much flavor to their already succulent meats!  I could put this stuff on a leather shoe and it would taste good!By the end of our meat-a-thon we were stuffed.  Like super stuffed.  Like I was about to give birth to a baby cow stuffed.  We absolutely had no room for dessert, although many of their offerings looked delicious (and were huge portions as well).  I slowly waddled out of this place full and happy.  Did I mention I didn't touch red meat for two weeks?!Excellent service.  $45 per adult, but join their e-club and get generous coupons!  I got a BOGO for our anniversary!  !  Save that dough...eat some meat!
5	always good!
5	WARNING THIS IS NOT FOR HERBIVORES or your stuck in the salad/cheese bar. BooooThey bring around meat on sticks to your table and you get to choose which kind you want. It's primitive it's brilliant it's good. Meat on sticks, thats the primitive part. Why not come here eat fillet mignon, lamb chops, pork, beef, EVERYTHING.The herbivore bar is there to help compliment your meat.
5	This place is bomb, and is worth the price.  The quality of the salad bar is tops, all roasted vegetables are awesome, cured meats, fresh cheeses top notch.  All the red meats are flavorfull and they will cook it however you want it.  Service is good as well.  Highly recommended and come hungry.
4	If I had never gone to the Texas de Brazil in Florida for dinner, I would have given this place 5 stars. Their dinner is more expensive at $50 a person while lunch is $25 but the meat selection and the salad/endless buffet table seemed to be much larger during dinner hence the price increase.Saying that, I'm going to review this place like it was my first trip to Texas de Brazil. Amazing! The leg of lamb is to die for. I had to request for lamb because the guy never came to our table. What a shame because I would have gladly eaten just the lamb the entire meal! The sausage, chicken and pork are okay.. go for the beef and the lamb. It's the best- juicy, tender and sinful! They also have filet mignon so you can definitely eat your moneys worth here- easily. I don't really remember what I was eating, I just kept nodding my head while chewing because I didn't want to stop when the men with the meat came to our table asking if I wanted the meat. Sorry I was so rude and unladylike! This is what Texas de Brazil did to me...I really liked the salad/endless buffet table. The lobster bisque was good but a little too salty. The rice.. OMG. I love my rice but they must have put crack in theirs! Who the heck goes to a buffet to eat rice?! Apparently I did because I had two generous helpings. They flavored it with fat or cooked it in a mixture of broth or water.. I don't know but it was really flavorful. The cured prosciutto and salami were also delicious and the quality was very good. The spicy cauliflower wasn't overcooked, lightly flavored and a great addition to my already full plate. The asparagus is always a winner as well as the button mushrooms. The marinated artichokes were okay. The flavored shrimp was a pass for me. I was excited for this since they didn't have it in Florida but it tasted like Chinese dim sum which was weird to me. Dessert is not included in the cost of the buffet but I saw slices of cake being ushered around and they looked delicious! For the price you get the endless buffet table and all you can eat amazing Texas/Brazil style BBQ meat. There is a Brazilian soda which I can't recall the name of but it tasted like cough syrup in a good way.. WTH right? It's good, trust me. At first sip I didn't want it but the taste settled on my tongue and it was quite pleasant. Beverages are also not included in the price and sodas are about $2.50. My mouth is now salivating thinking of everything I ate that day.. if only they had one in the Bay Area!
4	Went there for anniversary and it us a great place to celebrate. A little on the pricey side. It's 46.99 for dinner which includes the salad bar and all you can eat meat. They have ribs, chicken, pork, and lamb. All well marinated and seasoned to perfection. Servers are very attentive. You also get a side of bread, mashed potatoes, and sweet banana with brown sugar. Also saw Carlos Santana, which made it that much better.
4	this place is awesome for a meat lover expensive though but its worth trying at least once if you love meat all meat is a tad salty but good the only thing that really sucks about this place is that for $46.99 per person soda, iced tea or coffee should be included but no they don't even refill your soda each soda $3 for 6.5oz size that is obscene but i say go try it any ways you won't be disappointed with the quality of the food.
3	I would give this place a three and half, just cause there prices were outrageously expensive.  Ok, I do understand I'm getting a slice of the most expensive meats...but com'on? It felt like I paid for a $60 meal.  For a meal of three including 2 desserts, we paid well over $175.00 not including tax.  The meats were good, but not worth the price we paid for.  I highly recommend the sausage if you do end up trying this place.  For some reason I didn't like the ambiance of this place.  For something expensive like this, I would expect a high class meal.  It just felt noisy and crowded. The idea of people serving you slices of meat that's warm and juicy, is pretty genius though.  But overall, I thought my experience was....I can't find the right word except "BLEH." Our waiter did not clearly explain how you get pieces of the meat, I had to learn that by myself put it's pretty quick to learn. I felt like trying to get our waiter's attention was hard, even asking small things like the dessert menu, refilling drinks, or the basket of bread was difficult.  I think if you're looking to get the all you can eat meat, and are willing to pay the price then yeah...go for it! But honestly, I think you can get a better meal for a decent price.  It won't be all you can eat, but I didn't find that worth it.  You get incredibly full fast.
5	If meat is what you like, then this is the place. We had reservations and were promptly seated when we arrived. The side are buffet style and very good. They had servers walking around with large skewers of meat that stopped at your table whenever you had the green button face up. All of the meats were excellent. The service was great.
4	Totally fabulous and delicious.If you're a meat lover,  you MUST head to Texas de Brazil.  There are a handful of Brazilian steakhouse choices in Vegas (Pampas, Yolies, Samba), but we decided on TdB for our meat fest.  The bonus was that young children eat free.  Sweet!  The sidebar is awesome (especially the bowl of crispy bacon pieces), but trust me ... save room for the star of this show.  The MEAT.  (and the cheese bread)The filet and flank steak were my favorites.  Skip the pork and chicken as they weren't anything special.   As I sat there inhaling bite after bite, I wondered how much meat Man vs. Food could put down.  I know he'd put me to shame for sure.  The service was spot on and the creme brulee dessert was totally unnecessary, but absolutely tasty.  This location is at Town Square which was the cutest outdoor shopping area I've ever seen.  Tons 'o parking.  Total for 3 adults (no alcohol) came to $188 not including tip.
5	Texas de Brazil is a must stop every time we are in Vegas! Skip the casino buffets and prepare yourself for some amazing meat. The side bar alone is to die for!! Just remember to pace yourself because you can easily be satisfied with the side bar alone.If you get over excited and food finds its way onto your outfit, no need to freak out....we found out that they also offer dry cleaning!
3	Wonderful churriscaria. Came here because we planned on going to the RumJungle (which is now closed). Great foods, sides bar had some surprises (lobster bisque, crab rolls) but just didn't quite measure up to my old favorite digs (RumJungle).  Great selection of meats, my favorites ended up being the beef ribs and the pork ribs, everything from tenderloin to turkey. And it arrives FAST.Made 745 reservations, checked in at 7 and waited in the bar til about 8. But overall a good experience
2	Overrated. Salty meat - ask for no salt and they'll make it for you.
4	My first Brazilian BBQ experience did not disappoint.  I'm not a big meat eater, but I made an exception for this meal with a group of colleagues.The dinner menu is fixed price, and includes a salad/appetizer bar that easily provides a whole meal alone.  The lobster bisque was awesome.  Lamb chops and rare tenderloin were my favorite meats.The food is never ending, and most of the side dishes are very rich - so go hungry.  Others complained about the price, but I thought it was reasonable considering the quality and quantity of food.
5	I'm not usually a fan of chain places but this place is MY FAVORITE PLACE IN VEGAS!!  The scallop potatoes are so delish!!! Cheesy crack balls...yes please!! Filet mignon....prime rib....strip steak.....yum yum yum.Fresh mozz, asparagus, goat cheese....love love love. And then there is more meat of course...pork, chicken, and lamb. Great atmosphere, perfect for all kinds of events....I have been here for new years, birthdays, and my BFF's wedding reception.Service is attentive and on point always!! Love that they take reservations too!
1	Not impressed! The meats were very salty! No refills on soft drinks! The filet was really dry! We were celebrating a birthday and the dessert wasn't comped? Extremely over priced!!!!! Not worth your money! I went to the fiesta casino buffet and paid $6.99 and had better cuts of beef than here!!!!
5	Texas de Brazil is a large chain of Fine Dinning Churrascaria Style Restaurants.  They are on par (in size and distribution) as the Cheese Cake Factory and are international.  The dining area is large with two side rooms (also large) that can easily be turned into private dining or party rooms.  The decor is commissioned by either the owner or corporate of local artists that lends a unique touch to each establishment.  They have a full bar and a wine selection that any 5 star restaurant would envy.The service is top notch and extremely pleasant while helpful.  They strive to make your dinner an experience.  While pouring your water they cover the opposite side with a cloth as not to splash the table.  Since this one is in Vegas you can see people dressed as if attending the Opera seated next to a guy in a beanie and shorts.  Now on to the food...The "Salad Bar" is absolutely something out of a dream.  Offering obvious salad and ruffage to sushi, cheese cart, and other offerings that would rival another establishment's main course.  The servers of course carry out the more than 14 different kinds of meats on a skewer and will slice the meat for you.  You then use tongs to take the meat and place it on your plate.  There is a small circular card with a Green Symbol or a Red Symbol like Go and Stop for the servers to recognize if you want them to serve you.There is no hurry here as you can stay as long as you want and eat as much as you want so pace yourself.  They have everything from filet mignon, to chicken, to lamb, to rabbit, to the house special strip steak, etc etc...The food here is very good and it comes out as quickly as they can make it.  No complaints as the food is high quality.Please understand that this is not a "Buffet" so they do not give "free soda refils" nor are the drinks included in the price.  I love how people compare this place to a buffet, very inaccurate to say the least.  Also understand that the price is around $50 each for dinner that does not include beverage or liquor, and the awesome desserts are also a separate charge.  Expect to drop $150-$200 for a dinner for 2 including wine and dessert.  If you want free soda hit a buffet.*Note* Celebrities often frequent this establishment especially if the UFC or Boxing has a huge card.  They will be everywhere in the restaurant the night before a fight.  Give respect and don't ask for autographs or photos while they eat...
3	Been here Three times i like to come here when we get a two for one in the email (just sign up for the email club and get free dinners) we had 7:30 reservations and didnt get in untill 8:00. and was so busy that the salad bar was coverd with people. nowhare to get in we circled two times before finally cutting in. The peppercorn sauce was awesome, the meats were alright lamb was nasty smelling and tasteing.Maybe it was old? blah lost my appitite after smelling it. its not worth the fifty dollars a peice but two for one is great.My honey is sick of this place,if i could talk him in to going again maybe we will go back.
4	soooo worth the $$$$!!!  amazing!  The salad bar and the meats are fantastic!!!  The bacon wrapped chicken, garlic sirloin steak are my favorites!  try to save room for desert, the bananas foster pie is awsome!
4	I'm a hardcore carnivore.  This place is perfect for me.  Lol.  Except, as much as I think I can eat a whole cow, I really can't.  I got full too quick.  Maybe from inhaling my food in a quickness.  The filet and house special sirloin were my faves.  So tasty!  I wasn't really feeling the salad bar items though.  I got a whole plate of salad bar items, and at the end, I noticed I hardly even touched that plate.I did enjoy the mashed potatoes and cheese bread with my meats.  Wine menu is very extensive.  Sweet bananas was my dessert instead of my palate cleanser lol.  I think it's over priced, but maybe because I can't eat $50 worth of food.  Service was excellent too.  We'll definitely be going back, just not often.  Next time, I'm starving myself before we go.
4	I've now been here twice and feel I have learned something after the second trip. First, get there early. Try for when it opens. Less guests means quicker and more gaucho service for you. Second, go with a smaller party so you can be in the main dining area. Again, it may also help to get there early. The first time I went, we sat pretty close to the salad bar. Because it was such a high traffic area, the meat never stopped coming and you rarely had to wait for anything. The second time I was there, it was with a much larger party, we were in the side/back room and the meat servers seemed to disappear at times. However, if you get there early and get a good location, you will be in meat lover's heaven. And don't listen to people when they say save the room and stay away from the salad bar. It's more than a salad bar and it's worth a trip. I say eat the salad bar and skip desert. If eating is your idea of a good time and you like copious amounts of meat, check this place out.
4	As a vegetarian, I highly value any restaurant that offers selections catered to my diet. Texas de Brazil has a varied salad bar that would suit even the pickiest carnivores. I love their huge wheel of grana padano, as well as their vegetable selections.My only complaint is that most salad bar selections are pretty salty and very similarly herbed/flavored. A more varied pallet would be appreciated.I've been three times now and we are guaranteed to return. Excellent service and the staff allows you to linger.
4	If you sign up for their birthday club you can get a free meal from them yay! I can't remember if it's bogo or just free since I've gone with my hubby both times and paid for one dinner anyway.  The salad bar here is better than any other Brazilian bbq I've been to (Greenfields in So. Cal and Fogo de Chao in Los Angeles).  The meat is very good quality and also very tasty.  On our wedding anniv. the waiter brought us a slice of the chocolate mousse cake--very yummy!  The service here is top notch and so is the food so I say you should try it out.
3	Sign up for eclub and got 25% off, can't wait to try.Very nice restaurants, and "VERY" popular on Friday night, two people without reservation, we was wait for 2 hours for a tabel and keep extend for waiting time...(-one star)Lobster Bisque a little bit salty, salad bar was really good, picanha very  tasty, filet mignon was ok, filet mignon wrapped in bacon was overcook,  flank steak...REALLY REALLY SALTY...(-one star)Compare with our next day's 24 hours meals "Buffet of Buffets" $39.99 per person...I "LOVE" Buffet of Buffets better.P.S. Waitress was very nice and refills very quicky.
1	Don't eat at this place if your date is attractive and you don't want a bunch of annoying guys hitting on her, especially if you request the good meat since you paid $49 and reject the chicken they try to force on you.
1	Do NOT wait for an eClub coupon.  They are slow to act and slower to care. From their Feedback page."To Whom it May Concern:I don't know if this classifies as a Dining Problem or an eClub problem, as both seem to be missing an element of professionalism.Going through a third-party for eClub signups is one thing, having one that doesn't support those who sign up for it is another.  And having a restaurant that won't go the extra mile is, frankly, sad.I called just now to the Las Vegas location, with an attempt to redeem my girlfriend's voucher for a free meal.  We have been in search of a Brazilian all-you-can-meat gourmet location, and I was so impressed the first time we came.Since [the voucher] did not exist (we both registered several weeks ago), we called the restaurant for some advice to see if anything could be done to accommodate us.  The short answer, (after 4 unanswered calls and a three-minute hold time) was a resounding, "No."  ("Occasionally," said the hostess, "You might get a belated coupon or something.")The hostess assured us that a complimentary cake-like dessert with a complimentary candle could be afforded us, but that no special accommodations could be done.  Just the kind of service I would expect from a McDonald's.As an amateur critic for restaurants through several websites, I was dumbfounded, after our first experience, to see how unwilling your restaurant was at helping out its potentially-loyal patrons.Suffice it to say, we're boycotting the location and telling our friends and colleagues about the unfriendly service you seem to provide.  Actions are, after all, louder than words.Furthermore, I feel I am doing your company a service by allowing you to understand the situation that others (including myself) that have been subject to this kind of treatment.  It would benefit you to know you are losing significant business through this lack of courtesy.Please respond.  I was just growing to love your restaurant.  This experience has hindered that significantly.Your potentially Loyal Guest,Tyler"
1	Extremely over priced.  Every meat dish was either overcooked, undercooked, or too fatty.  EVERY MEAT DISH was toooo SALTY!!!  The only thing decend was the sausage, but sausage is decent at McDonalds, too!$8.00 for a slice of cake, to boot!  $70 a head.  No way, no how.  And I'll tell others to stay away as well.
4	Amazing food! The salad bar was the best I have ever have and the meat is unreal. The staff is constantly bring food to your table. Service was ok, our waitress seem to have an attitude. I know its just one experience but that is all I got. I gave it four stars because the crazy high price.
5	I was in Vegas for 5 days on a business trip, this was Day One, my first time trying out a Brazilian steakhouse, and Texas de Brazil has set a really high bar!There were 9 people in my group, only one person had came here before. This was the highest I ever spent for an all-you-can-eat at $46.99, but for ordering nothing but meat, everyone needs to try it once.Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon was awesome, and lamb chops got the whole table excited. So much of the night was a blur because everyone was just focused on the food. Out of the 5 days in Vegas, I can still picture the food in my head and can't wait to experience this place again the next time I'm in town.
5	Love itThis was the first brazilian steak house I had been to, & after trying 4 other type of Brazilian BBQ steak houses Texas de brazil is still tops. 45 bucks isn't bad consider the variety of what you get. I've been to places that charge 30 or 35 & the meat selection is a lot lower, & the quality doesn't compare. Don't get me wrong the places that range about $30 are still good but Texas puts them to shame.Over the last two years this place has become really popular especially in Vegas so don't be stupid & expect to just drop in on a weekend without a reservation & wonder why your sitting outside for a few hours. The place gets so busy around diner time that you might have a 5-10 min wait even with reservations.I've seen a few bad reviews because they tend to come around more often with cuts or choices of meat that people don't care for as much as filet in bacon or lamb. A valid beef (no pun intended) but when you think about it there's about 50-70 other tables in the place filled with people, everyone else is going to want to try the best before they fill up on some chicken breast or flank steak.I've been to this location about 9 times & the service has always been fantastic, the servers always check in with you to see if there's anything you haven't had a chance to check out, & will make sure someone brings it over to your tableBottom line, if your a fan of steak or just meat in general this is the place to be.
4	Meat heaven.  I wonder how many pounds of meat this place goes through a day?  I've been to this location over 10 times.  First of all there is no reason to EVER pay full price.  Sign up for their email list and they will send you a BOGO coupon for your bday, anniversary, fathers/mothers day (I actually had pictures of my niece stored on my phone in case they asked about our "kids" the first time we used them) and a couple of other days.  Need more coupons?  Use your other email account and set up other bdays!  The coupon doesn't work on Saturday though :(My wife and I were vegetarian for the entire month on January so this was the best place to end it.  Best things on the menu are the filet, lamb chops, any of the sirloins, the flank steak and ummm...more lamb.  Best strategy is to get 4 meats and then flip your thingy to red so at least you can enjoy those pieces while they're hot.  Otherwise you're just barraged by piles and piles of meat and you have no idea what is what. It's a good thing they haven't hired people with Chinese restaurant dim sum experience or this place could get crazy!!!!!!!!Sure it's not the best quality meat but its one of the best places in town to gorge yourself.  Easily one of the top 3 restaurants I would take a friend that has been in prison for 3+ years.
5	Very good selection of meats. To a first time person that doesn't prefer rarely cooked meat, just tell your waiter when first seated. He or she will make sure they send the more cooked meats to your table. Also do not miss out the fantastic "salad bar," has everything from shrimp, goat cheese and much more.
5	A group of friends and I decided to try this place out as we are fans of Brazil BBQ. They have a  bar that you can sit at during your wait if you want a drink. We were seated and pointed to a buffet style bar. Fruits, seafood, cheeses and other appetizers to start with before the meat makes its rounds. Our two servers were very polite and knowledgeable of the meats. They were able to describe each meat's palate so we knew what to expect. We decided to try everything. I loved it all. I tried to get take in the taste of every different type of meat. I think I lost it after the first glass of wine and third piece of meat. Sorry guys. All I could do was sit there and say yum while drinking my glass of wine. All while enjoying the food we had a good conversation with our two servers every time they visited our table.I am definitely coming back to this place the next time I make my way out to Vegas.
5	I celebrated one of my friends birthdays here, and it was great. I don't know what was better; the never ending salad bar, or the never ending meat train. LOL. Although this place is a little pricey, it is the perfect place for a special gathering.
5	Meat orgy! I'm not sure if i can really describe how good this place is. One of our group said. "this is so good i'm going to cry" and tears actually rolled down her face. Her husband, a chef, didn't say a word because his mouth was always full of beef/pork ribs, bacon wrapped filet, etc. Far and away the best lamb chops I've ever had. Plus thes guys have one of teh best salad bars I've ever seen but I highly reccommend skipping it to save room for the delicious carne.The group has been talking about this meal for weeks and some one recently said, "you know I just realized that no one even thought to ask for any salt/pepper or any other sauce. I don;t think it crossed anyone's mind"
5	Dear Fogo de Chao, I cheated on you. I'm sorry, but I was in Vegas, and you know what they say about Vegas...and you weren't here, and I was hungry, and I thought it was just going to be a one night stand, slumming it in sin city...but I think I'm in love. Don't worry Fogo, we're not breaking up or anything, but just know a little bit of my Foodie loyalty will always be in Vegas. Love, Jessica A. *****Ok, on to the review. I saw a billboard for this place on the South end of Las Vegas Blvd, and frankly it looked cheesy. Texas de Brazil? Churrascaria? Ok, I'll give it a try. It's got to be at least as good as Greenfield right? Right? Please, let it be at least as good as Greenfield. So, we decide to try it on our last night in Vegas, and pull in to the shopping center where it's supposed to be. Drive around a little, and eventually find the place. Looks nice, weird front doors, looks like they're not open. Step inside, and immediately feel under dressed and transported somewhere far more elegant. I take another look around, and feel better, the other customers are dressed casually. It's just the hostesses who are in tuxedo jackets and pearls. We check in, and are given a pager, even though they say the wait is only 2-3 minutes. We walk by the standard buffet portion, what they refer to as a 60 item buffet. Apparently, different days of the week they have more stuff. It all looked wonderful, but I refuse to fill up on the cheap stuff so I kept walking. We were seated at a beautifully set table. I say seated because it was a process, we were assisted, extensively in the seating process. Chair not only pulled out, but pushed in, napkin in lap, etc. Our server Eric was already waiting by the time my butt hit the chair, offering beverages. Fine fine, beer, sparkling water, Grey Goose on the Rocks. Lets GO!Flipped the card, and we were off. The food was amazing. Amazing I say. Started with filet mignon, which was to die for. Then they brought bacon wrapped filet mignon. Parmesan encrusted pork tenderloin, brazilian sausage, more filet mignon. I request picana, and Eric's eyes light up. Right away, he says. Then, up swaggers the Gaucho who's specialty is Picana. He slices off a piece, and I'm in heaven. He asks if I'd like another, and I say I prefer something a little rarer. Ah, of course! Right away, then, the picana just kept on coming and I could have died happy. The food was KILLER. Maybe even a half a star better than Fogo de Chao. The service, was amazing. The folks at Fogo are attentive, very attentive, but the people here were beyond attentive. I think my table for 2 had it's own dedicated staff of 4 people the ENTIRE time. Wow. It's just a good thing there isn't one of these places in the LBC, I'd go broke in a hot minute. Oh, creme brulee. 'Nuff said.
5	Do not eat for a week before dining at this place. Meat lovers paradise is what I call this place. I tried almost all the meats except for the sausage. Filet mignon wrapped in bacon was a bit on the salty side but I think it was the bacon. Washed it down with the Sangria (This is really good) and it was all good in the hood.I tried the lobster bisque and it was good. I only tried the asparagus and sauteed mushrooms from the salad bar. The bread was great its like a giant gooey cheese ball. I highly recommend this place.
5	Dudes walk around with Sharp Knives and leave pieces of dead animals on your plate...F*CKING SMART!!lobster bisque was pretty amazing. Thick, rich, and velvety , not a lot of lobster flavor but still it was VERY nice. I wanted to take some home to use as a sauce for unsavory things like cardboard and Styrofoam for weight loss purposes.20 minutes into the meal my plate was covered with slices, chunks, and bones of perfectly seasoned and expertly cooked parts of things that were once living. Need a forensics team to identify what's on my plate but everything was spot on and very tasty.
5	If you love meat and want to eat like a caveman this place is for you.  As a woman (there were 3 women in my party) it was more food than any of us could hope to consume.  However, we made a valiant effort!The salad bar is awesome with things other than salad fixings that set it apart from other salad bars.  Too many items to mention and other reviewers on this site have done it already.  But have to mention the LOBSTER BISQUE.  Although the soup is very creamy and smooth, without a  hint of lobster, this was still good enough to have us going back for a second helping. The smoked salmon on the salad bar was incredibly good.  Had to go back for this again too. Start with the awesome little balls of CHEESE BREAD ; hot and oh so addicting.  Couldn't stop eating them - these can curb your appetite.The SMOKED BACON WRAPPED FILET MIGNON  was truly delicious, very tender and juicy but very rich.  We could only eat just one piece.  We all wanted more. The bacon was the best I've ever had.The PARMESAN CRUSTED CHICKEN BREAST was good but it was just chicken breast and not much to rave about.  If you don't eat beef, lamb or pork this would have been just fine. There are two chicken offerings but I can't remember the other one. The MARINATED FLANK STEAK  was so good and tender we ate 3 helpings.  Go for this one.The BEEF RIBS were tough at first but asked for another piece instead and the second one hit the spot.  Very good, very rich and very tender.The DOUBLE LAMB CHOPS melted in our mouths, but were very, very salty.  I would love to have had another one since I  am a lamb lover but couldn't handle the saltiness.   I loved the BRAZILIAN SAUSAGES especially the cracking skin.  Juicy, flavorful and just the right amount of spice.  My friends turned a thumbs down but they don't like sausages of any kind so take  that for what it's worth. The GARLIC MASHED POTATO dish served at the table was so good we asked for a second dish.   Perfect, creamy and topped with a sprinkling of cilantro which gave this a very unusual and delicious touch. The SERVICE was exceptionally good.  They were very attentive to our every need and never stopped coming to the table even though we had our cards turned to red.   On the down side we asked for the bar-becued pork ribs and they never came.  We asked a second time and still nothing.    We had eaten more than we could handle at this point anyway.   The PRICE was $46.95 plus tip and if you're a small eater this is on the high side.  But trust me it's worth it.  Dessert is extra but who eats dessert here?For a Monday night the place was packed solid - not an empty table anywhere and as we were leaving there were at least 20 people waiting in the lobby to be seated.   I WOULD STONGLY RECOMMEND RESERVATIONS OR EARLY SEATING ON THE WEEKENDS.Posted photos..
1	Dear Fellow Yelpers, I would like to deeply apologize for not listening to those of you who forewarned me about going to Texas De Brazil for my four year anniversary. I almost wish I just ended up going to Olive Garden instead. But, I should have listened to Debbie and gone to Rosemary's. But, the 25% coupon was just too hard to pass up and so made my decision that way. I made reservations for 7:45pm and was really excited about it because of all the hype that was given about the restaurant. My friends love it here, my ex-boss love it here, and most yelp reviewers are fond of this place. When we arrived, we gave them my name with the expectation of being seated immediately since we had a reservation. But, that wasn't the case. We were given one of those gadgets that light up when you're ready to be seated and was told it would be a few minutes. That was unusual for my boyfriend and myself. About 20 minutes had passed and we finally got seated. First of all, what is the point of having a reservation if we're not going to be seated at our reservation time? This isn't the doctors office. When we sat down, we didn't know exactly what to do until a few minutes later when our server came to bring us bread. She said we just get up to get food from the salad bar and when we're ready we turn the circle cardboard thing over to green to let the guys with meat know that we're ready for meat. If we wanted a break, we turn it back to red. It was interesting but definitely not impressive. Secondly, do we get our own plate or does someone bring us any plates for the meat? I had to ask a server how that worked. We got up to get food from the salad bar and found a whole a variety of different salads to choose from. It was definitely a different kind of salad bar and excitement came over me after seeing it. I chose little bits of everything so I can get a taste of it all. There was a red salad with cranberry that tasted decent, mushrooms with garlic was okay, cucumber salad was nothing exciting, sushi sucked, smoked salmon was really good, cheese and meat weren't impressive to me, etc. My boyfriend wasn't happy either. He said he's had better. Needless to say, our excitement dropped by a half. It was time for us to try the meat, and after turning the circle card over to green, a whole band of guys with meat kept coming to us with what they had in their skewers. The chicken wrapped in bacon wasn't anything special. The chicken wasn't moist enough; chicken with Parmesan was too salty; steak was really good and had enough flavor; lamb tasted like fish and was nasty! Don't get that unless you like the taste of old rotten fish; prime rib was also very tasty. After a few bites of the meat, we were just done. Twenty minutes of eating their food was more than enough and just called it quits. I think the only way we can enjoy the atmosphere there is if we were with a bunch of other people with a lot of alcohol in our system. To the right of us was a table with women cackling the whole time we were there. Not attractive to see and hear a woman cackle. So, Debbie definitely understand now why you went against the idea. We got our check and I presented her the 25% coupon we had and she had the nerve to educate me on letting someone know ahead of time that we had the coupon. Funny thing is when I made the reservations on line, there was a place where you can make comments and I made the comment that we had a coupon for 25%. I even called to make sure they knew about that. What amazed me above all else is how the server didn't even ask us how we enjoyed our food. It was prominent that we hated it there by just looking at our dull sullen faces. I could've raised a stink that the amount of money we paid was not worth the food they gave us. My bf and I wondered if our pallets are just not meant for expensive food. So, to all my fellow yelpers, I'm sorry for not listening to you. I will know better next time. This will not happen again. Sincerely, Sarah N.
5	Men walking around handing out their meat, how much better can it get than that? (No Homo) (Saying "no homo" exempts me from any homosexual guilt, implications, thoughts, or wonders).This place is absolute protein heaven for carnivores. If you're a PETA member and reading this.......F*CK YOU! Go shove a sausage down your throat and be enlightened by the tastiness of meat.They serve, pork, beef, chicken, and lamb in different variations. Furthermore, they also have a full buffet consisting of salads, pastas, rice, soups, finger foods etc. They also serve you a plate of mashed potatoes and grilled bananas. I highly recommend that you stay away from the mashed potatoes since it is very hearty, I mean why else do you think they give it to you???? Get your money's worth and stick to the meats and salads.Service is spectacular, they even refold your napkin everytime you leave. Price is reasonable for what they offer, but not on the cheap side. Portions......well it's unlimited!!Texas De Brazil is so awesome I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
3	Salt, salt, salt, and more salt.Hey...the meat there is pretty salty.  But it's good stuff.  They can be a little cheap on the premium meats like beef ribs - which are spectacular.  Instead, they'll bring around the parmesan chicken and such about 10 times as often.  Boo.  I have been there about 10 times and have to say it was better when I first went there.  Not sure if it was the "novelty" or whether the quality has deteriorated.  The salad bar is still solid with a surprisingly high quality romaine lettuce.  But you really go for the meat and last time I went they only had about 5-6 kinds of meat to bring around.  For $50/person that is not gonna cut it Texas de Brazil.  Sides they bring to your table also are not great.  The cheese bread has been sitting under a heat lamp for too long.  Again, for $50/person you can afford to bake those throughout the night.  What else if your kitchen doing?
5	My first experience was at TdB in Miami in 2009.  I HAVE BEEN A LOYAL FAN SINCE. Every time I go to Miami, I must go to TdB.  When they opened up in Las Vegas, I was so excited, I almost wet myself (just like I do when the men walk around with their meat sticks).  Okay all jokes aside, my BF and I made a point we'd try TdB LV.  The morning before dinner I go to the Aria pool and get sloshed (hey, it's Vegas).  I was drunk out of my mind and managed to knock the f out and took a quick nap.  My alarm goes off and so I awake in a druken stupor.  I don't know how but I managed to pump myself up and I had to slap myself around (literally) to MAKE SURE I WASN'T GOING TO MISS TdB LV.  Drunk as I was, I managed to pull myself together to 1) wash my face 2) curl my long ass hair *tricky and dangerous while intoxicated and 3) shade in my eyebrows *extremely difficult to do while drunk and the outcome can be pretty darn scary.  With a one track mind, I softly slur to myself, "Nancy, you can do this! TdB!, TdB!, TdB!"Result:  reeking like alcohol, I depart from Aria Resort and arrive in a cab to TdB with stank breath, half curled hair, small burn mark on my ear and neck, crooked eyebrows and two shades of red lipstick...i wasn't too far from a clown.  HOT MESS... ALL FOR TEXAS de BRAZIL (That's how good it really is!)The food is delicious although sometimes, the meat is salty, salty and saltier.  My fav is the filet mignon.  I stay away from the parmesan chicken, I actually end up despising the guy who carries the parmesan chicken for the night, despite how cute he may be.  The smell is offensive and I can't and won't get past the stank.The salad bar is an understatement  because it's waaaaaaaaaay more than just salad ie. sushi, variety of cold cuts, 100's of cheeses the list goes on.  I love the variation and endless choices.BEST SANGRIA I'VE HAD AT A RESTAURANT...HANDS DOWN! PS.  the lobster brisque is bomb diggity
5	DO NOT SUCCUMB TO THE BLITZKREIG!As you wait to be seated, and are surrounded by the intense aroma of deliciously seasoned red meat... control yourself!  When they finally seat you and your stomach is rumbling as daggers of sizzling beef walks past you... slow down.  Try with all your might to enjoy the experience and not stuff your face as they drop a bazillion bombs of meat on your plate.Wish someone told us that before we sat down and was disgustingly full in 30 minutes and couldn't move.
5	TEXAS DE BRAZIL !! WOOOOOO!! You can not go to Vegas and not check this place out. Their salad bar is delicious, so many salads to choose from including a quinoa salad,  Traditional Southern American meals, and a citrus infused creme brulee ;)Everyone including a vegetarian would enjoy this place. My favorite part , is the cuts of meat... like some one i know said "who doesn't like a good cut?" and its true, me and many others are suckers for a nice tender piece. Their servers absolutely knew what to do, predicting our every need and leaving us with a great experience. I will definitely come back & I will tell all of my friends!!
4	I was all excited to go to this place and then read some mixed yelp reviews, and started wondering.  Went around 5:30pm on a Sunday evening, and had 5 minute wait. But by the time I left around 8pm, there was a massive crowd inside and outside waiting. Moral of the story....go early.  I showed the coupon to the hostess just to make sure it would be good, and also handed it first thing to our waiter (just because of some of the random coupon mishap experiences mentioned on yelp).  No problems at all.I'm happy to say this was a great experience. Had joined the eclub and took the email coupon....I'm not sure I would spring for the full price dinner.Service is AMAZING.  Very personable, not overwhelming, extremely professional.  I read some complaints that the cheaper cuts of meat tend to come around more often. Just ask your server or the current person offering meat to your table to send something around. We asked if filet mignon was on the menu for the evening, and less than 5 minutes later the filet mignon guy swung by the table. No annoyance from any of the servers at all. The "salad bar" is more like salad/antipasto bar.  But I love antipasto so that wasn't a problem for me.  Spicy cauliflower had me hooked, and the other fresh salad greens, veggies, cheeses were great. The potatoes au grautin over at the salad bar were also splendiferous...yeah that's not a word but it is now.  I would actually consider going back for just the salad bar option (though not sure how much that costs).The filet mignon was by far the best, but all the other beef was also extremely tasty. The chicken wrapped in bacon was also good (although how can you go wrong wrapping something in bacon).  I didn't get to warn my partner in time about the yelp reviews regarding the lamb....and those reviews were totally right.  Not our cup of tea.  Yes, the meat is decently salty. Yes, because the salad bar has a lot of antipasto things, it is also salty. But honestly, I was pretty happy with the quality of food.  The exceptions were the lamb and the mashed potatoes brought to the table...the mashed potatoes were indeed toooooooo salty. Did I mention the potatoes au grautin?With the coupon, one glass of wine, one soda, $92.  I kind of figure that if you get a filet mignon dinner from a nice restaurant, it will run you at least $35, and with the wide array of meats available, and the fact you could eat as much as you want, that seemed fair.  If i had another coupon, think I'd go back. Full price...ehhhh...not sure just because of budget. But I think this place is worth a swing through. The food is definitely very decent, and the service makes the experience great.
5	I've been to a few Brazilian Steakhouses and this one is by far the best in Vegas!  The wait staff was very attentive, the meat servers came around in a timely manner.  Our plates were never empty!And the food was outstanding!  Salad bar was great, they had lobster bisque which was incredible, and the steaks were perfect!!  Easily one of the best restaurants I've ever been to!  It will definitely be on my "must do" list for Vegas from now on!
4	They ought to have a sign outside that warns vegitarians away.   This place is mecca for any carnivore.   If you haven't been to a Brazilian steakhouse before, this is how it works:  generally, you start off with a salad from the salad bar and then waiters with meat roasted on a sword walk by and offer you some.   As other have said, PACE YOURSELF!   Try everything,  but don't be afraid to take a break.    Turning the marker from Green (feed me!) to Red (leave me alone) doesn't mean you are finished.... you just won't be bothered for a little while.   If you see something you want, don't be afraid to ask for it.   This meal is not a sprint, but a marathon, pace yourself.  I was there three weeks ago with a group of 5 others.   We had reservations and were seated promptly.   The place is a little noisy, but not horribly so.   The service was ok/good as we had empty water glasses from time to time, but the waiters with the meat on a sword were always around.   The food was very good.   Brazilian steakhouses tend to season the beef with salt before cooking, so be prepared for that.   But it makes the meat taste so good.   The filet was really good as was the sausage.   Mmmmm.   And for the amount and quality of the food you get, the prices are reasonable.   Expect to pay somewhere around $150 per couple.   But yeah, it's tasty!Will I be back?   Yup, you betcha I will.
5	AMAZING AMAZING can't say this enough! The food the service all impecable if you haven't been it is a must go love the sangria with the freshly muddled fruit, and the salad bar wow. Would give more stars if I could
2	The food, especially the picana is excellent, but their service is just horrible.  Takes forever to get seated when you have reservations.  If you're waiting for a particular meat, you'll wait 20 min while the waiter skips your table over and over until you have to get up and ask your server to go grab the one you want.  Expect to have to do that over and over.I absolutely love the food, and I've been eating there for over a year, but the service is so bad I'm finally just giving up on the place.
5	Place was GREAT! Went in on a Friday without reservations for a party of 4 and it was what I expected, about an hour wait so being that we weren't in a hurry we just hung out in the bar for the hour to have some drinks. The bartenders were fun and very nice and attentive. Drinks were all to perfection. Once that hour hit our pager went off and we were seated and greeted by our server (Taurus) very quickly. Very good waiter I might add. Very cool, down to earth and great sense of humor. Once we had our sides and sat down the meats came quickly and frequently, it was nice. No shortage of meat at all. Everything cooked perfect and for my gf who likes her meats a lil more well down our server made it happen. I would definitely go back when I go back to Vegas.
5	Went here for Birthday occasion on Saturday. Now the 5 stars is probably more for the idea of how a Brazilian Steakhouse works more so than this place in particular. If you are not familiar, it is a carnivore's dream come true. I mean the place itself is really well done and service was great, but anywhere i can go and have 4-5 different cuts of beef, 2 cuts of lamb, then an assortment of chicken and pork too, is heaven for me. The "Salad" bar is also amazing. Salad is in quotes as it is more a Mediterranean delight, with an assortment of things like olives, cheeses, fatty Italian meets, and well flavored veggies. I could literally stuff my face on this alone and be happy. Alas i only tasted a few things from here in order to save room; the artichoke, beets, and asparagus were awesome though.As to the meat, it is soooooo good. Cooked and seasoned to perfection, I mean i am literally passing on parmesan encrusted chicken and pork tenderloin  as it is seen as filler. Waited for expensive cuts like rack / leg of lamb, or beef cuts like tenderloin, garlic top sirloin, or a nice hanger steak. And was able to wash it all down with a nice Peter Lehman Barossa Valley Shiraz at a reasonable price.Would definitely go back again for a special occasion.
4	If you weren't a meat eater before, you'd become one after eating here!! Even their salad bar was great. You must try their red sangria, make sure it's mixed well & is on the sweeter side.  My Husband & I are fans now... :)
5	My husband and I come here for almost any special occasion.  The salad bar is incredible, you could get full on that alone!  The service is wonderful, as you can ask for a certain meat cooked at a different temp if they don't initially bring it.  The little cheesy biscuits are incredible, and I would highly recommend this place.  I've only had dessert once as I'm usually pretty stuffed after dining here (and even then I only finished half the dessert!) but the chocolate cake is to die for.  The only down side is the price, as I don't think it's worth $50 per person... so be sure and sign up for their email list, because they will send you a buy one get one free on your birthdays and anniversaries, which makes this place an incredible buy!
5	* Best steak ever. So many choices of meat and its unlimited!* Ideal place to dine with your date without damaging your wallet and to show some class.* 30$ per person for the food is reasonable considering the wide range of meat you get to eat and a full salad bar offering everything you will need* Ambiance is good. You may have to call them in advance to make reservation.* My best advise go hungry or feed on salads for couple of days!Note: Being easy on your drinks could save you some!
5	OMGGGG.OMGGGGG!!This place is my FAVORITE BRAZILLIAN BBQ...ok where do I begin...Upon entering this restaurant, I had a chill going down my spine...very weird, but I guess I could tell something guud was about to happen. The restaurant looked gorgeous, with many paintings and celebs on the wall. Since the wait was about 30+ minutes (aka all guud restaurants have waits), we went straight to the BAR to watch the SEMIS of the NCAA FINAL 4. Ordered a patron on the rocks...got a nice buzz...then our buzzer blinnked...yesss it was time to eat.Once we were sat at our table...we were READY TO EAT!the self-serve buffet included:-salads (they had about 20 different salads)-vegetables-dill pickles!-LOBSTER BISQUE (wooowww....this was so guud, I think I had like 4 bowls of soup)-variety of cheeses-hot foods (potato, beans, and someting else....I forgot)-sauteed mushrooms!!As for as the BRAZILLIAN BBQ spot....how this works is that the servers walk around with kabob rods, and they ask you if you want that certain type of meat. If you do, they cut of slices for you, and then you use your picker to pick at the meat. THERE WERE TOO MANY FAVORITES THERE THAT NIGHT.The only downside was that the dinner came out to $50...but ALL BRAZILLIAN BBQS are expensive.THE EXPERIENCE AND FOOD WAS VERY GUUD....I DEFINITELY WILL COME HERE AGAIN!! A definite great alternative if your tired of the VEGAS buffets...or if you just want to try something new.UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
4	I have been here twice within the last 3 months, but it was my first experience at a Brazilian Steak House. Very interesting concept. All you can eat meats that are continuously brought to your table until you are full!  I highly recommend making a reservation since it was pretty crowded on the nights we came here. Recession? What recession? Even at $50 per person (not including drinks or dessert) there was absolutely no sign of the bad times here! The salad bar looked great! There were a wide variety of salads, dressings, vegetables, cheeses, breads, soups and more. I only grabbed a small portion of salad and rice because I was there to eat the meat baby!! I didn't want to ruin my meal and get full off of the salad bar. The rice was really good on my second visit, I liked how it had a hint of butter flavor in it.Most of the meats were pretty good. I have not tried all of them yet, but my favorites were the Filet Mignon, Filet Mignon wrapped in Bacon and the Garlic Sirloin. I did not like the Parmesan Chicken, Chicken Breast wrapped in Bacon and the Leg of Lamb. I REALLY DISLIKED that Lamb! I don't know how to explain it, but it tasted nasty and smelled funny!! Oh, and the Brazilian Cheesecake for dessert was also delicious!My complaints about this place?1. It always seems like my favorite meats never come around often enough! The guy with the Bacon wrapped Filet Mignon comes around once in the beginning and never again! WTF? Yet, you get the guys carrying the meats that you DON'T want coming to the table like 3 times?!? I guess the good thing is that you can tell your server what you are waiting for and they will make sure that it comes to your table. 2. Watch out because I had meat juice squirted on me, LOL! So you may not want to wear your favorite outfit to this restaurant.3. After we paid our bill, our waitress gave us cards to fill out to join their eclub. I filled it out and gave it back to her, but of course weeks later, I never received any email about it. So I just went on their website and signed up myself. No biggie, but seriously, what is the point of asking customers to fill out the cards if they are not going to register us for the eclub anyway? Overall I like eating at Texas de Brazil. But I would only eat here on special occasions like my birthday or anniversary because of the price!
4	Rodrizio was great! I would definitely go there again. Take a coupon because it is pricey. Nice atmosphere for a date or special occasion.
4	This place is super delicous!!! It is alittle pricey ($50) but oh so worth it for special occasions!My favorites are the lamb chops and leg of lamb. So awesome! I also love the cheese bread buns they give you at the table and also the shrimp at the buffet you have to try! so good!My husband and I signed up for their newsletter on the texas de brazil website and got two for one dinners on our bdays and anniversary! Service is always great and the atmosphere is great. I would say this place is not good for kids. The servers have sharp knives and heavy meats. Not a place for kids at all!
4	Beef, pork, chicken and all the protein your heart desires. Please be aware, you will need lipotor after a visit here. This location is pretty much the same lay out as the Miami, FL location.
5	The best Brazilian restaurant period. So much flavor! Everything was so delicious. And our server Adam was so passionate about his job. This Guy knew every detail about what they offered..and I mean every item. Very friendly and took good care of us. I will definitely spread the word and my compliments to their head chef and owners. Thank you for a wonderful experience. Price: $30 for lunch & $47 for dinner per person.
5	im carnivorous so this the perfect place for me. everything is good or at least worth a try. my favs are the house sirloin and the fillet that you can cut with a fork.
5	I dont think there is enough room to talk about Texas de Brazil! Any time I am near one, I find a reason to stop in. The food is outstanding and the staff is always top notch! Surprisingly good sushi and one of the best salad bars around. The meats..... well, you need to experience that yourself!
5	First off, this place is expensive, but you get what you pay for. Secondly, if you're visiting Las Vegas on vacation, you'll pay just as much if not more for an inferior meal on the Strip.I had eaten at the one in Dallas (Addison) before, so when I saw they had one just south of the Strip, I knew we had to go. Since we were staying at the Luxor, it took us longer to walk to the car than it took to drive there. Seriously, it would take longer to walk to a restaurant at another casino than it does to drive here. It is literally just a couple of minutes south of Mandalay Bay.The salad bar is amazing. It is a meal in itself. My girlfriend, a former vegetarian, said she could have easily had an amazing meal here as a vegetarian based on the tremendous amount of non-meat choices they had on the salad bar. This is not just a place for carnivores.When I go, I try to avoid the various sausages and other cheap, filling meats they seem to bring around more often. I hold out for the less frequently circulated high quality meats. Don't feel obliged to take everything they offer. Keep moving with that sausage, I'll wait for the bacon wrapped filet mignon, thank you.Oh yeah, just one of their mojitos will knock your socks off. It was like pure alcohol.
4	Plan on spending about $70 per adult for dinner, a drink and gratuity. The meats are served medium rare by the gauchos. The food is excellent and very filling - so go hungry and you'll be satisfied. Sign up for their E-club online and they'll send you invitations to join their paid membership VIP club which affords 50% dinners. Membership pays for itself after one visit.
5	Often I have a hard time giving a restaurant (or any place for that matter) five stars. But Texas de Brazil was amazing. Delicious meats, interesting atmosphere, fun for my family, and absolutely perfect for my birthday meal.Be warned - it is pricey, expect to pay $50+ for each person. It is worth it. First off they have a fantastic salad bar. This is no ordinary salad bar, it is complete with delicious Brazilian-style salads, tabbouleh, sushi, many different soups (Lobster bisque!), delicious garlic shrimp, scrumptious meats and cheeses, sun dried tomatoes.... oh I could go on.The service is delightful as well. When you leave your table, your napkin is quickly folded up and placed nicely beside your plate. Although our server was a bit slow to bring out my father's wine it was good none the less. Soft drinks come in tiny bottles and are poured into large glasses at the table. Kind of odd - why not just fountain? I prefer the taste of fountain Coca Cola to it out of the bottle, but I digress. Next is the meat. THE MEEEAAATTTT. My parents had been to a Brazilian steakhouse... in Brazil, so they knew exactly what to expect. My brother and myself - we weren't really sure. But the way it all works is just so fun and the when the meat starts coming, boy does it start coming. Before I knew it I had lamb chops, pork loin, flank steak, bacon wrapped fillet Mignon, and ribs on my plate! Don't forget the fried bananas! Those were almost my favorite part of the meal.Their desserts are lovely too. I ordered Creme Brulee and the waiter had a "Happy Birthday" message written on the plate in raspberry sauce. Quite literally this dessert is a piece of heaven.Our bill for four people - $256. Our experience - Priceless!I would not make Texas de Brazil an all the time thing. In fact, I doubt I'd go back there just for dinner. I really think of it as one of those great celebration type of restaurants. So if you're having a birthday or an anniversary or perhaps even a date, it's a great place to go.
5	Great selection of meat and sides. Reservation is high recommended even on weekdays . We had a 8:30pm Thursday reservation and while we were waiting to be seated the people behind us were given a 45 min waiting time. Our non-alcoholic drinks were refilled promptly and our waitress came around routinely and asked if there were any meat we haven't tried or wanted more of and would send the meat carvers our way.
5	Singing AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW! in my heaven voice, no matter what you like, you should be able to find it here! I got so full just from the salad bar, but it' not just a salad bar! lets call it an incredible bar! Whoot whoot! California rolls, asparagus, green beans, cheese slices! And thinks I don't even know what it is, but it's good! Yes its might pull the lint out of your pocket, but guess what.....you might not even be able to walk around town square because your so full! It's an amazing place! They also offer buy one get one free if you sign up on there web site! I love this place!
4	The lobster bisque is good but not as amazing as other people have said. I am also a harsh judge I am from New England. Service was great, the salad bar was fantastic. My favorite were the little cheese pop-over thingies that appeared at our table.
5	Our third attempt at a Brazilian steakhouse, for mother's day two years ago! This one's my fav.I'm a huge carnivore, and this place does not upset.I loved all the meats,every damn one of em.Side dishes= we ended up with three rounds of fried bananas and two rounds of lobster bisque....and always have a caipirhina. Brazilian rum specialty drink.I'm a rum fan, totally.also any place that serves caprese=gold. I think we've gone three times.BTW, the architecture here is phenominal...kind of barbaric looking. it rules.in case you've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, your green and red shaker looking things are your stoplights. Green means "bring on the meat" red is no thanks. You may need to flip the thing several times. If you missed something you thought looked good, just wait. a new round will be out. Don't be alarmed at the huge-ass sword they serve with,they know what they're doing.Also there are little tongs at your table=some meat you'll have to assist in getting to your plate!desserts and alcohol are extra price, and this place even does cigars.for real.real deal.subscribe to their email and get two for one coupon about every 3-5 months. It's soooo worth it.
5	Their BEEF RIB and leg of lamb are the bomb! and they'll give you the bone too!!
2	Bad wine list.Over priced.Meat quality sub-standard. (Only bacon wrapped fillet and short ribs were good).Pork ribs were shockingly bad. Cocktails were weak and extremely expensive. Salad bar was mediocre. Some stuff very good, some below average. More impressed with Whole Foods salad bar. Service was inattentive and amateurish . Prices were high. Some servers had visible disgusting tattoos. The air conditioning sucked, it was too hot. These Brazilian / Argentinian / Rodizio / Churrascaria places are going to nose dive as the price of food keeps going up. They are lowering quality big time. These used to be high end all you can eat, now I need to get fresh plates all the time as the meat is sometimes inedible. As usual, Las Vegas high end dining and wine is generally horrible and is nothing compared to the food you can get in New York City or San Francisco Bay Area.3 people, $450 bucks at a Churrascaria. Not worth it at all.
4	Here is a tip: If you want more of something they don't bring around often (namely, my favorites, the beef rib and the filet mignon) tell your server that you want it and they'll bring it out based on your request.I went again last night and have decided that my favs are the beef rib then the filet.  Now that I know these are the 2 best things I sparingly get slices of other meats.
3	3.5 stars.  Quite a lot of hoopla for this place.  While I can't really complain because my meal was paid for as a business treat, I do have an opinion.  If I were paying, $55 per head, I wouldn't come here.  The amount that is charged is really over the top given the amount of meat you come away with.  The place has a glorious salad bar that serves as a significant filler and distraction from the meat, so at $55 per head the profits are beyond staggering I'm sure.The salad bar did have scrumptious temptations; parm and prosciutto, fresh salads, and lovely vegetables.  Sadly, the meat didn't really impress me.  I tried their Brazilian beef (I forget the name), the filet, and garlic sirloin.  The flank steak I requested was dropped on my plate raw.  I am not a picky meat eater, and I don't mind eating rare meats, but this was flesh raw.  He split before I could say anything.  Never did get the guy who had the filet wrapped in bacon. :(  The garlic sirloin was actually the best out of all I tried.      Overall, a very nice treat, I give them that, but the whole experience and the other clientele seems just too bought in to the hype.
4	I have been here quite a few times and enjoyed every trip. The staff is friendly, and I have run into one not so friendly server, but Im not going to shout over one time. People do have bad days : ) The salad bar is great, and the meat I give 4 stars. I enjoy the bacon wrapped chicken and filet mignon the most. I personally dont care for the rest but that I know is personal taste. Im sure their is better steaks out their but for an all you can eat its terrific. There is usually little wait on anything, and the dessert is also a must try no matter the choice. Yes, its high in price, but lets face it, your eating large sums of MEAT! If price is an issue, go to applebees and call it a day, no harm no foul. If you want to eat large sums of good meat, enjoy a great salad bar that should never be compared to sweet tomato, and enjoy a different dining experience, come here.
5	Delicious food and impeccable service. Salad bar is very high end and delicious. Meat quality is magnificent. The lobster bisque soup is fantastic. The desserts and wine list are awesome!!!
5	My wife and I went early - about 5:20 - and found that the restaurant was already 1/2 full.  It was our second visit so we kind of knew how things worked.  Even so, we weren't prepared for the constant offering of meat.  This time, we knew what to pass on so we enjoyed every bit of the filet, sirloin, garlic steak, chicken breast, and Brazilian sausage we were given.  And the cheese bread - OMG, I could just eat that.  Thank goodness we can only eat here when we travel.  Can't imagine how much fatter (and how broke) I would be if there was a Texas de Brazil across the street.
4	Was in Vegas for a few days, and this was my favorite meal of the trip. All the meats were prepared very well and were tasty. I took one star off because of the price, and because although it is a good concept, a lot of the servers passed by us after serving the other half of our table, even though our cards were green, so it took a few rounds before our meat of choice came back around.
3	I had a friend who reads my blog come into town and take me to dinner. It was really kind of fun to go here because I had heard all the hype about Texas De Brazil . We met and were sat in the back, The first thing I noticed was what a noisy restaurant it is. So not really a good place for intimate dining. The food was tasty, But we were served like the three same meats twice. I have to say that I really prefer Yolies or Via Brasil in comparison.The service was good and they did have a good salad bar. Buit frankly it is a chain... and though it was good , I really don't think it lived up to the hype.. but hey that's me.
5	First time at a Brazillian Steak House and definately not the last!We were a group of six with reservations. Met at the bar and had a drink. The hostess took us to our table after our drink without hesitation.Started with the Salad Bar which had a wide variety of goodies. I ket it to a basic few so i did't fill up. The Lobster bisque is a must, very righ and creamy.The Meat!!!-I loved the garlic flavored filet mignon and the Pincanha( a cut of sirloin) The Pincanha has a beautiful fat ring that holds the moisture and flavors in the meat which melts in your mouth. The lamb skewers were also a hit. The other meats were good but the three i mentioned were the all stars of the night.-i ended the night with a piece of key lime pie..one of my favorite deserts and this one did not dissapoint.-Excellent service through out the night and an appearance from Flavor Flav...Yeah Boyyy!!!!
4	What's not to like about Texas de Brazil? I'll get to that later. First, if you haven't been to a Texas de Brazil, you should go. Make sure you are hungry and you pack your credit card. This isn't your average buffet. And when you get there, don't fill up on food from the excellent buffet sections. This place calls for discipline! Pace yourself because you will want to try all kinds of cuts of meat - all served churrascaria style.This restaurant is clean and the service outstanding. I have experienced the same at other Texas de Brazil restaurants in other states.So what's not to like? I don't know really. I can't put my finger on it (so to say). It's just that I always think that the money a meal costs at Texas de Brazil could have been spent at Ruth's Chris instead. Crazy? I dunno.
5	I have only been once and I am waiting to go again... craving it! The food is awesome and worth the money. Make sure to try the Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon.... WHOA ... so good!
5	Churrascarias ROCK! This place is off the hook. The meat is fantastically good here. There was not a single meat that I didn't like. Poultry, Pork, Beef, lamb, and sausages are top notch. They are perfectly seasoned and not too salty like they can be at other places. This place really wants you to fill up on meat. From the moment I sat down and flipped the coaster to green, the meat train didn't stop. I couldn't even keep you and believe me I tried my best, they were seeing me struggle and brought over an extra plate for me to use a holding area, haha! This is a new must-have when I visit Vegas now.If you are looking for a good Churrascaria experience, go here, you wont be sorry....well you might be sorry you ate so much meat....but thats a good thing. Salud! :)
4	Frank Muir was here and sitting at the table next to us the night we dined at this establishment.  I recommend those who are looking for a good Churrascaria to skip Pampas at Planet Hollywood (which I have tried and disliked), and come here.  Their salad and side dish bar is extensive. You'll find anything from bacon to fresh mozzarella. The meats are great as well. Staff is attentive and will go out of their way to fill your requests.  Our waiter checked on us many times throughout the night and asked if we had any special meat request and delivered.  Pork Ribs, Picanha, PIcanha wrapped in Bacon, Filet Mignon, Flank Steak, and Filet Mignon wrapped in Bacon were all highlights of the night.Make sure you sign up for the e-club/newsletter; you get a free meal on you birthday..what a steal.
5	Had an amazing dinner here.  The lobster bisque soup is outrageously good and the meat courses will blow you away.  The price point is fixed and on the high side but well worth it,
5	All of it is great but I suggest you stick to the beef selection when choosing what meats to eat and get more of.  The beef rib and the garlic steak were top notch.  The salad/cheese bar was great make sure you try the goat cheese spread.  Definitely worth a trip and the service was top notch as well.
4	The concept, much like a more casual version of Rum Jungle used to be, works for the person with a big appetite. The service is good, not great, but I will say I rarely ever had to ask for a refill and whenever we sat back down from either getting more salad/soup, or went to the restroom, our napkin was neatly folded. Its always the little touches that make the visit above the usual.Now onto the food. Salad bar (even though those that know me know I am not a salad fan) had a good selection. They even had some sushi and other random things that seemed out of place but were still tasty. The lobster bisque was good, albeit a little bit on the thin side with no actual lobster meat present.The highlight was of course what everyone come to this place for, the MEATS! Great selection of meats which were highlighted by the Garlic Crusted Filet and the Bacon Wrapped Chicken. Both were scrumptious. Dessert tray had some flavorful items and we went with the chocolate mousse cake. Good and moist. Price is not cheap but not of a fine dining level, but may I recommend going on their company website and signing up for their email blasts. I got a free entree for my birthday.
4	I've been to a few Brazilian BBQ's and this is by far the best. I went to Texas de Brazil for 4th of July with some Brazilians we were hosting for a business trip. Taking Brazilians to a Brazilian BBQ can be quite risky especially since their standards were high, but to their surprise it was amazing. They were even thrilled that Texas de Brazil had a particular soda that apparently they only have back in Brazil. The service is great, the bar is fabulous, and the food is amazing! Come here hungry. I would fast for a whole day before going to Texas de Brazil.
5	I only have one thing to say about this place: INCREDIBLE. I don't eat a lot of meat, so I wasn't sure if this would be an experience worth my money, but let me tell you, it was worth every cent. Their meat practically melts in your mouth; it is so tender and juicy. Their salad bar is just as amazing. I was impressed that they had tabbouleh salad as I do not see that at salad bars often. The service was perfect. The waiter never let our drinks get empty, and he checked on us often but not so often that it became annoying.If you try this place and fall in love like I did, I highly recommend signing up for their e-mail list. They send you a buy one get one free coupon on your birthday and anniversary, and notify you of their current promotions. I will undoubtedly be using every one of those coupons they send me.
3	Went here to redeem my free birthday dinner that I received through email. The restaurant is situated inside of Town square which makes it convenient if you choose to go shopping before or after. Their salad bar didn't really have a huge variety, well none that really appealed to me. Their meats were too salty and sometimes it would take forever for someone to stop by our table and bring us something. Their selection of meats wasn't very wide. The only really good thing about this restaurant is their dessert. Their cheesecake is so delicious you must try it. If not for that birthday coupon I wouldn't waste my money coming here. I've tasted other Brazillian steakhouses that are way better.
1	If I could put negative 1 million stars I would place sucks, DO NOT COME HERE AND EXPECT TO BE SEATED, do your self a favor and not be lazy and find a better brazzilian BBQ place on the strip unless your willing to wait for 2 hours.
5	I went here for my surprise birthday dinner in January that my boyfriend arranged and I was so excited because I've been waiting to try this place out. Especially since cousins and friends came to surprise me! We went around 8-9pm and they were still really busy, then again it was the weekend. We had to wait for the majority of the party to arrive before we got sat and once we got sat it was great we had a huge table and I sat right smack in the middle! I love the variety of dishes in the salad bar. I went back twice. And the meat selection wow!!! They were so juicy. And I'm one for having my meat well done but some of em were perfect at medium well. I just love how you can stop and go with the eating and the waiters kept coming round with all kinds of meats. I couldn't stop eating the cheese bread and kept asking for more! The lobster bisque was lovely! Not overpowered by the lobster sea taste. And the tabuleh salad was yummy. All the different cheeses were on the salad bar great to pair with bread. Everyone in our party was so stuffed we didn't have enough room for dessert. I tried to eat as much as I could but it was hard trying not to overfill my birthday suit! But they did have a great selection of desserts each enough to share with others. I will definitely come back and bring mom and pops !! The service was so great ! The server kept coming back to make sure we were ok and drinks were filled. And my friend was working that night and just so happened we were in his section so even better service!! All in all a great experience. Well worth the wait and money!
5	How to get a lot of meat inside of youThe Survival Guide of eating at Texas de BrazilBy: Robert S.It's no secret that Brazilian BBQ is expensive, so I decided to put together a survival guide to help you prepare a game plan. Step 1: This place is all you can eat. If you ate a big lunch, take the browns to the Superbowl before you come. Preferably, skip lunch and breakfast before coming here. Step 2: Order water. Ain't no shame in that. Sure Sangria sounds delicious in this hot, dry desert weather, but it's extra and expensive. Step 3: Whoa fatty... go easy on the buffet. It's a good idea to start light and give your stomach a "warm-up". Try to avoid the heavy pastas. Eat some veggies, but make sure you portion control.Step 4: Try not to fill up on the cheesy bread. They're delicious, but filling.Step 5: Identify the filler meats. I did. Avoid the Pork Tenderloin and Beef Ribs. The Pork is a bit bland and the beef ribs are a bit mushy. Stick with the Filet Mignon, Sirloin Steak, Chicken, and Lamp Chops.Step 5a: They have a bacon wrapped Filet Mignon, but I would avoid it. It's greasy and a little salty. I found myself drinking a lot of water. It's still good though, but I prefer the plain filet Mignon.Step 6: Skip dessert. That's extra. Have more fried banana. It's sweet and comes with the meal.Step 7: Don't bring your escort here. Not only does she charge by the hour, but the 60+ dollar dinner is a reimbursable expense. A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky, engineering image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian  Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
5	GO hungry, the food is amazing and there is TONS of it. Make sure to get some smoked salmon and shrimp from the "salad bar".
5	5 stars all the way from the service, to the ambiance, but most importantly, to THE FOOD!This place is the answer to a carnivore's prayers! The meats were all so good. I loved the lamb the most! It was so juicy, flavorful, and fatty! =) Remember to not get distracted with the yummy cheese balls... grab for the most expensive meats! With that said, chicken is always skipped amongst our table (;I have never been the type to rave about the salad bar, but this place's salad bar is AMAZING! My favorite were the smoked jalapenos, smoked favored cocktail shrimps, and the zucchini.Overall, I would take all my friends here if I could. Might someday fly in to Las Vegas when I crave some Brazillian style BBQ!
4	Came here for [a BIG] lunch on a Sunday, April 17, 2011.The place looks very nice, and I loved the large floral centerpiece.  From the decor to the dishware, everything was classy.  Of course, the bill reflects this class.  But if you came to eat, then it's quite worth it.Be warned: the meat can be on the heavily salted side.Tip: the cheese balls are effin amazing.  But, being that they're "carb" balls, you can easily get full of em too.  Just wear jeans here, and stick a ball in each pocket to eat later ;)Brownie points for bringing out a cute, mini aluminum Coca-Cola bottle...I like this place, and if I was feeling particularly carnivorous, I know exactly where to beeline.
5	My Cousin Sarah- Marie lives in Vegas and she took me here for my 29th Birthday gift.  When she told that we were going to fast for the entire day and the night before, I did not understand why.  When we arrived at the  establishment , I was very impressed  with the decor, service, fresh food  and choices of meat.  I understood why my cousin advised me not to eat waay before we  got there . The food is so overwhelming !! I cant think of a word to describe how  much i enjoyed the food, and the scenery but all  I can say , is that if you are starving in the area ,please go to  TEXAS DE BRAZIL.Its a little pricey ,but considering  the "all you can eat" nature of FINE CUT MEATS, organic fresh vegetables, cheese breads, mint rice ....   it was worth every penny!. THE lobster bisque soup was DEVINE.Much love to my cousin for taking me there!!
4	Oh, Texas de Brazil.... you just keep luring me back to you! The prices may keep you from wanting to try... but sign up on-line and you can get free dinner on birthdays, anniversaries... and/or a percentage discount. With limitless salad, veggies, potatoes, soup, steak, lamb, pork, chicken, and... bananas.. this place is just worth it. I love the ambiance of the restaurant. The fact that it is upscale, classy, chic, sophisticated.....etccc, you can still stroll in here in a t-shirt and jeans! There are plenty reviews to choose from, but my personal favorites: -Mojitos: Done here just as I expect them too, fresh muddled mint and lime, a dash of simple syrup, perfect amount of white rum, and a splash of soda. Careful though, Happy Hour is only existent in the bar area... if you order from your table you pay full price. -Brazilian cheese bread: tastes just like a cheez-it! Only eat one! -Potatoes: 1) garlic mash that is served to you.... so yummy and garlicky! creamy, yet still chunks of potato.... 2) Potatoes Au Gratin so creamy and delicious... I have to limit myself so I can indulge on all the other goodies. -Lobster Bisque: everyone's right... not a single piece of lobster.... not a single piece of anything.... but &*^% this is good!! -Cinnamon sugar bananas: yummm...this past visit we learned it was for cleaning your palate. Ha. We use it in place of dessert. MEATS: -Garlic sirloin: appeases my obsession with garlic with a delcious crust-Top sirloin: melts. in. your. mouth -Parmesan crusted chicken: on the bone, and succulent and delicious! -Fillet Mignon: it's fillet Mignon, of course I'm going to like it... I feel like this piece is the one where you actually get the flavor of the meat where the salt content is a lot more subtle than the other pieces -Bacon wrapped fillet Mignon: Bacon. Fillet Mignon. -Bacon wrapped chicken breast: A delicious confusion for your mouth I don't really care for the lamb or pork here, so I politely refuse. But that's up to you to decide on Hopefully you leave here impressed, wanting to return, and most of all... full.
5	as it always goes here....yummy meat sample all cooked to perfection. and nice salad bar(fresh cooked thick cut bacon is so amazing). I usually am not a big fan of the flank steak but it was out of this world on this visit.
4	I have been to Texas de Brazil probably 6 times since living in Vegas, and do not get tired of it.The ambience, the salad bar with its gourmet cheeses and meats, the Lobster Bisque all are worth going for, but the meats are what keep me coming back.  Do not be sidetracked by the chicken, pork, or lamb they bring around.  Hold out for the good stuff!!  The house sirloin, the filet mignon and the flank steak are the three best choices.  Eat them repeatedly.  Savor each bite.  Best cuts of meat I've had.Key Lime Pie and the Brazillian soda did not disappoint.Does anyone have a wheelchair so I can be rolled back to my car?? :)
5	ive been to this restaurant twice at this location and in miami and both times were excellent if you love meat this is the place to be because its all u can it u sit down and different different waiters come and serve different meats that are really tender an juicy an how u like it cooked rib eye and rack of lamb were my favorite they also have a salad bar full of salad and as well as sea food and finger foods. Its a pricey place but well worth it with great service as well, so try it out make sure u come starving cuz u will have to put away alot of food!
5	5 stars, are you kidding me??Fuck that shit.I give this place 8.9 stars!Everyone mentions how good the meat is here. Duh!!! I'm not gonna lie, the garlic sirloin is orgasmic!But fuck that shit. Texas de Brazil has thee best Goat cheese hands down! It had this intense tart flavor to it, without it being too salty. Perfect temperature and texture. The color of the cheese was also a very passionate white, vibrant and vivid; no question the goat cheese was extremely fresh. Needless to say, I was thoroughly impressed :)I'm coming back for that Goat cheese!
4	Not much to say that hasn't been said about Texas de Brazil before.  Hands down it's one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas and to me that's saying alot because of the vast choices you have in this city.  I've eaten here countless times and continue going back for special events within our lives such as birthdays and anniversaries.  The meat is and always has been amazing.  My 2 personal favorites are the beef rib which sort of melts in your mouth and the filet minion when it is cooked medium rare.  Sometimes the filet comes out a bit over done and is tough to eat and that is the reason i had to knock it down to 4 stars instead of five.The service is always great and the meats are always constantly coming to your table.  If there is something that hasn't made the trek to your table or if you just want more of something don't hesitate to ask your waiter to have it sent over.  The price is pretty high for dinner, basically 50 bucks a person but you can cut some of that cost by going online and joining their e-club.  For bdays and anniversaries they send out a BOGO free offer and occasionally send out 25 percent off as well.
5	OMFG...Bombfrigenlicous!!!***This place is 50 bux a person, but sign up for there email, and they will send you a 2 for 1 special on your b'day. RIght away that is AWESOME! because it just happened to be my b'day. Let me try and break it down... 1. Walking in through the door you can rite a way tell this place has ambience. 2. Our waiter (or whatever he was) was excellent, fast and friendly.3. The salad bar was the best anywhere I have ever been to. The potatoes are amazing. 4. Once we sat dawn and where ready to try out meats, we fliped the little paper coin thing over and there where three meat handler people in less than 5 seconds at our table offering us slices of delicous smelling meats. 5. Overall, this place may become myt favorite spot. TIps!Paste  yourself.Learn the name of the meats. I was soo excited to try them all that I completely lost trac of whic ones which... so when I wanted another slice of my favorite, I had no clue what was the name =(.
4	I really liked the food and atmosphere here. On paper its an all you can eat buffet, but they crossed the line into something more sophisticated. They have a pretty decent wine menu, and the meats are cooked to perfection. What I really loved was that our server was one of the best I've had in a long time. The only thing that makes me give this place 4 stars out of 5 is the lack of staff in the front of the restaurant. I didn't feel ignored, bu I didn't exactly feel welcomed either. The bartender was a little cold too... The lobster bisque was a little weak, no lobster chunks :(
4	Very nice place close to our Time Share. Staff was very nice and extra attentive. All the sides/salads were very good. Was not a fan of the Lobster Bisque personally. The meats had quite a selection, but the flank steak seemed to make the most appearances. Next time we will ask for the better cuts to come by more often if we don't see them, now that we have a lay of the land. See ya definitely the next time we are in Las Vegas at our Time share.
5	TRULY AMAZING! Worth every penny! Ambiance, service, meat, salad bar = 5 stars!Definitely come on an empty stomach! Pace yourself! And make sure you walk off your food in the shopping center close by!Yes, it's a buffet, but dessert is not free!
5	Just got back from a birthday dinner at Texas de Brazil.  As always it was fabulous.  I go about 8-10 times per year.  It is definitely on my top 3 restaurants in Las Vegas.  We were with some girls that were vegetarians and they let them eat the salad bar for $25. Reg price is $45 for salad and meat.  I have always been a meathead and alot of places disappoint me because the portions are usually too small.  At TdB this is never an issue cause you can eat all the meat you want till you drop with a wide varitety.   I recommend sticking with their best dish which is the house special "top sirloin".  By far the best meat dish.  I like to go on an empty stomach after the gym where you work up a huge apetite. The salad bar is excellent as well and I am not a big salad bar guy.  If I had to take points off of this place it would be for the hostesses up front.  Even with reservations if the place is really busy, you will wait up to an hour.
5	This place is not for vegans, but they do have side dishes in which I barely ate.  Save your appetite for the meats.  The waiters come around with pieces of meat on long swords and they cut pieces into your plate, what a concept.  Excellent meats and they taste amazing.  My favorite was the beef ribs that was cooked for 8 hours, it cut like butter and just melted when eaten.  The only thing I didn't like was the lamb, but I am not a huge fan of but I had to try it.  I didn't try the chicken, but the beef selection never ended.  You do have to pay for desert but the carrot cake, creme brulee, and cheesecake were good.  Bomb place.
2	Before I say anything else, I love Texas de Brazil! However, as a regular customer at the Schaumburg branch in Illinois, this place is very disappointing and almost not worth the money. I don't even know where to start. First, our host told us our wait time would be approximately 10 minutes, but ended up being more than double that time even though it wasn't such a busy hour. Their salad bar seemed incomplete, dry, and slow to be replenished with fresh food. The sushi they serve isn't the same and isn't as good as the kind I'm used to. I love the goat cheese (best I've ever had) but when I went to get the toasted bread chips (not sure if that's their actual name) there were hardly any and the remaining few were stale. They do not serve seared ahi tuna as well as portabella mushrooms, both of which I normally get from the salad bar during dinner hours. (If you haven't tried it here, you're definitely missing out on some of the better food they have to offer). The mashed potatoes were bland and the bananas seemed rushed to get to the table. They were dry and not as soft and fully cooked. The meat is somewhat more flavorful although most of them were too raw to eat. I had to throw out about half of the pieces :( The servers and our waiter did not even ask how we like our meats cooked. The service was poor. Meat servers were slow to come to our table and seldom came. They constantly passed us without asking if we wanted some and were not careful with cutting the meats. My cuts were either too thick or too small and I was constantly being splattered with blood from them. If it wasn't for our waiter putting in orders for the meats we specified, we would have waited even longer to be served. Never in my experiences at Texas de Brazil did I wait more than 5 minutes (after hitting the salad bar and turning my card over to green of course) to be served some meat. We had been seated almost 25 minutes and still not one meat server came to our table. In fact, while I was waiting I had to slowly fill myself up with their cheese bread which I had to keep asking for more myself since the other servers did not bother or failed to notice to provide us a fresh basket. In addition, a manager never visited our table which is something that always happens when I go there to eat no matter what time during the day. Aside from all of that Texas de Brazil is a great restaurant and definitely a good place to go for a date. Groups are ok, but I would only recommend it if you have purchased their VIP card sold for a limited time. All of the other reviews prove true for the restaurant in general. If it wasn't for the service, I would have rated it higher... maybe it was an off night. If anything maybe this branch should hire more people. Happy yelping:)
5	I don't think it's any secret that I love meat.  When I was researching Vegas eateries and I came across Texas de Brazil, I knew that it would be a must visit during our trip.  Located in the Vegas Town Square shops it's just a short (less than $15) taxi ride from the strip.  If you've been to one of these then you know the deal.  You pay $50 for all you can eat delicious meat.  Me and my buddy were seated immediately and it was game on.  Before I get to the meats, I must say that the lobster bisque is one of the better ones that I have enjoyed.  As for the meat, you have to go in with a game plan.  There are a lot of lower grade meats that they try to fill you up on (pork, bacon wrapped chicken, sausage etc.)  This place was quiet enough on the evening that we were there that we were able to continually request specific meats (i.e Flank Steak, Bacon wrapped Filet Mignon) mmmmmm.This is the 3rd different location that I've dined at and it was probably my favorite in terms of service and meat selection.  They also have a few authentic Brazilian beers available.  We both went with a Xingu black beer which complimented the meat nicely.
5	I love Brazilian churrascaria.  It's got to be one of my favorite eating experiences, EVER.  So why not go like all the time?  Hmm.  Honestly, it's not the price tag which is usually $40-60 per person.  It's all the tasty meat.  All that meat all the time and I'd die of meat poisoning.  Albeit a great churrascaria will also have a fantastic salad bar.  I've driven by this Texas de Brazil so many times I can't count.  And I don't even live in Vegas.  So finally I made a date to come eat here when I met all my friends here.  It was 5 of us that came to eat and we were not disappointed.  I made a reservation prior and we came on a Saturday night.  Seated without issue, our server asked us if we've ever eaten at a Brazilian Churrascaria.  I told him that I had, so I could break it down to the rest of my table.  He also gave us menus and told us if we saw something on the menu and if that meat didn't come around, then we could tell him which meat we wanted and he'd get the kitchen to bring to us.  Absolutely spot on because we did this a couple times with him and sure enough, he got the kitchen to bring out our selected meats.  I also asked him for a recommendation on a wine.  Chrurrascarias are the usual spots I get a chance to drink South American wine which is pretty tasty.  I asked for a South American wine and he recommended a really, fantastic one.  Only cost us about $20 also.  What else is there to write about?  So much meat.  I mean so much.  So much that I honestly don't remember half of what I ate.  Though to be perfectly honest, I didn't feel that every piece of meat we got served was perfect or amazing.  There were some selections that were just "ok" and we definitely didn't get a 2nd serving of them.  But you get served so much meat it gets hard to track what you've eaten and what you haven't.The salad bar's strong also.  Great selection of enough foods that I wish other vegetarian restaurants had the same bar.  Sigh.  Ironic when a charrascaria does a better salad bar than most vegetarian places I've eaten at.And finally dessert.  But dessert is not part of the dinner price.  It's extra but worth it.  Again, we got 5 different desserts and I can't even remember what they all were but they were outstanding.  A great way to finish after all that meat.Now this wasn't the best churrascaria I've ever eaten at, but close.  Ice wine on the menu would have been the tops!  What really made our eating experience the tops was our waiter.  He was outstanding.  Some of the best service I've honestly ever gotten.  We actually asked him for a recommendation to the best strip club in Vegas and he suggested some.  Then 5-10 minutes later he came back and told us that he gave bad recommendations and named some other ones!  What!  So he actually went back to his staff and asked them so he could give us a better recommendation.  That's beyond service.  We gave him a 20% tip and I threw in another $20 on top of that.  Seriously, if you're reading this right now, you are a total pimp.So if you're a carnivore, come and gorge yourself at Texas de Brazil!  And if you're new to Vegas and looking for a recommendation for a strip club, come gorge yourself at Texas de Brazil!
5	I don't often give 5 stars especially when I spend $60 a head on a meal but this visit was fantastic! The food, the service and even the atmosphere was perfect. Couldn't ask for anything better and I have eaten at a lot of Brazilian Steak Houses over the years. I strongly recommend trying it out. It doesn't get any better.
2	What can I say, I love meat! There is just something about the flame broiled carcass of a dead animal that just screams dinner to me. So on a recent trip to Vegas when my sister wanted to go to Texas de Brazil I was a very easy sell.Brazilian churrascarias are awesome and unique and fun way to eat. I will say Texas de Brazil is the nicest and most expensive one I have ever been to, but unfortunately it definitely isn't the best I have been to. It's a very nice building and it is decorated very well. It's definitely a fun space. Unfortunately it is also in the flight path for the Las Vegas airport. I personally live relatively close to an airport so you would think I would be very numb to the sound of airplanes, but even being inside and with all the noise from the restaurant I was still very aware when the planes went over the building. That definitely distracted from the atmosphere and experience.In addition to the meats, there is a very nice salad bar. This is the one area where Texas de Brazil definitely excels. Of all the churrascarias that I have been to, TdB has hands down the best salad bar. Unfortunately you don't go to a churrascaria for salad, you are there for meat.The other area where TdB excels is the variety of meats. They easily have the biggest selection of meats of any place I have been before. Unfortunately the quantity didn't translate into quality. Don't get me wrong, the meats were not bad by any stretch and the Brazilian sausage was outstanding. Overall though, the meats were all pretty dry. The filet and pork especially were very dry. The picanha which they announce as being their signature meat was quite bland.The service was okay, but nothing special. My sister and brother-in-law did mention that the service was better on their previous trip, but I can only review the time I was there. I ordered a soda which came in an 8 ounce aluminum bottle. That's right, only 8 ounces and no free refills! I went ahead and ordered a second soda, but the waiter never brought it. If you've never been to a churrascaria before, Gauchos bring the meat to your table still on the spit. At TdB you get coasters with a green side and a red side. When you want more meat you put the green side up. When you are done (or just want to take a break) you put the red side up and the Gauchos are supposed to bypass your table. On this trip, the Gauchos completely ignored the color of the coasters and kept stopping at the table to offer us more meat even when the red side of the coasters were clearly showing. That can be very annoying if you are trying to have a conversation with someone.I should also mention that my stomach was a little upset later than night. My sister mentioned to me the next day that she also had an upset stomach later than night.They charge $50 per person which is definitely more expensive than the other churrascaria that I have been to. Based on the food I would have probably given them 3 stars, but they lost a star for being overpriced and for the fact that the service wasn't particularly good on this visit.One note, if you decide to go, make sure you join their email club and you will get an email coupon for 25% off to help offset their high cost.But if you look around you will find better places that cost less.
5	This has to be the best steak house in Las Vegas. The price is reasonable and I have no complaints about the food or the service. They have so many different choices of meat and the salad bar is exceptional. Not to mention the best lobster bisque I've ever tried. This place is great, they circle your table with different cuts of meat and you can also ask them to cook it to your preference. Or you have the salad bar with such items as fresh cheeses or sauteed mushrooms or even scalloped potatoes. If you have another steak house in mind find out what the average price is first and keep in mind that at this place you can have multiple meats for just one price. If your in Las Vegas you have to try it.
4	Pricey but good
4	Our first night in Vegas for a conference, and I ask two colleagues where we should dine for dinner. Being men of hearty appetites, and a modicum of high standards (and a car), they decided on Texas de Brazil.The premise of unlimited meat evoked memories of old SNL sketches with the Chicago Bears fans ("da Bears") -- visions of attempting cardiac resuscitation by hitting my chest after consuming 15 pounds of beef danced in my mind. Despite my visions, and the drive to a strip mall, Texas de Brazil offers a lovely interior. And wonderful service. Our waitress was meticulous in describing the dining experience. I wondered if she or her management had read other Yelp reviews, as she was very thorough describing the salt content of the meats, and telling us to let them know if the salt was an issue so they could accommodate us.First off, the salad bar -- as many have said, a very respectful assortment of veggies, cheeses, starches and soups. I had the lobster bisque on my "must try" list after reading other reviews -- IMO, it had nice flavor but I've had better (and yes no actual pieces of lobster or anything). Now the meats -- that's why you come here, right? Served by gauchos, and (because of in spite of their outfits) mighty sexy ones too. The best meats for me (we're talking eatable meat, get your mind out of the gutter) was the picanha and the filet mignon. The only meat I didn't enjoy was the lamb. And yes, some of the cuts were salty -- aside from asking your server about it, I would recommend taking the inner cuts vs. the outer cuts. Less surface area = less salt.On that note -- and this might be the only original review observation I can provide for T.D.B. -- you get tongs before the meat portion of the meal. They are for picking off the slices of meat your server is slicing. When you ask for meat from a speared roast, be prompt and have the tongs ready to pull your slice(s) off and onto your plate. Dress attire is ... well, given the digs, it should be at least business casual, but there were plenty of tank tops, t-shirts and shorts. So let's just say it's unlikely that being underdressed will be a worry once you arrive.
5	The food was awesome! Great service! The beef ribs just melt in your mouth!
4	Brazil meets Texas at this scrumptious Churrascaria. As soon as you get seated you will notice that your table is equiped with all the supplies you need to indulge in a carnivorous feast. A server swoops in and places an offering of cheesy Brazilian biscuits before your eyes followed by a plate of plantains to cleanse your palate between dishes. Notice the circular red table marker...when you are ready for a whirlwind of meaty delights, flip it over because green means go! Right away you will see a flurry of gauchos bringing multiple meat selections to your table for your eating enjoyment. Try the bacon wrapped filet mignon, the parmesean crusted chicken, flank steak, lamb chops, beef ribs, sausages - phew, time to unbutton your britches folks!!But wait, there is still the salad bar at your beckon call. Enjoy the fresh selection of cheeses, sushi rolls, vegetables, rice, potatoes, soups...not to mention one of the best lobster bisques I have ever slurped from a spoon!!This can be all yours for one all-you-can-eat price. At around $100 for 2 people it may seem a little costly to most but...shhh...here is your secret squirel tip of the day: sign up for their e-club and you get free dinner on your birthday and anniversary. SCORE!Last but not least you must -at least once- try a glass of TdB's decadent sangria. The fruit & wine merry perfectly together to form heaven in a glass...or pitcher, but hey that's just me ;)
3	I've been to a few Brazilian BBQs/churrascaria in LA and SF and this was the first one that I've been to in Las Vegas. I've heard good things about this place as an all you can eat Brazilian steakhouse and I'm always ready to eat. We went after a very long bike ride and were starving. They have a great selection at their salad bar with numerous fresh vegetables, salads and salsas to go with the meat. They also have some seafood selections, and I liked the spicy shrimp ceviche they had. Now for the meat - they have about 15-20 different types of meat that they bring to your table on long skewers for you to taste. They range from numerous steak options, beef ribs, lamb chops, chicken, pork and more, all in different types of spices, garlic, and even bacon wrapped. We tried every single type of meat and then asked for seconds, thirds and more of our favorite ones. It's definitely a carnivore's dream as you can eat and eat and eat as much meat as you possibly can stuff your face with. The only drawback to this place is that I feel that the meats are a bit over seasoned and on the saltier side. I've been to other places that don't use as much salt/seasoning. The price is decent but I think a bit high for dinner compared to other places that I have been to. Overall a good place to get all you can eat Brazilian steak in Las Vegas.
3	This place is a lot like Las Vegas; flashy and nice to look at, but you suddenly find your money gone and you feel like the house pulled one over on you.I like the idea of the churrascaria; all you can eat meat?! Sure, yes please.  A whole meal of meat? Well...If you have a large party, it's nice to be able to eat so quickly at a nice place. Our service was excellent, knowledgeable, and way on top of things. And the setting is just lovely, a nice space to be in. Five Stars.The meat just kept coming, from pork loin to bacon-wrapped chicken and filet mignon to lamb chops. I found myself overcome by the sheer volume of it, but the meats themselves were just okay, not great.  For those prices, it should be both novel (served on a spit) and great-tasting. We found the mass-cooked meats to be dry at times, undercooked in others. A bummer, when you get a piece of filet that is cooked like a porkchop. Not even bacon-wrapping could save that. Four stars.Finally, the salad bar. Myself, I like a big, fresh salad to go along with something rich and heavy like...copious amounts of meat, in this case.  I found the ingredients at the salad bar to be good, each on their own merits, but they were Very poorly orchestrated. It was a lot of fancy items that didn't really go together, I couldn't make a fancy salad, per se, the side dishes, the potatoes and soup, et al (the hot stuff), were great on their own, but weren't really part of the salad bar except by proximity. I found myself making up this odd, piecemeal salad plate with some romaine lettuce with bacon and croutons and dressing,I guess? And also a ball of mozzarella? and goat cheese? and marinated zucchini that didn't really go with anything, but was weird on its own? and there's some bread around the corner? and sushi. and so on.  It wasn't a salad bar so much as an "other stuff" bar. Three stars.When I come to Vegas, I come as a tourist, perhaps the locals have found redeeming qualities I haven't. My money is better spent at one of the top casino buffets, me thinks.   A novel idea, just not well-executed given what you're paying.
5	What a great experience! This was our first time trying a brazilian steakhouse buffet. My cousins treated me and my bf here for dinner during our stay in vegas. They warned us that we shouldn't get too excited with the salad bar because you'll get filled up before the meat.. but man when we saw the salad bar, i mean how do you not get excited?! haha. so we did exactly what they warned us not to do. filled up our plates with salad bar items. haha. it was so yummy. still had room for several meats that were served to us, but i got full pretty quick. I don't even remember the names of the different meats i tried but they were delicious! we also had a pitcher of sangria which was delicious, too. they serve mashed potatoes and fried bananas with unilimited refills. yum yum. =)
4	I love red meat, so I tip my hat to the Brazilians who brought this concept of nonstop servings of grilled meats to the US of A. It's like a parade of different skewered meats merrily marching down my throat.You get your meat here. And someone cuts it for you, and serves it on your plate. You can't just go there on a sudden whim. You need at least a day to prepare, not only for your own health but also to allow maximum meat eating potential.NO FOWL !!! - That's the command I give to the servers when I get there. The money and pleasure rests with their red meat. No time or belly room to mess around with. The salad bar? - whilst impressive, do not get tricked! You think you know what you're getting into by going to a churrascaria? Go light on the salad bar, only with small items - like cheeses - to compliment your meaty bites. You also get the wonderfully gooey and sweet plantains, as many as you want, so tread carefully my friends.TdB is not my first experience with Brazilian BBQ, but it's certainly one of the best. They have a higher quality of beef than many other places, and they don't save the best cuts until later in the evening when you can't eat anymore. In fact, in a lot of other churrsascarias I've been to, it gets annoying trying to flag down what you want, but the parade of meats never stopped here, even when we reluctantly switched our color to red.Since it's hard to stomach the amount of meat you can stuff into your belly, it seems you can only go occasionally. It can also get pricy, at about $50 per head not including drinks. As such, I mainly go on special occasions, like birthdays, where they have deals such as two for one specials...just make sure you and your friends join their e-mail list so that you can receive these deals!
5	AMAZING!!!A little pricey. Prepare your stomach for this feast by not eating all day!
4	Solid brazilian steak house. Don't forget to ask for the beef ribs! Sooo effin good!
5	WOW!!! i cant just cant say it enough. me and my fiance went last Friday night for dinner. now this place is packed. So i recommend making reservations. because we did and still waited about 15 min. Now come hungry and really try to pace yourself because as a first timer we really didn't know what to expect. start light at the salad bar and try all the meats. My personal favs were the fillet Mignon (like butter), top sirloin (the flavor and fat content was so good!).Service was fantastic,and desert was great.we had the brazilian cheesecake. EVERYTHING IS AMAZING. i will forever be a customer here
2	Let's start an argument on what defines a great restaurant.Okay, here are my two cents on the subject. While just about every little detail can (and often will) pepper one's over-all evaluation of a restaurant as a whole, I believe there are primarily 3 aspects that hold the greatest sphere of influence on my decision making:1. Food Quality2. Service Quality3. Price The first two, food quality and service quality are directly proportionate to the third - price. Our taste buds and our comfort level are trained to expect a certain level of quality when it comes to food and service, based on the price-point we expect to pay for the meal. While a Roberto's burrito may not win culinary awards in France, it's a damn fine meal for $3.50. In the same respect, when I fork over $200+ dollars for dinner with my better half, I expect a "wow" around every corner.Which brings me to Texas de Brazil (forgive the tangent). Let's ignore that fact that first timers might find themselves hoodwinked by the practice of seating you before they drop the ball on the price-point (and that's only if you ask - ever, otherwise they won't say a word until the bill arrives). The $50 per person price tab is not completely unreasonable, unless you are not looking to stuff yourself (which is about the only way to get your money's worth). The meats are good, but not great. The bacon wrapped selections were as dry as my mother's sense of humor.The salad bar has some good items, but it is not overly impressive as a whole. I did feel like stuffing my pockets with some of the Grana Padano.And the desserts are "What! Not included in the price?"The whole meal, my party and I felt ill at ease. They try not to show it, but the staff pushes you through the meal like a drill sergeant on your first day of boot camp - you just try to stay quiet and not fall down.The Meat Men come by way too fast. Even a ravenous hunger can not keep up with the pace they set. Then, once they have overwhelmed you with their blitzkrieg attack, they tend to disappear just as quickly. Do I really need to raise my hand to get your attention?Texas de Brazil is just not that great. The food and service (while decent) do not match up to the price-point. The whole experience felt like an assembly line - they zip you in and zip you out with such great speed that you hardly noticed they picked your wallet dry.
2	The short review: 1) Bad service2) Way too salty meats3) OverpricedThe long one:We had a party of 15 people and weren't allowed to be seated until our whole group was present because it would be "too much hassle" for our waiter to repeat the "dining instructions" more than once. Are you effin serious?!? With the prices they charge, the waiter should freakin sing and dance while going over their sacrosanct instructions, and do it as many times as necessary.We were there to have a good time, but instead we were shouted at by our waiter, who was more like a drill sergeant. --no smiles, no small talk. The guy just wanted to shout his schpill at us so he could move on. And forget about the little red and green disks they give you. They mean nothing, as the meats kept on coming even though we had ours on red. The meats were extremely salty. The salad buffet was just average and you'll walk out of that place a whole lot poorer. Vegas has a plethora of excellent restaurants. Don't waste your time and hard-earned $$$ on this one.
5	Everything we ate was awesome, especially the bacon-wrapped filet mignon. The only caution to you is remember that this place is awesome, but not cheap. We paid about 70$ per person last night once you factored in drinks, tax, and tips, but it was worth it.
4	Food and Service was amazing except for the price.
4	Three words: MEAT, MEAT, MEAT, MEAT, MEAT.  Wait, that's five words.  Here's what I think:- very solid MEAT selection and quality for money- decent lobster bisque (OK, not the best; but come on, it's all you can eat, but save room for the MEAT)- nicely presented salad bar (but, hey, don't eat two much because it's about the MEAT)- good decor (but I'm really there for, you guessed it, the MEAT)- service was excellent (they kept coming, and coming with the MEAT)- no free soda refills  (bummer; all the MEAT gets salty after a while)- omg had pecan pie (no MEAT PIE, but I love pecan pie)Had filet mignon, garlic crusted flank steak, rack of lamb (weakest entry of the bunch), leg of lamb (pretty good compared to the rack), bacon wrapped chicken and much more.  Not the best I've had, but man, it just kept coming, and coming until we had to turn over the little card and throw up the white flag.  We went with a friend who is not into new food experiences at all (drag). His idea of a good steak is Lone Star.  So he came somewhat reluctantly.  But since he's a guy, and he loves MEAT, it's all good and now wants to find a Brazilian steak house at home for New Years Eve.   Come hungry and you will leave with MEAT coma.
2	My hunny and I visited during dinner time and we loved the salad bar, the bread was delicious, the different cuts of meats were tasty, the flavored unsweetened iced teas were refreshing, and our cheesecake was perfect for a pair of sweet tooth's like us.  Simply on food I would rate TDB 5 stars BUT...the service sucks!My hunny and I waited 10 minutes to order our drinks. We had to keep asking for more bread. I ordered coffee and never once did I get asked if I wanted a refill. We had started on the meats without our sides which the waiter was suppose to bring to the table, we waited another 10 minutes for that. So if you go to TDB make sure you have AT LEAST an hour and a half (becasue you will wait for EVERYTHING) and be prepared to ask for more drinks, bread, sides, meats, etc. The staff clearly does not work together. On service alone I give them 2 stars. Before this dinner we had visited TDB many times (lunch and dinner) and we have encountered the same issues, the waiting and asking.
3	If I had to compare Via De Brasil to Texas De Brazil, VDB would win hands down! Yes TDB is closer (located near McCarran airport), but I would rather drive an extra 10 minutes and here are the reasons why:1) The Food: VDB had a greater selection and variety of meats to try. At Via, I believe there were at least 16 different types of offerings while at TDB, I felt like the same 8 meats came around over and over again. We also felt that TDB's meats were extra salty, leading us to drink more water than we wanted to. Everyone knows that H2O is the number 1 thing to avoid at AYCE since that means less tummy capacity for meat!!2) Ambience: VDB defnitely had a more classy ambience than TDB. The lighting was more romantic and tables were not crowded in the dining room as it was at TDB.3) Service: At VDB, we felt like we were high rollers. From the water boy to the head waiter, we were treated with white gloves. At TDB, the wait staff was friendly..BUT I felt like they were over-selling us on their drinks (pushy would be a bit more accurate) and desserts. Also, we had 1 friend who hadn't finished eating and was taking a digestion break when the waiter walked over and you could tell he wanted us out of there so that he could make his next tip from a new table. He kept on asking my friend if he was done and then sent over more meat to our table so that our friend could hurry up and finish eating. NEVER at VDB did we feel rushed or that they wanted us out of there...So, what are some Pros for TBD:1) Price but the difference is very minimal, like $3.2) Somoene mentioned that TDB's salad bar was better but the only main thing I liked at TDB's salad bar more was their prosiutto. Other than that first salad trip bar, my tummy space was saved for the CARNE!To give TDB some credit, friends who had never tried VDB thought that TBD was pretty good. But those of us who had tried both definitely preferred VDB.Folks, take my advice and head over to VDB instead. You wont regret it!
4	This was my first trip to a Brazilian churrascarias restaurant, and I can't wait for my next one!Delicious food! 14 different mouth watering offerings of meat and a wonderful salad bar and lobster bisque.Great drinks and desserts. We had a wonderful server and felt well taken care of the entire time we were there.
4	Service is great.  The garlic sirloin is the best. Not sure it is worth the $48 a person for dinner though.  I only go when I get a 2 for 1 coupon (birthdays and anniversaries).  No free refills on drinks.  Overall, I would go there everytime if I have a 2 for 1 coupon, otherwise I'll pass.
5	I really, really liked this place.  I had never had Brazilian before and I knew it was going to be pricey but I wanted to try it.  So glad I did.  YUM!I'm a picky eater and I can tell you there was more than enough to keep me happy.  I'm not sure if there's a menu as we all ordered churrascarias (is that right??)There is a salad bar/side dish buffet thing set up with all kinds of cheeses, fruit, au gratin potatos, and a host of other things so there is no shortage of options to choose from.I was a little hesitant to try some of the meat but I took a chance and had some really great beef - here was my problem though:  I couldn't remember what it was called or which little guy dressed all in black brought it so I spent the rest of the night eyeballing every little guy in my quest to get the one I looooooved, so pay attention when they tell you what it is!  Tip: We had a dining special that a friend had gotten because she's on their email list. I think it was $39.99 which included drinks (soft) and dessert.  From what I gathered we saved quite a bit with her special so you might want to try to get on their mailing list.As good as it was it was still pricey.  There were only 3 of us and by the time we got out with wine/tip/tax we paid over $150 even with the special.  I don't regret it though as the service was great and the food was supurb.
2	I am giving two stars for the service which should be simple at a restaurant such as this. Our water was never refilled, we never got new plates when the meat was being served so we had to use our salad plates, and they never brought our side dishes either. All of the meat that was brought to our table in the beginning was well done so i just assumed that's how it was all cooked. Towards the end they started bringing meat and announcing it was medium rare but by then my plate was full of old salad and well done meat.Unfortunatley the food was not good enough to make me want to ever go back and give it a second chance.
5	Five Stars, love the place!!!! You will get around 10 different kinds of grilled, well-seasoned MEAT (beef, pork, lamb, chicken)- and lots of it, served by attentive gauchos and other wait staff. MEAT is capitalized because it's so good and so central to the experience- don't lose your focus while here. Three rookie mistakes to avoid: First, do enjoy the wonderful salad and soup bar, but DO NOT overdo it. Yes, it's tempting in its inviting layout, there are many many good choices (spicy cauliflower, roasted zucchini, lobster bisque, manchego cheese...the list goes on!) and it's the only way to get some veggies, fish and cheese in your belly along with the choice MEATS. But resist the temptation to try everything- remember, you didn't come for the sushi or the feijoada stew- you came for the MEAT. Focus, people. You can always go back if you get tired of the MEAT being brought around and served tableside. Also, once the MEAT starts coming around, just take one piece of it at a time unless that's the only kind you want that night- the portions are deceptive and after a couple bacon-wrapped filets mignon, you might not want the "Top Sirloin- House Specialty!" the Brazilian (or more likely, Slavic) gaucho is waving at you and suggesting you try. One piece of each, try them all and then ask your waiter to send around the ones you really want again...that's the way to go.Finally, you will also get wonderful garlic mashed potatoes, fried plantains and yummy cheese breadlets at your table. These, too, should be enjoyed in moderation. As with the salad bar, that's not what you came for really, right? They're called side dishes for a reason.We have never had bad service here and though it is a little expensive per person if you pay full price (especially if you also want some wine or dessert), a good strategy is to sign up for their Texas de Brazil club online- you then get a 2-for-1 coupon good for your first visit and then more 2-for-1 coupons for your birthday and anniversary. That's the way we've gone and it makes it much more reasonably-priced for two. Also, during the holiday season, I guess they get less traffic and so our e-mail box has been filled with coupons for 3-course meals and dinner specials from Christmas to New Year's. The wine list is also worth mentioning- red wines from around the world predominate as they should at a MEAT palace, but their white selection is also good and quite international. Desserts? Well, they look good but honestly after all the MEAT, we've never had room for them. Finally, the ambience is always good- sometimes a little loud but always a fun crowd. Last time we were there we saw not only a wedding party but some MMA star (no idea, don't follow the 'sport') whom all the waiters and maitre'd clustered around for a while. One last tip: Do make reservations (online is easiest). Even though you will still probably have to wait 10-15 minutes to be seated, you will be seated much more quickly than people that arrive the same time you do with no reservation. And you don't want to salivate over the tempting MEATS any longer than necessary, do you?
4	We've been here quite a few times, and we've never had a complaint...we'll except maybe my stomach's not big enough!!The drinks are good, the salad buffet is awesome ( I keep saying I'm gonna just get the salad bar but the smell of salty meat in the air changes my mind every time), love the garlic mash and fried plantains. I love having a variety of foods to choose from and eat what ever I want. I always get the lamb chops, can be dry and over cooked at times, but you can always get another one! We've tried a few deserts as well, the chocolate cake is way to rich and heavy to eat by yourself after such a big meal. The creme brulee was just meh. The carrot cake was good, moist with cream cheese frosting. The bananas foster pie was really good.Staff is great. Atmosphere is a bit noisy but romantic and fun at the same time.
5	Gaucho boy "Brazilian Sausage?"..Yes.Please!.  When in the mood for MEAT i mean serious tender, seasoned meat. This is the best place for it... Hands down! AYCA people!I usually go here when they offer a special that I get with my email/online newletter. Like buy one get one free for an anniversary dinner or a 3 course for only 39.99 so we end up taking a dessert home!Favs: Picchana(sp), garlic sirloin, Lamb chops. and I am picky with Lamb! Salad bar has great selections. i don't waste my time getting the rice or beans.. that's just filler. Quality food, great service, and even the palate cleansing sweet bananas are to die for!P.S. My mom loves this place. So filipinos with HBP.. take your meds and get ready to chow down, and drink tons of water to help with digesting all that marinated protein!
5	Went here with a group of 7 on New Years Eve. I will admit, I was skeptical. My friends rave about this place but I am extremely picky when it comes to meat and I'm one of those weirdos who can't have a spot of pink on my beef or it's completely inedible for me. So, an all you can eat brazilian meat house (lol) has never sounded very appealing to me. Boy was I wrong, this had to be one of my favorite meals ever. Once I told the waiters of my disgust of bloody meat, they made sure to continuously bring me well done meat to devour and devour I did! I think the garlic flank steak was my favorite but it was all so good I really can't remember which I like best. I'm a poultry fiend and the chicken was just about the only thing I passed on, everything else was just so good. The Sangria was just about the best I've had anywhere and the desserts were great. Had to take mine to go because I was too full but we gobbled it down later. This will be on my must visit list every time I go to Vegas!
4	I visited Texas de Brazil on a Thursday evening and the place was packed. Our reservation was for 9:30 because that was the first available and we still had to wait in the bar for about 15 minutes for our table to be ready. This was my second visit to Texas de Brazil and it was just as delicious as the first.Our waitress was extremely friendly and knowledgeable, as was the rest of the staff.  We started at the included salad bar which is one of my favorite parts of the meal.  There is lobster bisque soup, meats, cheese, olives, shrimp and salads.  The problem is it's so delicious you could fill up right there and you have to remind yourself there is meat coming.  Lots and lots of meat!The carvers come around to your table with sausage, steak, chicken, pork, lamb, and ribs.  The bacon wrapped steak and lamb chops are two of my favorite.  The problem is I always fills up way before I get my money's worth or get to try everything.  Also some of the things come by several times and others you have to wait for. The waitress was very helpful and went to find the meat carvers we hadn't seen yet to send them over to us.We finished our meal with dessert and if you're a sweats lover I highly recommend saving room if you can. The coconut pie and cheese cake were both delicious.  It is probably the best cheesecake I have ever tasted!  Texas de Brazil is definitely a must for meat lovers and foodies.  If you can get on their  mailing list you will receive coupons throughout the year to make it more affordable.
5	Went there for me and my fathers B-day... Fantastic. Only problem is at some point you end up hitting " The Wall" .
5	I had 1 of my more memorable dinners here on New Years Eve. My husband & I went with no expectations & left extremely full & very happy.We are not from Brazil & know very little about "authentic" churrascarias but completely enjoyed our meatfest. My favorite was the picanha, the house specialty top sirloin. i liked it medium rare & just could not get enough! Very tender & juicy. I ate 6 servings of it! The other cut of meat I liked was the flank steak. I didn't take the bacon wrapped items as I don't like bacon over powering the flavor of the meat, plus usually, those are often over cooked.The pork was the only meat I didn't care for at all as it was over cooked & too dry.All were seasoned well, a tad on the saltier side but flavorful.The salad bar was good but as many have mentioned, this is not really the place you would go to load up on salad. The offerings could very well have provided for a sufficient meal on ts own but the meat is what you're there for.The service was very good as our server came around a good number of times to ask how things were going as well as sending over the Gauchos when we had meat requests. Drinks were always filled & side dishes (fried bananas & garlic mashed potatoes) never empty. Many have posted how expensive it is & although I don't disagree, how many places can you visit that provide all you can eat, well prepared meat, salad bar, & sides for the same price. I have gone to plenty of restaurants, higher end included, & I thought the place offered good value for what you get. Definitely recommend & be sure to join their E-club for discounts.
5	I got a comp. dinner there for my birthday. The salad bar is outstanding. Then  they bring a variiety of meats to your table to sample small portions. It's a great way to try several things.
3	My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out for our anniversary since everyone recommended it to us. We went here on a Friday night; reservations for 7:30 and we were seated around 7:45. Not bad! It was pretty busy which I expected since it was a Friday. When we were seated our server explained the red side and green side. I noticed all the meat they had and the salad bar. I decided to go to the salad bar before eating some meat. The salad bar looked delicious! I was excited to see that they had lobster bisque as the soup of the day. They had a lot of meat to choose from. I wasn't too impressed with some of the meat because some of it was loaded with sodium. The chicken was a little dry and the sausage was just a-ok.
5	Filet mignon is amazing, along with the white Sangria. Definitely a place to go for celebrations- always leave stuffed
5	When i first heard of Texas de Brazil the first thing that came into mind was BBQed baby back ribs and Texas toast, but that wasn't the case.Located near town square and although a little hard to find, this all-you-can-eat steakhouse is an experience that should be shared with your family and closest friends.when we finally got there we were greeted by two gigantic wooden doors and the aroma of nicely spiced meat.There were 6 of us and ware asked to wait about 15 to 20 mins to be seated. giving us more time to juggle our appetite and to wonder why we didn't dress better since its a little bit upscale. After we were seated they began to explain how things work:Basically there are servers carrying around freshly cooked meat  on a long metal skewer going from table to table offering different kinds of steaks. Medium Rare Flank Steaks, Bacon Wrapped Filet Mignon, Lamp Chops, my personal favorite Garlic Sirloin and a ton more. There are two-sided buttons for each person on the table, and these buttons are used to signal the servers when you're ready to try their steaks. Green side means "go" and Red side means "damn lemme digest that piece of meat first".They also have a Buffet Table in the middle that have about 40 to 50 items like breads, salads, cold meats, cheese, soup, sushi, and roasted veggies.They also have a cake tray that have about 6 slices to choose from which isn't included in the $48 all-you-can-eat steak price. We tried the chocolate mouse cake for an additional $8 and it was worth it. I've already been here twice and I give it 5 stars for both times.Tips:-A little long on the wait so make sure you make reservations or get there early (4pm-10pm)-Don't bother trying the sushi. rice is old and hard. and you're here for the steaks man!-Lobster Bisque is delicious but not consistent. Sometimes its too salty.-Try all types of meat! if there is something that you don't like, give it a second try because there are times they just give you a bad cut.-Just take your time. There are occasions when servers push their steaks on you even if your button is red. A couple of time the server gave me a piece even when i said no. They're probably getting rid of that steak to bring out a new one. Don't let them give you an old cut. Always go for the fresh one so your steak is always Hot and Juicy!
5	i absolutely love this place,they bring around different types of brazillian meats on skewers,from chicken to steak to lamb.the ambience is upscale,its perfect for special occasions birthdays,anniversaries,etc......
4	Mmm mmm mmmm what can I say....I love meat!And when a craving for meat hits, Texas de Brazil fulfills the craving. We came to TdB with a group. I think it's ideal for groups because it's a set price for each person. We also ordered a pitcher of sangria, which was delicious.The cold and hot salad bars that are available offer a variety of items. Some of my favorites are the (hot) sauteed mushrooms and buffalo mozzerella with tomatoes.The selection of meats that come around are delicious too. Well seasoned and the portions are just right. I especially like the filet mignon and flank steak.The service is on point and all the staff from host greeters to our main waiter were polite and attentive. Minus one star because it's in the Town Square area. A lot of the clientele seems to be walk-in traffic from the shopping area and as a result the lack of a dress code doesn't make you feel like you're eating in an expensive establishment. However, it is a solid restaurant and I would definitely recommend TdB when you're in the mood for all you can eat meat.
5	I love Texas de Brazil! The food is great but the price is a little bit high, however is worth for what you get.
4	Wow! What an improvement!  Service, once the downfall of the restaurant, is now efficient and relaxed.  You are given the time to sit down, look over the drink menu and wine list.  You can enjoy your drink before hitting the excellent salad bar.  You can  have a conversation after you finish your salad without the servers arms reaching in to clear the table the second you put your fork down.  Most amazingly, you can  enjoy a SINGLE cut of meat and a sip of wine without playing the "haha, I flipped the stick to stop one second after the last carver left so back off!) game.Believe it or not, beef taste different from chicken when they are not all piled on top of each other (although the primary flavor is still bacon fat and hickory smoke).Thanks to the slower service, the proteins taste much better.  They do not bleed out on the plate and are much juicer. The only thing I still don't get is the roasted bananas with brown sugar that's offered as a side.  It still taste like a desert to me.The wine selection is excellent.  Prices are very low (near retail).What a difference service makes.  Now, highly recommended.
4	Yum Yum Yum!!!Meat upon meat upon meat.  This restaurant is cool.  You get to try tons of different types of meat that is brought right to your table.  Usually I don't like "buffet" sort of places because I hate the crowds that always flock to the "good food", however this one is cool because for the most part you sit the whole time.  You get your food from the buffet area salad and cheese and stuff, and then you go sit down where servers bring around freshly cooked pieces of meat.  They keep on bringing it until you turn your card over to the "stop" side.  If you decide that you would like some more then you turn it back over to "go" side.  They say that all the meat is cooked medium rare but I found it to medium.  Still awesome though.The wine is a bit pricey but if you go online and sign up for email you get a free buy one get one coupon for your birthday, so it justifies buying a bottle of wine! :)Ahhh I don't remember our particular servers name but she was really nice!!
4	Lost a star due to the price. Via Brazil is better for the price you pay. The meat isn't that tender. Park at Town Square for easy and FREE parking. Valet is offered at Town Square. Texas De Brazil offers lot parking.
3	Well, the best way to describe my experiences with TDB is hit and miss,,,I've been 2 times,, the 1st was Fantastic,, juicy, flavorful cuts of meats, outrageous salad bar, best I've seen! And great service,,,the 2nd time,, not so much,, EVERY cut of meat was so overly salted, me and my family could hardly eat it!! Believe me, I am a SALT FAN big time,, but this was way over the top. I spoke to the manager,, very kind, and asked for some unsalted cuts, said sorry but that meats are prepared earlier and have been marinated in the seasonings,, oh well,,, for the price,, over $40 for dinner,,, I was not happy,,,All I can say is good luck,, hope you get my 1st experience,,,the last one was not a pleasant one,,
4	Excellent service. Wish that some meat are well done hate to see a little blood on the meat. The Desert are an believable yummy!!
5	yum! can't wait to go back! Located at the Town Square behind the shopping area, It has it's own parking area and doesn't seem very big from the outside... and when you walk in... it actually isn't very big!hahaa...It's not small... but it's not very big either.  There's a separate bar area next to the waiting area so you can grab a drink or 2 or 3 before your seated.  Nicely decorated and nicely kept, reception is very friendly and welcoming.  I've only recently begun to appreciate steaks and meats after we moved and I started cooking more.  Texas de Brazil was two, three, four finger-licking thumbs up. [though this is NOT the environment for licking thumbs.]   The selection that the gouchos offered... or "meats on sticks" were tender and juicy... flavorful and plentiful.1 more star for the salad and side bar!  It offered a lot and everything complimented my steaks and wine perfectly. It doesn't seem so uptight that you have to wear something nice like shoes and not slippers... but it is a nice restaurant.  [btw, I think it's okay to wear slippers...]We came here on an anniversary date after hearing awesome reviews and again... I can't wait to go back! :D  maybe a nice v-day date ;D
5	It was the best!  Loved it loved it!
5	My new favorite restaurant in Vegas!!!!  Came here last Friday with some buddies for lunch and was absolutely impressed.   The service was top notch, tons of great cuts of beef (perfectly seasoned), the price for lunch was very reasonable at $25 a person, the salad bar was good and had a decent selection of greens, rice, etc, also the layout was decorated very nice as well.  This place is really popular, so make sure to book a reservation in advance.  Overall, I really enjoyed the restaurant and would highly recommend it to anyone who loves meat.  I'll definitely return on my next trip Vegas for Labor Day weekend!!!
5	Love this place, Gluttony at it's best.  Great meats, Nice wine selection, service for the most part is excellent, and the salad bar is unbelieveable.  I usually don't go to the salad bar so there is more room for the meats!
5	Can we say Steak & Meats Galore?  This place would make any guy or gal want to give a Tim Allen "man (or women) grunt " hehe, but in all seriousness Texas de Brazil is a wonderful Brazilian Churrascaria Steakhouse. (An all you can eat served at your table feast) Located in the Town Square shopping area just off South Las Vegas Blvd...this authentic place will leave you amazed...but it can also be intimidating, especially for first time guests. This may not be your place if you are a vegetarian, but there is an amazing salad bar, with a few sushi, seafood, and smoked salmon that are delicious as they look.  The place is the scene to be seen, when hosting birthday parties or social events...but as formal looking as it is intimidating...one may not look far to know that this place can be casual in dress code as well. (but I wouldn't recommend wearing sweats and a tank top)...although I am sure you won't be escorted out and denied service.  Place is nicely decorated and contemporary in design and furniture.  Place is a little on the dim side, but not as dim as the cheesecake factory.It is best to make reservations as one will quickly notice that waiting time especially at peak hours and weekends that the wait can take anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour...but then again that is the typical at a nice restaurant like this.  They could have provided better seating for waiting customers...it can get a little cramp in the entrance area, where you may have to find yourself waiting outside...it might be alright but during cold winters and summer heats...it might not be your cup of tea.  Once you get through that and you are shown your table and seated, the host will explain how it goes down.  You may start off with a salad bar for all your sides...and when you get back the meats start to come.  You get a small circle card...red on one side, green on the other.  Green means go and Red means stop (who would have known) ... but basically the green card indicates servers to come to you and serve you an array of meats from sausages to chicken to lamb to pork to fillet mignon and so forth!  The combinations seem endless, so pace yourself if you want to try a little of everything!On a side note...it may feel frustrating at times when your card is green and no one shows up at your table...this may happen at times when it gets busy...but don't be ashame to call out a waiter or a server and request a type of meat to be brought to your table.  They will take to your request and bring your delights.Texas de Brazil is a little on the pricey side, but this is expected at this type of place.  If you are a baller on a budget...this place is a once in a while special occasion type of deal.  If you haven't tried it yet...definitely plan one...even if its once in your whole life.
5	Can't say enough great things about this place!! We discovered this amazing restaurant when we were in Miami and even though there isn't one in southern California, there is one in our favorite place to visit!We had only previous been for dinner but this time because of scheduling, we made reservations for lunch. I was a little hesitant because sometimes lunch isn't as good but I called ahead and the only difference was a few items in the salad bar (which we don't eat much of anyway) and no filet or lamb. This was ok with us because we actually like eating some of the other cuts of meat and for the price difference, totally worth it! 26.99 for lunch vs. 46.99 for dinner.One tip, if you have early dinner reservations, get there a little bit before your reservation and head to the bar for happy hour :)Now if only they would open one in LA
4	Do you love food? Do you love to eat a lot of it? If you answered yes to both of those questions, then you'll love Texas de Brazil. If you are planning on eating here for dinner, I recommend you come hungry. By this I mean, plan the day out specifically for eating here. When you are first seated, you have the opportunity to go to a salad bar with a number of various selections. If you aren't amazed by the vast salad bar selection, turn around and there you will find.... Lobster. Bisque. Soup. The lobster bisque soup is very delicious and will keep you coming back for more. But wait, you can't get full off of that just yet.. The parade of meats seemed like it was something I could only dream about. There are various different types of meat (beef, chicken, lamb, pork) all of which have their own unique flavor. I'll tell you now, I recommend sticking with the beef and chicken, because those had the best flavor in my opinion. On the table there is a small card, if the green side is up, the servers will come to your table and offer you whichever type of meat they are carrying. If the red side is up, the servers will refrain from offering any more food. On top of the various meat choices, you are given a dish with banana and brown sugar which is very delicious and sweet , and mashed potatoes. You can order more of these after you finish them.My only complaint is that sometimes the servers with the specific meat you do like take a long time to come around again. Other than that, the service is great.Recommendation: be sure you try some of the picanha (also known as top sirloin).
5	Meat Galore, for real.They have a salad/soup bar in the main room and you basically serve yourself and then there are servers coming around with steaks & chicken of sorts. I am not a big fan of chicken, so I did not bother getting that.  But steaks were all good and amazing. My absolute favorite would be the filet mignon with no bacon. They also serve you fried bananas & mashed potatoes.I loved their fried bananas the best I ever tasted. Mashed potatoes, ehh not so great.Overall, I had a great experience with this place and Im thinking about going back there real soon.TIP: In the salad bar, they have bacon bits and if you love bacon; these are just amazing!
5	wow. overall great food, above average service, good value, nice selection.its nice to have a buffet style meal thats good quality, and in a casual setting (its nice not being forced to dress up :) ) overall food was great, the only things i really didnt care for was the different types of chicken. i found the parmesan chicken dry, and the chicken breast and bacon to taste hotdog-ish. the top sirloin and garlic steak were really good, and the mashed potatoes were amazing- also love the fried banana. (one of the things my husband and i were talking about when we left was we dont remember ever having a good fried banana before) the one thing i would change though if i were them, is the bottle soda to tables. i mean, yes it looks nice/classy. however, its the casual ability that gives this place such a unique charm. i really feel they should replace it with fountain (free refills) also, your serving meat which requires people to drink a lot... it not cool when the price of drinks can compare to the cost of the meal.
5	Absolutely amazing !! The price might throw you off but it is mos def worth it was so good I went twice in 3 days! They wonderful thing is that as much money as they make and charge they still offer genuine good discounts like 15 % off for military and there 8 guests!!! who does this anymore!!! Go there on a starving empty stomach you will be rolled out of there and stuffed!!! The Meats are so fresh and delicious! The waiters and hostesses are so courteous to all walks of people not just the rich!!! I would most def recommend this place to everyone!!!!! The salad bar is nothing but the highest quality!  The only downside is the waiting area and the lack of meeting the reservation deadlines. OTHER THAN THAT GO HERE!!!! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!
4	I took my husband to Texas De Brazil for his birthday. I would suggest making a reservation because it gets pretty busy here even in midweek. We came a little earlier than our reservation so we had to wait a little.We were seated close to the salad bar which was good for me because I fell in love with it! I enjoyed the salad bar more than the meat. That is not like me because I'm a carnivore. There were a couple of stand outs for me. They had sushi but it was very basic but still appreciated. The Lobster Bisque had a sweet taste to it. I couldn't get enough of the Marinated Portobello Mushrooms. They also had this excellent tomato salad. The one thing I didn't like about the salad bar was they kept all of the sauces for the meat here. I discovered them too late! They should bring the sauces to the table like other places.The meat was good but not as good as Fogo De Chao. I base that on how the chicken wasn't as good here because it was salty. The meat was fine but if you like well done meat like my husband it is hard to come by. He had to wait awhile for someone to bring it.The service was good on the refilling of drinks but not fast enough on bringing well done meats to the birthday boy!
4	If your a meat lover this place is for you. The sweet bananas are very delicious!! Mash potatoes are so-so. I really love the cooked mushrooms!! Not very cheap but high quality meats aren't cheap.
4	Let me walk you through a typical experience at Texas de Brazil. You walk in, get seated, and then you have the option of going to what is essentially a tapas style salad bar, filled will not just traditional salad fair but things like stuffed olives, fried provolone cheese, slices of prosciutto and much more. Fill your plate with things that look tasty and maybe a few things you're not sure about (grape salad?) and head back to your table. There you will find the staff has kindly dropped you the standard table sides of fried banana and mashed potatoes, and some cheese bread balls. These are just the sides. They are delicious.At that table with be a small round card. If you flip it up to say no, no one will bother you. If you flip it up to say yes, an assortment of folks will stop by your tale with meat of some variety or another. You can take a piece or pass for the next one as you see fit. You'll see things like hot links, short ribs, flank steak and any number of other amazing items. I recommend taking the time to try many different things, rather than loading up on any one item. It's what the place is built for.Therein lies the real true appeal. Not just the food, which is generally excellent. It's the fact that you get to to hunt that food in reverse since it comes to you. It's the breadth and quality of choices you have to work with. It's a fantastic meal where you choose your portions and items in a sort of strange combination of a steakhouse, tapas place and buffet. Desert was also quite good. They have a nice variety to choose form and the care and quality in the desert is at the same high level as the main courses. The service is generally excellent, the staff is on top of things and the decor is nice. My one and only complaint (and the reason its 4 instead of 5 stars) is the bar. My wife and I tried the bar and to our chagrin we found that the bartender did not know the recipes nor displayed any kind of personality or skill in making the drinks, even after she used the book of drinks itself to make what we ordered. Both of our drinks were slightly incorrect and the bartender seemed to have no motivation to double check her work, or interact with us further than hearing what drinks we wished to have. All that said, its going to be a bit expensive. Don't expect to have a meal for two without dropping $100. It is certainly worth it, though. Avoid the bar, order your drinks at the tale, and enjoy an excellent level of meats and side items.
2	I usually LOVE this place. I am a meat eater and definitely get my money worth of steak when I come here, but last night I was not impressed. The meat has gone down in quality and only came around about 4 times the whole time we were there. We had to keep asking the waitress to have the guys come around, but they never did. The only thing they came around with was the flank steak, Brazilian sausage, and fillet twice. I always picked this place over Via Brazil but might have to make the switch. I will say the salad bar continues to have high quality food.
5	What I"m about to tell you, will not make sense, until you are finished with your meal here.Filet Mignon, Garlic Sirloin, Bacon Wrapped Chicken. Skip EVERYTHING at the buffet table including the Lobster Bisque. The meat that gets brought to you is where the Jackpot is at. The buffet table is filled with goodies, but it just doesn't compare to the meats.I am NOT a steak/beef type of a person. I"m more of a chicken meat eater.. But that Filet Mignon will even turn a Vegetarian to the dark side.
4	They have the best lemonade here (it is a slushy consistency)!  The service is always excellent and the salad bar is definitely more than just that.  I love the wide selection of items that are available including the scalloped potatoes and lobster bisque.  Of course, the endless cuts of meat are pretty tasty.  I suggest the parmesan chicken!  I have never left this restaurant feeling less than full.
3	I've been to several steakhouses like this across the U.S.  The fare served here is standard brazilian churrascaria... as far as experience, pretty top notch but the drinks were decent and food short of exceptional.  It's certainly a place to visit at least once but with so many eateries per square mile, would you really want to?  oh, and they also had dessert available which no one in their right mind would have room for at the end but looked good anyway.  Why do they do this???
5	Meat feast awesomeness!  What's not to love?  Succulent meats and a fantastic salad bar.  Price is pretty steep but worth the treat.  The fillet wrapped in bacon and lamb chops were my favorites.  We were originally quoted a 40 min wait but turned out to be less than 10.  Our waitress was attentive and sweet.  Really nice bathrooms and bar area.  Highly recommend!
4	this past time wasnt nearly as good
4	Food is great, floors looks dirty, restrooms ok, great service
5	This is a carnivore's dream come true. SOMEBODY SLAP ME AND CALL ME A SLUT! Just keep the little disc they give you on green. Yes, yes, and more yes...
2	If you like to be hurried like a herd of cows, pay through the nose and frozen then this is the place for you.  They have a fantastic salad bar but unfortunately they do not allow you to enjoy it.  When we were seated the waitress told us that when we were ready for the main meal to turn over a token on table from red to green.  As soon as we started to eat our salad they started shoving meat onto our plates.  It appeared that nobody paid attention to the token on our table.  They just wanted to feed us and kick us out the door.  Some of the meats they brought us were very dry and tough.  Beware of their house special desert called papaya cream.  It was horrible!  Stick to the deserts they offer you on the tray.
4	upon entering Texas De Brazil the atmosphere is beautiful, seating is a little close together yet still comfortable. I had a reservation prior for 8:00PM and was not seated until about 8:30PM the server was great swell as the meat men that come by. they are on top of making sure they come by your table if your card is "green" the meat is filling and salad buffet is fresh. The price is o.k I would only come when they have specials going or if it is an occasion.
5	I like to refer to Texas De Brazil as the Meatpocalypse. You really need to prepare yourself like a day in advance because this is a serious meat eating adventure. Start at the salad bar first for some lobster bisque, smoked salmon (seriously good), orzo salad, assorted cheeses and veggies. Once you get back to the table the full blown meat assault begins whether you are ready or not. Their house sirloin is amazing. It is pricey but if you sign up for their club they send out deal emails frequently and you can get a free meal during your birthday month (as long as there is a paid meal at the table).
5	Repeating what others have said - make sure you're HUNGRY!And don't make the rookie mistake I made by putting too much on your plate going through the salad bar....the really good stuff (the reason you're there!) is coming right to your table!  Hint:  Double-up your plates at the salad bar, leaving a clean one on the bottom that you can use for the meat when you get back to your table.Expertly seasoned meats, and for the most part, perfectly cooked.  We've been there twice now, and the second time I thought the beef ribs were just a tad too over-done.  The first time though they were perfect, as was everything else.  We didn't try the chicken -- sorry, not going to waste stomach space on chicken....I don't eat lamb, but my husband does, and he said the lamb chops were great.Come hungry....leave STUFFED!
4	The customer service here is amazing! I wish I had the name of our waitress, she was a short, blonde girl. Very perky and helpful.   The price at TdB is a bit expensive, the bill came to be $120. But the atmosphere was pleasant, and the experiance is fun. You def must love meat if youre here or it is not worth coming! The salad bar is delicious as well.
4	Oh yeah!!! The first time I hit this place was like a meat lover's personal Heaven!! I like everything about it, the servers are quite friendly and knowledgeable about their selections of food, and wine. They are so helpful with your questions. This place is an All You Can Eat, The meats are brought to your table so you never have to get up, unless you want something from their salad bar which has, cheeses, cold cuts, soups, rice, sushi, fruits, and veggies. They give you a round card, one side is green for them to keep coming with meats, and the otherside is red to stop them from coming if you're finished or to take a break. And my most favorite dessert there is their chocolate cake. Sangrias are great too. I you like meat, is the place to eat!!
5	The nom's this place offers are EXCEPTIONAL!!!I wanted to try a new place for my birthday and decided I wanted to be placedin a meat coma upon my arrival home. So Texas De Brazil was chosen!I'm so glad we came here the food was delicious!Our waiter was patient and swift as he explained how the cards and the food delivery worked. He also thoroughly explained all that was on the salad bar and encouraged us to give it a whirl.The salad bar is almost equivalent to the greatness of the meat (meat blasphemy, I know!!). But it really is delicious with traditional salad entrees being offered in addition to marinated mushrooms, fresh salami and cappicola to dress. Along with sauteed mushrooms and lobster bisque. (ALL TASTY!!)Then the meat arrived. I wont lie, I drooled a little bit when I saw lamb chops, and sirloin, and sausage (oh my!!)It was all tasty and they managed to have something to please everybody. They could even cut the meat for people who wanted medium to well done. My sister has already planned another visit for us.I cant wait to go again.. yummy!!
3	WOW  that was one expensive buffett.
1	This is my second Texas de Brazil location. The Aruba location was absolutely delicious, so I had to visit this location with the boyfriend when we were in Las Vegas since they don't have any locations near us. I was so estatic to introduce him to eat here but unfortunately our dining experience wasn't that great. Most of their meats were heavily salted that our meal mostly consisted of drinking tons of water. Overall, tonight's dinner was the worst dinner we ever had, especially for their pricing and that we couldn't eat our money's worth. Definitely won't be coming back to this location. 1 star for staff friendliness.
3	Hmm.... not sure about this place.  I re-read my review and it is funny that I got sick there.  I took my cousin there a few months ago, and he got sick too, like really sick.  Not sure what that's about.  It is too bad, because I like the food a lot.
5	i love this place. i go here for every special occassion. went for my birthday this past march was awesome. great server and great food. only bad thing is that they tend to forget when you ask them to cook the food well done sometimes they dont come back to your table with it since everything is cooked medium.  but its still amazing.
4	Having frequented "Barbacoa" in Tokyo, Japan, which has a very similar concept, I was both impressed and disappointed with Texas de Brazil. Impressed - salad bar was superb with a lot of high-end offeringsDisappointed - Meat selection was good, but have seen a more extensive and better offering from Barbacoa in TokyoFor a price of $46 dollars per person, you get what you come for and it's a fun experience for those who have never been. With 2 drinks, a dessert and 2 plates, our total bill came to about $130 dollars + tip. Not too bad considering the premium the strip normally places on it's restaurants!
5	On the norm, this place is usually packed! They are well staffed to handle it. Typical service for a Brazilian Steakhouse isn't as good as an American Steak House service (upscale restaurant), so keep that in mind but for this place, This place takes the cake!  Via Brazil would take second then Fogo de Chao would place in show. Only downfall, you must make a dinner reservation or your going to be stuck an hour or more just to be seated. That's how good it is! Since it's upscale, so is the price. Dinner runs for $46.99 per person. Soda's are from can and not from fountains which means no free refills. 1 can of soda is $3 each. Best if you just drink water or an ice-t which are the only two that are refillable. But for service and quality of food, so far in Las Vegas, this place is number 1. I would recommend this place for people to celebrate Birthdays or A Special Anniversary. Our favorite items are the Bacon Wrapped filet mignon and the Beef Ribs that is cut in a special way without the bone and the house special top sirloin cap called Picanha, best if you asked for thin slices!
5	Been wanting to go to Texas de Brazil for quite awhile but it's on the expensive side so just never got around to it. Finally went for my birthday and had a wonderful time and one of the best meals I've ever had.Everything I love about a great steakhouse (extensive salad bar and garlic mashed potatoes mmmmm) but you get a wide variety of different meats and they'll keep bringing them around as long as you still have room. All the meats were perfectly cooked, the chicken and pork cuts were juicy and tender. We finished the meal with a slice of Brazilian cheesecake, which was a perfect combination of chocolate fudge, cheesecake and caramel. Cannot wait to come back here again now that I know all the little things about it. Definitely want to try some of the sauces they had at the salad bar with the meat (chimichurri and mint sauce).Important tip!: if your planning on going for your first time or just a return trip, sign up on their website for their eclub/mailing list. They'll send you a 10% off coupon for the entire meal and they'll send you a "Buy one, get one dinner free" for your birthday.With the buy one, get one coupon, our check ended up being $100 plus the tip. We had an amazing meal and alcoholic beverages and dessert. Very much worth it.
5	The best, the ABSOLUTE BEST in Brazilian BBQ!Being from L.A., I've had my share of great BBBQ places. Fogo de Chao, M Grill, Libra Steakhouse and the non AYCE variety such as Pampas, Bossa Nova, Cafe Brasil, and of course we're known for our plethora of Korean BBQ places too. But the best all you can eat BBQ place I've set foot in is Texas de Brazil. Why you ask? Let's take a step by step journey shall we?First, the place itself is very classy, roomy, very romantically lit (as romantic as plates on plates of red juicy, bloody meat can be anyways), and not too loud. The walls are decorated with lots of artwork, I think it's very well decorated but then again I ain't exactly what youse city folk would consider as "artsy" nor fancy but i do know it's not tacky. Spotting your favorite UFC fighter or Vegas celeb here isn't too uncommon (what's up Wanderlei Silva!). The servers in their gaucho uniforms are very friendly and always super attentive.Secondly, the buffet bar. Wow what selections! Of course you're going to get the usual greens from the salad bar and as always, everything there is very fresh. Asparagus, snow peas, mozzarella, grilled Portobello, olives, baby corn, grilled peppers, etc. Just remember, don't get too excited, it's just frickin' veggies man! The other section offers garlic shrimp, pasta, cheeses, prosciutto, fried plantains (delicious!) and just a lot of other great and satisfying fillers but I sure hope you know better than to fill yourself up with those! One thing you do have to get though is the lobster bisque, man I sip on that the whole night. It's rich, creamy, and just so flavorful. Now for the main event, the MEAT! Picanha, top sirloin, Brazilian sausages, beef ribs, chicken wrapped in bacon, filet mignon, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, flank steak, garlic picanha, lamb chops, leg of lamb, Parmesan chicken, Parmesan pork loin, pork ribs, and pork loin.Oh man, each piece if perfectly seasoned with the right amount of salt and spices. You never feel like you're consuming too much sodium even though that's exactly what you're doing. But you don't get the meat sweats because it's just that perfectly cooked and not at all too oily. My favorite were the pincanha, top sirloin, filet mignon in bacon, and definitely the leg of lamb along with the chops as well. I don't know how many beasts I've consumed at Texas de Brazil but I can assure you, PETA would consider me one of their greatest enemies if they know just how much meat I eat here. The thing that also helps you continually enjoy seconds, thirds, fourths, and so on and so on are the sauces they have for you to dip the meats in. the chimichurri and mint sauces are bomb.com and goes well with pretty much any cut of meat.Lastly, their dessert carts they have rolling around are packed with choices as well. Cheesecake, flan, pies, cakes, and creme brulee galore! Confession though, I honestly didn't try any because I had filled myself up to the throat with meat and lobster bisque and the Brazilian version of Lay's potato chips, the pao de queijo (aka Brazilian cheese bread) because I bet you that you can't have just one. I on the other hand did have just one I think, one basket that is. I love those cheeseballs!Anyway, each person I believe came out to like 50 bucks which is honestly a steal for the quality of meat and everything else at the salad bar that they offer. If you sign up on their website you can get special offers from time to time so might wanna look into that if you're more on the thrifty side. All in all, when in Vegas, screw 90 percent of the buffets on the strip (with the exception of the Bellagio & Wynn ones) and just come on down to Texas de Brazil. Where Texas cattle get the Brazilian treatment (I honestly don't even know where their cattle comes from, I'd just figure I make that connection so it would help me make more sense of the name). Oh wait, just read on their website it's because they combined it with the generous spirit of Texas, close enough. Ok now I'm just talking to myself, but anyways, do yourself a favor and come here if you are a meat lover. If not, stay home you salad eating pansy.
2	I was so excited to go here that my expectations went a bit too high. I think an actually requirement of working here is to be from Brazil. I wonder how that exactly works out... All the meat that we tried was really delicious however a lot of the times it was extremely rare. I like my meat a bit more cooked and when I asked for medium it was like they suddenly avoided our table. The buffet didn't match the cost of the meal. For that price they should be bringing all the food to me.  Over all I dont think I would go back.
5	Texas de Brazil is really quite impressive.  They offer a very nice salad bar with various cheeses, prepared salads, cold meats, fresh vegetables.  There is also a hot item bar with a delicious lobster bisque, scalloped potatoes, black beans, rice, and sauteed vegetables.  It's very easy to fill up just on these items.  Then the meats come around, and the selections are quite wide.  Pork tenderloin, bacon-wrapped chicken, filet mignon, flank steak, beef rib, etc.  Everything was very tasty.  We also tried the sangria, which was very good as well.  Don't miss the buttery mashed potatoes and fried banana side dishes.  This is a nice place to celebrate a special occasion, and we always look forward to dining here.
4	I absolutely love meat and this place is perfect for me. Although I wished they would have more choices of steak, the other meat options were good. One thing that really caught my heart was how great the customer service is. The servers are very polite and professional. One of them kept insisting of the notion "ladies first" and treated me before the boys. It's nice to see chivalrous behavior.
4	None of these places have chicken hearts which is a staple at a true Churrascaria.  Hard to screw this format up really except when you mess up the meat.  The meats here were all done pretty well, the only complaint I has was the picanha which was dry for some reason.  Plus, they only have 6 kinds of meat which felt light.  After 10 minutes, it felt like they were bringing back the same thing over and over (which they were).  They have the flank (the best cut here in my opinion), picanha, sausage, filet, lamb and bacon wrapped chicken, that is literally it.  Also, the waiters keep wanting to cut off the ends, I had to tell them I like it rare and to cut me a middle piece (no big deal).  The service was good and the salad bar was plentiful.  It's a bit loud but these places always are.  I'd probably go back but it's a little light on the meat selections.
5	Great selection at the salad bar (don't fill up), delicious unlimited meats and outstanding customer service.  I like Yolie's, but TDB beats them by a mile.  I don't think our water glasses were ever less than half full and the servers were always attentive and very professional.  We will be back.  The only thing that was disturbing (a pet peeve), is typical throughout Las Vegas; no dress code.  The place is a very nice, relatively expensive dining establishment, yet people show up dressed to mow their lawns in wife beaters, cut off shorts and flip flops.  Makes it hard to celebrate occasions and feel special.  In a town where you can't get into most dance clubs with sneakers, there should be a standard for nice restaurants.
4	Really good food and excellent service. I have been to a few places like this but never had meat come so quickly. Would have been 5 stars if they had more unique meats. Salad bar looked okay, but I never actually ate them. The garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas that the brought as sides were amazing!
5	Tip #1.....don't come here unless you want to severely overeat and knock yourself into a food coma.Usually it is all about food and presentation but in the case of TDB, it really is all about the food.  Sure, the presentation of carrying meat around on a skewer is a nice show albeit a little cavemanish but as far as I'm concerned, they can carry it around in their bare hands as long as they just keep bringing it.Tip #2....don't go crazy with the salad bar.  Yes, you will be tempted by the grilled garlic, various cheeses, seared tuna, sauteed mushrooms,  artichoke hearts, quiona salad and smoked salmon but STOP!!!!!  You're not here for that!  Nope, you're here for the succulent tastings of all the different kinds of meat.Tip #3....tell them how you like your meat cooked.  That's right, don't be afraid.  Just because it is on a skewer doesn't mean its cooked the same way all the way through.  Tell your server what your preference is and they will let the meat walkers know exactly what you're looking for.  If you were at an ordinary steak house, you'd do the same.The MEATS..One of my favorites is picanha which is just a sirloin.  Why would one pay this kind of dollar to get a sirloin.  Well take my word and TDB's as well (it is their house special) that this is not an ordinary sirloin.  This slab of meat is cooked to perfection with a char on onside.  The meat is tender and surprisingly melts in our mouth and not like the sirloin I've known for so long.  I would suggest that you get one of the edge pieces where the fat is on the crispy side.  Make sure to add some of chimichurri sauce for the meat as it adds plenty of oil and garlic to this already juicy piece of meat.Their lamb could quite possibly be in my top 3 lamb tastings of all time.  Add in their mint sauce and it is an amazing combination for your mouth.Others meats worth diving into:Flank Steak - oddly enough, not as good as the sirloin but ranks right up there.Filet Mignon - the king of all beefs.  Unfortunately here it is just ok.  It is nothing as you'd find a common steakhouse but definitely worth the eat.Chicken - honestly I'm not here to eat chicken but will admit, the chicken is very good but here and now....its all about the beef.Pork Loin - seasoned well and very tender. However if I'm going to have pork, throw me some bacon please.Garlic Steak - a nice piece of meat with the presence of garlic.  The garlic is not overpowering but can definitely be tasted.The service at TDB is amazing and they want to make it a dining experience.  I've never once felt rushed no have I ever left there wishing something was different about the service.  The staff has always been friendly and on spot with meeting our needs.A good wine selection and a full bar tops this amazing culinary experience.Sure, it is pricey and not something that I would do weekly.  A couple of times a year is more than enough.  But with regards to the price, it is no higher than one of your higher end steak houses and I promise you that  you will never leave with an empty feeling.Tip #4....ENJOY!!
4	Meat mayhem!! We had a meal with a big group, so we were able to have a semi-private room off the side of the bar.  Our waiter was very personable, friendly, and efficient.  I was especially impressed when he checked on us mid-way through our meal to ask if we'd like any particular meats sent over.The food was indeed good.  I didn't go crazy with the salad bar, but I enjoyed the lobster bisque (very smooth, no chunks of lobster), the shrimp, the chilled asparagus, the mushrooms, and the potatoes au gratin.  The sides were also quite tasty, although I preferred the bananas over the garlic mashed potatoes. The bread was delicious as well.  The meat was very, very good!  I enjoyed the filet, the lamb chops, everything that was wrapped in bacon.  I will say that it does tend to be rather highly salted, so this is not a place you'd want to go if you're watching your sodium!
5	I lived for some time in Rio de Janeiro and this "Rodizio' is the best I had outside of Brazil, simply perfect, it reminds me 'Porcao' and 'Marius'.take a tip from a connaisseur : don't get too much food from the buffet, real brazilians focus on meat, specially "picanha"
5	After hearing so much about this place and after having lived in Vegas for 10 years without trying it, I decided it try it on one of my trips back to the land of sunshine and neon.  Solid 5 stars.I stuffed my face on prime cuts in a manner I haven't done in years.  I sampled every cut that came by our table.  The salad bar is extensive and exquisite.  They have cheeses at the salad bar that add a nice element to the meal.  I will definitely be going back to this place.  The service was excellent and the staff was courteous.  It lived up to everything I had been told and then some.
5	Living in Vegas for a few years now, good restaurants are abundant.  We benefit from all the incredible chef centered properties on the strip and the Megaresorts, however; the one area where the recession has really hit most places is service.  Fewer wait staff, poor service even when the food is acceptable can really put a downer on things.  Texas de Brazil is not one of those locations.  Food was exceptional and well seasoned.  And yes, while you come here for the meats, the exceptional balanced salad bar with its choices of chilled asparagus with raspberry sauce, couscous, lobster bisque, fresh salads and cheeses really create an exceptional dining experience.Granted, its not the tasting menu at Guy Savoy or Joel Robuchon, but its a real pleasure combining the numerous meat selections, tasty sides, and exceptional service.  My wife and I had 6:15 reservations and were promptly seated when we arrived.  Dress code was Las Vegas Business Casual (I allow for nice dress shorts).  And there were several families with small children and young people.Price was more than fair, service was exceptional, and food was great.  I highly recommend locals or visitors giving TdB a shot.
5	Execellent service and food.  Reservations is a must and go early.  We had to wait an hour since he had no reservations but that was fine. Adam M. - Wait Server is Execellent.  Giving you the tips on what type of meats to try and to try a little of everything at a slow pace.  Checking to see if we want anything special to be cooked it can be down .The bread to the meats to the salad bar is well stock and fresh. Will be back with our family and friends the next time we are in Las Vegas.
5	This is probably my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  I understand that it's a chain and there are a handful of other TdB's I could visit, but that doesn't mean it's not amazing.  The food here is wonderful, the staff is always friendly, and I've NEVER left wanting more.I recommend this place to all of my friends.  Definitely worth checking out if you're in Vegas.
5	We typically have buffets when visiting Vegas so I thought I would mix it up so I came here for my BDay with a group after hearing about the restaurant on MMAjunkie. Wow is this place damn good. I'm a meat lover so I was in Meat heaven. All the meats were on point and the buffet was damn good too. Best Brazilian steak place hands down and we have had quiet a few back in LA. This place has to rank in top 5 best places I ever ate.
5	Food was delicious.  Will come back.
4	This place is fabulous if you're a carnivore. They start you off with mashed potatoes, fried bananas and brazillian cheese bread. I hate bananas but these taste fantastic. From what I can recall they serve Filet Minon, skirt steak, flank steak, pork ribs, beef ribs, Parmesan chicken, chicken breast wrapped in bacon and pork tenderloin. After a while the beef gets to you and that's when the salad bar comes to play. Their desserts are fantastic as well. I definitely recommend the pecan pie but make sure it's hot. Their cheesecake is very good as well.
2	We absolutely loved this place.The food, the atmosphere, the service are all second to none.So why the "3-star" rating?Over the top expensive!  $50 for a 12 year old?  Come on guys!   Ridiculous!By the way, our favorite meat served was a chicken drummie that was encrusted with Parmesan cheese.  We had it last and if we would have had it first, we would have loaded up on it.All the meats and salad bar are spectacular.  Really.Our servers were all exceptional.  It's really hard to find a better combination of food and service.I just take issue with anyone charging a 12 year old full price.Leave the kids at home and you'll enjoy a 4-star experience.EDIT:  Just changed to 2 Star Rating.  Why?  Their website says 12 year olds get 1/2 price.  I told our main server my children were 12 and 10.  He replied, "1/2 price for the 10 yo and full price for the 12 yo".Train your people!!!!!!  I'm now embarrassed for leaving a full 20% tip.  Damn.
5	Have to say one of the best places to eat. Yes it is pricy, but the flavors of meat, desserts, etc are just amazing. My mouth waters just thinking about it. My wife and I went yesterday to have our 5 year anniversary and I think she enjoyed it more than I did. I do wish the price was cheaper. Oh well. Would recommend to anyone who loves great tasting meat and is willing to pay top dollar for it. Maybe a once or twice a year/special occasion dinner.
5	Truly the cream of the crop amongst many Brazilian BBQ joints. Came here to celebrate my 100th day with my girlfriend and what a decision it was to come here!  We came on a Monday night during the evening at about 5:30 PM. Though there was not a lot of people, we waited 15 minutes, probably because they were preparing but it was well worth the wait plus more. Upon seating, we were courteously greeted and  were given a brief synopsis of how this unique restaurant works. However, I had difficulty understanding him for he had a strong accent but I learned as I went. For appetizer, we are introduced to the buffet bars consisting primarily of multiple salads and greens. There was literally every green vegetable and fruit imaginable. The asparagus is huge and extremely fresh! They also had garlic shrimp which was very tasty as well. And to think this was just the beginning, I was more than wrong.Upon seating, you are given this plastic coin where one side is red and one side is green. The red basically means "no meat" while the green means "meat." Wandering the restaurant are servers who carry their specialty of meat and cut/serve for you when they noticed the green side up.I first began with chicken wrapped in bacon. DELICIOUS. Small yet enriching in taste. My suggestion is try not getting too much so you leave room for others.Then I got Filet mignon wrapped in bacon. Can't get enough. Then came others such as the Brazilian sausages, pork ribs, lamb chops, lamb legs = etc. Every meat is cooked to near perfection with right amount of salts, spices, and etc. The food is served at your convenience so remember to leave good tip. Try to eat at a good pace as well because once that green coin is up, the meat will come at a very quick pace. So quick, that you may leave your meats to cold air just because you've accumulated way too much. My bill came out to a little over 100 with a glass of wine and two people. For a buffet style, this is not bad at all. I find this to be smart because unlike a buffet, this style of unlimited food conserves portions at the server's discretion. While at a buffet, people impulsively grab foods that look good and tend to eat half of it and then throw it away. A waste, when you consider how many people in the world are starving, which is why I truly credit this place for implementing an AYCE style that conserves portions and maximizes profits. I am a proud Korean and their popular format of foods but Brazil really gives me a good reason to become a part of their nationality JUST because of the foods. I hope you all enjoy the same journey I had at this restaurant.
5	I think the only way someone could give this restaurant less than 5 stars is if they somehow got really bad service.I've eaten here about seven times now - and their servers are first rate - as would be expected when you're looking at $50+ per person.The salad bar is huge and full of unique and delicious things.  Everything from Salmon chunks, huge variety of vegetables, bacon, soups, cheeses...and that only about 1/2 of it.  Very unique and good salad bar - I know people who go here just for it.But...the big attraction of Texas de Brazil is M-E-A-T.  Basically you can have as much of just about any type of meat your heart desires.  I could write a book about how great their meat is.  Lamb, Beef, Chicken, Pork...many different cuts and preparations of each.  When I first arrive at this restaurant, I find it hard to imagine how I could ever turn down another helping of such fine meat!  Then...about 3 pounds later...I think, oh my god I just ate more meat than I thought humanly possible.  And LOVED IT.Texas de Brazil is an awesome restaurant with a very high-end feel and I give it my highest recommendation without any reservation.
5	This place was great.  Very friendly atmosphere and attentive service.  The servers just kept coming and you didn't have to wait too long if you needed something.  If they don't personally have what you're looking for, the server will go and look for the person who can deliver.Don't forget to try out the Lobster Bisque... it is heaven.Just make sure that you have enough room to chow down and enough time to really savor the meal.
5	Great experience!! The service was wonderful and the food was outstanding!! BTW our server was Bonnie :) She is the best!!!
5	So darn glad we tried this place!!!!We ate here for lunch and it was $36.99 per person. They told us that after 3:00 pm the cost for dinner is a but more so I was glad since we were trying it for the first time we got the lunch price.They do offer lesser price for kids.We started with the Salad Bar and I was very impressed with what they had to offer. I never heard of "Grilled Provolone" before and it was too tasty. So many options you wouldn't find at the usual buffet and so so so fresh. They gave us all our own "flip card" that you have turned to Red when you are eating and Green when you are ready for more. They brought us Garlic Filet, Bacon Wrapped Filet, Flank Steak, Bacon Wrapped Chicken, Pork, Lamb, and Sausage.They just keep bringing it to you until you are done. I can't believe for the price you get to keep eating such quality meats.They brought during the meal some "Fried Bananas" to cleanse the palette in between trying the different meats. They also brought some "Garlic Mashed Potatoes" and some delicious little rolls.We all had soda and they came in cute aluminum bottles. I kept 1 for my collection of coke stuff.We didn't eat dessert because we were so stuffed from everything but I am sure it would have been tasty.The inside looks kinda fancy but you don't have to dress up to go here.The service was excellent and we are now hooked and will for sure be back again!
5	It's a little pricey, but well worth the extra $. Go for lunch on the weekends to save a couple of bucks. The salad bar is the best buffet in Las Vegas by far. Just remember to pace yourself and minimize the extraneous foods (salad, beer, etc.) to save maximum room for all the different meats. They're all delicious.
5	Last yr., my company had our Christmas party at Texas de Brazil. Wow what an experience. All you can eat meat, soup, salad and sides. The staff were very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.I am not much of a meat eater but I had a GREAT time.  I love it so much, I celebrated my birthday w/them too. KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK TEXAS DE BRAZIL!!!
3	Good overall. Wish some of the cuts were more rare and less slty. We had a large party and it was perfect for that.
1	A joke can't tell you how I really feel cause they removed it
3	The staff is great.  Very attentive and friendly.  I had to flip my button thing over a few times saying I didn't want food - not because my stomach was full, but because the cooks were coming around too often.I love the cheese bread.  I love the prime rib.  I love all the meat actually.  Unfortunately on this last trip all the meats were very salty.  I ended up stopping my meal a little earlier than usual because I just didn't want to taste the salt anymore.I wish they had some "exotic" foods like rattlesnake, buffalo, ostrich, or something like that.Now I know all-you-can-eat filet mignon isn't cheap, but the prices here are ridiculous.  I only ever bother coming if we have a half off coupon.
5	Texas de Brazil is the bomb! For about 45 bucks you can have AYCE brazilian steak and other delicious cuts of meat, as well as side and a gormet salad bar. They have an enormous wine selection and the staff is always friendly and helpful. If there is a certain meat that you want brought to your table, your waiter will always make sure that happens. Be sure to make reservations in advance though or you may be in for quite a wait during dinner
4	Do not waste your time or stomach capacity with the salad bar! Go straight for the "meat and potatoes!"
2	First ate at Via Brazil, and thought it was totally not worth it for the price, about $45-$50 after tax and tip. Everyone said Texas was better.So I finally came here and the meats are negligibly better, but the salad bar is worse. They don't have carpaccio like via does, albeit not great carpaccio. The meats are ok but nothing great, but the service was awesome. I think it's because we had a large party that our server just stood in the corner of the small room we were in when we didn't need anything immediately.Honestly, it just isn't worth it. For 60 bucks (post tax+tip) I could get a steak at Gordon Ramsay Steak. And I'd rather fill up on 1 good slab of meat than on 10 different mediocre pieces of meat.They charge you a ridiculous price and it doesn't even include dessert. And at $8.25 a slice, the prices can't get any more absurd.Even at 30 bucks, I'd rather go for all you can eat Korean BBQ or sushi. They just taste better and are half the price.Oh and those cards they give you that tell them if you want more meat or not, just pretend they don't even exist. The servers come by and ask if you want it anyways.I didn't plan to ever visit here after trying Via Brazil, but it was a friend's birthday and this was the choice spot. I don't plan to ever come here again even if for another friend's birthday. The price is over the top but the meat isn't borderline inedible and the service was good, so because of that I'd have to give it 2 stars.
5	What a great eating experience. The salad bar is awesome but the steaks are the main attraction. Lamb, bacon wrapped chicken, flank steak their special steak but my favorite is the filet mignon but not the one wrapped in bacon(takes away from the filet). So tender no knife is needed and melts in your mouth! Dinner is great and has more meats at $50 but lunch is a better value at about 1/2 the price.
5	An endless parade of perfectly charbroiled meat on skewers and carved table side. If that weren't enough they have an extensive salad bar with lobster bisque, charcuterie sushi, and salad (if you must). I must also mention the cheese rolls. speaking of rolls, be prepared to be rolled out of there after you have eaten roughly your body weight in filet minion, beef ribs, and flank steak. Worth the short drive from the Las Vegas Strip. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Excellent quality and excellent customer service. Wow!!  I will return.
4	The salad bar is fresh and delicious, if you can't say no to meat prepare of the meat sweats, although the meats are fabulous. Definitely a must on the Vegas list.
3	Rex Marvin is nothing if not a hard working fellow.  There is proof to back that statement. Among the other things you know about Rex, there was the 4 years Rex spent artificially inseminating cows in Japan...the wear and tear on your soul...and your hips...is hard work. Those cows are insatiable. There was the 2 years Rex spent working on that giant tug boat...Kirstie Alley. There is a many years of standing on street corners around this great country teaching everyone how to be awesome or how to bleed from their forehead...whatever they wanted. There are dice game organizer, rat trapper, trap ratter (hard to explain), mobile lab set up man, Andre The Giant's personal bartender, hand rolling tampons in Indonesia...and much, much more. Rex works hard for his money.  When Rex goes out to eat Rex wants tastes. Rex wants value. Rex wants it all. (Much like the Nigerians want from Rex when he sends out those emails...but Rex nevers gives ALL the banking information. By the way, all of you are entitled to 5 million dollars if you just send Rex 10,000 for bank fees and all of your banking information. Trust Rex...if you dare.)  So it stands to reason that such a good, honest, hardworking Rex would love a great buffet.   He has tried them all. Has some good experiences.  Texas De Brazil, no matter what  you call it, IS a glorified buffett.  Rex has been there many times.The first few times Rex went to Texas De Brazil the large selection and the never ending meat (just like Rex's pants) made him dizzy (just like Rex did for Ms. Alley...that and 10lbs of Kit Kats).  Rex was blinded by the dizzying, gut busting, array of food. If asked 1 year ago Rex would have given it a 5 out of 5.  Rex can't do that anymore, something he told his Japanese overlords after a 52 day inseminating spree fuelled by roofies, sake and viagra. (Note...those cows take a LOT of roofies even Rex's homemade Mento/gas/ammonia/gunpowder kind!)Lets start with the least annoying issue...the inconsistent meat. Much like those lovely cows...all meat has it's own issues and qualities. (Rex KNOWS cows...more than any man should...and a lot of cows know Rex...so trust Rex...if you dare.) Sometimes the temperatures won't be right or some meat will be a little tougher or grainier than others. Rex understands that. It is a volume business, it isn't Kobe beef...it is good cuts but not great. You won't get amazing cuts for 50 bucks all you can eat. In this case though...you should...and why......bigger issue...the sides all seem (or are) store bought. For example, the manager told us that the mozzarella balls are bought from one of their vendors. Right down the road is a deli Rex has recommended here (Cuginos)...that makes their own. Making your own mozzarella isn't all that hard. Rex has done it. This is an "upscale" or "high end" buffet...they could make their own sides. Rex will also bet all of his sweet memories with Bessie the brown cow...that the lobster bisque and at least half the sides are bought pre-made. The more Rex see's it and tastes it, it is ALWAYS the same. There is very little deviation in the flavor profile that says either the consistency is truly spectacular, or it is made somewhere else and brought in. Plus, if you aren't making your own mozzarella, which is easy, you aren't making a decent and consistently consistent lobster bisque which is harder...much harder. Especially when the meat and chicken is NEVER consistent. Third problem...is the service. I am not just talking about servers that bring the meat and sometimes just grunt at you. I am talking about your waiter or waitress that often times sit you at your seat and sometimes never sees you again until you ask for the check. Rex is talking about the water service that often seems painfully slow or smothering.   It is just all very inconsistent. Rex doesn't want to bash it too badly. When done well, and it is hit and miss, Texas De Brazil IS GOOD bordering on very, very good. If you don't mind the premade brought in side dishes, then you are fine. For me...I wish they cooked more and bought less. If crappy downtown buffets can make their food...so can a place charging at least 35 for lunch and 50 for dinner!The cows...and the ladies know...more is better...and Sexy Rexy gives them more than they can handle (if 2.3 inches is more than they can handle for 8 seconds.) For food...more is better is not always true.
5	I was recommended here by my friend/my evo technician. He suggested I go here when I'm in Vegas. I decided to go here since I have a free birthday meal. The meats were good, I especially LOVED the parm. chicken. the meat was oh-so-flavorful! my bf loved the bacon wrapped chicken. they had beef, chicken, lamb, pork, but they do have sausage.The banana cinnamon thing was yum! It tasted like a Cinnabon cinnamon roll without the cream cheese frosting but with bananas!I'm pretty sure we will come back.And if you see this Mauricio, thanks for recommending this place!They are faced across Mandalay Bay. (I drove around and around that stupid small plaza looking for it)
4	My husband and I really enjoyed our meal here. As previous reviewers have said, the salad bar is amazing, much more than just salad. One very Brazilian item and a personal favorite of mine is the hearts of palm. They really are hearts of a palm tree, slightly pickled and very tender. They also have cauldrons with different soups, and the national dish of Brazil which is called 'Feijoada'. Feijoada is basically a black bean stew with different kinds of meats, typically spooned over a scoop of white rice. Very savory.I believe the entree, though it is all you can eat, is a bit overpriced, but the food was good, the service was fine and I'd definitely come back here.
4	The best brazilian steakhouse in the U.S. in my opinion!! I first went to Texas de Brazil in Chicago and I absolutely loved it. I also went 3 times to the Las Vegas restaurant and the quality is just as amazing as the one in Chicago. Food is very good, well presented, the salad bar has a lot of variety, the rice and beans are very well done and the BBQ is just right! The papaya and cassis and the flan desserts are the best! Everything is awesome in this restaurant. I am giving only 4 stars because I miss the chicken hearts. I true brazilian restaurant would serve chicken hearts as part of the BBQ menu. Other than that, this place rocks! I wish we had one here in Northern California!! I'd go there all the time!
5	MEAT LOVERS GALORE!! a place to definitely satisfy your inner carnivorous nature A couple friends and I ventured off of the strip to try this place out, heard of it through my baby cousin who goes to UNLV! Compared to NY prices, this place was a steal. it was 35$ for all you can eat lunch (in NY its 65$). AND IT TASTED SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE NY ONE!Servers here are thebomb.com, super helpful and always asked if we wanted to request anything + how we liked our meat to be cooked. Can't get any better than that!!! customization to its finest :-) especially for an all you can eat place where you usually get what you're given. Recommendations: skip the salad bar, just eat the meat!! good selection though if you can eat that much... prosciutto only go to the salad bar to get your DIPPING SAUCES for the meat!! DONT FORGET THE THIS! sirloin- BEST SIRLOIN ever! perfectly medium rare, juicy- melt in your mouth sirloin:-)lamb racks- I could not stop eating these, SO good! perfectly cooked and marinated and no gamey- taste to it. CHEESE BALLS! - as good as these are, try not to eat more than 2... you will ruin your appetite for MEAT! which, you know, is the main attraction.FIVE STARS:for excellent servicefor foodfor atmosphere + cleanlinessfor pricefor being in vegas. not on the strip. :-)
4	Was in town for a basketball tournament and our team decided to have a team dinner here this year which turned out to be a good call for a bunch of carnivores.Great ambiance.  Walked through the doors and felt the classiness of the restaurant.  Bar was a good size to wait for your table and watch some games (especially if you had a parlay card still alive).  Separate rooms for private parties.  We had a party of 14 so gratuity was automatically included (18%).  Started off with some of the best lobster bisque I've ever had in my life!  Went back for 3 bowls!  Never had couscous until here and that was also very delicious (had it today at souplantation for lunch and theirs was dry).  The meat was great.  Filet, Flank, Top Sirloin, Bottom Sirloin, Garlic Sirloin, Garlic Chicken, Veal and others were part of the selection.  Service was fast and great.  Sometimes too fast.  Reason why i said that is because i flipped over my card to say "No Thanks" for no more meat but they kept coming by and ask if i wanted Top Sirloin.  I know they are just doing their job but i had my card flipped.  The funny thing was though is that it was only Top Sirloin and not Flank or Filet.  A gentleman did come by and did ask me personally if i was waiting for something in particular and it did eventually come.One thing that i have to note that didn't bother me because i was with a bunch of guys was the noise.  Apparently, a man was complaining to management that him and his date was pissed off at the table next to them which was loud.  it so happen to be that the table next to them was a bachelor party.  So to note, it can be loud and you can be next to a bachelor/bachelorette party which can happen anywhere in Vegas.Overall,  awesome place.  This place is like a 4.8/5 stars.
4	I went to Texas de Brazil for my birthday. All the food was high quality especially the meat. There was no wait to be seated at all. They kept the drinks and food coming. Their water was excellent and the meat was well cooked. The only issue I have is that the price was a little high, but it was worth it.
5	Best Churrascaria I have ever been to, including its namesake coutnerpart in Chicago. Only downside is no fountain sodas, so when you order, you get your small bottle and that's it. No refills. Not that you want refills anyway as it would take valuable real estate in your stomach. :)
5	I loved this place, went here for my birthday had reservations, took about 15 minutes to be seated. Service was great, salad bar was great! Meat was great. BUTTTT the desert was not so great, they put cinnamon in the creme brulee which i was not to fond over. But i still give it 5 stars!
4	Went to this place to celebrate my birthday with my wife and my 5 year old daughter and everything was great when it came to the food. The meats are well seasoned and done to taste great. The drinks and the side items were real good as well. Everything was great but it could have been perfect if I had not been charged full price for my 5 yr old when the TDB website clearly states that children 3-5 are only $5. That and the fact I do not like to argue over a check when I have the money to pay was the only reason why I gave this a 4 star rating when it could have easily been a 5+. Overall I would definitely say that I will return and hope that all wait staff are trained properly on the pricing per age, I'm sure my 5 year old can eat a lot but nothing compared to the appetite of a adult.
5	Probably the best restaurant I have ever eaten at. The meat is so tasty, cooked to perfection. The mash potato's are amazing (would love the recipe to recreate!). The brazilian dough balls are sensational......not only that but even the salad bar is good! I love the unlimited exceptional quality food, lobster bisque is brilliant......I always feel like ive eaten too much after, but it really is sensational stuff, pricey, but worth it.
3	Not as good as Fogo de Chao, not in terms of food quality nor service.It's still decent, and I'd go back there, but given the choice between the two, there's no contest in my mind.Still - slight edge to Texas for a more diverse salad bar, and more desert selections.  But, you came here to eat meat, right?
5	I came here last December for a birthday dinner and I fell in love. I have been to Brazilian steakhouses in CA but this one in Vegas stands out and the price is less than the Agora. Service was decent and the food just kept coming. I am a carnivore so this place makes me drool. The meat is cooked and seasoned perfectly just the way I like it. Basically it's an AYCE meat place and they will bring it to you. =P
5	Excellent!  All the meat you can eat!  We had an awesome waiter!  I had been to a Brazilian steak house in San Fran but this one was way better.  I went with my husband and our friends and this was there first time.  Everyone enjoyed themselves.  We went last Thursday and they were packed!  Very busy, make sure to make reservations.  I did it on line at their web site.
4	I freaking love Rodizio Style Brazillian Churrasco! Texas de Brazil is tasty and the service is phenomenal. Don't overload on the orgasmic cheese bread or the freshtastic sides because the MEAT is where it's at! My favorites are the bacon wrapped filet, flank, and the ribs.The only downside to this spot is that they don't do the rodizio pineapple that they have at most other Brazillian bbq spots and the fried banana is soft all the way through instead of crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Those things are minor in the grand scheme of things.This is a great spot for a large group, or just for a date. The ambience justifies the price. If you're looking for a less trendy rodizio experience check out YOLIES on Paradise. That place is LEGIT!
4	I like meat. I like red meat. And I love TdB! I can never eat a huge chunk/slab/filet of meat on my own. So the fact that the gauchos come around slicing a piece of perfectly roasted sirloin or Brazilian sausage or even pork is perfect to me. Combined with their huge salad bar with over 50 choices and the rice....touched with a saltiness and herbs that I can't describe. It's just all delicious!It is approximately $50 per person for dinner but imagine dining at a regular steak house for one appetizer and one entree. You would pay just about the same for a premium slab of meat so why not do a buffet. You get variety of fresh meats and veggies.Just don't forget to fill up on their cheese bread! I would order take out on just that with it's warm cheesy ooey gooeyness (and I have).
3	I've loved this place since the first time we tried it. Sure, it's expensive. Sure, the waitstaff tend to sneer at you when your group has a coupon. But the meat is always good (if a little on the salty side) and the salad bar? I can't rave enough about it.So let's break it down:Without going into a whole lot of detail, whenever we eat there, we get sick. Like, HURRY home sick. So we don't go there anymore, which makes me sad. I wish I could figure out what it is that makes us so sick because I would just avoid that one thing and enjoy everything else.It's very sad-making.Also, avoid going for lunch. The service isn't anywhere NEAR as good as dinner and there are no free refills for drinks. Additionally, the selection of meats seems to be reheated from the previous night.
4	If you're a carnivore, come hungry. First time for lunch, before it has always been for dinner! Had  the lobster bisque, tasty, but I have had better, one that has lobster meat and  that didn't taste so salty. That seems to be the theme here, especially on the meat. The salad bar is outstanding, all the great things you love in salads but don't always splurge on them. Roasted peppers, caper berries, blanched asparagus, a variety of mixed salads & Imported cheeses and meats. All delicious!Now onto the meat, the great thing, is you can experience all the flavors of tender juiciness with just small bites. You can tell the gauchos to cut a thin piece for you and they will... My favorite is the top sirloin, this is what they are known for, followed by the flank steak. Yes, they make it tender. Lamb chop - cooked perfectly, BBQ pork rib great... The parmesan chicken looked good, but I did not want to fill out on chicken or sausage. Sides of garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed bananas are included... For dessert we ordered Key Lime pie and Chocolate Mousse cake, unfortunately these are not made daily, and you can tell it had been frozen. Service is great, atmosphere is nice and food is good! You don't leave hungry, and trust me after eating there for lunch... no dinner tonight...
5	Can't believe I have never written a review for TdB.  I have been here many times...whenever the craving hits for "red meat super coma".  This is a great "guy's night out" even though the ladies usually don't mind some meat coma.  But let's face it, this is most guy's dinner wish.The setting is very nice and classy...feels like you need to be dressed up, but it doesn't seem like they push the dress code much here.  Service is excellent, with a main server to do drinks and to bring over specific requests.  The rest of the meat cutters move table to table to lavish your plate with excellent cuts and super tasty treats.There is a very large salad bar area that you can attack...I usually just hit the cheeses and misc to add to the wine selection or tidbits to fill in between the meats.I won't go into each and every cut, but I will name off a few of my favorites.  The filet mignon with and without bacon...no idea why, but I feel baconless tastes better??  And I am a huge bacon fan...maybe it is in my head.  The lamb is also super tender and tasty...and the house/top sirloin cut is also amazing...especially when you get the end pieces!  I also really enjoy the sausages...very yummy.Can't beat the potatoes and the fried bananas too!  I never have room for dessert, so the bananas are a nice touch.You simply can't beat this place if you have the BOGO or % off coupons...this is a super deal even at face value.  Can't go wrong!
4	MEAT.ON. SWORDS.Everything should be delivered on a sword. I'd eat salad if it came on a sword.
5	The best brazilian Steakplace in town!
5	Came here for the first time for a friend's birthday. It is the second time I've ever gone to a brazillian bbq.I was thinking there was a dress code for this place, but my friend who has been here a few times said there isn't one and a lot of people just come dressed casually so we did the same as well. The food overall was good, I stay away from anything pork and lamb so I cannot make comments about those dishes, but my friends all seemed to have loved it all. I tried all the other meat dishes and loved every one of them, I didn't taste something I didn't like. The filet mignon were all tender and juicy, the top sirlion's were also really good, I got as many of this as possible to fill my plate. I actually think my table cleaned out the guy who had the top sirlion each time he came over. The salad bar had a lot of neat small appetizers and such, but I would stay away from it and just stick to the meats. Some small stuff won't hurt, but you don't want to end up eating a bunch of things from the salad bar and not have any room for the meats! The service was amazing but this was the first time that I believe a few of us came and we didn't know that the BOGO was one per table and two of them had the deal. So it was reduced but we were a little bummed it wasn't much cheaper because of what we expected. Also, we didn't know that the drinks cost for each individual one, one of my friends got pineapple juice which came in a small can but he thought it was unlimited with the cost of one, turned out to be just $20 for the pineapple juice. Be careful when you order drinks, if you're expecting unlimited refills, it's not. Stick with the water. They don't have grilled pineapple though, which made me a little sad.
5	This place is great for the inner VELOCIRAPTOR in all if us! It's a flat rate for various specials but most include you getting up and toying with the EXCELLENT salad bar (not just salad but also cheeses, spiced meats, etc...) but do yourself a favor and WAIT/PASS on the salad bar.Texas de Brazil was my first Brazilian-BBQ style restaurant. According to my "amigos" you flip the coaster-sized marker that is green on one side and red on the opposite side. GREEN means BRING ME MORE F*KN MEAT! RED means I'M GOING TO DIE! STOP BRINGING ME MEAT JERKS! The service will bring out huge skewers of beef, pork, chicken, lamb, meats stuffed with cheese, gorilla, human meat, etc... All spiced or marinated differently.Whatever your heart desires!
4	I would NEVER pay full price and come here.. I will however come with a BOGO coupon eat happily and leave satisfied but maybe that's because I'm not much of a meat eater... So remember to sign up for their mailing list and they will send you a BOGO coupon for your birthday & anniversary~ and if you just go on any other day make sure to at least get a coupon for a free dessert! I always make the mistake of getting full at the salad bar with their lobster bisque, cheese, veggies, etc... OH & their cheese bread, oh man, once you pop you can't stop. As for their meat I think the quality is just OK nothing really stood out to me or melted in my mouth but I really do like the fun interactive concept with the gauchos walking around~ Con: they serve their soda in those individual little mini bottles which means no refills.. Boo!
5	One of the BEST Brazilian BBQ places I have EVER BEEN TOO!  They have a great salad bar, the meat selection is fantastic!  Only downer is that I didn't have enough time to sample everything because of the HUGE variety that the offered.  Which is good, so I have to go back again and again!
5	I went to this place for the first time and I am impressed. Good quality, friendly servers, food is delicious. Must must must!!!
5	What would you pay for a good steak?  $30?  $50?  $100?  Texas de Brazil gives you not only an incredible value for a great meal, but you are given what feels like hundreds of dollars of food for less than $50.An average of 14 various cuts of meat are hand delivered to your table for as long as you want.  It is a buffet where the food is delivered to you.  Take as much or as little as you want.Add in what I can only be called a "salad bar" filled with various fresh and cooked vegetables, soups, breads and cheeses, and the value goes up.Just being a great value for the amount of food can be accomplished by any buffet, but the food is phenomenal, the staff is helpful and attentive, and the atmosphere while loud is quiet and pleasant so you can easily talk at your table.If you are a steak lover, you have no reason to not go.
5	This is it!    Wow what a great meal!Was looking for a good place not in the casinos and this place delivered big time.Food: 9.5/10Fantastic selection and flavors were great.Lobster bisque was exceptionalService: 10/10At tentative, pleasant and everyone was on point.   Felipe was great.Cleanliness: 9.5/10No problems at allRestrooms: 10/10 as found 9.5/10Really nice.  Clean just a few water drips by sink but excellent overall.Parking: 9/10Nice big lotOverall: 10/10Way above average in all regards.  I will be returning each time I visit vegas.
2	An expensive way to ruin my sons Birthday. Not to many complaints about the restaurant in terms of the way it is put together ......high class in terms of fittings etc. Food was way to salty they salted everything and completely over powering even this I could of forgiven the big issue was the server. My son had travelled from the UK with his girlfriend , I drove over from California to celebrate his 22nd Birthday. Upon sitting down Eric (server) requested my son's and his girlfriends ID. MY son handed over his passport and his girlfriend her UK Driving License. He totally rejected the UK Driving license and abruptly stated that she would not be able to order an alcoholic drink. I protested however he didn't want to discuss and he left. To toast my sons birthday I poured a small amount of Sangria into her empty water glass however Eric spotted this and came over and promptly removed the glass. Within 5 minutes received the check, no request if we would like Desert or Coffee just put the check down and walked off. Really bad  attitude and completely ruined the evening. Just as a point of reference my sons girlfriend used her UK license through out her 6 days in Vegas and never had an issue. There are much better ways of spending $75.00 a head
4	The cuts of meat might be slightly better than Fogo (especially the lamb) but the down fall to this place are the caipirinhas. They make them here with fruit puree or concentrate instead of fresh fruit. Still a great meal and time, but if you are looking to place emphasis on the drink menu this is not the place, you will taste the difference.
5	By far the best of the "meat houses".  Pretty pricey, but great service.  Also, the sides and salads beat the heck out of the other Brazilian places.
5	My bf brought me here for my bday and I also received my free meal from TDB because I was signed up with their e-newsletter so that saved us $46.99 (so he was pretty lucky that I knew we were going here cause he couldn't keep his mouth shut, lol!!).The inside was unexpected, it looked like a place I wanted to live in as far as the decor goes. Really awesome and beautiful.Our first time here and wow, I was in love with the salad bar. IMO, a LOT BETTER than Fogo de Chao. Seemed like a lot more selection and it was constantly being filled back up so everything is always fresh. Our waitress was super friendly and awesome. She explained how everything works and always checked on us to make sure everything was good and if we needed anything.I didn't get to eat all of their meat selection but the ones I did eat were really good. I especially loved the brazilian sausage and chicken. I'm sensitive to salt so some of the items were too salty for me. I think next time I may just ask if they can get me a plate of all their meat wo their salt rub. I also went and bought their great holiday gift card deals to come back during xmas. It was $100 for $125 gift card so I bought 3 of them. Enough to feed 6 people including desserts and drinks! Definitely excited to come back here in a couple weeks.
4	It has been said that there are only two Brazilian Steakhouses in Vegas worth going to.  This is of course correct...and Texas de Brazil is one of them.I would give them 5 stars if only comparing them to other Brazilian Steakhouses.  To be fair though, there is better steak available in Vegas at this price--just not all-you-can-eat!Texas de Brazil does a solid job with their meats.  Their steaks are seasoned and cooked soundly and they put forth a good quality for the price, not just the AYCE standard.  Any fan of meat will be pleased with the great balance of quality and amount of what you are getting for this price!One of the areas that Texas de Brazil outshines some of the other Brazilian Steakhouses though is in the salad bar...lobster bisque?...yes please!  The salad bar is a mini buffet of salads and great sides!  I know people that happily come here for the salad bar (it is cheaper just to do the salad bar)...though that doesn't make sense to me.Texas de Brazil also has a nice wine list with some exception bottles in the $40 - $60 range.  Lots of good value here!...especially in malbecs, other South American varieties, and some Spanish bottles.Don't come here for the best steak around, but do come here when you want a lot of really good steak!
1	Watch your fingers!!! My friends and I went to this restaurant expecting great food and great service. I have to admit the food was good, but the management at the restaurant was absolutely terrible! One of the servers cut my friend's finger with a knife. They were initially apologetic, however, when the manager came out he was the most ridiculous person I've ever met. He stated he would not comp the meal because the "cut was not that big" despite the blood soaked napkin my friend had on the table that suggested otherwise. He was unable to define how large the cut needed to be before he was willing to pay for the meal. He then began arguing with my friend as she was upset with the way he handled the situation. This place may have decent food, but this by far was MY WORST EXPERIENCE IN VEGAS!!!
5	Amazing!!!! Beef ribs and flank steak is soooooo delicious!!! I wouldn't normally order those 2 meats at other places but its a must have here at Texas de brazil!! I just love the seasoning on the flank and the beef ribs are so tender!! Mash potatoes are yummy! The salad bar is more than a salad bar, you get so much out of it. Definitely coming back here again. Oh and make sure you come hungry!!
4	Loved this place!! Loved the salad/sides bar, great choices. I loved the different meats being served table side. The only bad thing I found was that the temperature of the different meats seemed to vary. Some meats would be piping hot, others warm, others too cool. My favorite was the pork tenderloin, which surprised me. My husband and I ate here on a whim, we're new to the area, and were actually looking for Claim Jumper. :P The downfall to that, was the 45 minute wait. We sat in the bar area, and I had one of their specialty drinks, that was so small, I think I finished it in maybe 2 minutes or less. I wouldn't bother with it again. I would suggest making a reservation if you can to minimize wait time.Some of my favorites from the salad bar are, the grape and gorgonzola salad, goat cheese, basket of crispy bacon, buttery white rice, fresh tomato slices piled high, and the blue cheese dressing is devine.Definite perks, they offer a 15% MILITARY DISCOUNT, which my husband and I really appreciate. They also have an email club, which provides valuable coupons when you sign up and for your birthday.
5	I signed up for their e-club and got myself a buy one get one offer for my birthday. It's $46.99 per person (dinner) so this coupon was a MUST use for me and my buddy. We were seated by the salad area so everything was easy access for us. We tried every meat that has past our table (might have missed some). ALL of the steaks tasted like an orgasm in our mouths! Kidding! Seriously,  great food all over and great service. Our server, Bonnie was GREAT as well!TdB keep it up!
1	Went there for dinner Thursday night. Collectively the entire staff gave me the worst experience I have had eating out. As i entered, The hostess didn't even acknowledge me, the bartender ran out of menus and told me to go get one for the host, the manager told me their food is expensive and it costs $45 per plate. Took me about 15 minutes just to get my first drink. Had the food been good, I would've been satisfied that the food would've compensated for the lousy service- it was not. Never ever will I go here and I will advise everyone I know not to as well.Avoid!!
3	This place has an amazing salad bar and the meat is great when the restaurant is busy and you request an inside cut of meat.  The outside cut is eXtremely salty and virtually uneatable.  Enroll in the online club and its worth the money.I like it, but without the coupons I would not eat there more than once every couple years...
4	2nd time i ate here. made reservations for sun evening. table was ready upon arrival.1st time a friend took me here to try it out. it's a typical brazilian bbq meat place. all sorts of meat cuts. bonus is to try all the different meats offered and then have additional servings of your fav(s). the down-size is beverages and desserts are not included. dinner price per person is around $48. if you're creative, sign up for their bday e-club. BOGO helped. we used the coupon on this trip.the lobster bisque soup was yum!we ordered dessert. i had the key lime pie. which had the right amount of citrus-lime combo after a heavy protein meal. friend ordered creme brulee. her dessert was disappointing. they used artificial vanilla flav. there were no vanilla bean seeds in the cream.the soup and salad bar is included but dont fill up on rabbit food. you've come here to grind on meat. THINK CARNIVORE when you come here! definitely will return to TdB
5	Ok 5 stars easy with the caveat that this is my first Brazilian BBq ever! It was DELICIOUS. Great service with kind explanations about how the food is served. First we were off to the salad bar. A+ for uniqueness, cauliflower salad, grape salad, fejoada (the ubiquitous rice and beans of Brazil), quinoa salad, goat cheese, nutty manchego cheese and prosciutto, and on and on delicious little tapas~like bits of food in large quantities. One could easily stop right there, and probably should, but no, don't! save room, the best is yet to come. Lamb, top round, flank steak, chicken two ways, and sausage come fragrantly sizzling 'round to your table. Tender, flavorful, and very nicely seasoned. Mashed potatoes (blah after all the salad bar offerings but fine) and fried bananas to the table. Cocktails selection was nicely explained and my caipirinha was given a light pour on the cachaca since it was lunchtime and I was driving, and great coconut flavor with many other flavors available. The atmosphere was romantic with it's high oxblood red ceilings and heavy beams. I would definitely visit again when protein cravings strike!
5	Good-mother-of-god meat from the sky!I wish I was the star of my own documentary that would chronicle how fat I could get from eating here everyday.  Texas-de-Brazil-size Me!I have to "carve" a whole day out of a Vegas trip to dedicate to this place.  You have to.  There's no way you're getting drunk, going to the club, or even dragging you heart-defibrillator needing behind to a blackjack table after a night at T-de-B. Also, they are very accommodating to large parties with advanced notice.  I went with a group of about 16-20 once.
5	Fantastic!!!  Every time I eat here I feel like i am going to explode when i leave.
5	Wow, this place is amazing. Ate here today and I was amazed by how pretty the place looked and the food was awesome! Definitely a carnivore's paradise :) they go around with skewered meats and they were perfectly cooked (med rare) and omg their salad bar was incredible! So much choices, all food seem fresh. And oh yeah, our server was so professional, very attentive, I believe his name was Raphael. Thank u for ur awesome service, definitely going back again just coz I received great service n of course the food was delicious :D
5	I came here for one of my birthday celebrations because if you sign up for their newsletter your birthday dinner is free! I would suggest signing up at least a month in advance to make sure you get your free offer. My husband and my brother came along for dinner. My brother who has never been here or anything like this was amazed! He was an awe the whole evening...I thought he was funny. When I come here I typically just stick to the red meats and lamb because I can always have chicken. The salad bar was still delicious but don't forget your dipping sauces that are also located there. I would suggest ordering the ice tea (free refills) and it doesn't make you full fast like a soda. They also give military discounts!
5	Skip the bread, skip the potatoes, skip the fried bananas, go directly to the meat. It's fun to see how many different animals you can eat in one setting. Noon - 3 on Friday the price is around $25. You can't beat it!
1	Bad Customer Service. I just tried calling the Corporate Office about an issue and after they asked me how they could help and I started to explain they said OK and hung up on me. (Twice, same person).Also the Las Vegas location has been having poor service. It has been taking a long time for the water to be refilled and Meat skewers to stop at our table. They seem to always make it to larger tables but smaller tables in a corner or by the kitchen are often overlooked. We have asked for the manager the last 2 times to discuss the issues but they never showed up at our table. :( Me and my wife figure we would give it one last try before we gave up and was planning to go for our aniversery if we would have got the  Buy one get one free email, but we did not, just a champagne toast or dessert. :(  Guess I will skip this place from now on as I don't see things getting better at your location or corporate.  And don't wish to spend $100+ for bad service. Also when friends come to town we will have to find another nice place to go. (And friends come into town every other month). You have lost a long time customer. Maybe after there is new management there we will come back. Sad thing is you most likely will not even read this email as most cooperation's don't. :(
5	I went there last year in January when I was visiting Las Vegas. I have been to Brazilian Rodizos here where I live but Texas De Brazil I would have to say is my favorite. Love the cheese in the buffet, and the pan de queso also love the maracuya alcaholic drink. Hella cook. The meats are good too and it will fill you up. Can't wait to go back next time I go to Las Vegas!!
4	People are not kidding around about this place!  It is a crazy experience to have meat carted around you on a sword and then cut to order.  I loved every minute of it and the minutes went by very quickly as I became full in about 20 minutes.  That might've had something to do with us sitting at a table right by the ktichen where the food was coming out.  First Served!  Flank Steak, Pork Tenderloin, Filet, Bacon Wrapped Chicken, Beef Ribs.  All of it so delicously seasoned and mouth-watering.  I couldn't believe how good some of this food was.  And they do not stop bringing it to you until they see the meat sweats coming down your forehead.I have lived in Henderson for over 5 years and always thought this place was too pricey.  My brother was in town for his Bachelor Party and was insistent on going.  My wife and I sucked it up and paid the price and boy, was it worth it!  The service was top notch and, as I mentioned about, so was the food.  My only critique is that the "Salad Bar" wasn't everything others had made it out to be.  It was more like a "Side Bar" and there really wasn't much in the way of salad/toppings.  That may seem silly but when you're stuffing red meat down your gullet, you want some salad to take away some of the pain.  A great place that I can't wait to go back to.  Very delicious food and they have a club you can join to get offers in the mail/e-mail to take away some of the financial sting.
4	First timer. Went here for my anniversary. Loved everything about it. Our waiter told us how everything works. She recommended a delish cocktail that wasn't on the menu. And then we started. We didn't fill up our plates with the salad bar because we wanted to save for the meat. Lobster bisque was so good! I loved the garlic taste in the mash potatoes. I tried the spicy tuna roll, cucumber salad, shrimp salad, potatoes au gratin, smoked salmon. Let's just say I tested everything and it was all so good. All the meats were so juicy and tender. Don't be afraid to tell them how you like the meat prepared. They have it all! We had such a nice anniversary dinner. We were so full, we couldn't even eat dessert. And that never happens! There is something different  about a full stomach of meat though lol   I'm not much of a meat eater, but this is place you definitely have to try once! Pricey, but not as bad as I imagined. I mean common you are getting unlimited meat! For 2, one cocktail, and a military discount, we spent 120 including tip. Sign up for there mailing list, and they send you coupons and discounts.
5	I am hooked on this terrific restaurant!  I went for my wedding anniversary last year, then I had to go for my birthday!  I am planning on going again for my wedding anniversary this Valentine's day!  The service is wonderful!  The food is 5 star!  Worth every penny!  Make sure you go with an empty stomach and stretchy pants!
3	Hate to drop the review, but either I came on a bad night, or the service and cooking quality is going down.Let's start with service...We had a decent sized party (not too big though), and it seemed like we were getting ignored by the meat servers.  We kept getting the same guy bringing the parm chicken and lamb chops, but where are the other meat choices??  I did not get offered filet mignon with bacon the ENTIRE night.I asked the server if they still offered it, which he said they did, and would have it right over.  It took almost 20min for the server to come back and check on me, and they still didn't show up.  Another 10min later, I finally get it.  That's right, almost a half hour...not counting the normal dinner time of not seeing it.Now the meats....Almost everything was undercooked or overcooked.  They would bring over top sirloin for instance, telling me it is medium to medium rare (which is perfect for me), but when they cut it, I get a bloody rare.  I can eat around the edges, but left a lot of the super rare meat on my plate.  Lots of other meats came out well done...most had no pink in the middle at all.The icing on the cake was the fact that we were gonna go try the "other" place...the one that rhymes with "Bogo" LOL, and the friends in charge changed last minute...a big disappointment for sure
5	I have often heard the tales of the Brazilian Steakhouse where delicious meats are brought to your table and carved off of a Skewer onto your plate and now I can confirm these legends are true.We came for lunch today after a few days of business meetings, located off the strip but only about 10 minutes away.  The buliding was large and beautifully decorated. Bright and roomy with lots of natural lighting and dark wood tables.  To begin your meal you can induldge in a wonderful 60 item salad bar which included among other things: cubes of smoked salmon, shrimp, proscuito, sliced parmesan, crunchy bacon and a myriad of other delicious items. Lunch also includes small cheesy bread balls, garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas. Then when you turn your two sided two colored placard over from red to green the feast begins!We were served: flank steak, a house special sirloin, garlic sirloin, fillet, bbq pork ribs, lamb chops, leg of lamb, parmesan chicken, bacom wrapped chicken and possibly some other items that I cant remember :)Most of the meats were flavorful and delicious.  You may have as much as you want and fresh cuts of meat are constantly brought out, basically it is a grand feast!Lunch was about $25 and was a bargain since the same foods are served at dinner for $50.  I highly reccomend trying this delicious entertaining feast.
1	This place is a shadow of its former self. When it first open I was in love. I brought all my friends and a family and was a strong advocator of the great quality of meat and flavor they had to offer.Now the meat tastes like bad vons brand and the only you will taste (and continue to taste long after you leave) is salt. i love salt but i couldn't eat anymore after a while. Not because of how full I was but because my tongue hurt from all the sodium. I really thought this was a fluke because this place was it for me but alas they still suck this hard 3 times later. i guess we have to part ways Texas de Brazil. And it definitely is you not me :(
5	If you've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse, please make this one your first visit. The concept is simple:    1. Before they serve you the main course, you get to enjoy a huge salad bar.    2. Once you're done gorging on the salad bar, you flip your table card from red to green and you are served an endless variety of meats from waiters walking the floor.Every time I go to Texas de Brazil, they consistently have their meats cooked perfectly. I try not to over eat on the salad bar that serves a wide variety of items from Sushi, smoked salmon to your traditional salad items. The last thing I want to do is fill up on veggies and miss out on all the meaty selections. My favorites: filet mignon, flank steak, sirloin and lamb (might as well get my money's worth on the expensive cuts of meat). And of course, they have an excellent variety of desserts. ProTip: Sign up for the newsletter and you receive buy one, get one free on your birthday.
2	Okay...you see the rating.  Here's my review.  Came here to eat last night for one reason...MEAT!!!  With Lent just around the corner, I had only a couple of days before my T-Rex eating days were over for the next 6 weeks.  My date was also excited since there was a 1 1/2 hour wait.  Say What?? She felt that if the wait was that long, the food must be to die for. Well, she was almost right.  I wanted to die after I ate the food. First of all, I've been to just two other Brazilian Steakhouses.  One was in Niagra Falls (can't remember the name because of Mr. Captain Morgan) and the other was Rei De Gado in San Diego.  Both choices were excellent, worth bragging about, and worth the price.  This was my first visit to Texas de Brazil.  I was excited since it's been close to 4 years since my last AYCE meat event.  Not going to describe each item, but I basically got their 2 chicken choices (Parmesan chicken and bacon wrapped chicken breast) and all their red meat selections, including the filet.  I was disappointed because everything was overcooked and salty.  I thought that it may have been the first batch so I got seconds.  Remember, my favorite food is seconds.  Again, dry and salty.  Their Lobster Bisque didn't have pieces of lobster in it. Bisque must mean "Lobster in Spirit" I guess. The meats were so salty, that the salad bar started to look sexy.  And they know it. The Good:-Excellent service:  Pedro is the bestest.  Always asking us how we're doing.  We lied and told him everything was great.  Didn't want to hurt his feelings.  Besides, I was too full of sodium to complain. He still received a good tip because it's not his fault that the food was awful.-Every server was great.  Keep it on green and they are at your table every 3 minutes with food.  Put it on red to put a stop to the madness.  We had it on red most of the night. -The salmon, cheese, and crackers were the highlight.  -Carrot Cake:  Worth the additional $13-The glass of water (Yes, I said glass of water)If I had to rate them just on service alone, they'd get 5 stars easy.  But for $150 for two, salty dry steaks is not my thing.  Where are you Ruth Chris?  I'm coming for you when I'm back in San Diego.  Oops..after Lent that is.
4	The first time I came here I thought this place was EFFFFIN phenomenal!!  Though this is truly a meatlover's paradise, the salad bar itself is enough to knock your socks off.  We got a prime table in the middle of the action.  ALL the meats were absolutely delicious.  We had zero complaints.The second time I came here we were sat in the very back in an almost separate room.  I feel like they sat us back there and then forgot about us.  The sad part was that my boyfriend and I were celebrating our half-year anniversary. LOL.  Anyway, the meats rarely came to our table and we ended up having to ask our server to send some our way.  It also didn't seem to be as delicious as the first time I went.The THIRD time wasn't quite a charm, but it was a vast improvement from the second.  Our table was great and the meats kept coming.  I got to try the fall-off-the-bone ribs that I didn't get to try on my previous visits.  That is my all-time favorite, other than the bacon-wrapped filet. The picanha is also so amazing here...tender, juicy, medium rare.  It's melt in your mouth delicious.I wasn't a fan of the lamb OR the flank steak at all.My favorites include: Parmesan chicken, bacon-wrapped filet, picahnha, ribs, and sausage.  YUM YUM YUM!
5	I love Texas de Brazil! Make sure not to eat all day! The waiters come around with every cut of beef, chicken, pork, turkey but especially beef continuously ! It is all you can eat and at about $50.00 is well worth it. There is also a huge all you can eat salad bar! I highly recommend it!
5	I have eaten at several TdB's and the service and food is always amazing and the the one in LV definitely surpassed my expectations. Although we did have reservations, they over shot our reservations by 20-25 minutes. Order the pitcher of Sangria nad set back and enjoy!!
5	If you like meat this is the place for you. I remember this place from my trips to Aruba. This place has great food, service, and ambiance. Meats are cooked to your satisfaction and the cheese balls are to die for. The salad bar is great as well.Haven't eaten in this place since my last trip to Aruba. I'm glad they decided to open in Vegas.I will be back very soon!
5	I wish they had Texas de Brazil in Los Angeles! This is so far one of my favorite Brazilian AYCE restaurants! + Service: Phenomenal!+ Meat: Perfectly cooked!+ Salad Bar: It has a variety of salads and sides and you can get full just by eating from the salad bar. + Dessert: They have THE BEST papaya cream ever!!!+ Price: It is not cheap; however it is worth it. I'd rather pay a little more and eat food with good quality than pay less and leave the restaurant unsatisfied.
5	I'm in love with this place... It has wonderful food and great ambience. The salad bar is seasonal and each time I go there's something new to try and it's always delicious. Only down side is the space, it's hard to maneuver with all the tables and chairs however everything else does balance that out.  Pricey but well worth it for the all you can eat excellent cuts of meat.  Everyone needs to try this place at least once.
3	I thought the restaurant was beautiful and the staff were nice natives from Brazil, but the salad bar was not impressive. In fact, The taste was salty and quality was ok. Too pricey for what is delivered.. The meats were good I wouldnt go back with my party of 8.
3	So I came here for my birthday becuse this is where I wanted to celebrate it and this is NOT the first time I've been here either. The food continues to be amazing but sadly the day I chose to come must of been a bad day because the service was horrible for such a classy restaurant. I remember when I first came here, I was amazed about the service as well as the food. First off, waiters and managers walked by but not one person came by to offer us more drinks or ask how the food was, I was more shocked when the manager did not come over to our table yet he managed to go to the other two (2) in our section. Secondly, next to our table, was a piece of sausage and once agian, NOBODY picked it up, not the waiters or managers,...WOW!!! that piece of sausage stayed on that floor  throughout our dinner. I would recommend this place just becasue the food is good but if the service does not pick up again, the I would suggest people go to Fogo de Chao located on Flamingo Rd because that place in my opinion has now ranked to # 1 here in Vegas.
4	Never been too Brazilian Steakhouse before so was looking forward too the whole meat on skewers all craved table side or literally in front of you. MEAT more MEAT more MEAT. If ever need of serious overload of protein or just want go straight caveman style they have just about everything think of even Ribs (yes one meat that not on a skewer). I did my best too try little of everything but in this AYCE that tall order. The meats that did stand out was the sirloin it had nice flavor (I got first cuts on fresh skewer so had nice medium rare), chicken pram, and enjoy the sausage. Couple of the meats not really fan of was the short rib just found it too fatty and not very good. The chicken wrapped in bacon was just about dried out piece of meat can imagine. I would think wrapped with bacon keep the moisture in but every bite need liquid just get it down. Yikes! There is more then enough different meats that if not so wow one always another one too try. The salad bar REALLY enjoyed! I loved the clean look of it! Most buffets it can be overcrowded comes too selection and really nice break is things still presented top notch, spacing between see the selection, and clearly see the labels on each dish. I like the caesar dressing. The soups never had room for but little taste of the lobster bisque. Solid. The service was well done. Once got going if button not saw green no worries about lack of meat on ones plate. One things notice thinking run down the skewer too the very end before they start new one. They do excellent job of bringing fresh skewers of meat. All the servers you see with multiple servers since so much meat too dish out. All really great and makes the whole gimmick or little show that much more enjoyable.  The management very much present checking up making sure everything going well. I think the interior had wow factor that never tell from the outside of the building. I enjoyed the huge flower arrangement on top the salad bar. The whole interior decor is upscale vibe. The price is upscale for SURE. I think crazy too pay $40 something dollars for lunch! It different type of experience something think everyone should try least once in life!
2	We have been so many times and always had such great service and food. This time we were disappointed.  We could not understand a word she said. She hardly came by to see if our friends needed refills.  Even the goucho's hardly stopped, even though all of our cards were green. We had asked to be moved because they sat us right by one of the places they keep water and supplies.  They constantly were squeezing by us. As soon as they moved us it all went down hill. Our bill was almost $400.00 and although the food, what we did get of it, was good, our overall experience was not very good. Very disappointed as we have always had such great service before. Kinda sucked cause we had a newbie with us and it did not have that wow effect.
1	I cannot stand this place. Servers were rude and the food was not very good. I got better service at fast food. don't do it4!
4	I enjoyed this place significantly more than the Brazilian AYCE establishments in the SF Bay Area. Although the location is not ideal in terms of proximity to the hotels and "center" of LV  the service and food was top notch. We had a large party and they took care of us well. All the meats , sides, salads and Lobster Bisque were outstanding.
1	FOOD POISONING. Salad bar. Husband and I both within six hours of eating here, sick for 72 hours, missed work, N e v e r   A g a i n.
2	Terrible service! I'll stay with Via Brasil where the service is amazing and so is the food.
1	Sorry to say, but I did not like it at all here. The hubby and I came here for dinner on a weekday.  Even though we got there when they just opened and there were plenty of open tables, the hostess gave us one of the light devices and told us to wait till they had a table ready.  Needless to say, we had to wait about 20 minutes (mind you: they still had all those empty tables). Anyway, when we were seated we ordered our drinks and went to the salad bar- not that many options.  The sides that came to the table were ok, except for the plantains.  Those where probably the best part of the entire meal.  The meats were all too salty for us and even our drinks were not that good.  Long story short, not coming here again.
4	This is my third try at a Brazilian experience and my first thoughts drifted to where Texas fits into the rank of Fogo de Chao (many locations) and Churrascaria Plataforma (New York). I would say Fogo and Texas are tied for first place experiences for different reasons...Fogo seems to have a better salad bar experience whereas Texas seems to do better with their meat selection. For service Texas wins out easily. The waiter that took care of us was very attentive which worked well for us as the location of our seats seemed to be on the end round for the carvers. Thus, it was somewhat quiet waiting for carvers to walk by but when we asked for something specific they were there instantly.The bottom line is if you love Fogo de Chao take a break and give Texas de Brazil a try. I cannot place one above the other but it sure is enjoyable to try.
5	Awesome. Only word to describe. Expensive? Yes. Worth it? Totally. But dlnt bring your girlfriend unless she happens to be a wrestler or a weightlifter because you will not get your moneys worth!
5	Awesome come hungry leave fat :)
5	I'll keep it short and simple. This place was pretty darn delicious. I can't afford to eat here every week otherwise I would. The garlic ribeye was my favorite meat that came around. All of them were pretty delicious though. All the meats came around constantly so I had no problems getting my favorite cuts again. Sometimes I wouldn't pay attention and when I looked down my plate was piled up like a mountain. Service was great too. They tried to up sell me on drinks at the start but I stuck to my guns and just ordered water. (I'm cheap)
5	Best advice to give you before you come eat here? Come HUNGRY. This all you can eat Brazilian Steakhouse is an amazing treat. It isn't cheap either, so make sure you have an empty stomach so you can be able to happily indulge in all the food they have to offer you.Before all the fun begins you can spend a little time at their salad bar complete with over 50 items. It is probably one of the best salad bars in town. Then the fun begins when all the servers come out with various meats - chicken, lamb, pork, sausage...you name it. All cooked to perfection. It is a meat lover's dream to eat here. You are given unlimited servings as long as your little card they give you in the beginning is turned over to the green side. They also have a great selection of desserts available a la carte. Everyone should definitely try this place out, it is well worth it!
4	I go here ALOT......It ain't cheap, so I usually get some type of discount deal or go for lunch. Love the salad bar, great (but very salty) choices. Best salad bar in any Brazilian place I tried...Garlic sirloin kicks ass, as does the filet mignon. Beef ribs are great too....Can't go wrong here for food quality, but keep in mind EVERYTHING is loaded with salt. If your drinking and having desert the tab gets up there pretty quick too.Worth the trip if you never had it.
4	I love this place! I just wish it was so darn expensive! I have eaten here at least 6 times since moving to Las Vegas. I typically try to save my visit for lunch, a discount deal, or the wonderful complimentary birthday dinner when you are accompanied with a paying guest.The staff here are always friendly and professional. Makes the experience all the much better when visiting. Note when you leave the table they are quick to redo the napkins. Drinks never go half full. They are very attentive.My favorite cuts of meat are the lamb, steak, and chicken parm.The salad bar is quite large but I've seen larger. Let's be honest though....who visits a Brazillian Steakhouse for the salads?? NOT ME!!
4	When is California going to have one!  I've been to the Las Vegas and Orlando restaurants and has never disappointed.  Where else can you get all you can eat Filet Mignon?  The service is excellent.  The meats just keep coming and coming.  If you have your own favorites, let the waiter now and he'll make sure you get plenty of your favorites!
4	Great meat! I just wish it was a more intimate affair with the servers. Other than that. Good food!
4	One word. Unbelievable.
3	A bit disappointed for the price we paid. For the four of us, it cost over $200. The salad bar was okay and the meat was sub par. Although the service was impeccable, was expecting a little more food quality wise.
3	Everything was great, with the exception of the blonde hostess at the front. When I asked about my table she said it was going to be a couple minutes. 30 minutes goes by and I ask again. She gets upset by grabbing the pager from me and slams it in the charger. Then I ate which made up for the bad hostess  Really rude blonde hostess. She needs to be fired!!!! She just made the place look bad.
1	Not my favorite.  I didn't like the style of bringing the meat to the table.
5	Texas de BrazilThere seems to be no shortage of restaurants, and this is never more evident than when you are in Las Vegas. With thousands of restaurants on Las Vegas Boulevard, it can be difficult to find the few great ones.  Many things make up a great restaurant, but let's focus on variety of food, atmosphere, and location. In Las Vegas I feel that one restaurant distinguishes itself in all of these areas, Texas de Brazil. Texas De Brazil is a Brazilian style steakhouse. The last thing I expected to see in a steakhouse is a salad bar with over 50 items, but it is so enticing that you will contemplate spending your whole evening there. As Chris U. from Henderson says, "The salad bar is huge and full of unique and delicious things.  Everything from Salmon chunks, huge variety of vegetables, bacon, soups, cheeses...and that only about 1/2 of it.  Very unique and good salad bar - I know people who go here just for it."1 The best part is you can, if you want, go just to try the amazing Lobster Bisque (it is one of my personal favorite salad bar items); however, why on earth would you? Passadores continually roam the restaurant carrying various types of meat on skewers.  Turn your card to green and you will be visited by Passadores delivering bacon wrapped filet mignon, lamb chops, pork loin roast, chicken, and the list continues.  They serve over 14 types of meats, and will keep coming around to your table for your enjoyment and dining pleasure.  It is all but irresistible. Be sure to try the bacon wrapped filet, a very tender cut served with a warm red center and a strip of crispy bacon on the outside; it melts in your mouth.  I have always found the meat to be tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned.The number one complaint I have about Vegas restaurants is feeling like cattle being herded though the feeding barn.  Often the waiter rushes over to give you your check, and then checks back with you every three minutes to see if you are ready to pay so they can get a new table. Even worse is when you seem to be forgotten, and you have to wonder if your server is still in the building. I have never felt more at home than when I dine at Texas de Brazil. The staff greets you with a smile and a sense of glee when they get to explain how the Brazilian style steakhouse system works. They are attentive without being pushy; they anticipate what you may need before you ask for it. I can sit and catch up with old friends for hours and never feel like I am being an inconvenience. Individual service combined with the "come-as-you-are" atmosphere make for a great dinner. You can be in shorts after a long walk down the strip or dressed to the nines before a show, no matter what you will be treated with the same individualized care. Nikki Neu from Vegas.com says it best, "Relax. You're in good hands. The Texas de Brazil experience is meant to be a fun one!"2All this fun and cheer is great, but if you can't get to the restaurant it is worthless. I know great places to eat on the strip, but after thinking about having to drive down the strip to get there, then park on the 6th floor, make my way through the smoke filled casino to finally wait 20 minutes for a table, that's exhausting. So now you are dreading part of the evening even though you haven't left the house. With Texas de Brazil being centrally located in Town Square, it is easy to get there from anywhere. A stand-alone building with its own parking lot on Las Vegas Boulevard is rare, so it is worth taking advantage of. Some places have great food with poor service; some have great locations with less than stellar food. In a city full of places to eat and experiences to be had, don't overlook the all-inclusive, the grand, the fun, the best, Texas de Brazil.
5	I'm in Vegas and I want to pig out on meat till I burst. The place to go is Texas de brazil! With a vast selection of meats brought to your table by the Gauchos, I am in meat heaven! The selection of meats is so mind blowing. The slow cooked meats are mouth watering and keep you wanting more. It's a good thing because they keep giving you more till you can't no more! A fun place with beautiful decor and great service. A must go if you are in Vegas
5	I've been to a number of Brazilian steak houses throughout the US and this is one of my favorites.  The food is consistently good although we've had the occasional rude server.If dining at night, I suggest you make a reservation.
5	I would skip breakfast and lunch before coming here...and wear loose clothing.With green/red colored discs you have the power to command gauchos with swords of meat to circle your table as they tempt you with different meats...from sausage, to pork, to chicken, to filet oh my! You can also request meats to your specific temperature liking. You come to eat MEAT but the salad bar is irresistible with items such as lobster bisque, asparagus, prosciutto, and the big wheel of imported parmesan cheese that makes you feel like a mouse that's died and gone to cheese heaven...the salad bar is a cruel distraction to the main meat event but worth at least one trip. I make sure to have enough chimichurri for my meat so I don't make multiple trips. This is an insane meatfest but the warm Brazilian cheese bread served at your table is too wonderful to resist...light and chewy balls that I could easily pop all night. Let's face it, you leave your diet and calorie counter at the door when you eat here. The bananas are also a nice treat. Service is always fantastic and be sure to mention if celebrating a special occasion and they will bring out a dessert for the birthday person. Had a papaya something that was very good and different from anything I've had before. Turn your disc over to red once you've had your fill and the gauchos leave you alone.A wonderful dining experience.
3	This is a beautiful restaurant, but the service and food were on an okay level.  I was here with a party of 8, on a semi busy night.  We were sat on time, which is always nice.  The service was alright, kept having to ask for refills and side dishes.  And there are times where we wouldn't even see a meat server for 5+ minutes at a time.  I would understand if the place was slammed, but it definitely wasn't that busy. The food was ok, majority of the meats tasted TOO salty.  My two favorite meats that night were the bacon wrapped filet mignon and the lamb chops.
5	Best all you can eat steakhouse! Our server the night we went (Max) was so attentive and sweet. Can't wait to go back when I visit Vegas again. Definitely recommending to all friends and family.
5	This place is amazing. It's not only set up in a really creative and cool way, but the food is delicious and the people that work there are nice. I went there a few weeks ago with my roomates and it was just a great experience and i've been recommending it ever since. Can't wait to go back!
1	food is great, no doubt about this.  after listening to my son's story, now, i have the biggest complain i have to vent out via yelp.  the manager here by the name, favio (spelling?) and the waiter/waitress took advantage of about 30+ senior students from shadow ridge high school.  i believe these seniors made their reservation a week or 2 prior to their prom dinner get-together and these senior students have told the tdb reservation desk person that some participants will only do the salad bar,  they were confirmed that this was okay.on april 27, 2013, around 5:30 p.m., the actual day of the reservation date, these kids showed up at this location and they asked again the staff at texas de brazil to confirm:  "some will only do the salad bar."  to their surprise, the waiter/waitress and the manager turned around what these kids were originally confirmed from the day of reservation.  they were forced to purchase the full buffet price for $130.66 per couple (including tax and 20% gratuity).  the waiter and the manager, favio, took advantage of these poor teenagers because they have no older person with them to defend themselves.some guests who just wanted the salad bar were forced to pay for the full buffet price that they did not even eat...some are vegetarians that simply do not eat meat at all  and some just simply can't afford to pay the full-price... they joined just to be with each other for their last day get-together.  this is supposed to be an special and happy occassion for them, but it turned out to be a nightmare!  instead of enjoying their food,  it turned out to be a horrible experience!  i told my son, they should have left that place at once!  poor kids did not know what to do...they all thought, they were stucked and left no choice but to stay.  besides, it will be a last minute thing to go somewhere else for 30+ guests.  i was soooo furious!...and this is why i am writing this review.how can such people take advantage of these poor kids and just got robbed blind?!  parents:  beware of this kind of people that works at texas de brazil near town square, you should warn your kids not to eat at this place!  they are cheaters and liars!  i will never ever come back and my family at this location to eat and i will tell all my friends about how horrible experience to dine at this place of texas de brazil!!!
5	Incredible meat! Definitely go hungry. The various cuts of beef had an excellent, flavorful crust that was delicious. The bacon-wrapped chicken was great--tender chicken and perfectly cooked bacon. The au gratin potatoes and cheese rolls were also delish. Will definitely be going back!
5	Best salad bar in the Valley, best meat in the business. Worth it, no complaints. Take a girl, they will be impressed. Right? Last thought, the bathroom door will confuse you. The stall door inside the bathroom will impress you and when you use the bathroom the next day, it will depress you. Lemme make sure that you understand, the food is awesome, I just ate so much meat that my digestive system had a hard time processing it.....too much info? No, you have to be honest about all aspects of these reviews. Nice Chaps.
5	Hands down, best Brazilian steakhouse. LOVE this place.
3	I went here last year when I went to Vegas for business.  They have a nice bar and the place is nicely decorated.  Since this place is a steakhouse you would think the best part is the meat right?  Wrong.  I found the meat to be overcooked and a little too salty.  It was still edible and tasty but for almost $50 a person it wasn't worth it.  The salad bar was killer.  Calling it a salad bar is a little misleading since they had soup, salad, sushi rolls, salmon, and much more.  I found the salad bar to be better than the meats.  The bananas to wash your palette were tasty.  In the end is it worth $47-$50 not including dessert?  Not really, but it was a fun ayce experience none the lessI did get a piece of the turtle cheesecake, it was nicely decorated but it looked like it was make days ago and it was way too sweet This weekend I am going to one in NY so I will see if it is any better here
4	There are two ways to look at this.  The food and dining experience was fantastic.  I loved the salad bar, the meats, the rolls with butter cooked into them, the servers were polite and on top of their game and just the overall dining experience was something unlike most anything else I am used to.  That being said, I still cannot understand why it cost me and my wife over $100 to eat there.  Total tab came to $120 which was only for 2 dinners, 1 coke, and a water and included tip.  I understand that the variety of meats you can get is unlike other places, and that it's all you can eat, but for me that's not worth the price.  I am NOT a huge guy, fairly skinny actually at 6'2" and 160lbs.  So I can usually eat a steak, some mashed potatoes, and veggies and I am full anywhere else for about $20.  So I don't really benefit from spending $60 per person on basically the same meals just a more variety of meats rather than 1 larger portion of 1 meat.  I am torn between 3 and 4 stars, but went with 4 because everything else was fantastic.  Unfortunately I don't plan on going back unless for the lunch price which is substantially cheaper for the same thing simply because I cannot afford to spend $100 on meals very often.
5	We went to Texas de Brazil for Friday night dinner during our recent visit to Las Vegas and it was an awesome experience! The salad bar- if you can call it that- it's really more of a buffet- was stocked with exceptional cheeses, soups, veggies, sushi, etc. I could have eaten a full meal just from the salad bar- but then comes the meat! We ate far more than we should have- but everything was awesome! We enjoyed roasted lamb, filet mignon, sirloin steak, chicken (wrapped in bacon!), flank steak, ribs, etc. The side items were also very good! Service was impeccable as was the appearance of the restaurant. A great experience- but come very hungry!
4	Ate here on 5/18/13 with 5 others for a birthday. Gotta say, food was really good. My favorite was the flank steak. So juicy and cooked perfectly. Mushrooms were also tasty. Chicken was just ok. To be honest, when you come to places like these, skip the chicken and only order steak. Pay for what you get. You can order chicken anytime, anywhere. That's just me. The Sangria was probably the best I have tasted.Service was top notch.Overall: B+
5	The most wonderful/beautiful delicious etc...I make sure to go there on each of my Las Vegas visits.... YUM!
4	I've eaten at two Brazilian steakhouses on the strip and was terribly disappointed; I was skeptical of Texas de Brazil, but after so many praises our friend finally convinced us to give this churrascaria a try. I'm not often a fan of chains, but Texas de Brazil won us over.The salad bar is a meal in itself. I love the Italian meats and cheeses. The couscous was excellent and a nice palatte cleanser. The asparagus provides a healthy dose of greens. Everything looked fresh and appetizing. I'll have to sample more items next visit.At the table, the sides of mashed potatoes, fried bananas and cheesy bread bites are tasty as well. They help dull the saltiness once the meat parade begins.We wasted no time and let the feast get underway. Since it was our first visit we sampled a bite of every offering. Once we found our favorites; we stuffed ourselves silly on lamb chops, leg of lamb, parmesan crusted pork loin and medium rare filet. All were the perfect temperature, well seasoned and tender. If only I could travel with a second stomach! Instead, we had to call it quits before the meat sweats left us comatose. We are such gluttons, we chose the chocolate layer and carrot cake for dessert. Both were large portions easily shared; moist and delicious, but the chocolate layer cake was the better dessert. The dark chocolate layer is so decadent and it's the perfectly sweet end to the meatacular evening.Dress in your fat pants and bask in gloriousness of being a carnivore.
5	Yes, that's right, 5 stars.  As good as it gets, worth every penney, good thing i don't live there because i'd go every week.  Never been bombarded with so many meat choices in my life.  Every 30 second you'll have servers coming around with Meats on a scewer fresh off the grill.  Everything is so tender and fresh you'll over eat for sure.  The salad bar offers a lot of incredible unique flavors, even the bread wich i never usually eat because of my GF family, but it was so tasty, the deserts were great too.  Di i mention the meat?  OMG mouth watering filets, ribs, sausages, rack of lamb, prime rib, steak flanks, etc, etc...  I suggest sampling first with small pieces and sharing, find out what you really like.   You'll need some red wine!--RibChamp
4	4.5 stars!Thank you TdB for sending those coupons for your birthday. I certainly did take advantage of this, but I must admit I was afraid our server wasn't going to treat us as well just because only 1 of us was a paying customer.  Contrary to belief I was wrong because our server was absolutely great. I think the table to server ratio is rather small because she was rather attentive to the point she looked bored sometimes because she wasn't doing anything. She kept our table clean and would offer to grab us new plates when needed. She asked a number of times if there was a certain meat we wanted. And soon enough there was a gaucho to serve us our request. On to the food, we all know there are two major competitors for Brazilian Steak houses in town and I must say I believe the meat here taste way better. The quality was absolutely superb. I enjoyed the array of meats because it was tasty and moist. My favorites were the picanha of course and the RIB (beef), I honestly thought it was going to be like BBQ ribs, but the cut was prime rib and boy was that good. Even the bacon wrapped chicken was good. Cannot wait to come back here for another special occasion. Highly recommend!
5	If I could give more than 5 stars I would.  Texas de Brazil serves heaven on a plate!  If you haven't been to a Brazilian Steakhouse, it's a never ending delivery of meat on swords.   We have been to other Brazilian Steakhouses such as Samba at the Mirage.  But they do not compare to this one at Town Square.Now I try to be a healthier eater with little bits of 'treats' mixed in.  They have a great salad bar that also comes with the meats.  On the salad bar, I found everything to be delicious and delectable.  There, of course, is green salads. What is a salad bar without actually having salads.  BUT WAIT!  You could possibly eat on the salad bar alone with the smoked salmon, spicy shrimp salad, variety of cheeses, cous cous, mushrooms, grilled peppers, LOBSTER BISQUE and more.  Now I put Lobster Bisque in all caps because it made so creamy and full of flavor! I couldn't get enough!My husband completely skipped the salad bar and had all meats.  (Midwest Boy!).  They brought Chicken sprinkled with parmesan,lamb,  filet, filet wrapped in bacon, pork ribs, beef ribs, flank steak, sirloin steak and much more than I just can't remember.  All I know is that it was so good!  The beef ribs especially were my favorite.  The meat was so tender and it melted like butter in your mouth.  If that wasn't enough food for you, they also bring rolls and a side of mashed potatoes for the table.  They also offer some really yummy looking desserts but who has room after all of that food?!  If this review doesn't make you hungry for it, then my review has failed. Just writing about it makes me want to go back again.  If you are in the mood for alot of great food, this should be the place on top of your list! Will I be back again?  You better believe it!
5	Oh my god the food is extremely good, the salad bar is one of the healthiest salad and greens u ever going to have in buffet, even though  its a $$ place, still  they charge you the soft drink......... which Is odd,
5	Wonderful steaks with salad bar thats fresh ;) theres so much to choose from.
5	Awesome experience!  Went there to celebrate a birthday and I couldn't have picked a better place.  Food was great, service was even better.  Pedro came by often and took care of our every need.  Somewhat pricey but no more that what you'd pay at a better steakhouse.  But at TdB you can eat as much as you want and can have a variety of meats.  Can't beat it.
5	Its a different experience with good food. Bring your appetite cause the food never stops. I will definitely be going back again!
5	Definitely something to experience for sure...  It's is about $50/pp for dinner, but they have everything you could think of.  It is Brazilian style, so there are guys that come around with every kind of meat you can think of on a stick and carves it at your table.  It is kind of like an upscale buffet of sorts.  Everything from bacon wrapped filet, bacon wrapped chicken, garlic flank steak, parm chicken, Brazilian sausage, beef and pork ribs, leg of lamb, lamb chops...  You name it. At the end of our meal, our serve asked if we wanted anything special that they did not bring around.   You are definitely on meat overload by the time you leave.  You definitely don't want to plan anything afterwards because you will be full.  The service is amazing.  The have a fancy salad bar that was rockin'..  Super cool, but once a year will be great for me!  I would definitely encourage you to try it...If you are going to try it, MAKE RESERVATIONS!!
4	There are so many reviews about TBD. And I can say its wonderful. Simply delightful- a magical place full of meat, all kinds of meat- beef, lamb, chicken, pork- seasoned and grilled, wrapped in bacon..... for dinner this feast will run you $46.99, and its worth every penny. the salad bar is spectacular- sometimes for lunch i go just for the salad bar. A lovely assortment of fresh and grilled veggies, cheeses, salami, OMG THE POTATO SALAD- BEST POTATO SALAD EVER. The sauteed mushrooms, lobster bisque, scalloped potatoes- need i say more? go try eat. be marry.and ask for extra plantains- I promise you two is not enough. ENJOY.
5	I will start with the wonderful smells outside the restaurant. The wonderful aromas will make your mouth water. Everything I tried was Simply delicious. Filet mignon was perfect and that is coming from a non- meat lover. Took my husband here for birthday dinner. He love it. He is definitely a meat lover. Everything was cooked to perfection (tender melt in your mouth perfection). Definitely will return.
5	What can I say. Absolutely fantastic Brazillian steakhouse. The food is perfect every time and you will never run out. Definitely ask for anything in particular you want, they'll bring it quick!
4	This all you can eat meat buffet was nice.  For the money, I would rather go somewhere that I don't have to get up and go to the salad bar.  The salad bar was great too.  I'm not trying to knock this place at all.  I would just prefer a place like Gallagher's if I am going to spend that much money for steak.
1	I am not going to discuss the food.  Enough other people can do that.  I am very unhappy about my bill.  My total bill was $89.  I left a generous 20% tip, which included the "real" price before my coupon.  What my credit card was charged was $224.  It took two and a half days to clear through my bank account for what I authorized, which was $113.  This practice is completely unacceptable and unethical.  Credit card users beware.
5	Recently dined at the much talked about Texas de Brazil and I must say I am impressed. The place itself is nicely decorated and not to mention they have a kick ass salad bar, dude the salad bar had lobster soup, salmon, goat cheese and other cheeses I've never had before. Keep in mind this is a steakhouse. OMG and their desserts are to die for, we had the cheesecake and vanilla creme brulee mmmm mmmm mmmm  yummy! Now let's talk about why people really come here. The food was amazing! I can't get over how tasty the cuts of meat were. All the meat were so tender and juicy, yeah you might get a piece of meat that is a bit salty but trust me it wasn't bad at all. Service overall was great very attentive and always anticipating our needs. It's a different experience with great food. So bring your appetite cause the food never stops. I will definitely be going back again!
1	False advertising!  I got a birthday coupon for a BOGO meal.  The first line says "We want to help you celebrate your birthday." Since I'm not rich enough to pay $50 per person for one meal, this is a "special occasion" type of place.  We decided to use the coupon for my birthday.  A few nights before my birthday, I noticed the coupon said "not valid on Saturdays."  My birthday falls on a Saturday.  We already had other plans ON my birthday.  We called to see if they would honor the coupon ON my actual birthday, since it was my birthday and not just a random Saturday.  The manager said the coupon is just to bring people in during the week and that they don't care about the birthday.Good to know.  I'll care about your business as much as you care about my birthday
5	We had a wonderful evening. Made reservations and arrived early by almost 30 minutes and they gave us a choice if we wanted to wait at the bar or if we wanted to be seated immediately.  We chose the later, with people in the lobby already waiting. Boy did I feel special.We decided to order a pitcher of sangria for the two of us.  Then we proceeded to the salad bar and filled our plates.  Tonights soup was lobster bisque, and was it ever so wonderful. I also filled my plate with cheeses, several vegetables not wanting to fill myself to much before I decided to start with the meats.Then the meats started piling up on my plate.  The garlic sirloin and the pork roast stood out the most for me.  But they also had bacon wrapped chicken,  beef ribs (don't laugh they where amazing), pork ribs (which where tough), filet, leg of lamb, lamb chops, and probably a couple that I just don't remember.We had a great time and the service is wonderful.  It is not someplace that most of us would go very often but when Im in Vegas and need a treat I will be back.  Bethany Thank you for your review. It made us change our mind.
4	This was not our first visit to TdB. In the past, their food has been to die for, but for some reason- this time it was just OKAY. This is a great place to go on a date or with a group of adults. We've gone with our two children and they don't eat much there, except for some of the meat. Their "buffet" dishes include smoked salmon, olives, etc.- none of which are kid friendly. I'm not asking for a typical Vegas buffet, but a few more options would be nice. Will we go back? Probably, but not as a first (or second) option.
4	First time there with my Mother and her Fiancee, it was a great experience, except for two problems:The Fiancee grabbed some shrimp from the salad bar, but they were bad tasting and bad smelling.Mother said the skirt steak was insanely over salted.
3	The food was pretty good. It's a pretty cramped space, but it's worth it for the experience. The manager made gluten free cheese bread for me since I was concerned about cross contamination of the bread on salad bar since it was next to egg rolls and I get really sick with the slightest cross contamination. We might go back again, but not for full price, we would wait for a deal to come up.
4	This place has great food and service.  It tends to be very busy and it is important to get a reservation if you can.  The salad bar is awesome BUT don't fill up on it as you will not want to miss out on the meats.  The only issue I have with Texas de Brazil is that it cost about $46/person.  But if you compare it to a top-end steak house and you order soup, salad and steak it is pretty comparable.
3	The service was very good.  They feed you until you can't eat anymore.  The food was just OK though not great.  The banana pie for desert is a 12 out of 10.  It was awesome.  the creme Brule was horrible.
5	Craving for meat? This is the place to be. Actually before even the meats get served I'm already full. Their salad bar got so much selections u will go crazy! The lobster bisque soup is to die for. The cheese bread is oh so yummy. The servers are good and they know what they're doing. They give u some sweet plantain bananas. Ask for condensed milk with it. It's so much better. It is always packed and the wait is long so make sure to make a reservation especially on Fridays and Saturdays. It's worth every penny. And the desserts are good so make sure to leave some space for that!
5	All the meat they brought to the table was supurb.  From lamb to beef and bacon wrapped chicken...all luscious.Staff was quite attentive even though a sea of tables were filled...very busy.Typical decor and atmosphere of a stylish restaurant.Great combo of sit-down and buffet service.Nothing I can say to knock this place.P.S. Even the gal who answered the phone during dinner hour was polite and attentive.
5	I have been to restaurants similar to this in the past, but was never a fan. This restaurant was different and I would definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas. The food, service and ambience was outstanding. The salad bar was incredible with all kinds of interesting and different items. All the wonderful and never ending meats brought out were outstanding!  Lamb chops, chicken, garlic sirloin, leg of lamb, beef ribs and more!  If you save room for desert you won't be disappointed either. Unfortunately, I couldn't eat another thing, but everyone else's deserts tasted as good as they looked I was told.   Great dinner and time was had by all.  If you are looking for a lot of great food and a different dining experience definitely try Texas de Brazil even if you have been to other restaurants like this and didn't particularly care for.
5	"Unbelievable. Don't fill up on salad bar stuff, even though it's amazingly good. Save room for the meats, the filet mignon is the best we've ever had and the bacon on the buffet is incredible. This place is pricey, not a day to day place, but for a special meal it's PERFECT, a real DINING EXPERIENCE"...  We LOVED it and will make it a regular place whenever we go to Vegas.
1	Decent food, but nothing to rave about. The worst thing about this place is you can't enjoy the food you eat because its so damn COLD! I get that it's summertime in Vegas but come on! It was unbearable!! The food is not worth the bad experience.
5	The salad bar is absolutely amazing.  For a light lunch, it's 20 dollars, and worth every penny!
5	If i had to choose my last meal I think Texas de Brazil would be where i would chose to dine. The food here is amazing and the customer service is also great. I came here to celebrate my birthday and it was fantastic.
5	While in Vegas, my boyfriend and I wanted to eat somewhere pricey because it's all about the wonderful food there! We decided last minute to go to Texas de Brazil and let me say it was worth every penny!!!! Compared to the rodizio here in Seattle, this one blows it out of the water. They had so many different types of meat and their little salad bar is huge! I always have a caipirinha and here it was on point! Next time we visit Las Vegas, we will probably make a trip here again.
4	I am sure it gets better... And when it does, I will let you know. UNTIL THEN this place was Fantastic. Awesome service, Portuguese speaking staff, food was fantastic and a classy environment. We got there just as they were closing . With a few tables left they seated us and never rushed us. Food assortment of meat was excellent and cooked to your desire. salad bar was fresh and well stocked. A fantastic dinner in Vegas, thank you !
2	If you are a carnivore,  this is the place.  lots of meat!  It's like meat heaven.  Fillet mignon and lamb chop were highly recommended.  Prices were outrageous.  $46.99 for adult. Half price for a seven year old. Full price for an eight year old. $5 kid charge for my one and a half old boy.  Hello??? he didn't even drink your water!!!  18% service charge on top for a table of six.  Dessert and drinks were all extra.  Salad bar was not impressive.  Some dishes were salty, others were blend.   Average food at ceiling prices.  Below my expectations. Not going back again.  Have the feeling of my wallet being butchered at the table...........
5	This place is amazing! I came here with my boyfriend and a couple other friends and it was really fun. The whole atmosphere and experience is fun and different. All the meat was great and it was fun to see what would be brought by next. The service was really good and we had a great time.
5	If you like meat, this is the restaurant to go to. This Brazilian style meat buffet is as good as it gets. With great decor and and upscale, yet casual ambiance, this restaurant hits the mark in so many ways. To start, their salad bar teases your palate with so many different flavors. These are not just veggies thrown out there. This salad spread is meant to compliment the meats you are about to partake. Once your salad is on plate and you are back at your table, you are immediately swarmed by waiters carrying meat on skewers. You simply need to say yes to sample each meat. Everything from beef ribs, to sirloin and tenderloin made to perfection. They also have a variety of lamb and chicken servings. But make sure you save room for dessert. You will not be disappointed with their selection of flan, cheesecake, carrot cake, key lime pie, and my personal favorite, Bananas Foster. Order it with a banana creme liquer on the side to drizzle over it...oh so good!Our waiter, Joshua was on top of everything as was very patient, especially when assisting us with selecting a nice bottle of wine. We spent over 3 decadent hours enjoying our food and drink. Well done, Texas de Brazil. Well done.
5	This place is huge! I was skeptical at first but the experience was awesome! The huge salad bar was just so nice and fresh. The cucumbers, roasted peppers, thin slices of ham and salami were killer! Than we get to our table and the ice teas we ordered were perfectly made. Came to our table in a fancy bottle and the server pours it into a fancy glass for you. The meats were good, very juicy. We were a big fan of the filet migion, parmesian chicken, thin special steak slices and the best part were their fried bananas! Oh its like no other!!!! I'd pay to come and eat the fried bananas alone! Then our dessert, my boyfriend got the brazilian cheesecake and i got the chocolate mousse cream layered cake. I feel his was too sweet but he loved it. Mines was delicious! Devin was our server and he was definately on point. A manager even stopped by to check on us. Decor is dim and casual romantic. Everyone dresses so nicely! Great food great service. Thanks Texas DE Brazil!!!!! Will be back for sure! =D
4	Good food! If you like meat, this is a great place to go! So delicious, well seasoned! The salad bar has a wide variety of things! So much to choose from and staff is always knowledgable and friendly. Definitely go hungry though, for the price you want to make sure you get your moneys worth. Just for two, not dessert you'll be looking at over 100. But it's definitely worth it!
5	First times to this venue. Loved every bit of it. Hubby is a huge carnivore, so he was a seriously happy diner. I loved all the selection. You will make multiple visits to this restaurant before you can try everything. My favorite was the filet. Hubby's was the sirloin. Deserts were fab! I can't wait till the offer the VIP card. This is a place we will certainly go again and again!
5	I've always been a fan of this palce. I just found out about the back dining room. Much quieter and intimate. I will request that next time. I just tried the Sangria, AMAZING.
5	Great experience. We made a last-minute reservation, Which was easily accommodated with no problem. When we arrived, We were quickly sat and ordered our drinks.This place is a carnivorous dream!! Once you're sat, the servers explain how everything works. Everyone at the table gets a double sided coin, one side green and the other red. As long as the green side is facing up, the endless parade of steaks, sausage, roasts and ribs will keep coming! Our server was very nice and asked what our favorites were, so they would be presented first.They also have a huge unlimited buffet that includes charcuterie, various cheeses, beans, dressings, sushi, about every type of bread, lobster bisque (which was amazing) and many hot sides. Even though we arrived closed to their closing time we were not rushed out. I even got a complementary dessert!Total win! We will be back!
5	A friend suggested trying Texas de Brazil instead of Fogo de Chao.  Same type of food.  Steak, steak and did I mention steak?  Awesome flavor.  Wasn't too impressed with the bacon wrapped chicken but all the steak choices were good.  The beef ribs were tender.  The house special was full of flavor.  I would recommend going here.
5	I definitely am never disappointed here! They allow you to take from the salad bar which is full of amazing food, cheeses, meats, and the lobster bisque is definitely a favorite.They come around with different kinds of meat and you can say no, don't be afraid! My favorite cuts are the sirloin, leg of  lamb, lamb chops, and flank steak. Everyone should go there at least once a year!
4	My dad took My Boyfriend and i to come eat here , it was delicious .. Im a meat lover . Mouth watering meats. One of the servers with the lamb had a snotty attitude , which we didn't like at all. he noticed and changed his attitude immediately .
4	Trendy decor, energetic atmosphere, great service, phenomenal fried plantains as salad bar but the meat is slightly on the salty side. Still one of our favorites because of the salad bar and fried plantains.
5	Pure carnage! Meat, meat and more delicious juicy meat.. Not to mention the ambience is uber modern and chic.. We love having our family dinners here to get our red meat fix -- preferably over your run of the mill steakhouses.. 1.) you get a huge variety of cuts and succulent meats - cooked to perfection, 2.) the salads are traditionally top quality dishes native to Latin America and anti pastas, cheeses and soups alone are worth the visit, 3.) the sides dishes included with every table compliment the salads and meat beautifully.  It is a little pricey at about $40 a person, but worth every penny -- our servers have always been outstanding and made our experiences even more worthwhile..
5	Amazing amazing meal.  I've dined in some of the highest rated restaurants in California and this meal is one of my favorites ever!  Every bite was superb from the sides to the grilled meats.  My favorite was the beef ribs,  melted in my mouth.    Super yum!!  Claudio our server was wonderful and attentive.  Can't wait to  visit Vegas again to dine at Texas de Brazil!
5	Unbelievable! This place was amazing! I went last night for the first time. Cheryl, our server, was top notch. The Gauchos were all so handsome! But the food - I have no idea how to even describe it! They have the most amazing salad bar I've ever seen! The soup - lobster bisque (which made me think of the yadda yadda episode of Seinfeld) was amazing! And the meat! Seriously a carnivore's dream come true! More than once, I asked for medium rare rather than the medium I was being offered, and before I could even finish the meat I already had on my plate, the medium rare of the next cut was at my table! I think my favorite was the bacon wrapped filet mignon, but everything I tasted was simply amazing! I signed up to be on the email list because no doubt in my mind, I'll be back! Again and again!
2	You are insane to pay these prices for ca wine Pompous and self absorbedEscape with your credit cardNever made past the bartender He ignored us successfully for 20 mins
5	Good: All meats, all food, salad bar, service, and taste! Best meats you will ever eat.  All the meats are flavored and seasoned to perfection!  The cheese bread is to die for and all the items in the salad bar are amazing.  Bad: price is $50 bucks per person, but worth it.  There's always about a 20 minute wait and sometimes the salad bar can get crowded.  Recommend taking a short drive away from the strip and check this place out.  It's a great place to take a date, but make sure you both bring your appetite.
4	I love Texas De Brazil.  I love the atmosphere; the service; the food; the salad bar and the whole nine yard.  The ambiance and the decoration are definitely modern.  It creates a mood to consume a large amount of meats.  The Brazilian servers dance around you with "sticks of meats" and they don't stop until you throw in the towel - in this case, turn your little card over to the red side to show them that you have had enough.  I always have fun at Texas De Brazil and will always return for a good time.
5	You will end up eating more red meat in one night than you should consume in a month, but it is good. There are so many cuts of meat to try. Everything is excellent. It is not dry aged grass fed beef, but it is very good. The salad bar is a meal by itself. I would recommend you try it at least once, but not too much. Red meat bad for you! Tastes good though!
4	This place is solid. I had never had a meal like this. Fresh meat just keeps on coming. It is pricey for 4 of us it was $235. With that being said I would eat here again. I really liked the chicken and Filet mignon.
5	Went here for lunch with my wife and I gotta say, the food was fantastic, the service was great, everyone there was super friendly and the guys coming around with the meat after one trip remembered my preference for med-rare and my wife for med. There were a few times he offered me the medium or give him a minute he had some med-rare on the grill. Usually when this happens it's 5-10 mins before I see anyone again. These guys were back almost immediately, very impressive. I'm not a salad eater but all the other choices they had were fantastic. The prosciutto, cheeses and other sides available were awesome, it took some self-control not to just fill up on all that. This was our first time to a Brazilian steakhouse and our waiter did a great job of explaining how it all worked.
2	I've only been to one other Brazilian steakhouse in SF before this, and I ended up stuffed beyond belief.This time around, a large group of friends and I were in town and had dinner here our first night. We had a reservation but added two extra people last minute which they were fine with, but refused to seat us until those two arrived despite having 11 of us there already. Anyway, we were finally seated and a server gave us the whole spiel on how to get fed and advertised the lobster bisque. We were starving so like a hungry herd, we jetted off to the salad bar and pot of lobster bisque. The salad was refreshing but I tried not to eat too much. Most of us agreed the lobster bisque was good the first few bites, but it was incredibly salty. As we finished up the salad, we saw men with sticks of meat approach us. Yay finally! So much meat and so little room in my stomach. I tried most of the things they brought around except for chicken. Most of the table agreed the meats weren't too exciting in flavor and just tasted extremely salty. The cooking was also inconsistent because rare turned out to be well done on some meat sticks, and was straight up raw on other sticks. The cheese rolls and bananas were very yummy as were the mash potatoes, but that stuff is so filling.Finally after we all tapped out, some people still wanted dessert. The portions were huge but no one was amazed by anything. Anyhoo, the food was just kind of blah and the bill was extremely high for the experience. So I don't want to 100% blame Texas de Brazil, but about half of us had an experience similar to the movie Bridesmaids after we got back to the hotel. If you haven't seen the movie, let's just say we spent some quality time with the toilet and had symptoms of food poisoning. Since it was only half the table, I don't think it was food poisoning, but the extremely raw meat probably didn't sit well with some of us. If you're a serious carnivore and have some dollars to spare, you might enjoy this place. But for the average eater with an average appetite, that money is probably better spent with an average sized plate.
5	Took My hubbie to this place for his bday and I must say it is the bom. I can't find nothing wrong with this place. The service was great and alot of different ppl come to your table. We did feel alittle overwhelmed at some point when we had our green light going but its our own fault because we are greedy. All the sides were good. and the meats. I love the Brazilian sausage the most. BOM!! Its a must go. Its a bit expensive but its well worth it.
4	Excellent gourmet salad bar and skewer meets. Expect to pay $46 per plate. Filet mignon is to die for!
5	Great for group dining!  Hosted a wedding reception here.  The food was amazing!
5	Meat!  Meat and more meat!Oh, and a great salad bar.  Texas de Brazil is one of my top places to go eat in Vegas.  Service is always excellent.  Even though it is on the expensive side for me, the value is outstanding.   All their meats are excellent.  I especially love the filet mignon wrapped in bacon and the house sirloin.  Be prepared to get really full.  Great atmosphere.  Love it!
4	So, they offer a free meal here for your birthday if you sign up for their enewsletter. Who am I to say no to free food, so I came here  to take full advantage of the fabulous deal.We came here to celebrate my birthday and dad a great evening. We were seated quickly and surprised by how busy the restaurant was on a Monday evening.Our waitress was very attentive and gave us the whole spiel about where everything f was and how the process works. We started with the salad bar. Pretty good. The soup was nothing special, so steer clear of that. On to the meat. Lots and lots of meat. The good thing about coming in with a coupon was that I didn't feel compelled to overdo it with food. My tummy thanked me for that afterward. The stars of the show are the picanha and lamb chops. The beef ribs and top sirloin were solid too. Service was amazing. Very friendly and attentive. Plantains were replenished regularly. These were probably my favorite part of the meal. All in all, a great meal was had by all and we will definitely be back for future birthdays with coupons in hand!
5	Went here the other night for my friends 30th birthday and was nothing short of amazed. If you are a meat fanatic and have a healthy appetite this is defiantly a place for you. The salad bar is overwhelming and they are constantly making sure that everything is fresh. As for dinner, I can't express how delicious and perfectly cooked all the meats are. Do yourself a favor and get the garlic sirloin! If you can make it to dessert you won't be disappointed. All in all Texas de Brazil is a wonderful restaurant with excellent food and service
5	Had the pleasure of dinner here the other night.  Adam was our server and he was the best.  From explaining how it works for the three newcomers, to keeping the plates rotating, and a fun banter with each of us.  Prefer your lamp chops on the rarer side, just let him know and he'll make it happenThe sixty item plus salad bar is something to see.  Hearts of palms, fantastic smoked salmon, a wonderful onion and cilantro salsa, it's all fab.  Don't miss the lobster bisque and the best bacon bits every in a restaurant.Now, to discuss the meats....parmasian chicken, bacon wrapped pork, bacon wrapped filet, their special sirloin, lamb chops, rack of lamb, beef ribs, pork ribs, flank steak - bring it all on!If you can stand a heavy lunch, the price is better and basically the same service as dinner. Love meat?  This is the place.
5	This review is a year late. We originally ate here summer of 2012 and had such a great experience. We recently went back to Las Vegas and unfortunately purchased a groupon for a different Brazilian Steakhouse. I wish we had returned to Texas de Brazil! Their side dishes are so fresh and tasty, and there is a huge variety. We really enjoyed the roasted meat, the cheese rolls, and of course the bananas! The service here was great, and I tell everyone I know that plans to visit Vegas to eat here. We will certainly return here again!
4	I fell in love with Churascaria when I went to Texas De Brazil about 5-6 yrs ago. Great chain restaurant, consistent, always great service, food amazing, salad bar has endless selections. Lobster Bisque, is honestly what i keep coming back for. The soup is a bonus on top of great meats, so unexpected.
5	Had the most amazing dinner here! Food was outstanding, service was phenomenal, and the wine was yummy too! Pricey, but worth every penny. Had reservations for a large party and they accommodated us with our own room.  The servers were prompt with bringing the meat around. Bacon wrapped chicken was to die for! Can't wait to go back!
5	I love Brazilian steakhouses and this is the best I've been to. I preferred it to Fogo. Free meal for your birthday and it's a clear winner. Great service and great food. Picanha and lamb are my favorites. I'll be back.
5	I posted pictures months ago I guess I forgot the review. So here it goes the food is awesome meats are cooked to perfection and they do to stop the salad bar has so much it's crazy I joined their club thingy and I'm always getting coupons and u get one for your birthday month make reservations you won't be disappointed
5	The best Brazilian Steakhouse I've been to! Pros:Meats were fresh"Salad" bar had great selections and yummy cheesesDrinks were good and strongDesserts were deliciousOur server was awesomeCons:Off the strip (however, it's in a huge shopping center with lots of stores -- after we ate, we walked around and did some shopping to walk off the weight)Note:Price was $49 per person + tax - All you can eat!
5	I've been to the location in Aruba and was really excited when I realized they had a Texas De Brazil in Vegas! I was here at the peak of summer and after a day of basking in the sun, a nice meal with great company was just the way to end a 100+ degree day. Lets start with the salad bar, its spectacular! The quality of food is excellent and the number of options they offer is amazing. From the smoked salmon, asparagus, caprese salad, and the AMAZING cheesy bread balls they offer at the table, I almost have no room for the amazing meats they offer! Now onto the meats, I can't come here and NOT get the full experience of brazilian barbecue. I can honestly say that I enjoyed every meat I tried here. The people were friendly and as long as your card was green, there was always someone offering you something whether it be bacon wrapped chicken, filet mignon, flank steak, etc.This definitely isn't a place I would visit regularly since I would probably weigh 100000 pounds if I did, but this place is definitely worth the experience and the price.PS. The martini choices: YUMMY.
4	Always a great food experience.Reservation was for 6:45, but didnt get seated until after 7. (-)I will forever reccomend to friends and warn to fast before eating here.
5	Great meal for the price. Meats were all tender and salad/sides bar and lobster bisque were good also.
4	The Peruvian salad is a perpetual fave. The sirloin should not be missed.  Service is just average.  They don't bother to pick up your used plates or refill your drinks (this has happened each and every time we've been, 5+ times), but the food is so damn good we keep going back, and taking company too.  If the service was any good this would be 5 stars all the way.
2	I decided I'd better include this review in my portfolio even though it's been a few weeks since we celebrated my friend's birthday here. Endless meat sounds pretty good on the surface, right?Here's why this doesn't work: they overwhelm you by bringing out all the meats really quickly, so you're just tempted to load your plate. Also, a lot of the meat options run pretty similarly to each other in terms of texture and flavor, and some of the meats fall flat (pork tenderloin, looking at you here). Always ask for small pieces on the first go around if possible so you can see what you really would enjoy.It's not just protein issues here. Desserts costing even more after charging so much for the meat is really mindblowing to me. Finally, why are they not making the cheesy bread balls unlimited? Even Red bloody Lobster gives you as much bread as you want. So much meat demands vehicles for helping you get the meat into your belly, and this place just lacks in that category.I would recommend the flank steak and one or both of the lamb options. Nothing else stuck out in my mind enough to make it to this review, and nothing really made an impression on me as a truly premium meat cut/preparation.If you're going to charge $60+ after tax for a buffet, you'd better blow my mind. These guys didn't. It might be worth it if you're going in a ridiculously small group to celebrate your birthday dinner. Otherwise, save your money for Bacchanal, Korean BBQ, AYCE sushi, or a legitimate high-end steakhouse and thank me later.
5	Come hungry and ready to spend about after food and drinks $250 for 2. It's worth the money. Beautify place to eat and the small bar is cool with a few friends.
4	We celebrated my brother's 50th birthday dinner here.  I loved the atmosphere and the awesome service.  The salad bar was fantastic. However they say don't fill up on salad..... do I listen?? Nooooo....... I enjoyed the Lobster Bisque soup as well. Once you finish with your salad, you flip your little card over to green which informs the waiter's that you are ready for the meat!  OMGosh.... one waiter after another arrive with various cuts of meat on skewers.  You have the option of  saying yes or no.  I thoroughly enjoyed the beef and chicken pieces.  I can't remember what all chose, all I know is it was very satisfying. The meat just melted in your mouth....oh and the sauteed mushrooms were sooooo good!  I honestly ate too much still full this morning! This is a great place to impress a date or  for a business dinner.
4	lobster bisque was ono! first time at vegas location, great service just like the aruba loc.
5	Aaaaaaamazing. We made reservations for a 1pm lunch, walked in the door and our table was ready within 1 minute while others waited.sat down and were immediately waited on by Grazzy. Buffet was bad ass with Manchego, shrimp and even stuff like "spicy cauliflower" which i had never seen.Each person was given a "stopper" rather than the whole table and the meats were phenomenal. service was exceptional and tea was routinely filled. I rarely leave a restaurant wowed, but this was the case.A bit pricey at $34.99, but worth it with the quality of food and service.
5	All I have to say is AMAZING!!! Was visiting some friends in Vegas and they took us here. They had a  Great selection at the salad bar. Great side dishes love the mashed potatoes and the cheesy bread OMG so good!!!! Love Love Love this place cant wait to come back! The meat selection was awesome and the service was even better. Everyone was so friendly and helpful! Drinks were made perfectly! We were way to stuffed to try any dessert but I bet they are just as good as everything else in this place!
3	Before my favorite churrascaria opened, I used to go here. Although it's cheaper here and they're open for lunch everyday and they have goat cheese at the salad bar, the service and food quality is marginal. They have the usual Brazilian BBQ salad bar items such as smoked salmon, lettuce, tomatoes, mushrooms, asparagus, cheeses, olives, salami, beans and rice etc. They give you pao de queijo, fried bananas and mashed potatoes. The meats include chicken, beef, pork, sausage and lamb. I've tried their Key Lime pie, cheesecake, flan and chocolate mousse all of which were just ok.The gaucho guys seem to take longer going around and when I come to a churrascaria, I come famished...waiting cannot happen. They seem careless too. I'd have blood/ oil/ meat juice drip next to my plate or my arm! Obrigadinha!Out of the churrascaria's in Vegas. FdC on Flamingo is #1 on my list, TdB is #2, VB in Summerlin is #3...and that P place in Planet Hollywood? Forget it!
5	Awesome place. Best meat you will ever find. Try the Top Sirloin House Sepcial. Only downside: it is really noisy and crowded most of the time. Not really a place for a romantic dinner. But if you want a good meat fix with friends: go for it!
3	Great food! Great service! Our waitress, Sam, was on point and attentive to our needs. Since this was our first time in the restaurant, she gladly explained how everything worked. When she greeted us at the front, she wished my daughter Happy Birthday! That showed she was ready before we arrived. Everything was delicious! But I highly recommend the lobster bisque, house special and filet mignon!
4	Bacon wrapped filet, Parmesan pork lion, Parmesan chicken, top sirloin, pork ribs, lamb chops, lamb shank, lobster bisque, grana padano, prosciutto di Parma, and much more!! How can you not love this place? It's protein overload!!!
2	Wow. Super disappointed.I was here three years ago, for my birthday, and remember it being  A LOT better.We made a reservation online, and were seated quickly...it was our anniversary, and like I said, I hadn't been there in 3 years, and my guy had never been there.First off, I know it's minor, but it is very dimly lit in there... So, factor that in with the noise factor, and you can barely recognize what you are being offered/served. We arrived during 'Happy hour'....that is only offered in the bar. Can't really enjoy that with a child, can we? But our waitress, who didn't offer her name, nor had a name tag told us that she "wouldn't mind if we went to the bar to get a drink."Oh, how gracious of you.I saw that they had a coconut mandarin mojito, that didn't sound very appetizing to me, so I asked if there was a way to do a pineapple one. The waitress said that would be no problem. The $12 mojito should be left to the Cuban Cuisine  at Havana Grill......Sorry, Brazil.Words can't describe the taste... Barely any pineapple, I felt like it was over poured, or mixed wrong....I guess that's what I get for asking for a custom drink.The salad bar was probably the highlight. The little circles hardly mean anything to the servers. After we had decided that some of the meat was either salty, or too tough, we had flipped all three of the circles provided to red. However, we were constantly interrupted by servers. At least 6 times.The best meat that we had was the bacon wrapped chicken. It was moist, flavorful, and perfectly seasoned..and the lamb chop...even though it was gamey-er than any other lamb that I have ever had...Everything else was just kind of a miss. My guy stopped eating a lot earlier than I did, he said that he was feeling funny....Well, that funny feeling had hit BOTH of us by the time we got home. We felt severely nauseated....I have never felt this way so quickly after eating food.Needless to say, $120 (before tip, with 1 drink), is way too much for us to pay to get sick.
5	Best filet mignon, lamb chops and the mix drinks are also great. Best Brazilian steak house. Can't wait to return!!!
4	First time at Texas de Brazil and I was so surprised at how overwhelming it can be.  Nick finally had to remind me to turn my card over (I forgot).  The salad bar is the best I've seen - so many selections and when I saw proscuitto, that was it for me.Surprisingly (or maybe not so surprising), the flank steak was my favorite.  I forget how good flank steak it, it just needs some TLC to bring out the best it has to offer.  Tender, juicy, and very flavorful!  I enjoyed the mashed potatoes as well - fluffy and salted (maybe a just a bit too much salt).One hitch - the wine that was brought out was the wrong vintage; it was two years younger.  We tried it anyways, and it was ok.  I don't know if there was a price difference, and nothing was offered.  Not a big enough deal to fret over it, but something to be aware of.
2	It's was our second time on this restaurant. We decided to go back coz we liked it a lot. Sad to say this will be our last dinner here. Hostess makes the first impression to the guest. We arrived exactly 7:30 as our reservation said but didn't got seated and had to wait another 15 mins as we see everyone coming in get seated right away. I had to ask and complain if not I don't think we'll get seated. So we are already not in the mood as our first impression was terrible hostessing service. Servers are great and was always making sure everything was nice. Salad bar are good and meats are great aside from BBQ beef ribs looks like corned beef. One manager came to the table and apologized and said dessert on us. For costumer recovery it should have been informed to the servers but still we didn't get it. And we didn't say manager said to give us dessert as it should have been relied to them. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant anymore and will not eat here ever. I was really disappointed with the hostess as they affect the whole dining experience.
5	GOSH! This place was amazing! It was my first time there with my family and i couldnt believe how good it was! A little on the pricey side but so worth it to treat yourself once in a while! The place was nice and clean! Service was good! Everything was just PERFECT!
4	First time here and there was nothing I ate that was not delicious! So good!! Everything tasted so fresh; words cannot describe! Especially the deserts....  And meats and salad bar YUM.
5	The food is phenomenal and worth every expensive penny.
5	First time ever going to a restaurant that served food like this. I felt a little awkward at first not knowing exactly how things worked. My server was Peter who was an amazing server that kept checking up on us an went out of his way to ensure that the people serving food would have the meat well done for my beautiful gf. That was the brownie points on service, felt like we were being well taken care of. The food was amazing but the chickens were so-so but everything else was delicious. Thanks to the waiter will be returning!P.s. Love the deserts!
4	Great meal here with friends after running the LV Half Marathon. Started things off with an ultra small plate of selections from their impressive salad bar. I need protein! Screw the green stuff. The Lobster Bisque should not be missed though. Hammerred alot of the meats especially the Lamb Chops... wow! Tip: don't forget to ask for/try any meat sauces they have - the ChimmiChurri was nice. Take your lipitor afterwards & sleep nicely...
5	I had an absolute blast eating here! How can someone not enjoy eating tons of meat freshly carved right in front of you? And the best part is that you get to stay in your seat!The server tells you how it's done when you eat here. Pretty much, you're given this card and when it is flipped to the green side, it let's the people know you want food. When it's flipped to the red side, it means they're not gonna come by anymore. You can go up to the salad bar area and get a variety of different dishes from quinoa, smoked salmon, peppers, the soup of the day, there is just so many things to get! I personally rather get full off of the meat, but that's just me. You are given these dishes that everyone gets I guess. I remember from both times I went, we were given these fried bananas, (which was super delicious by the way!), and the time I went, we were given mashed potatoes and cheesy bread. I personally just are the bananas because once you take a bite, you will surely understand why I didn't eat very much of the bread or mashed potatoes.They have so much meat roaming around like flank steak, pork & beef ribs, fillet mignon, chicken, pork... There's just too many. Try everything at least once and enjoy yourself! If you like something in particular, you can ask your server for the guy with a particular meat to come by. Our server I think was named Richard and he was a pretty cool guy. He refilled our waters and he provided us with bananas whenever we asked. Overall, the dining experience here is amazing. I highly recommend coming here if it is within your budget. Of course it's pricy, but I had a ton of fun eating here. With good service and even better food, this is the place to let loose!And reservations are recommended!
4	Great place food was great and the staff was great. We had our company Holiday party here and the staff was very attentive. I will definitely return!!!
4	I would usually give Texas de Brazil 5 stars but for some reason, their lamb chops and leg of lamb is always overcooked, arrives med well to  well. Otherwise, this is our to go place when we crave meat (and lots of it!). But overall, always a good experience.
5	Gauchos with awesome pants and loads of meat!!!! Need I say more? Texas De Brazil is beyond great! It's fantasmic ( if that was a word)! The steak is to die for,especially the bacon wrapped filet and garlic sirloin. This steak house has endless choices. You can get anything from Parmesan Crusted Chicken to every steak out there. Did I mention the ribs, pork and prime Rib is amazing!!!?? The cooking methods produce juicy and succulent flavors. Now even though the meat is the star the Salad bar is ridiculous and beyond compare. The Gorgonzola grape salad is "omg" good. Smoked Salmon and Lobster bisque soup are always invited to the herbage party a the salad bar as well as hearts of Palm, tabouli salad and fresh mozzarella and tomatoes. My favorite is the fresh cheese and asparagus with raspberry sauce! Needless to say I'm in love with the menu all the way down to dessert! But the real kicker is how nice the staff is and how attentive the waiters are.I got a fresh plate exactly when needed, refills right in time and endless cheesy bread balls! ( have no clue about the technical name for the bread) I will go here any chance I get. It's clean and has great food and friendly faces! I love this place!!
5	Wow. Great food, and Great service.I took my team out for a celebratory dinner, they chose Texas de Brazil. Everything started with Adam, our server, he knew everything about this restaurant, everything in it, the menu, the ingredients, and probably my mother's maiden name. Never have I experienced such an amazing array of well seasoned, and diverse meat. Not a huge meat fan? No problem, a huge salad bar comprised of many different options (that did not grow up on a farm) awaits. Can't wait to go back!
4	Service can be a little slow but very pleasant waitstaff. They had a variety of meat going around, ranging from BBQ ribs to steak, lamb, chicken, and pork. I sampled all the steak items and found the top sirloin (the non-garlic kind) to be the best. This particular item was juicy, perfectly medium rare and tasty. However, the star of the night was probably the mashed potato and the lobster bisque for me. If you have a big tummy, you may enjoy the salad bar a tad bit more. There are many delectable items there that you don't normally find in a typical salad bar. This isn't a place for little girls with tiny tummies. I don't know how much it costs to eat here but I probably ate about $10 worth of food. What a waste.
5	My second visit to one of their locations while on a business trip. Again very impressed by the customer service and the variety of offerings. Everything was top notch and the server made sure we had everything we could possibly want.Besides, what's better than meat being brought to you by the Churrascarias? That's just fun, right?My wife was enjoying her first ever visit. The salad bar alone had her impressed. She's not a huge red meat fan, but found plenty of great offerings from the Churrascarias to keep her very satisfied and full.Overall a great place to dine, if your wallet allows you to. ;-)
5	Oh My God!!! where has this place been all of my life.  This place is protein central.  Everything from Lamb Chops, Beef & Pork Ribs, Garlic Chicken, Pork Tenderloin, and all of the many types of beef you can ask for.  By now, after reading all other reviews, you know how they work.  Various runners come around and ask you if you want the select cut of meat they have with them.  Awesome!!!I have been here twice now and both times I had more than my fair share of their offerings.  The first time I made a rookie mistake and hit the salad bar.  But, made up for it the second time.  Although, the reason for coming here is the variety of tasty dead animal flesh, there is another reason for coming.  Lobster Bisque.  So good!!!  I had 2 bowls both times that I have been.  I'm more than positive we will be back.
5	I don't believe I forgot to write a review for this place last year!Although it's been awhile, I'll say if you get a chance-definitely go and give it a try!They have a huge salad bar, large selection of meats and fantastic sangrias.They meats are bbq'd on metal skewers then brought to your table.  As I recall, it's mostly 2-3 inch pieces and they slide it onto your plate.  I can't say anything about dessert.  We had some but it wasn't as memorable as the meal itself.  :) Service was great.
4	We walked in on time because of traffic and our table was ready so we walked in.  Luckily after our last years party we asked for a quiet spot so we could talk so we were seated in a private room (like an Atrium) behind the bar and off the main dinning area.  Extremely private and nice and quiet but with the cold spell we are having a bit on the chilled side.  Can't complain about that since we asked for a private area.Our waiter offered choices for water and told about the specialty drink of the house greeted us.  Caipirinha their signature cocktail, which includes fresh-squeezed lime, sugar and crushed ice. Served with any choice of Cacha Brazilian rum like liquor.  We were given the option to have it signature style and add flavor later if it is too strong or leave it as is.  It is strong but you feel it in your cheeks not in your taste buds!  So we left it! LOLNot my first time here so I highly recommend the salad bar and even higher recommend the lobster bisque, amazing!  Don't eat the bread at the table because meat coma comes quickly I would like you to get home before you fall asleep form both meat and bread coma! Once the door to our room was opened is was a free for all meat was pilled on the plates freely and soon was over run we had to close the doors to keep them out and they still kept coming.  Ugh so much good food in retrospect I wish I would have waited for the bacon wrapped filet mignon V/S the regular I didn't like the lamb much but love lamb normally and the tabouli salad and smoked salmon in Dijon mustard amazing! Sadly I didn't want to over eat and left happy but that meant I could not enjoy the deserts but form the look of everyone else that looked amazing!
5	great selection, the servers are super nice, if you're looking for a specific cut of meat you can ask them to bring it over. my absolute favorite thing here is the chocolate mousse cake (i would drive to LV from Los Angeles JUST for the cake) and also the guarana soda is very yummy. just make sure you're hungry before you come because it's a bit on the pricey side and you don't wanna let that AYCE go to waste.
5	If you're reading this, odds are you live in Las Vegas.  And, if you live in Las Vegas, odds are you are accustomed to excess, which is a good thing if you're planning to eat at Texas de Brazil because it is just gloriously self-indulgent, and one of the most memorable dining experiences I've had in Las Vegas so far.First off, this is a Brazilian-style churrascaria, so it's all about the meat.  Skip the salad bar.  The offerings are delicious (which I would remember more succinctly had I not subsequently gone into meat comma) and that's kind of the problem.  I was halfway full once I started sampling the meats.  The expertly prepared chunks of dead animal are the stars of the show, so go straight for that.Off the top of my head, I sampled sirloin, filet mignon, chicken, pork, some kind of sausage, ribs, and delicious bits of vegan hipster, I'm pretty sure.  For the most part, everything was amazing, I only wasn't particularly impressed with the chicken.  My absolute favorite was the sirloin, which I prefer rare and was pleased to find it was cooked to perfection.  Slightly charred on the outside, fat still on the meat, and blood red on the inside. We accompanied our meal with a pitcher of sangria, which I found a little lacking in kick, and at $30 a pop, it needs to satisfy.  Still, the meat was so absolutely delicious that this was hardly a detriment to the experience.  The service was excellent. Very prompt and courteous.  You just flip a card, and a seemingly endless army of gauchos bombards you with all the delicious meat you can possibly handle.  Our waitress was also informative, extremely pleasant and did not rush us at all even when we got close to closing time.TdB is pricey, so best enjoyed for special occasions (unless you gorge on unicorn steak fortnightly) but it is worth every penny.  We will positively be back.  And I won't be going near anything even closely resembling a vegetable.
5	went to Texas de Brasil on Tuesday evening, had the best time. food is always amazing. Our server was Kristen, who was extremely friendly, pleasant and attentive, but was also very professional. the entire staff was great. but if you go, ask for Kristen, she is the best!!
5	Great food and beer. Don't fill up on the sumptious salad bar before the meat arrives. I always start with the sauteed mushrooms and lobster bisque. Primo!!!! Super friendly staff.
5	The wife and I came across this restaurant while in aruba. The following year they built this one in vegas. This is by far my favorite restaurant. I refuse to go to any other Brazilian steakhouse because of this one.
3	I am not much of a meat eater, but I have to say that the meat is not that great. Too salty for my taste and the employees do not seem to understand the concept of their own " do no interrupt" signal. They bombard you with more and more. Almost all their meat is wrapped in bacon. This is rather annoying since I don't eat pig at all. Their salad bar is less than impressive. I rate it 3 stars due to the staff being friendly and helpful. If you are a big meat eater, you will enjoy this place. Also, if you like meat with lots of salt.
1	Food was great and the servers were great but the manager was rude and unprofessional.  Sorry but Vegas is full of great places to eat so we will not be returning.
5	We love this place and I wish we had one in San Diego...or maybe it is best that it is sooo far away.  Best left for occasional visits to Vegas, because it is THAT good.Plus there are plenty options for the Gluten Free society, which was a plus for my MIL.  The meat was all seasoned wonderfully, the space is large, customer service friendly and attentive.   Must do when in Vegas!
4	Was very good busy inside but they still had good service. .i ate too much lots to chose from
5	Make sure you don't eat anything for the whole day before coming here! The salad bar is amazing with tons of items to choose from, and the meat... Wow! Every single one of them is delicious. My husband and I come here very often and the service is always great, super friendly staff. A+!
4	We think this is the best Brazilian all you can eat place.  The decor is dark and sumptuous.  The salad bar is stocked full of goodies.  There is always a giant wheel of carved cheese to savor.  The lobster bisque is divine.  The charcuterie is always good.  The meat the meat and more meat.  Tender is the filet mignon.  Try the beef ribs when they are done right - just melts in your mouth.  I don't like fruit in particular but I like them sweet banana things they give you.  The service is good.  The waiters try their best to deal with a huge crowd.  You can order what you want instead of waiting for the cowboys to come by with their offerings.  They don't always get it to you right away though.  The weak point is the dessert.  I wouldn't pay on top of your meal price for extra desserts.  They aren't that good.  Eat more bananas.  :)I also subtracted a star because I think we got food poisoning there one time.  I suppose it is the risk one takes when food sits out and there are a lot of people around.  :(
4	Too pricey. No drink refills. Weird stuff in salad bar. Great tasting meat though. All you can eat too. Great variety.
4	Excellent food quality and quantity.  Loved this experience.   Only suggestion is a "smaller" lunch for a smaller price.  $30 per person for a lunch seems spendy.   It was worth $30, but I couldn't come close to eating $30 worth for lunch.  Overall great experience!
4	Amazing amazing amazing.   Food is so good.   Try the salmon at the salad bar.   Eat their silion steak.   Meat overload... Must shut downnnnnnn.
4	Some places my eyes are bigger than my appetite and I eat until I feel like the guy at the end of Monty Python's the meaning of life,Maitre d': Good evening sir and how are we today?Mr. Creosote: Better.Maitre d': Better?Mr. Creosote: Better get a bucket. I'm gonna throw up.Good thing they didn't bring me the after dinner mint.I have been to a few of these Brazilian Churrascarias and usually find them to be overhyped.  Over the last 10 years, when I have been on a plane looking through Hemispheres or another airline's mag, there is always a Texas de Brazil ad jumping out at me and I say "I have to try that".  So finally I got to try it and I must say, for the most part, it was heaven on a plate.  Short explanation for those who ask "What the heck is a Churra whatica?"  It is like dimsum for Meat lovers.  Waiters roam the room with meat on skewers and ask if you want some or not.  Don't worry about the button that says green or red because they don't really pay attention to it.  The meat is rubbed with spices and barbecued making it juicy and flavorful.  First though, you get a small hot/cold salad bar which included some very good lobster bisque.  So good several people at my table including myself felt that we could just eat lobster bisque all night.  Butttttt, NO. We had to sample more.  Buffalo Mozzerela, Artichoke, sauteed hot and cold mushrooms, scalloped potatoes, salad, bread, cheese, salami, proscuitto, and more.  WARNING, DANGER WILL ROBINSON, no matter how yummy this stuff looks, do not, I repeat, DO NOT, fill up on the salad bar.  The best is still to come.Back at the table with an iced tea waiting, the waitress brought out little trays of garlic mashed potatoes and fried bananas.  The mashed potatoes weren't bad but really, they are the last thing you should put on your plate as they will fill you up faster than a gas station attendant named Barry Allen (obscure comic book reference).  On the other hand, you will want to eat the bananas as they are sweet sticky confections almost desert quality.Finally, the first waiter with meat skewers nears the table.  Everyone falls into a hush wondering what our first taste is..... and it is sirloin, well seasoned and juicy, with rare, medium and well on separate skewers.  Before we knew it, our plates were filled with lamb chops, sausage, pork, beef ribs, flank steak, pork ribs, chicken, and bacon wrapped filet.All the meat was very properly cooked and juicy.  The ribs were a little fatty and the one i received was way over seasoned but the lamb chops were excellent, the filet of course good, and my favorite, the pork loin, one very overlooked cut of meat, IMHO, was excellent.   Don't be afraid to tell the waiter "no mas" or your plate will be piled to the roof.  The food does begin to taste the same with the seasoning but the flavor of the meat is never overwhelmed.BTW it is always the thin ones who eat the most and our group was no exception.  I was very controlled and did not have too much despite my eyes telling me to eat more.I did sample the bananas foster pie which was excellent.
5	It's a meat frenzy. I think I'm in heaven!  Texas de Brazil does it right and i've never walked away with an empty stomach.  Aside from a well stocked salad bar this place offers a great ambiance and service.  But you don't come here to eat a salad, you come for the meat and they bring plenty of it right to your table.  It's simple and not over seasoned which in my opinion makes it taste so great.  My suggestion, skip the lunch and save room for dinner at Texas de Brazil.  Your stomach will thank you.  It's Legen....wait for it... DARY!
5	On top of the excellent food,  the staff is amazing.   The manger walked over just to see how we were doing,  he was fantastic!   Great all around experience!
5	My favorite brazillian bbq anywhere - we try to hit this place up every time we're in Vegas.  The meat is always really good, but what sets this place apart from the rest (including Fogo de Chao) is the salad bar.  Other yelpers have said it already, but I'll reiterate - the lobster bisque is amazing.  They also have sushi, sauteed mushrooms, cheese, and some of the best cheese bread I've eaten.  And for the ladies - this place is full of attractive male waiters, unlike the rest of Vegas which pretty much caters only to your husbands/boyfriends.  It makes the phrase "Bring your meat over here!" mean something completely different if it's me or my wife saying it :-)  A must try in Sin City!
5	The lunch is fantastic, but requires RSVP also. They serve the same meats selection as dinner with the cheaper price! The salad bar offers fresh and flavorful green. My favorite meats are picanha, flank steak, beef ribs and filet mignon (which is little dry, but it is good). All the servers were friendly and attentive. It was a great time for me, and I would definitely come back for More!
5	If you are a meat eater, don't even bother to read the rest of my review or any of the other reviews.  Run, don't walk to this place and get more than your fifty bucks worth of lamb chops, and lamb shoulder, and sirloin, and ribs, and sausage, and strip steak, and ....you get the idea.   The meat was glorious (just avoid the well done cuts).   Minimize your time with the salad bar, and the mashed potatoes, and the plantain (or was it banana?).   Stick with the meat until you can't eat anymore.   Tell them I sent you.  Reservations recommended, go after 8:30 when the dinner rush is over.
3	It was alright.  It bothered me how loud the music was playing, it made the other people in the restaurant talk louder to hear them.  It bothered me that they have no table cloth and after a while blood is smeared all over.  It bothered me that the meat cutters would a lot of times by pass my "red" card and start carving me meat because Joey M. had a "green" card.  The meat itself was mediocre, it needed more seasonings.  It was fine as long as you have it medium rare, but medium was really dry and a little chewy.  The shrimp at the salad bar were the small shrimp, in fact the shrimp at Red Rock Buffet for $15 a person were bigger.  I'm just saying for $50 a person I expected more.  I expected Fogo de Chao so next time I will just go to Fogo instead.  I would rather go to Fogo on my birthday pay for the meal, then go to Texas de Brazil and eat for free.  The tap water tasted funky too.
4	We made a 6:30 reservation and weren't sat until 6:50, which isn't a big deal but we had $750.00 tickets to a show that started at 9 across town. Unfortunately because of this as soon as we were sat down we stuffed out faces with GREAT food. Ate way too quick and were over stuffed immediately.There bread is amazing, all the meat was great ( a little salty though)Sides were all well prepared as well
4	You see, having a good server compliments your dining experience. We got lucky to have Leedke for our server. He is phenomenal. Granted that he gave me three servings of the banana with cinnamon since I'm a sucker for plantain. Anyway, the buffet of side dishes is superb. The meats were exceptional most especially the sirloin. My husband likes his meat rare, and rare he got. Only thing I can recommend for improvement is the level of saltiness of the meats. They're way salty (and I like my sodium).
4	Where do you go in vegas with a group of 12 hungry guys? TEXAS DE BRAZIL!!!!We arrived there on a Saturday afternoon about 1230.  Doors opened at 11am so figured there wouldn't be much of a crowd.  As i walked in, the placed seemed very upscale with table linens, glass goblets, fancy decor and hostess station.  I walk up to the hostess asking for a table of 12. She kinda looks at me in a strange way as if we were a bunch of ghetto asians.  I have to say we were dressed casual in jeans and tshirts but we did noticed some other customers were dressed in shorts and flip flops. She says we can not seat you until your whole party is here and i said, they are all here and showed her.  Then she says give me 15mins to prepare your table. In my head, why didn't you just says, your table will be ready in 15mins. SMH.After we got seated, the waiter was very friendly by asking if this was our first time eating here and if we know how this works. Everyone had the jest of how the process worked but the waiter still explained it.Started off with the Salad bar to get my veggies in my system and to get my metabolism going. Cant just dive into the meat and get super stuffed right away.  I have to say the presentation and freshness of all the foods was excellent and looked marvelous.  My favorite was the marinated shrimp and smoke salmon.  They did offer a lobster bisque as a soup but didn't want to get a bowl of it as i know its super rich and made with heavy cream.  Also it will take room in my stomach and less room for the meat. Now comes to the meat. We were served top round, filet mignon, filet mignon wrapped with bacon, flank steak, chicken Parmesan drumlets, sausage, lamp chop, beer ribs, short ribs and pork ribs. Out of all those meats, i'd say the best was the top round because it was very tender, juicy and full of flavor.  The skin was grilled and had a small crunch to it which made it extra good.  As for the not so good one was the lamp chop since it still had the lamby taste.  I had lamb chops at other restaurants and it didn't give off that taste. Overall, If the hostess treated us better, i would definitely gave this place 5 stars, no doubt!!
5	This place is delicious! Don't pig out on the rather impressive salad bar because you won't have room left for all the meat!I was a huge fan of the bacon wrapped chicken and the bacon wrapped fillet mignon, but all the meats were delicious.They give you this fried banana to cleanse your pallet, kinda strange for me because I don't do too much fine dining, but it did what it was supposed to and was surprisingly good. The potatoes they offer you are also delicious. I'm getting hungry again just thinking about it!
3	If you have never been to Texas de Brazil, it is basically an all you can eat meat place. The provide you with a HUGH salad bar which by itself can fill you up if you are not careful. All the items on the salad bar I had were fresh and delicious.The waiters walk around the table and slice off meat and everything I had at this location was delicious, although the garlic filet was a bit over powering on the garlic. My favorite was the sausage and the regular filet, you could cut it with a fork.  I have been to several other locations and they do a good job of maintaining quality and this location was no exception. Staff here was very attentive and pleasant.
5	Fantastic experience that I will not be able to afford again for a long time.Beautiful restaurant, very attentive and friendly staff, and the food, My Gosh, the food!I'll just ramble off some of the highlights.  Salad bar: lobster bisque, smoked salmon, mozarella balls, bacon, and the goat cheese.  Meat favorites:  House specialty sirloin, lamb chops, and filet mignon.Left very stuffed and very satisfied.
4	First time at Texas De Brazil in Vegas.  Having been to one in Dallas previously, I knew what to expect.I went with several people in my industry after a trade show.The salad bar was just what I needed.  Being a sucker for Spinach, I was able to concoct a spinach salad with all the decadent goodies I wanted, while not spoiling my appetite for the meatfest to follow.  Fresh mozzarella balls, balsalmic, ripe tomato slices...perfect.The meats were broiled to perfection, speedily brought around to the tables, and rarely did I see the same cuts, unless I had seen the rest of the variety  first.  The lamb chops and leg were my favorite.
2	Although the address is correct,  when you use the directions on the Yelp mobile app you are directed to the AIRPORT, not the restaurant about a half mile down the road off Sunset. The food and salad bar isn't too bad. How many filets and potatoes can you really eat until you feel terribly full.
5	Now Texas de Brazil is my kind of place. All you can eat Brazilian-American Churrascaria (steakhouse). They'll bring it all to your table and all you have to do is flip a little card green for more and red for no more. I like it so much that I was there twice last month and I'm thinking about going later this week. My favorite is what I only refer to as the "house special" when asking for more meat. It's a beef top sirloin picanha. The meat is just perfect, good when eaten medium, medium well, or well done. Tender and not overly salty like some of the other meats offered. You can have them fill a plate entirely of the house special, which I did, or spread servings with other items, which I also did. Did I mention this is my favorite?The other meats I liked were the beef rib, which was more of the Texan or Americanized aspect. The lambs, I do love lamb came in a lamb chop and another cut with a big bone.  The filet mignon, though the house special is a lot better, and a few others. The ones I didn't like were the chicken and pork ones, dry and/or salty making me drink more and getting full faster, and the BBQ pork ribs. The sausage was ok but didn't care for since there were steaks.Service was good and friendly. Sometimes the guys going around with meat are swarming giving lots of meat. Sometimes drinks are filled when you need them. Sometimes they're on it. But sometimes they're no where to be found and you're waiting for more food, drink, and even the bill.I was told by many others that the salad bar is was made Texas de Brazil a better choice over Fogo the Chao it was alright but not enough for me to put it over Fogo. There was the lobster bisque, mushrooms, tomatoes, peppers, sushi, cheeses, bacon, various salads, smoked salmon, bananas, mashed potatoes,etc.  I don't waste my time much doing salads at AYCE steakhouse unless I'm taking a break from eating meat or if I only ordered the salad bar which is a cheaper option if you don't want to eat any meat. Hahaha yea I know there are those.The interior is very nice and it surprisingly holds a lot of people.  There's a bar area also so you can have a few drinks while you wait for your seats.  It does get busy so reservations are suggested. It's louder as you get towards the middle and hard to hold conversations, clubbing music playing, I'd suggest asking for a table along the edge, walls or front.Visit their website and signup for free birthday BOGO dinner coupon. Hold on to that coupon until the very end cause someone who sat me jacked the coupon and I had to pull the it from my phone. The person in charge was cool about it. It's about $50 saved. I think they'll also bring a complimentary dessert for your birthday but they didn't do it for me. It's definitely worth it and it's AYCE steakhouse so of course it's 5 star.  If you get too full take a nice walk around Town Square or take a taxi that's waiting outside.
3	The wait was ridiculously  long for no reason, which kinda put a damper on my B-day plans. The Salad bar was ok. good sushi! but the meat they bring around delicious! Im not a big meat eater, I barley like steak so if you love red meat its a must. My favorite was the parmesan chicken. They really should incorporate some type of sea food though. Its pricey so save it for a special occasion or to impress a first date. $150 for a salad bar for 2 & meat. The Ambiance is romantic too. I probably wouldn't go back at all . Its just not worth the wait or price.
4	Beautiful restaurant with great Brazilian barbecue. It was pretty pricey, but I wanted my husband's first experience with Brazilian barbecue to be good.The food was delicious, big salad bar, & I have to agree with everyone else it was the best lobster bisque I've ever had! Everything was fresh.I would definitely go back more if it wasn't so pricey.
5	I am absolutely in love with this place! I was a bit weary at first because everyone said it was all you can eat meat. So I thought that would be all I was eating, but sweet mother of God, that salad bar... yowza! The best salad bar I've ever seen. The meat was fabulous too. All around fun experience. I can't wait to return.
5	Our favorite Brazilian Steakhouse. A huge variety of meats, several different steak options along with lamb, ribs, chicken, Brazilian sausages and a lot of other good stuff at the salad bar. We usually go to dinner, I believe it's $45.99, pricey but worth it. This place gets busy so make sure you book a reservation in advance.
3	This rating is an average of two visits. I always like to go to an establishment twice before writing a review -- especially if I am able to go to it twice. For Texas de Brazil, the first time I went there was in Jan 2013 and then I went again in Dec 2013. I must say that there were a few noticeable differences.I'm not going to spend too much time on how Brazilian BBQ works. The one thing I would like to mention is that the food is fabulous. There were certain types of meat that can get a bit salty so me being me, I like to grab some jasmine rice from the salad bar to accompany that salty bit. The chicken and the pork can get dry as well. But it never hurt to try one of everything. It's always a delightful experience to be able to try, or attempt to try, all the types of meat that they offer.Now onto my real deal. The first time I dined at Texas de Brazil in Jan 2013, my server was wonderful:- She gave us a drink menu.- She was attentive to us throughout the night. - Near the end, she asked us if there was anything we'd like to eat again or would like to try and she would get the meat/meat carver for us. She named the whole list on top of her head. Then the second time I dined at Texas de Brazil in Dec 2013, my server was not as wonderful, for lack of a better term:- She didn't give us a drink menu. Just named stuff on top of her head. I had wanted to try the drink my boyfriend had in Jan but of course, she just named the basic sodas and water. - Near the end of our meal, she never asked us if there was anything else we'd like to try or something we'd like to eat again. Didn't offer any help or assistance. I had to ask her for a list of meats. She, in turn, went to get the "menu" in which took her a good 15 minutes because she forgot about me. Mind you, there were only about 3 total tables in the room. Afterwards, it was one of the meat carvers that offered his assistance and said he'd be glad to get me something that I want to try/eat. Very thankful for him and his attentiveness. - My check came in a paper menu versus the hard plush receipt folder that the table next to us got. I'm sorry? There were only 3 tables in our section since we were nearing the end of the night and you give me my check in a folded PAPER menu? You can't have possibly ran out of your nice hard plushy receipt holders. Our server waited on our table and the table next to us. She was a lot more attentive towards them, had asked them if there was anything else they'd like to try/eat at the end, and their receipt was properly given. I'm not going to jump to conclusions and say that my friends and I got discriminated in Dec 2013 but I can't help but to think of it as that way. The huge differences in our servers between the two visits were astonishing. Just because I look young and I look as though I don't have an unlimited budget doesn't mean you can treat me that way. Because when you do, I definitely don't have any budget for you. And a tip, if you want to discriminate, don't make it so obvious. I really doubt I'd be returning to this establishment.
5	I tried Pampas and Fogo deChao but I have to say that Texas de Brazil is my favorite. to me, Texas has a larger selection of the salad bar and meats. I always go there everytime I am in Vegas.
5	Date night!!!!!!!!!!! I don't always eat red meat. So if I'm going to eat it, might as well go all out!!!! The bf made reservations for 6:45 and we were seated right when we got there. It was a Wednesday night so I'm sure that we didn't need the reservations, but it's better to be safe than sorry. Our main waitress came by to introduce herself and to take our drink order. My bf had not been here before so she was nice enough to explain how everything worked.So here's the rundown: you can help yourself to the full salad bar. Some of the items are obviously salads (spring mix, Cesar, potato caprese, etc) breads and soups. When you are ready for your meats, there is a little card you flip over to the green side. Just be careful not to get full off the salad bar because you obviously are not going to pay +$50 for just appetizers. Servers with various meats come to your table and cut the meat right off the rod onto your plate. When you have had your fill, just flip the card over to the red side so they know you are finished. Your main server brings garlic mashed potatoes and fried plantains to the table to cleanse the pallet in between meats so you can get the taste of each individual one. Ok, so now for the food. I thoroughly enjoyed the salad bar, maybe a little too much. Our server told us to pace ourselves but I was so hungry and the salad bar was easily accessible. My favorite was the Cesar salad and onion ceviche. I wasn't about to get any rice or beans because the cheese bread at the table was TDF!!! So cheesy and warm!! I ate all of it and only left one piece for the bf. And of course the meats!! They were amazing! The filet minion and flank steak was our favorite. Perfect medium! Moist and juicy. You could really get the true flavors of the meat itself. The sausage and lamb chops were so full of flavor. I didn't get to taste the ribs or chicken, but the bf enjoyed them as well.  I have enjoyed myself every time I have dined at this establishment. When I am in the mood for some meat, I know that I will not be disappointed here.
5	The best dining experience we have had in Vegas so far . The service was very friendly and if you go hungry , something is wrong . Well worth the money !
5	Really fun experience and AWESOME food!! One of my favorite spots!
5	Don't waste your time at the casino buffets if you want AYCE.  Go here instead.  Perfectly cooked meats, and good quality meats at that.  Legit salad bar that destroys any casino salad bar.SO MUCH MEAT.  Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to the meat bonanza that is Texas de Brazil.Also, go for lunch if you can.  Its cheaper and you don't really miss out on much.  Don't forget to sign up for the e-club as well, because you get a 2-for-1 on your birthday!
5	Very delicious food here!, try the Bacon Wrapped Chicken Breast, OMG!
5	Went here last night with another couple.  I had to throw a fit with my husband to get him to go here but I think he's glad I did!!  This place is huge inside and decorated very nice.  They have a salad bar which surprised me and it was AMAZING.  They had so much stuff on it, stuff that you'd never even think about,and the meats they serve are HOT and delish..  If your on a low carb diet I would imagine this would be heaven for you.  Not sure about the marinades but they have tons of different meats that they bring to the table and trim off for you.  The bacon wrapped Filet was fabulous, top sirloin was really tasty too.  Chicken was tender and flavorful. They served leg of lamb, pork, and all kinds of other stuff too. I cant wait to take my parents here too eat.  I cant wait to go back myself!!  there were 4 of us in our party and 3 of us had 1 round of drinks and one had 2 drinks.  We all ordered the full menu and our bill was $262.  They do offer a "lite" menu and that just includes the salad bar, but do yourself a favor and pay the extra and get the whole thing (if you like meat that is)!!  This place is great!! The only thing I'd say is if your looking for a quiet date place where you dont have the server around too much, then this place wouldnt fit that, becuase they come around a lot and offer the meats.
5	Simply delicious, Everytime I go to Vegas, I stop by here to get my meat fest on
5	The best food and service. The lamb is to die for and the lobster bisque is delicious. I am never disappointed. Although the prices for the drinks and high the food is worth it.
4	First thing, if you are planning to eat here make sure to sign up for their rewards club.  You'll get an of instant coupon for $25 off (sometimes it changes) and future offers for discounted meals.  The buffet at dinner time is 50 dollars for all you can eat.The actual buffet area has quite a few nice items.  I try not to fill up on too many of them so I can get my moneys worth on meat, but there is definitely room for some nice cheese and a few sauteed mushrooms, which go great with the meats I might add.My personal favorite meats are the Beef Rib, Filet (rare of course), and lamb chop.  The Lamb Leg was the only thing I didn't particularly like as it was a bit too gamy for my tastes.  If you want to request something specific you can ask your waiter and he will normally help you out.  On that note the only real trick I have about coming here is to try to make a reservation about 30 minutes before closing.  This still gives you plenty of time to eat as the kitchen still produces food for 30 or more minutes after closing, but things are settling down so you have much more chance to just ask anyone around to get you whatever you would like.  I've been 3 times and the 2 times I went towards the end of the night the meal was significantly more enjoyable.
5	Oh holy cow!! This place is the best. Better than Fogo IMHO.  Went here to celebrate my new job with my husband. The cold bar was delicious, though I didn't love the roasted garlic as it wasn't soft as I had hoped. The meat was top notch, as expected.  The top sirloin, first cut, is the best.  The beef rib was soft, flavorful, and had just enough fat and salt to be perfect!!!  The service was also fantastic.  We will be back when we are there next.
5	i came here a while ago with my brother and his girlfriend and we left stuffed to the top! this place is amazing. they have people come around with different meat selections and make you want to try everything! i had never been to a Brazilian steakhouse so they explained it all to me. you get a card with red and green sides. of course red means stop and green means GO!!!! you get to make your way to the salad bar which has a variety of different salads and bread and cheese and cold meats.. then the fun begins. when you turn your card over to green one at a time a server will bring delicious meat to your table. they cut it right in front of you or just drop it on your place. AMAZING. they have waiters, of course, that come and check on you and fill your drinks but they don't to the greatness the servers do. :) it was a really fun and delicious experience.
5	Excellent meats.  If you want lower quality meats like flank steak, they have that but it's not as good at the minion or lamb.  the lamb chops were perfect.  The leg of lamb was a little gamey.  service was great.  as fast as you could shovel it in your mouth is how fast they had another piece of me sitting on your plate.
3	Great meat and great food! Ambience is awesome!  It was my daughter's 20th birthday when we went there and we told them. They were sweet enough to bring us a "happy birthday" slice of cheesecake with a candle when we were done BUT when we got the bill, the cheesecake that they served was in the bill! I did not even know how to react to that..why serve us a cheesecake that we did not order and then charge us for it? But the food here is so delish!!
3	The food here is tasty and unusual, but I would have a hard time saying it was gourmet.  Certainly there is quantity, but I would argue that the quality is less than perfect.  Of the meats, I'd suggest the chicken/bacon combo was the best, while the others were hit and miss.  The salad bar was remarkable insofar as salad bars are concerned, with offerings both unusual and creative:  buffalo mozerella, marinated onions, grilled mushrooms, salmon, and lobster bisque.  We were here with a large group and the format worked well for our food, but our drinks were tardy and ill prepared.
4	Very good food;  excellent service. The salad and side bar is full of fresh and unique items. The meats are very good-tender and flavorful. The flank steak is the most flavorful and is my favorite. The bacon-wrapped filet melts in your mouth. Our service was excellent-drinks always full, server made sure to send over the meats we were waiting for. Overall a very nice dining experience.
2	This was our 3rd time to this restaurant and we were supremely let down and won't return to this location.We've been to 3 locations, Yonkers, Aruba and Las Vegas, all multiple times. This most recent experience was very disappointing. The main two downfalls were the service and food quality. 1. Service: The entire meal felt very rushed, especially for 6pm on a Wednesday.  For us, it's all about the experience; eating good food and staying out of the casinos! Unfortunately, the servers rapidly kept coming to our table, and one was in such a rush, he whipped the lamb around so fast that we had pieces of meat and au ju on our table for the remainder of the night. Also, one time around, instead of thin slices of flank steak, the server cut off a huge hunk of meat and it took up a majority of my husband's plate, not very appetizing! The waiter seemed very overwhelmed, unwelcoming, and barely paid our table any attention. 2. Food quality: on our visit, we experienced dry pork tenderloin, tough flank steak (those are the main two that stand out). The best cut of meat was the top sirloin,  however, it was very salty. Why 2 stars you ask? Because their sangria is phenomenal!!  A visit to Texas de Brazil is often the highlight of our trip, and worth the cab fare from the Strip to get there. Regrettably, for us, that is no longer the case. Save yourself time and can fare and visit a steakhouse on the strip.
5	I love this place but be careful you WILL overeat! Also, making reservations is better than not! And eat the meat and not the salad bar or you won't get your money's worth!
4	Great food. Great atmosphere. The Salad Bar is great but the Service is Rushed, maybe to clear the tables because they are so busy. If they Slow the rush so that I could give this great restaurant 5 stars.
5	Salad bar is good. Meat sweats garun-teed! The staff is very good and make sure that youi have everything that you need. Don't fill up on the salad bar before the meat train pulls into the station.
2	I loved Texas de Brazil, Las Vegas. The staff was friendly, food and drinks delicious! The salad bar had a variety of choices and the meats melted in my mouth. The sangria was very good. Even though I enjoyed my dining experience, I had to give it 2 stars because I had a Bridesmaids moment. It was really bad! If you've seen the movie Bridesmaids, you'll understand.
2	Came here for a client dinner at the clients request.  The salad bar is top notch,  The meat was all very good, but a bit salty for my liking.  I went home with a really bad belly ache and later substantial gastrointestinal distress.  I woke up and decided to become vegetarian.  Unless meat is totally your thing, avoid this place.
5	Went to Texas De Brazil Steakhouse for dinner for the first time and it was such wonderful experience  Although I dont eat meat, they have an amazing salad bar with sushi & shrimp & salmon ( which I do eat :) ) grilled veggies and cheeses and more ; just delicious  Definitely I recomend it ; especially Richard he was such an attentive and awesome waiter The gauchos walk around going from table to table serving you meat. The whole experience was just amazing!!!
5	We love this restaurant. The service is great and the food is amazing. The salad bar is a meal in itself and you can do it as the light meal. But, when meat starts rolling through the light meal goes out the window.
3	Had my 30th bday party here last October 2013. We had a party of 14 and reservations were made and were treated and sat accordingly. Food was amazing. This would be my 5th Brazilian steakhouse experience and it would rank 2nd behind greenfield in Long Beach,Ca. They have brisket :)   But this place is a close 2nd. The filet was great along with the skirt steak. The only reason I removed stars is because they would not allow us to eat my girlfriends homemade birthday cupcakes that we brought through tsa and multiple cab rides just to get them to the dinner table . They wanted to charge us a $4 per person for a dessert serving fee even they would not be serving it. I understand bringing your own dessert losses revenue but we just spent $800 at your restaurant, exceptions could have been made. I even went to the mgr but he explained the same thing as the waiter I asked. Other then that, the food and experience made the birthday dinner great. I would return, but not on my birthday. ;)
4	Our staff had their appreciation dinner here and enjoyed it very much.  Food was great.  It was a little difficult to have long conversations however when the servers kept interrupting with the meat choices.  All in all was very good.
4	We frequent this place often for special occasions. I've brought our staff and their spouses for dinner in the private glass room and it was an amazing time together. It's inexpensive when you buy the VIP dining card and it shows your employees value. Sign up on their email list and get 2 for 1 coupons for your birthday and anniversary. The food is amazing (although some of the meats were salty for my taste because I don't usually cook with salt), the salad bar is way better than Pampas, the mash potatoes help absorb/neutralize the salt, the fried bananas were awesome enough to be dessert. Great place but don't come here if you're looking for a quiet romantic dinner because it's LOUD, really NOISY, and full of life.  Uninterrupted conversations are difficult because the servers keep coming to your table with meat along with your table server with water and accompaniments. I would have given it 5-stars but because of the noise factor and frequent interruption it was hard to enjoy conversations. If you go for the quality of the food you won't be disappointed, but if you go for quality of conversation you might get frustrated. Anyways, we will return for the great service and quality of food.
4	We received a gift card for Texas de Brazil and decided to use it last night, Saturday April 13, 2004.  First, I would strongly recommend making a reservation.  The two times I've come to this location the restaurant has been very busy.  The setup for food in the restaurant is a single price for your meal.  You have access to a large salad bar, which has many options besides just salad.  There is shrimp salad, couscous, cucumber salad, salmon, meats and cheeses like you would have in antipasto, asparagus, sugar snap peas, hearts of palm, green beans, and many other items. Everything we tried we enjoyed.  My favorite items on the salad bar were the cucumber salad and the green beans.  In addition to the salad bar, your meal comes with garlic mashed potatoes (fan-tas-tic!), a basket of cheese bread rolls (again, fan-tas-tic!), and sweet fried plantains (I've been told you are supposed to eat a bite of these to clear the palate). The meats are brought around to the table on skewers and offered in small individual portions.  You can take as much as you want.  There's chicken, shank steak, filet mignon, bacon wrapped filet mignon, sirloin, pork loin, lamb chops, sausage, and a number of others.  The filet mignon and the pork loin were my favorites.  So very flavorful, moist, and savory.  We didn't have the room for dessert, but on my first visit I had the chocolate cake, which was definitely worth making extra room for.A couple of things to note if you've never been to the restaurant.  The signature alcoholic beverage The Caipirinha is very strong.  If you do not like the taste of alcohol I would recommend avoiding the drink.  Although it does taste good, the alcohol is very potent.  Also, be aware that you are not allowed to take home any of the food you do not eat, so ensure that you only get what you can eat.I would definitely recommend this restaurant.  The meats are very well flavored and cooked.  The setup is different any enjoyable.  The atmosphere is very comfortable and would make a great place for a romantic date.
5	I was 50/50 between Fogo de Chao and Texas de Brazil but I'm going to say I like Texas de Brazil slightly more than Fogo de Chao their salad bar is much bigger and has way more to choose from so delicious. And the meat TDF!#TIP if not big on all kinds of meats.  I was 90% full with the great stuff at salad bar...saves ya at leas 20 25 on bill... I still got some meats but boy I was in a food coma after that lol
5	OMG meat heaven! I don't even care that this place is a chain, because this place is top notch. I highly recommend a reservation because this place can get busy, and who wants to wait for their unlimited meat-fest Brazilian style? Your Brazilian adventure is broken up into two parts: the buffet and the meat. Their dinner buffet has a ton of things from salad to salami to sushi, to lobster bisque. You could literally fill yourself up on the buffet alone. But you are going to want to try one of everything that the servers walk by with delicious meats from lamb to chicken to filet. You can pick what kind of cut you want, from medium to well done and they slice it off for you. My personal favorites are the leg of lamb and filet. Plus the best part is that you can say no to everything and yes to only the type of meat you want. And you can eat until you explode!It is worth noting that they have a generous military discount. The service is always top notch, and the ambiance is just perfect. I only come here for special occasions since it can be pricey, but it is worth every penny. I have been to a few Brazilian Steakhouses, and this is by far the best one.
5	This place was delicious. I enjoyed every meat I tried and all the side dishes were fantastic as well. Even if I didn't eat meat I would have been satisfied with the large selection of appetizers, salads and soups. Definitely making a trip back here.
4	I'm still a fan of Texas De Brazil but after lunch there today, I was pretty insulted when my check arrived and the recommended gratuity (you know, 15% is this much, 18% and so on...) at the bottom of the check was circled.  Plus the gratuity wasn't even accurate because kids were half-priced and the gratuity included them as full priced. Las Vegas is full of people who work in the hospitality business and I usually leave 30% but after being insulted and forced to look at the recommended gratuity, I just left 20.  Management needs to tell their servers to stop begging for tips.  Good service ensures good tips.
3	I wasn't too impressed with the meat here. It seems that all the brazilian bbq places I've gone to over the last 5 years have progressively gotten worse in their quality. It's either too dry, or too salty. Maybe the meat isn't so good. My fave cut is usually the Picanha. I wasn't too impressed. I think my fave item was the quinoa salad (i know, i know), and the cheese. Service was good, and the place is ginormous. I'm not sure if I'll go back if I had a choice.
2	*This is an afte review edit. I woke up after eating  here feeling so sick. I've been throwing up all morning. Not cool.  *I took my dad and roommate here for my last night in Las Vegas. They loved it. The staff was friendly and helpful. The meat was delicious, my only complaint was it was a little too salty. I love the salad bar as the lobster bisque is very yummy. It's like butter in your mouth. The mashed potatoes they give you with the meat is so smooth and full of flavor. I was the only one who ate it as the boys preferred more meat instead of potatoes. :) more for me! My only suggestion is to not fill up at the salad bar so you have plenty of room for meat! We also somehow had room for dessert, our second stomach opened up. It wasn't anything overly special but it was good, I think I was just so full by the time we got dessert.
5	Amazing experience! I've been here a few times, and each time it gets better and better. Start out with the salad bar, but I try to be careful not to fill up on cheese and salad. Standouts for me are the Manchego cheese wheel, smoked provolone, cherry peppers, and of course I love the Caesar salad with fresh grated Parmigiano cheese on top.Now on to the meats... so yummy. I have to admit I was so busy enjoying everything that I failed to make sure I knew exactly what meats I was eating. My absolute favorite selection is the beef ribs. It was by far the most tender meat... seriously so delicious. I couldn't get enough! I also really enjoyed the filet. It's so easy to gorge yourself on everything. My boyfriend really liked the Parmesan crusted chicken, but honestly, I learned something about myself... Once I've eaten a great piece of red meat, I don't see any reason to eat chicken. Next time I need to remember to try the chicken pieces first. There was another great cut of meat that I loved, but I'm not sure what kind. They serve it with three round cuts of meat on the skewer, and when they slice it off it comes out in a sort of circle. It is charred on the outer edge, with a layer of fat followed by the red meat inside. It was so flavorful. I'm usually a little wary of fatty pieces, but this was out of this world. My boyfriend ordered a bloody mary and I got the red sangria. Both of us were really happy with our choice. We also splurged and ordered two desserts because we couldn't agree. He ordered the key lime and I got the bananas fosters pie. I thought mine was absolutely delicious, but of course he thought his was better. Both were really good. Side note: the hostess was not very friendly. She didn't smile or seem to be very welcoming. I just expect to be greeted with a smiling, happy face when I walk into a restaurant. She was all business, not rude, but very serious.
5	Amazing!!  Best steak I ever had.. its hard to turn down what they offer you because its so good.Definitely worth the price. Salad bar is awsome.(:
1	Be careful when you enter.  The doors are very heavy and the edges are sharp.  If you are not strong the door can come back and stab you in the leg.My family visited this location for dinner.  My 20 year old sister in law had the door hit her in her boot.  It ripped a hole straight through her boot and her sock and ripped a hole in her foot.  She was bleeding everywhere.  Her foot was messed up for two weeks, and it still is.We alerted the manager to the issue and he forwarded us off to the corporate office as if we wanted a pay day.  What are they going to reimburse us for?  A band-aid?  No one even said sorry.The corporate office didnt even call us, they automatically forwarded us to an insurance adjuster who later sent a letter that we received today, stating that the door is not hazardous because they inspected it and there are no sharp edges.We visit Texas De Brazil 2 times each month and have done so for the past 2 years.  Because of this situation and the obvious lack of care for their customers, we will not be going back.  We never asked for any money.  The least they could do is, for someone to acknowledge that a mistake was made, buy the girl a new shoe, and treat her to dinner.If you do visit, don't get hurt, because you will probably bleed out on the floor, while the employees watch and pretend like it never happened. Hurry up and file down the door before the insurance adjuster shows up!  I have a catering business myself, and this is not the way we or anyone else should ever treattreat loyal customers.Im taking my business to fogos.
5	The service was great. Food was very good. Thankful to come here after such a bad experience at via Brazil. Will definitely be back. Would give 6 starts if I could. Peter out server was awesome.
5	I was there this week... and all the cuts of meat and flavor is very good, but; I think the best thing there is mashed potatoes and desserts. Good service. I'll be see you soon. Maybe on this week.
5	We went. Aprox 20 ladies. And the service was excellent. Food delicious.  Thank you Texas de Brazil
5	The entire experience was exceptional! Excellent and tender meats, a huge variety from their salad bar a perfect service! Definitely will be back. Prices are good for Las Vegas!
5	Richard was our server, fantastic young man and a master of his craft. The food was delicious+.  They deserve nothing short of 5 stars for both service and food preparation.
5	Incredible food, service was on point, and classy, fun atmosphere. Great for a group or for a date.
3	I came here with my family and we had an amazing dinner , food was delicious , I would give 5 stars but I can't ,due to the fact the I saw a  Roach under the table ): . I will definitely come back here again .
5	There is no question that this is really my favorite restaurant! The food and service are usually fantastic. I recently got sick after eating there, but to be honest it was really because I couldn't stop myself and ended up over eating. So if you can manage better self-control than I did in my recent visit, and you love meat, then this too may become your favorite restaurant!
5	Number Brazilian QQB in town
5	We went there for our first time with some friends and it just replaced Disney as the happiest place on earth.If you like salads, there is am extensive salad bar of your favorite veggies.As for the main course, imagine a buffet where the buffet comes to you...Awesome right. You are the main attraction and various pieces of meats arrive to your table  to get your attention.My favorite is the flank steak but everything is delicious.Although it may be a bit pricey, it is definitely worth it.
5	Visit every time we're in Vegas now.  THE place for meat eaters.  I mean SERIOUS meat eaters.  They have a really great salad bar too if that's your thing. I make sure to come here hungry.  I grab a big heap of their Jasmine rice, topped with their onion/cilantro/lemon juice mix and then keep the meat coming.  My favorite is the Picanha steak.  Once I'm done, I roll my happy arse out the door.Server Tip: Ask for David if you can.  He's a hoot and very attentive.
5	When I frequent Las Vegas, I make it a priority to dine at Texas de Brazil.  This 5 star review is so deserving, and here's why.Let's get this out of the way first: RESERVATIONS ARE MANDATORY.  This place is busy every day of the week, so don't be a fool and make sure you book a reservation to get seated.The service is very professional and exceeds expectations.  From the host staff to the waiters and food carvers, every person that works here makes sure that every guest is served at a level of perfection.The food? MEAT GALORE.  I pretty much die and go to heaven when I eat here.  The flank steak and filets are amazing.  The lobster bisque is a party in your mouth.  Hell, even the cheesy bread is glorified hallelujah.  If you somehow can fit dessert in your expansive stomach, you can't go wrong with their extensive choices.Overall, I would say Texas de Brazil tops my food establishment choices in the country.  At $50 a head, it's actually worth it.
4	Meat meat meat and more meat. I honestly don't know how I am writing this review because I am in a meat-induced coma. I took my man here for dinner for his bday tonight. Originally we had planned to go to fogo de Chao but we were able to get a 15% discount with tdb so decided to go there. We are both signed up for the TDB email promotions and usually every year a few weeks before our bday we get a coupon for bogo dinner. This year for whatever reason we did not receive any coupon. Not that I mind paying full price I was just curious why no coupon so I decided to call and see what's up. I spoke with a manager who said they have no control over sending out the promotional stuff. All that comes from a 3rd party called fishbowl. He said I could try and contact them but ain't nobody got time for that! I told the manager we wanted to get a reservation asap because his bday is tomorrow and he said if we came tonight he would give us 15% off. Sweet! We made our reservation for 830.We arrived about 820 and were seated around 840. They were busy but not packed and as it was getting later it started clearing out. I checked out the salad bar and ended up with some olives, goat cheese, prosciutto, salmon and 3 dipping sauces for the meat. Only one I actually ate with the meat and that was the chimichurri. It was mmmm good. They also had  a mint sauce which I did not like it tasted like mint jello. And some kind of salsa. Try the chimichurri and u won't regret it. It complements the meat perfectly! I also got a big bowl of scalloped potatoes. Those were really tasty and I ended up getting more later. Our server also brought out 3 sides (mashed potatoes, fried bananas, and cheesy bread) as if we didn't have enough food. I sat down and flipped my card to green and the meat started coming. My favorite is the filet mingon it just melted in my mouth it was like butter. So good! I also tried the sausage, ribs, chicken and lamb which was super flavorful! I was pleasantly surprised. After I stuffed myself full of meat I decided since it was his bday we would get dessert. I told our server it was his bday and he said something like "well since it's your birthday you most certainly need some dessert" and brought over the tray of goodies. Bf picked out the Brazilian cheesecake and it came out with happy birthday written on the plate in chocolate sauce (see pic) and a candle for him to blow out. It was a nice touch nothing over the top they didn't come out singing or anything so that was cool. The cheesecake was damn tasty too but it was $8.75! Coulda bought the whole cake for that price. I kinda thought he was going to throw in the dessert for free because of his comment but whatever its not going to change my opinion on the place.All in all I was very satisfied out server was quick and efficient and even other servers assisted us when we needed something. Also we got the %15 discount which helped. Total for 2 dinners, a drink and dessert plus %15 off came to $104. Not including tip. I will be back in the future just not anytime soon. I can't imagine eating a meal like this but once a year.
5	This joint is exceptional...!!!!!!  Me and my husband have a game plan every time we go here... Try to eat as little off the salad bar as possible to try to make room for the good stuff.. And by the way the salad is like none other making it really hard to avoid.. When u flip ur button to green get ready,, there will be an onslaught  of various different slices of meat... The best quality imagined.. I would recommend saving room for the  house sirloin and the beef rib.. Is  this meat from this planet?? Out of this world!!!... The garlic mash and fried banana only compliment it even more... It's close to $50 per person but the quality of food math the food and they even offer great coupons time to time.. One of my favorite restaurants period..
1	Rudest hostess's at the front desk I have ever seen!! Hatefull & snotty, they really acted ugly when I let them know I was meeting a friend there & I asked if she had already arrived, their attitude was "whatever" "can't you just go look around and see for yourself?!" They actually rolled their eyes at me as if I was interrupting their all too important conversation! They obviously had more important things to do like - talk about their latest dates & escapades with each other! Then my daughter who flew in from her deployment, Air Force, totally surprised me by showing up, the manager & wait staff could of cared less!! She was in uniform & they gave us no attention what-so-ever, no discount on our food, no congrats to her, absolutely nothing!!From that experience, I have let everyone know that comes in town to visit, Do Not go there, its over priced & very rude staff, from the manager all the way to the bottom hostess's!!!! What a complete waste of money & huge disappointment for my daughter, just back from her military deployment!
4	I was given a recommendation to this place by a high school friend after I had requested restaurant suggestions via FB while in Vegas. So yesterday, while strolling the Las Vegas Premium Outlets North, I decided to look up the reviews on YELP. Surprisingly, there were all positive reviews so I clicked the button to make a reservation for 8:30 p.m. We arrived at the restaurant at 8:00 p.m. & the place was PACKED! My husband commented that "all of Vegas" was there. After checking in, the hostess told us to stay close but that we would probably have to wait until 8:30 p.m. to be seated as they were busy. However, at 8:15 p.m. she called us & said our table was ready. Because we had never been there (but I had an idea of how the Brazilian steakhouse scene works) the waitress politely explained everything to us in a nutshell & recommended a ginger peach iced tea (it was excellent).  After the waitress left, we descended on the salad bar. EXCELLENT! My husband & I live in LA & frequent Fogo de Chao in Bev Hills and we both agreed that the salad bar at this place was better than Fogo's, hands down. There was an assortment of salads including the mushroom & asparagus which I loved, fresh crab sushi rolls, Brazilian balsamic vinaigrette (excellent) & even lobster bisque soup! So we piled some items on our plates & headed back to the table. Once at the table we turned our buttons over to green & out of nowhere men with meats descended on our table. Top sirloin, lamb chops, Parmesan chicken & filet mignon.  We got a little of everything & proceeded to eat.  Now I am not a big meat eater, I eat meat, but not a lot of it...but this place....this place had me on meat overload! Every piece of meat I had was EXCELLENT!!! If I could have managed to eat more, I would have. All the meats were great...no, EVERYTHING WAS GREAT!!!If you like Fogo, you will love this place & it is cheaper than Fogo's. Too bad they don't have one in LA, but whenever you are in Vegas, stop in & have brunch, lunch or dinner, you will love this place!
5	The food is superb. . Mashed potatoes, garlic cheese bread, lobster soup and an array of cheeses, aged salami and prosciutto served buffet style as your appetizers. Bring your appetite as the Brazilian gauchos will keep visiting your table if your circular card is green...All types of meat served off the rack. I indulged in the lamb chops, bacon wrapped chicken, and the fillet mignon. Loving the sweet fried bananas. Definitely will save up to re-visit...
5	Outstanding salad bar options.  Delicious meat choices.  My favorite, hands down, was the beef rib.  So juicy, succulent, and fall apart, I couldn't believe it!  Casey was our waiter and performed excellently.  Can't wait to go back!
1	There website sucks. I have an account and now can not make a reservation. There home page has no login icon so you can not get into your account. Then I try to make a reservation on their site and they say it may or may not be there and I need to do something to allow cookies which I have and does not restrict access to their site. So hell, I have to go back 20 years and phone for a reservation. Maybe we will just go someplace else.
4	Excellent selection of sides from the buffet.  With the exception of the chicken parm drumsticks, all the meat was prepared excellent!
5	Omg this is the best place to grub !!!! The meat is unbelievable !! P.s I'm a meat lover  lol hand owns the best place to eat
5	Great Restaurant   Very nice atmosphere and friendly staff.  You will need to bring your appetite to eat here. Very easy to make reservations through Yelp. Will definitely come back.
5	WOW!!!! High-Quality. best all you can eat Restaurant in Vegas. Not the cheapest but the best! Great Salat Buffet and great meat.
3	This place is packed to the rafters for good reason.  The meat selections are delicious.  Well seasoned and cooked to perfection.  This was the highlight of the meal.  The salad bar was not impressive.  Lame spicy crab sushi rolls, small shrimp, tons of peppers and onions.  Cheeses were decent.  Lobster bisque was tasty but quite cool.We were seated by a snooty hostess who sneered when asked if we could adjust the table a bit. We could not talk too much because of the noise.  I had a caramel apple martini which was super gooey and I could not taste any apple at all.  My brother had a caparhina which was ok, not limey enough for his taste, but they fixed it to his satisfaction.  The table for five of us was set up very awkwardly, and we felt cramped.  Behind us was a storage cabinet for glasses which was used to stack plates for the salad bar, and that was a hub for activity.  The meat servers weren't able to access the table too easily, but they made it work.Cheese bread was cold, and they didn't refill it.  It was a Saturday night, super busy, but that's kind of a basic in my mind.  Mashed potatoes and fried bananas tasted fine. The waiter was pleasant, funny and did his best to accomodate our every wish.Overall worth a trip, but I would go on a weeknight when it wasn't so packed to enjoy the delicious skewered meats.  Fogo de Chao gets an extra star from me in comparison.
3	We used to frequent this place quite a bit, but no longer do so for several reasons:First let me say the food is good. Meats are cooked to perfection and the salad bar is extensive and refreshing. The salads, cheeses, and lobster bisque are all of high quality, and seasoned perfectly. However, the last time we went to Texas de Brazil I was greeted by a rude hostess who had no interest in accommodating a simple request (a table on the side of the Restaraunt so my children did not interrupt anyone else's meal). So when the waiter came around, I asked to be moved and the gracious waitstaff accommodated us. I simply want to be courteous to other diners and not interrupt someone else's good time if my children get restless.The food was excellent, and so was the service. Our waiter was attentive and provided every special request of meat that we asked for. I was not expecting what came next...Prices: I was expecting $45 a plate for adults, $5 for my 10 year old, and no charge for my 6 and 2 year olds, just as the snotty hostess told us. What I got when I looked at the receipt was $50 a plate for the adults, $25 for my 10 year old, and $5 each for my 6 and 2 year olds. That is not including drinks or dessert. I asked the waiter why the tab was so off, and he stated the prices had been raised. I was not advised of this, and the hostess specifically gave me different numbers. I paid and left. I didn't even want to both with speaking to management because I was so disgusted with the hostesses attitude and lack of knowledge which cost me an additional $45. The food is good. The overall experience is good, but Fogo de Chao gets an additional 2 stars for at least having competent, professional, and POLITE staff.
4	Great customer services and loved the food. However it wasn't a comfortable experience eating their with two kids...But my parents loved it so I think I will return next time I visit vegas again.
5	This is the most awesome place if you are a meat loving carnivore like me!  The luscious cuts of meat just keep on coming be careful not to put yourself in a meat coma!
3	Ok, I have never been to a Brazilian steakhouse. So I have nothing to compare it to. Although my husband says if his first experience would have been this one he wouldn't have been as excited to come to another one. In other words I don't know if the one he went to previously, or this one, is the norm.  Now back to what I thought. It was puny. The salad bar was so little. I felt it was a snack bar of finger foods. Good but little. The stuff to the side, au gratin potatoes and rice, was cold. Even though they were supposed to be in heated containers. The meat was all delicious. I may not have liked all of them but it wasn't because they were cooked wrong it was just a personal taste thing.  Which sums up this place for me. I personally did not like it but it was a nice restaurant.
5	I love this place the fried bananas are great. The salad bar is amazing so many items try the french goat cheese. Next to the soups there is some cheesy potatoes and Jasmine rice both very good.The main attraction is the Meats Brazilian Sausage so good also Lamb Chops bacon wrapped chicken and garlic Sirloin to name a few and every year they have the V.I.P card that leads to half price meals great deal. This is one of my favorite places make sure you go very hungry
5	Went here for the first time last night to celebrate our four year anniversary. Our server was so sweet and very attentive. She was knowledgable about the meat selection and the desserts. We really loved the flank steak, sirloin, brazilian sausage and the salad bar. The soup of the day was a delicious lobster bisque and the meal came with garlic mashed potatoes and delicious fried bananas. Highly recommend!
3	I will start by saying you definitely get more bang for the buck here.  Come VERY HUNGRY and get your money's worth.  And the "salad-soup" bar is pretty amazing.  I don't think I've seen anything quite like it.  The cuts of beef that they bring you are top notch as well.  And the service is excellent.  However, you really have to be a fan of Rare/Medium Rare beef.  Most of it is undercooked for me.  I like Medium to Medium Well.  The chicken is not good at all.  And the sausage is not good either.  I do enjoy going there though.  Reservations are recommended and be prepared to wait even a few minutes past your reservation as it is busy most nights.
4	We absolutely love this place. We would eat there every week if we could. We use to go once every month, but at $55 per person with tea to drink gets expensive very quickly. You can sign up to receiver their specials, but it's not like it use to be. Last year we received a free dinner on our birthday, but this year it was only $25 off. It's an ok deal but still we ended up going somewhere else this year :(I gave -4 stars because even though they are a busy place, it's not an excuse for the waitress to ignore some tables. Sometimes I waited almost 10 minutes for a refill on tea or for her to just get some sugar.  Even waiting for meats to come to your table can be ridiculous and having to put a special request in just to get meat is frustrating. In my opinion it's still a wonderful place to eat on your anniversary.
5	We love this place! The food  and service is excellent!
5	Never had a bad experience at this place we love it . It's the bomb and is the best Brazilian food in Las Vegas !
5	This was my first time here I'm from Hawaii and my friend told me about this place it's $50 a person but it's well worth it. I had on of everything. Everything I are was really good. I also had a Texas cab wine that wine was dry but not to dry I'll give it a 7 or 8 on dry scale. It's pretty cool how you got to flip a card if you want them to stop by the table you put it on green if you want them to not come you put it on red. And our waitress Camilla she is very good. She recommend a lot of good wines and she is a really good waitress if I ever come back to Vegas I'm going to come back here again.
4	Have been to all of the Brazilian steakhouses in town multiple times. The food is fantastic, especially if you right at lunch. Their Brazilian sausages are better than the others. Where they fall short is in service. They are not nearly as attentive as the staff at Fogo.
5	All I can say: wear pants with an expanding waist band!!Who doesn't want to have endless steak, pork, chicken, ribs and whatever else delivered to you all night?!  Its all cooked to perfection and the guys are constantly walking around.  If you can't find the specific meat you want, simply say something to your very friendly server and it will come right over.  Can't wait to come back again soon!
4	Reservation for 5 adults, 2 children: 5:15pmWe arrived and there are already people waiting. The restaurant looked busy too. We were seated quickly and staff was friendly. Our waiter was super attentive and knowledgeable. He made sure the gauchos with the meats we wanted more of, came around to our table.The quality of meats at TDB surpasses Fogo in Beverly Hills.Filet - melt in your mouth softness with a great beef flavorHouse sirloin - seasoned really well, juicy and cooked perfectly at medium rareLamb chops - tender and juicy, but it was way over saltedLeg of lamb - hands down the best meat I had last night. Super juicy and tender, no gaminess. You could tell you're eating lamb, but it didn't have that barnyard funk. I am very sensitive to gamey meats, but this was amazing.Pork tenderloin - bit on the dry side, but flavored nicely. Good if you could get a bit of the crust with your sliceSalad bar - super easy to get carried away here because there's a great selection of veggies, pickled things, salads (try the grape salad.. no joke, it's weirdly delicious), cheeses, bread, proscuitto, olives... I went overboard. I was in PAIN because I ate so much. The little cheesey breads? I wanted to hide them in my purse because they're so good.I enjoyed my dinner here immensely and highly recommend it to hardcore carnivores.
5	Meat lovers paradise!  Leave your diet and concerns about cholesterol at the door because it's gonna be a crazy flavorful ride!My friend's wedding reception was held at the beautiful swanky Texas de Brazil!  I will admit that I was a bit apprehensive about how a wedding reception at an essentially all-you-can-eat place would be but it was amazing!  After asking for the strongest knock-ya-on-ya-kissah Sangria, we headed out of the intimate and gorgeous banquet room they reserved for the wedding party and out into the salad bar area.They had gourmet cheeses, artisan breads, a wide array of salads, fancy olives, and all these delicious sides to offer and it was hard to pull yourself away but you got to remember that there's a parade of meats coming up and you definitely don't want to miss that!  So after loading up and consuming a fairly modest dish of cheeses and olives, the night became a symphony of skewers upon skewers of deliciously grilled meats.  Oh my.The waiters seemingly danced through the tables and offered succulent and juicy grilled meats onto our dishes and even politely suggested a few off the menu items they'll sneak in for us.  You would think that with a bridal party hogging up their banquet room for hours on end, they might get angry and try to kick us out but no.  Glasses were always filled, boxes of fancy teas were offered to the more modest ladies, and the food just wouldn't stop!  Please stop!  My waistline!  Texas de Brazil is an impressive and trendy restaurant with the most down-to-Earth people --- rare for a Las Vegas eatery!
5	Love love love this place! Definitely worth making the trip, and coming again and again. We came for my husbands birthday, and were able to get a $25 coupon from their website! Score! We made reservations, so didn't have to wait at all. Their bar area is really nice if u get there early and want a place to wait...full bar and extensive wine list! Once seated we moved right into dinner. We have done authentic Brazilian steakhouse overseas, and this measured up and surpassed it! The salad bar makes others look like child's play. We didn't eat anything off of it though because we wanted room for the meat! Protein only for us! So many waiters came with so many meat choices...it was almost overwhelming at times! Definitely a fave place to go...everyone should try it!
5	One of my favourite restaurants! My boyfriend and I absolutely ADORE Texas De Brazil. We first came here for our anniversary after getting a recommendation from my older brother. A lot of our mutual friends agreed that this place was the bomb diggity. The wait staff is VERY attentive. They fold your napkins when you are away from the table and are SUPER on top of drinks. All the food is delicious and there really isn't anything to complain about. TIPS AND TRICKS: I would suggest going to lunch rather than dinner. Dinner price is 50 dollars and lunch is 30. The only difference is that lunch doesn't include sushi, heart of palm, and buffalo mozzarella at the salad bar. I love the heart of palm and mozzarella but I'd rather have a cheaper bill. Lunch is also a lot more laid back than dinner. Not that fancy is a bad thing! It's just what you are in the mood for that day, I suppose. My favourites include the fried bananas, lamb chops, and Brazilian sodas.  I would also suggest getting a dessert, specifically the cheesecake. While it's not included in the meal, it's definitely worth the extra charge. And if you get the lunch with a desert, it's still cheaper than the dinner charge! ;DALSO! MAKE A RESERVATION. THIS PLACE GETS PRETTY PACKED.
5	Talk about carnivore heaven! I was a bit overwhelmed at one point. Meat everywhere! Food is pretty good. Now I know what all the fuss is about. I came here for a friends birthday. We hadn't tried TDB yet so we were all pretty excited. We paid $50 each for dinner, note that drinks and dessert are excluded from the price. The price does include, meat, salad bar, fried bananas, mashed potatoes, and bread. Our waitress was very attentive and was always checking in, but not too much either. She always came at the right time and was very friendly. The salad bar had an assortment of things, ranging from cheeses to smoked salmon, and even sushi rolls. The meats were all cooked and seasoned to perfection. You get pork, lamb, steak, and chicken. All are equally amazing. I will be back!
5	It's always a must when in Las Vegas!!
5	If you like steak you need to go to Texas De Brazil. Its a non stop of delicious meats. My favorite was the beef rib and the filet mignon wrapped in bacon. The salad bar is very good also. Check this place out, your gonna love the endless amount of meats.
5	Came here on my birthday and until there is a Texas de Brazil closer to me, I'll be coming back every time I'm in the area!  I have to say the location was a bit far out from the Las Vegas Strip, even for a drive, but as always, the food selection is top notch and the quality is amazing.  I don't usually indulge and eat just to eat, but I do so here.  I have to shout out and say we had one of the best server's I have ever came across.  I feel terrible not getting his name but you talk about perfect service, this guy delivered it.  Packed house and was still able to not only check on us periodically, but remember what meats we liked and wanted and made sure we got them asap.  Just the best service I get from a restaurant and combined with how amazing the food is, it truly sets the bar for dine out experience.  You must try Texas de Brazil wherever you can find one!
4	A very good middle of the road Brazilian M'eatery.  Located conveniently in Town Center.  A great place to catch up to that inner carnivorous primal foodie in you after a day of shopping or before you catch a film.  Opening the huge heavy doors they creek and it looks as though you've stepped into Dracula's mansion.  Very formal dark and brooding, just what you expect to see in a place that specializes in bringing tender dead animal meat carcasses from the fire to your fork.Tri-tip or whatever the house cut is called is perfection!  I skip the sausage.  Leave room for the bevy of flank, pork, lamb, bacon wrapped stuff and parm crusted chicken.  The leg of lamb was a bit tough last time but the chop was very tender.  The usuals are there at the salad bar.  Pick up some goat cheese, roasted garlic and chimichuri for your meats from there!  Standard fare not the worst Brazilian.  We first had it over a decade ago at Yollies.  Definitely better than them.  Give it shot.  Lunch is 30 bucks before 3.
5	I took my boyfriend here for his birthday today. I've been here many times before, but he hasnt. Jorge S. Our server was wonderful. He made it a great experience for my boyfriend. I highly recommend this place. You do have to be a meat lover though. Come in hungry. Its a lot of food.
1	Wouldn't let me use my Birthday certificate because it wouldn't load on my phone even though they saw I had an email from them and I had my ID proving it was my birthday.  It's sad that they would loose business from  someone who could bring so many people to their restaurant and BROUGHT so many people with them who spent a lot of money on drinks. Over $25? Pretty pathetic management if you ask me. My anniversary is next month and my dinner with bridesmaids and grooms men was going to be here. I think not. They are not the best in town anyway. I'll just take my business to the other Brazilian steakhouse which I just found on yelp that is not far from here.
5	Wow is what I said after experiencing this place. The guys were always at our table with selections of meat and when we would say no they would ask if there was anything particular we wanted! Super attentive and friendly. Everybody tracked down what we wanted and sent them to us, kept our drinks full, and were very straightforward how things went. Of course I think soft drinks should be included in the price and I understand why they would charge for desserts. Lots of smiles and steak I will be back!
5	Perfect place for a hungry carnivore. It really is that good. First of all the restaurant itself is very nice and comfortable. The people that work there are all so friendly, and the place has an upbeat atmosphere.This is an all you can eat place without the all you can eat bad food. Basically once you are seated the server explains the concept of the restaurant, and then you help yourself to the "salad bar". The salad bar isn't really what people would think of as a typical salad bar. It has so much variety of things you wouldn't normally see...quinoa, Peruvian salad, feijoada, shrimp, salmon to name a few.Then comes the real food. Servers walk around with sword like skewers and ask if you would like to try what they have. Filet mignon, leg of lamb, beef rib, and my favorite picahna along with probably 6 or 7 more things to choose from. Everything is excellent. It is brought directly from the kitchen to the diners, and they have every temperature from rare to well done.Oh one more thing that I almost forgot. The sangria is the best in town, its not just good it is the best, get a pitcher or 2.
5	Always a busy place and the food is great. The salad bar is a destination in itself. Great place to have a night out and food that tastes fresh and of good quality.
4	Texas de Brazil was delicious we had a wonderful time. We celebrated my wife's birthday with our 1 yr old son. I love the idea if being able to try different cuts of meat for what would be the price of 1 entree elsewhere. The leg of lamb, flank steak and the top sirloin are worth the price of admission. The bottles of wine are accessible at every price range. The atmosphere is slightly rowdy but it suited us fine as we had our son. We'll definatley return.
1	Quite possibly the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant. I have never received very good service at Texas De Brazil. The staff always seems rushed and the managers are always very, very rude. But my wife and I go back because we love the food (by far, the best food of any Brazilian steakhouse), and because I have worked in the service industry for half of my life and so I can deal with sub-par customer service. But the last time we dined here was the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant. The service was very sloppy but again, I know that there can be a number of reasons for this (issues with other tables, understaffing, etc). We told the server we were dining there for my wife's birthday (a late birthday dinner but still a birthday) and she did not even bother to wish her a happy birthday. Okay, no biggie. Then when we went to pay, we presented the server with a coupon that was emailed to my wife for a free dinner with an expiration date of 7/19/14 (we dined here on 6/24/14). It says right on the coupon that it is valid at dinner time but not on saturdays or holidays. This was a Thursday. The manager rudely said to us that they no longer accept these coupons. I asked him why they would send this to my wife then and he refused to listen to us and just waved us off as if he was too good for us. So I asked him for the phone number for the corporate office. He gave me this number but when I tried to explain to him why we were upset, he again brushed us off and told us that he didn't have time to listen and to call the corporate office. My wife was very insulted and it ruined her birthday. We definitely don't hunt for coupons when we go out to eat, but when we are emailed a coupon for a free dinner for a restaurant that we love, of course we will use it. I tipped the server 18% simply because of my experience in the service industry but I also told her that her Manager was very rude, to which she replied, "Yeah I know." So I called the corporate office and spoke with a woman there. She reiterated to me what the Manager had said that they no longer accept this coupon as it was from a third party. I just asked her why they would send out coupons if they will not redeem them. All she kept saying was that this was the policy and cut me off every time I tried to speak to her. I also explained that the Manager was very rude and disrespectful, to which she simply said that she "can't do anything about that." This is horrible customer service. My wife and I have spent thousands of dollars at Texas De Brazil restaurants in the past but this restaurant will not get another penny from us.
5	Great place! I would highly recommend it. Staff was friendly and the decor was nice. Do bring your appetite because it is a ton of food! I especially like the filet mignon, fried bananas and cheese bread. They have a huge salad bar with plenty of different things to try. I will definitely be going back.
5	Yum!Go hungry!! It would be a shame to fill up before tasting all the wonderful meats coming around!The buffet part has a pretty good selection, but frankly it's the meat that sets this place apart. It's super expensive, but I'd still go back!
4	Came in for Brunch and made reservations.  Note, skip the salad bar to start and go directly to the meats to get the best value.  After 1 round of all the entrees then go back and hit the salad bar.  Food is consistently good and service is on point.  Good for groups, but be careful with softdrinks and cocktails.  They get pricey.
5	Excellent dinner and service!  Romantic atmosphere!! Can't wait to come back to Vegas to dine here again!!
5	Lots of great cuts of meat. Come hungry, personal favorites include house special sirloin and beef ribs. All awesome choices.
5	Simply the best! From the service to the amazing quality of meats and salad bar options! Highly recommended!
5	Me and my husband always decide to go here whenever we have a meat craving ( I'm not really a red meat kind of gal ). So we came here for my birthday! It was definitely worth it, for dinner it's around $50 a person, and people come around slicing meat for you. I have to say the service was really great on my birthday, I don't know if it was because on my open table reservation I mentioned it was my birthday or - they just love giving great service! My server was dead on with service, when he noticed my mother in law didn't have a plate for her meats, he grabbed her one, and water cups were never empty. Our server also asked if we had any meat requests, and sent them over right away. Of course I have to mention their salad bar, if you don't want too much meat - this is the place to hit up. There are assortment of things, sauces for your meat, and one of my favorites - their lobster bisque soup. Last but not least for dessert I got a birthday cheesecake, and my server put a candle on it! It was a nice dinner for my birthday, very pleased. :-)
5	Hot damn! This place is great!I've been to rodizio spots where all you get is meats, unlimited salad... and fries or rice with your meal. Bleh. Here, you have access to a plethora of other foods. Cheeses, salads, soups, sides, sushi; pretty much an entire buffet on its own s'all there. The staff was quite accommodating (we ate A LOT) and even brought out a free dessert for a birthday at the table (the dessert is HUGE too). Obviously the main player here is the meats and they do a great job with them. Some are bacon wrapped, crusted, stuffed or just plain ol beef, but regardless of preparations, they're all tender and filled with flavor. Even the sausage and ribs had an excellent smokey bite. Seriously, come here if you need a food coma. They give you a card so your server knows whether to fill your plate with the latest offering and I think our entire table had it turned to green for a good 90 min straight. Good times. Can't wait for round 2... (in 2015 when I'm not so full anymore). Bonus: Saw Flavor Flav in the houuussseee.
4	If you love meat, this is your place to go. They have fifteen cuts of pork, chicken, steak and sausages. They also have a over 50 item buffet of salad, potatoes, rice, sushi, veggies and more. Not to mention it's ALL you can EAT! Dessert is no included in the price but don't let that stop you; the cheesecake and pies are amazing! Yes it is one the expensive side $50+ a person. But it is well worth it!
4	First time visiting a Texas de Brazil an heard mixed reviews so kept an open mind to enjoy the experience. I had booked a reservation via Open Table, 6pm an we arrived about 20 mins early and was seat within a few minutes. The restaurant itself is spacious with high ceilings and a couple of smaller rooms towards the back for group type sitting. We actually were seated in one of the small room with 3 other tables of 4, but were the first to be in this room, later all tables were occupied. Pedro was our server and as other reviews that experienced him were on point, this guy is very nice, knows the menu and always seems to be there when you needed something, thanks Pedro! After ordering wine/drinks we took to the salad bar which is as described on there website. Lots of variety and toppings to make a hearty salad and a complete meal with the spicy sushi roll, smoked salmon and spicy shrimp offered. The Lobster bisque was good in taste but as someone else stated did not include any actual lobster meat which was a little disappointing. I was careful not to over indulge in salad as the Meat is why I was here.The first meat upon flipping on the Green/Go sign was the Brazilian Steak which was very good in flavor and cooked just right. Followed with top sirloin, and beef ribs all great within temperature as they guys are constantly walking around with the meat on long skewers. I quickly understood why some reviewers stated the meats were Salty, however, I found this to be more of the Seasonings used in Brazilian type flavoring and could be easily misunderstood as "salty" i personally enjoy the flavors. I did find the Pork to be over cooked and dry and was the only meat I did not finish. The Lamb Leg and Lion were both good, although I felt the leg was a little more "gamey" but cooked well. After all the meats, Top Sirloin and Brazilian steak got my vote!, even over the tasty bacon wrapped filets and little chicken drumsticks. I was careful not to eat too much of the Garlic Mashed potatoes and bread, but the caramelized banana used to "cleanse" your pallet between meats was a desert in itself.   Desert concluded with carrot cake and Key Lime pie. Both very good and certainly enough to top us off in the full department. I enjoyed Red wine on recommendation from Pedro which was spot on. Overall I would certainly return on occasion and with the email discounts they offer. Only reason I did not rank 5 stars is because of the dried pork, and lobster bisque, at these prices everything needs to be spot on!
5	Just spent our 1st anniversary dinner here. I love this place and always will. If you sign up for their emails you almost always get an amazing offer like BOGO. Another perk!
5	Wow, we came hungry, then couldn't move...lol. I love me some steak., and the Flank was perfect. All the meats were great.  When it came down to deserts,  I was done. Wifey ordered the Cheesecake. Just 1 taste,  and I fell over.
5	This is a MEAT LOVERS DREAM!! The first time I went to eat here, I thought I died and went to Heaven. WOW. Ok, back to the review......I have eaten here many times (I try to go about every 3 months) and everytime its simply amazing. If you like MEAT and I mean high quality, delicious, hot of the grill MEAT.....then this place is for you! Its AYCE (all you can eat) so GO HUNGRY. There is a delicious well planned Salad Bar that is very good....but I go for the MEATS. The server will bring you: HOT and FRESH bread balls with cheese inside, Red Skin mashed potatoes and some delicious Fried Bananas (those sides are bottomless and AYCE). The price per person is about $45 (adults) and I think the kids are free or a minimal charge. Drinks are pricey, Desserts are good....but you will be too full to eat it..... no free refills on sodas :( ....................but I go every chance I get! I love this place!
5	I come here once a month with some friends for very important "meatings"! This place is as they say in Brazil, "is baest". After trying the other Brazilian steakhouses in Vegas this is the business!
1	I have to give this restaurant 1 star because of a single employee's lack of interest in doing her job. A friend and I went into the restaurant a few days ago to see if they were open for lunch. We saw a young woman working at the podium and asked if they were open. She was on the phone, looked at us, and held up 5 fingers. Not being sure if that meant to wait just a minute, we stood there and waited. After maybe 3 minutes, she showed no intention of helping us or even getting off the phone. She wouldn't even look at us as I made it clear that we were looking for the website to see if they were open. She was on the phone still, now laughing at the conversation. It sounded like a personal call. I asked once again "so you guys aren't open?", and got completely ignored. So we left, not able to dine there since we weren't able to find out from them if or when they'd open. We could smell food cooking from outside, so we assumed they were open. After we left, we took our business to a nearby competing restaurant, and I had probably best steak I've ever had in my life there (Filetto Di Manzo Toscano at Brio Tuscan Grille). I recommend everyone try the steak there. The service is also far superior, as their employees aren't making personal phone calls and ignoring customers.  I would have liked to try Texas de Brazil, but honestly with such a bad first impression, it doesn't seem like it's worth it.This happened on Tuesday, September 9th, around 12:35pm.  I would encourage management to look into who was working the podium at that time and have a talk with her about priorities.
5	I'm normally not a meat eater, but this place had me tasting everything. Everything was very good and the service was great as well. Everyone was very nice and helpful. I would recommend this place to anyone and just make sure you come ready to eat. The chicken Parmesan, filet mignon and beef rib was the best that I liked out of all the selections of meat brought to our table and their lobster bisque was on point! LOVED this place :)
3	This place is beautiful and close to the Mandalay Hotel. The food is great.The service is a little lacking professionalism, but okay.I don't think it was worth the money you pay for what it offers.
5	Where a man can be a man and eat like a dang Viking.  Slabs of meat come at you in waves.  So many types of meats in so many cuts.  A man is in heaven.  It's costly but Damn worth it.  You pay for what you get and then some.  I've been here several times and never ever been disappointed. Lunch is cheaper with almost the same amount of meat cuts
4	My wife and I met an old friend who was in town and hankering for a really good steak, The absolute best part was our server, Anne. She set the tone for our entire meal. She was perfect in every respect. It was our first time and she explained everything  in what sounded to me to be a genuine and very charming Brazilian accent.This is not the place for our vegan or even vegetarian friends...This is a meat lover's paradise, with a non-stop  delivery (if you have your little coaster turned to green) of some very tasty, chicken, pork, lamb, and beef... it is brought to you on giant skewers and either slid off onto your plate in a medium size portion or sliced off a very large piece, like with the leg-of-lamb. If you leave your coaster on green you will be offered different meats every 5 minutes or so... turn it to the red side and they won't bother offering any when they come by.The salad bar is very impressive as well, with a great selection fruit and veggies.  It is easy to over do it on the salads so beware if you want to have room for the delicious meat offerings.I did not care for the "traditional brazilian bread" on the table... It was more like very salty cheese balls than bread... with the meats and all I surely went way over my normal daily sodium intake.  If you eat here regularly you would probably be lucky to make it into your 60's ... this is a special type of meal that should not be eaten regularly.The desserts... (yes we had to try them) were just so-so with the creme brulee getting the raves over the banana pie/cake and the pecan pie We had a couple of bottles of red wine between the 3 of us and it was priced with what is pretty much the standard 400% to 500% markup over what you would pay a Lee's liquor. Our total bill was a little over $280 plus a 20% tip which is surely shared with all the meat servers.Location at Town Square makes for easy parking, easy access off the freeways or Las Vegas blvd.We had a reservation for 5:15pm and arrived about 5:05 were seated by 5:15.  The place was already starting to fill up.  It is a big place and seemed pretty full by around 7:00pm.  It is a little loud but no problem at all having conversation with our old friend.
3	Ehhhh...  Meats were good. Salad bar is alright for what it is. Don't really know what to expect if you haven't been here before. And I hadn't been. Not too impressed but it was good. Three stats due to one incident with the bully style waitress. 4 stars if she was not such a biatch about sharing a piece of meat!!
5	Oh my lord. I cannot praise this place enough. I came to Texas de Brazil with friends on a recommendation, and I paused midway through dinner to text and thank that person profusely for the rec. GAHHHH it's so good! Walking into the restaurant was already a good start, as the decor and set up were really nice. We were seated almost immediately which was very nice considering we were all ravenous. We were greeted with an amazing looking salad/app bar and holy crap, I did not know where to start. My friends and I all chose the full meal selection (includes meat as well as salad bar), but you also have the option of doing the salad bar only for a slightly lower price. Just the salad bar alone was incredible, and my plate was stacked with food before even getting to the meat. My friend who is a bit of a health freak went crazy over the salad bar and thought everything she tried was delicious and really well-seasoned. I really enjoyed everything from the bar as well. I'd recommend the smoked salmon, caprese salad, and bell peppers. SO good. Also, the cheese bread they bring to the table is quite tasty :)The meat at Texas de Brazil is fantastic. For me, the BBQ pork ribs and sirloin steak stood out the most. Both were well-seasoned and just melted in my mouth. My friends loved the meat and I'm pretty sure we were all having a foodgasm at some point haha. The fact that you can eat all the meat that you want is incredible. Not exactly cheap ($50/person for full dinner) but worth every penny IMO, especially considering how much we all ate. Servers were nice and accommodating, giving my friend any dessert piece she wanted since we were celebrating her birthday :) if you like incredibly attentive service then you might not find that here, because we did not see our waitress very often and had to look around and wait a bit to order drinks or request for something, but we had a grand time eating and talking so it really didn't bother us. However, the servers that were carving the meat did come by frequently so that was a plus :)Their sangria was delicious. Probably the best that I've tried and would go back just for that aha. And the mashed potatoes and caramelized cinnamon bananas that they bring are a nice touch. Both really good.All in all, if you're in Vegas and looking for a nice place to go to dinner, I would highly recommend going to Texas de Brazil if you don't mind the price point. Because after sitting down, you will most likely be getting the full dinner option if that was not your original decision already ;) The meat, food and drinks we had were just delicious and we had a really nice time there. I can't recommend this place enough. Just do it, I highly doubt you'll regret it :)
1	Had reservations for 9:30, still have not gotten a table yet and its 10 now. This is amateur hour......bbye
3	I've been to this place plenty of times before, & every time I've been here, I would definitely give 5 stars. I gave 3 stars because our server Scheila, was just completely horrible last night. I had an iced tea that didn't get offered to be refilled once. She kept refilling our waters but didn't ask at all if I wanted more iced tea. Of course I had to ask for it... I don't know if you pay by the glass for iced tea at this resturant but it would still be a little nice for her to ask. I don't think she even asked if we were doing ok the whole time we were sitting! The meat of course was beyond amazing. The lobster bisque is what I look forward to every time I'm headed here, if you haven't had it, you need to try it. It is one of the best soups I've ever had! Not exaggerating. We wanted more of the fried bananas and it felt like we had to hunt down our server for more. After all the food we had no idea where the waitress, so it was like an hour until we got our check. This is the first time we had a discount here, it was something like a buy one get one free coupon. Thank goodness we had that or else I would of been a little disappointed spending full price on the service we got. I'm thinking this whole bad service thing is because we were sitting in the corner, right next to her drink stand. But at the same time, you'd think she would come to the drink stand more often & see us. I'm not sure. I will definitely be back to this resturant because I love it so much, I will just remember not to ask for her.
4	Salad bar is awesome with everything you could possibly want.  The top sirloin was my favorite but everything was wonderful.  The chocolate moose cake was to die for!!!  Good service and atmosphere... Maybe just a tad on the pricy side.
4	I'm so looking forward to returning to Texas de Brazil tonight! It has been two years since I have dined here and it was simply enjoyable and tasty. Not to mention it's a bit entertaining in selecting what to eat as it arrives at your table. We found the atmosphere to be fun and casual elegant. Drinks were great as well.I haven't tried any desserts yet but am oh so willing to tonight... Will let you know. ;)
5	This place is awesome!! Love it! Service was the best. The meats were amazing. The soups, salad bar, and deserts were all great! Definitely will return and I highly recommend everyone try's this place. We went for lunch. $36 per person. Kids are half price. And I think kids under 4 or 5 years old are only $5. You can't beat that for the quality and service this place offers!!
5	Best Brazilian bbq in town hands down. Great staff nice environment.  My only concern was giving this 5 stars was that it would get even harder to get a table.
5	I love this place! The staff here are always friendly and the online reservation works great. Today on our reservation I didnt realize that I accidently picked tomorrows date. But the hostless worked with us and was able to squeeze us in instead of making us wait an hour and a half. The food is always amazing and thr salad bar has a ton of options. Management will stop by your table and ask you how dinner is and if theres anything they can do for you. I like how their customer service is. Great for large parties too!
5	Lobster bisque! Perfectly grilled meats brought to your table. Outstanding salad bar worthy of five stars itself. Five star service. Enough said.
4	Superb experience. Loved the veriety of dishes at the buffet and ample choice of grilled meats surved to table. Even though there is some inconsistency with the meat preperation, it's mostly satisfying.It is also advised to come here very hungry since there is so much good food to try..
5	Best meat Rest. In the world - period !MEAT - 9/10Salad bar - 9/10Service - 10/10 !Parking - FreeAtmosphere - GREAT !All and All - VERY Recommended !!!
4	Typical Brazilian Steakhouse.  You can go here or Fago, it's all the same.  Some people say that Fago tastes better because of the smokiness and/or the taste of the grill.  To me, it is all good.  Just don't spend too much time at the salad bar.
5	Absolutely loved this place! I travel a lot and have spent more money on eating out than any many should. Often, after eating the meal, any memory of it quickly fades into the abyss of meals past. However, Texas de Brazil was a memorable experience, not just a meal. The food was superb, the service spectacular, and the presentation was unique.
5	I forgot how much I really LOVE this place!We use to go here alot, but it may have been almost two years since I've last been.I'm really glad I revisited!The meats, the saltiness, the variety of sides, the sangria! .. I really don't know what more to ask for! My favorite meat has got to be their house special - Piccanya (?).It's melt in your mouth, tender, fatty goodness! Also, their flank steak was delicious that night! They a variety of different beefs, porks, lambs and chickens always in a rotation. As long as you leave your little card green, they're going to keep coming!As far as their sides they have soup, salads, meats, cheeses, breads, sauces.. and this is really silly, but their Jasmine rice here is soooo AMAZING! Maybe it's just the Filipino in me that really enjoys eating rice and meat BUT I can't get enough of it.. That's really all I eat as far as the sides!Our sangria was mixed well and paired with our meal! I believe it was $25 for a whole pitcher (about 6 glasses) compared to the $10 per glass.Also can't complain about their service .. Attentive and friendly!I can't wait for my next visit!
5	Even after being open for a few years this place is still amazing!  The service is excellent for the most part (we had one "hide the meat waiter" walk by us about 10 times as if we weren't there). There will be a wait time at least 45 minutes to an hour on a Friday or Saturday night. The meat is delicious and you should barely take anything from the salad bar if you want to enjoy the meat! You will fill up on salad, which means you're paying $50.00 for it! The fried bananas are divine and work great as dessert substitute.
5	I've been here a few times and the food is impeccable! I LOVE love love the ribeye meat! OMG!!!! All the beefs and the lamb is delish!!!!! Oh and let's not forget about that salad bar! Oh my my my!!!! I wish I had an extra appetite or belly to bring with me! Lol. And the desserts are yummmmmy too!!!!! That caramel cheesecake thing....oh heck! Yummmmmmmmy!!!!! The service is always amazing, atmosphere is nice and the food.......need I say more! Oh yeah, make a reservation otherwise you have an hour plus wait!!!! But so worth it!!!!!
5	If you are squeamish at the sight of carnage, then this isn't the place for you.  Now if you believe as I do meat is your best friend, then read on. This is a carnivores dream come to reality and as you see slabs of carcasses being paraded around, your mouth will just water in expectation.You rookies to the scene will want to attack the well appointed salad bar and stuff yourselves with plenty of carbs.  This is protein-fest so keep your eye on the objective and avoid loading up on the salad bar. There is only two cuts of meat I eat here after having tried all the rest several times.  The flank steak is phenomenal and worth not being overlooked. It's seasoned to perfection and it gives you that gritty taste you expect from it being grilled on charcoal. Although my go to cut is the Picanna (Pee-ka-nya) which is mouth watering bliss. I always ask for medium rare and they will bring it to you cooked this way.  The marbling on the cut is fantastic. With a thin layer of fat on the outside of the cut, with their cooking techniques, it masterfully delicious.  I always trim the fat off my steaks except her. It's simply UH-Mazing. If by the end you have room for desert you are a champ and I bow in the front of greatness. I on the other hand never have room for desert here. If you want some carbs on your plate, serve yourself some white rice and then pour some black beans on top of the rice.  At first this may sound disgusting but once you try it, I dare you not to go back for more. Also try the sweet plantain. Before you move on to a new cut of meat, have a piece of the plantain to clear your palette. If you have your female companions with you, they can just eat off the salad bar for half the price. Bon appetite!!!
5	Top class. Staff was incredible,  food is amazing!   I was overwhelmingly impressed with everything. Definitely a new favorite!
5	It was my first time here. My family had talked this place up for like...2 years. And GOOD GOD was it worth the wait. It is clearly pricey. Just about $50 a head, but for all you can eat meats like beef sirloin, filet minion, and leg of lamb...it's an amazing deal. The food was INCREDIBLE. The meats are normally prepared medium-ish, but they will gladly take them back and cook them more if you wish. Our servers name was Samuel. He was attentive and an all around awesome server. His service and the incredible food is what will keep me coming back!! Totally worth the $$$!!
5	I go here about once a month & it never disappoints! The meats are fantastic & the service is (usually) excellent! The pricing for drinks is a bit steep, but the atmosphere & selection make it all worth it. Definitely a go to spot! Top sirloin & the cheese bread are amazing, a must try for any newbies! Tip: Go there HUNGRY!
5	No better way to celebrate a birthday and honoring Veterans than stuffing yourself silly with mouth watering meats and everything in between. TDB is a carnivore's paradise, from filet mignon to top sirloin to lamb chops the list goes on and on but I have to say the flank steak was my favorite. There's nothing much to add to what's already been uttered again and again about this place being good, it's one of those places you just have to try for yourselves at least once. For me personally, I never get my moneys worth at AYCE places so for next time, Friday lunch (they're only open Fri-Sun for lunch) at about $33 would probably be my best bet. According to our server Adam (who by the way was awesome!!!) There's only a few item difference in the salad bar area between lunch and dinner, but as far as the meat goes it's the same line up. Food, ambiance and service was all on point which makes it a 5 star experience.
5	My bf and I LOVE this place!! Our fave is the house sirloin!!! It's sooo good it melts in your mouth goodness!! Oh and the lobster bisque is yummmyy too!
4	The food here is really, really good for Brazilian BBQ. I loved that they offered Filet. No other Brazilian restaurants I've ever been to have had Filet. So that's a nice treat. The meat selection came soo fast. Before we could take a bite there was another server with another meat selection. So I'll be back because of the food. The service from our waiter left a little to be desired. She was slow with out drinks and very uninformative that there were going to charge us $3.00 for every 8oz of canned soda that we drank.Besides that, the food was good and I can't wait to be back in Vegas for another meal here.
4	Brazilian steakhouses, I don't like, I love! One word: Gluttony! This Texas De Brazil is such a great place to visit but ever since they went up on their prices for dinner and stopped their birthday 2 for 1 deals all at the same time we stopped giving them our hard earned money. We would tell everyone else also who loved steak like we did and they were just as disappointed as we were. We go to Via Brasil instead now, atmosphere and food is just as good and salad bar is a lot more fresh, better selections all around. Our disappointment has worn off since we started going to Via now. Besides its away from all the Vegas strip noise too, a lot better all around.
2	Been coming since opening day but for some reason last weekend was almost terrible. The seating was terrible because my chair was place in a high traffic area so everyone that works there was bumping into me all night. Food is still great but the service is lacking. I had to asked for the lamb chops twice and they didn't serve it until I was there for 1hr 30mins. Some of the fillet minions were also dry. The dessert menu needs upgrading and what's distasteful is that the manager was too busy watching MMA at the bar instead of making sure the customers were satisfied.
5	Went here for a retirement dinner for a friend. There were about 20 of us. I must say the service was excellent and the food was wonderful. I enjoyed every one of the beef entrees. I didn't really care for the pork but that was just me as the rest liked it. I'm not a seafood/fish eater but the group I was with raved about the smoked salmon and the bisque. If there was one minor complaint it took about 1/2 an hr to get our dessert after ordering which for us wasn't a big deal as we were not in a hurry. 5 stars.
3	OK, start off with the +, excellent, and I mean really excellent service from the wait staff. Part of the large cost of the meal I always appropriate to the service alone. The problem, both my wife and I were quite ill the next day, we called to advise them, no refund, no we will take care of you next time, we just got, "we had over 500 people yesterday, it couldn't have been us". Annoying as we spent $300+ over two sessions in the last month, and its as if they are implying we are trying to get something free from them, not the case.
5	The food was exceptional and the service was incredible.  Recommend the lobster bisque!  Filet Mignon and Lamb Chops are the best i have ever had.  Amazing dinner.
4	Service: Excellent. We had reservations for ten people for thanksgiving dinner. They called to confirm the reservation the day before and seated us promptly when we arrived. The waitress was friendly and efficient. The manager came by our table to check on us, which was a nice gesture.Food: Excellent. The garlic sirloin, bacon wrapped filet, regular filet, regular sirloin, and lamb are all must eats! You will get a card on your table, green side up indicates you would like more food, red side up indicates you do not. The servers with meat skewers will ask you to use your tongs to catch the meat as they slice it. The food is hot and absolutely yummy. The buffet area with cheese and salad is very good. The couscous and red quinoa are perfectly prepared. Atmosphere: Fun, average noise level, dimly lit. Good for family dinner or night out with friends. Overall: Can't wait to come back and would recommend to family and friends. My husband actually took several of his friends back the next day for dinner.
5	Meat lovers this is the place for you! I look forward to TDB every year for my birthday, even though they no longer give you a free meal on your birthday, because it's damn worth it! A lot of people complain about them not giving the free birthday meal anymore and I was pissed at first too but hey they still send email offers with discounts so it's all good. It's around $50 per person for dinner and a bit cheaper at lunch time. It's worth every penny! If I had my way I'd just start with the meat and skip the salad bar however my wife really looks forward to the salad bar here and I always end up finding some meats and cheeses to grub on. The salad bar has tons of things and everything is fresh. You can just pay around $20 for the salad bar if that's all you want but why the hell come to TDB for just the salad bar? MEAT! The meat is boss here. Service is excellent and the meat is never ending. This last visit I must have had 8 different types of meat! I'm not much of a chicken eater but the bacon wrapped chicken here is so flavorful. I can't get enough of the bacon wrapped filet either. One thing I could stand to not see while I'm enjoying a nice meal is some lady breastfeeding her kid. Let me say that I have no issue when it comes to a mother feeding her child but I'm not paying good money to see it, this kid looked 3 years old, and I saw this ladies bare tatas several times throughout my meal. I'm positive the bathroom would have been more appropriate! I'm also sure when the kid has teeth that can bite you back that you should give the kid a damn cup to drink from! Our server was great and checked on us often. They give you round cards that you flip to red if you don't want anymore meat and you flip to green when you do want more. They have men going around with several types of meats and are great about bringing you the types of meats you like and cooked the way you like. The bar has really good HH deals too. TDB is well worth the money and I'll definitely be back.
5	This place is always very busy so I would highly recommend to make a reservation in advance or expect to wait 1-2 hours! They have different varieties of Brazilian meats like sirloin,  chicken, lamb chops, lamb shank, beef and pork ribs, sausages and my favorite top sirloin (Picanha) ! I'd be happy if they just served me Picanha all night! It has a little layer of fat over the sirloin and is excellent medium rare. All the meats are served on skewers which are brought and sliced for you tableside by the gauchos, always fresh and delicious. Don't forget the side of chimichurri for a dipping sauce for your meats. Besides the delicious marinated meats, they also have an excellent salad bar. Tons of different salads, veggies, deli meats & cheeses. There is also lobster bisque and feijoada (Brazilian black beans) which is delicious over white rice topped with Farofa. Brazilian cheese bread (very addicting), mashed potatoes and sweet bananas are also served  tableside. You have to save room for desert! I love the Brazilian cheesecake, which has a layer of chocolate in it and is drizzled with caramel. We always leave here full and satisfied so definitely come hungry.
4	After years of living in Las Vegas, I finally made time in in my work schedule to make here one night with my wife.  We walked right in and were seated within minutes (without reservations).  We had a nice two seat table and the waitress was very friendly and explained how everything worked since it was our first time dining there.  Her thick accent made it a little difficult to understand but we sort of figured out there fantastic salad bar...we returned to our seat where we were greeted with an amazing meat selection! They all tasted amazing (chicken,pork,beef). There was only one beef that came out a little too rare for us, but not necessarily bad...so we would deff. recommend this place for any anniversary, birthday, special occasion, or just a night out with friends or family
4	Absolutely excellent food. Very pricey, but for the amount of fine meats you get the price is justified. We went here for my fathers B-day, and were very impressed. The service was great and the men with the meat skewers were at our table constantly. Go here with an appetite because its AYCE. Overall the salad bar area was pretty good. I didn't like some of the things, but there were enough choices that you can find at least a couple things you like. The meat is the star here. Will definitely go back for a special occasion if we are in the area.
4	You will hate yourself the rest of the night but the food is pretty good.  Most of the meats are very nice and they give you the temperature you ask for.  Some are very very dry like pork and chicken but all the beef is great.  Salad bar is actually quite nice but that's not the main attraction.Service is good, food is good, you will overeat and feel like crap but it's worth it. Not sure if it's worth $50 a pop though.
3	Was okay. Extremely loud and seating arrangements aren't placed very well. Food is great. Servers are fast with the meat, but slow on beer orders. Salad buffet was nice and interesting.
4	First of all if you decide to eat here do yourself a favor and make a reservation. I didn't do so and had to wait 90 minutes. I will say it was worth the wait. This is an all you can eat restaurant so go hungry. Unlike the traditional Vegas buffets the main course is delivered to you by servers. You have a two sided plaque at your table one side is green and the servers will stop by with different cuts of various meats and poultry and they won't stop until you tap out and flip the plaque to the red side. I sampled every cut on the menus and each one was better than the previous one. They also had a full bar and large wine list. I can't comment on the alcohol no room for it.
5	Omg this place is so good. It's best to make reservations cause it was packed but I think they are always packed. I ordered a strawberry lemonade which was to die for. Most of the meats were good. The only one I didn't like was the Parmesan chicken but other than that I left the restaurant like everybody I saw walking out...stuffed!
2	Our waitress was horrible. By far the worst I have experienced. I made reservations for our party of 20. Everyone with exception of our waitress was amazing. She had a horrible attitude and hated the fact she had our table from the moment we were seated. Not one of us will ever go back because she made it that awful for us.
4	I came here tonight as part of the holiday festivities and gluttony. Take heed! Be prepared to wear your sexy fat clothes as your belly gets filled. For you may have a popped button or three during the duration of your meal. The ambiance is quite lovely and our server, Claudio, was attentive and very helpful. He is awesome! We ventured out to the salad bar to start. I would suggest something refreshing to balance out the meat and fat.  I recommend the asparagus, palm heart, and artichoke hearts. Very light, refreshing, and oh so yummy. Some Brazilian cheese bread for the table was addictive and delicious. I couldn't take my hands away from these small puffy balls of cheese filled bread. Oh my goodness. The side of fried banana with a hint of cinnamon was also delicious. I personally didn't like the mashed potatoes. It tasted artificially grainy to me. Now on to the goodies we are all here for: Remember, green means go and red means stop. A card placed at your side, flip it over to red when you have enough on your plate and green when you are ready for more. I recommend 2-3 pieces of meat at a time. I came for my beef and lamb fix as I usually have a more vegetarian based diet but absolutely love beef and lamb. I think the highlight of my meal would be filet mignon, leg of lamb, lamb chops, and Brazilian picanha. I would've given it a 5 star but noticed that the consistency of how meat is cooked and brought out can be vastly different. The first lamb chop I tasted was just perfect- tender, flavorful, and cooked just right. Second round of meats came and my lamb chop was slightly chewy, less flavorful, and slightly disappointing. Same for the leg of lamb. It was slightly overcooked the first time but was cooked beautifully the second time. Yes! I had a few rounds of lamb! No shame! Also, the meat is a bit on the salty side so be prepared to drink a lot.  Would I come here again? Yes I totally would.
5	This is THE place for all the meat lovers like me!!!I went there more than 10 times and every time I feel like I'm in paradise :) They have good quality meat and great wines selection. If you're looking for good meat meal this is definitely the address.
1	When we walked into the restaurant, the dumb guy in the front said 1 hour wait, then we found out it was 10 minutes wait. That goes to show how lazy they were, they didn't want to assist us they thought by saying 1 hour it would make us go. How lazy of them! so less than 10 minutes later we got seated, the rude waitress was fake as heck. she did not look like she wanted to work. We kindly asked her for more plates of mash potatoes because we were a party of 10 and there was only 2 plates on the table and the second one nearly done. So once my sister asked her for more she said I will bring one once that full one is done you have a fresh one sitting there. That is the most rudest thing I've heard! what kind of customer service is that! I told my sister how i thought that was rude and i think the waitress heard me and felt stupid so she came back with a new platter of mashed potatoes and my cousin didnt see her bringing it so he asked can you please bring more mashed pototaoes for us , and she was like,  I did already, "wow you guys must really love mashed potatoes". what makes me mad is that she was making it such a HUGE deal like damn lady youre not effing paying for it so why do you keep on making little excuses not to bring more darn mashed potatoes how hard was that for her to understand. She had an extreme fake attitude. The staff here sucked they were fake and majority of them did not seem like they wanted to work! The pricing also is NOT worth it. Its a complete rip off, the food made my stomach hurt. Anyway, it was poor customer service here. I would never go back here again, I got a very bad impression of this place and overall did not enjoy it or feel satisfied!
2	This is my brother-in-laws favorite restaurant, so for his birthday we went to Texas de Brazil........I am so confused as to why people love this place?????????It just isn't my kind of restaurant.....The salad bar/buffet area is okay.... it has some nice selection and choices.....But I am not a huge fan of buffet....... 85 people all reaching into the same pan as you.... touching the same utensils..... coughing.... sneezing... picking through food that is just sitting there under lamps..... sitting... sitting... ughThe potatoes they bring to the table are good, creamy....The meat is mediocre at best....There are soooooo many good steak houses in Vegas!!! You can get a much higher quality steak, pork, chicken, or lamb at any of them!Is it just the obsession with the AMOUNT of food you get, instead of the QUALITY of food you get?
5	I love this place! Ive been roughly 10 times, and each time service and food was outstanding. Their garlic  sirloin is my favorite. Try their chimichurra sauce. Salad bar and other filler items are good. Location is good. Go check this place out if your on the fence. Come hungry and pace yourself eating. Dont even waist your time eating the chicken
3	The meat selection was great, but not as good as other brazilian restaurants I've visited.
3	My friends had a groupon and we went to celebrate a birthday. However, we did the express dinner which gives you 1 hour of service and then you have to pay and leave. I felt rushed.  THAT amount of food coming out so quickly and you requesting what they have to offer not knowing if they'll be around again by the time you leave? Nah....the service was good, and the meat runners were always around. The salad bar that I had heard so much about, I guess I expected it to be larger?  It's very cramped when it's crowded and there's no set organization of where to start, people just cut in and grab things ahead of you, etc.  They did offer Lobster bisque soup, some other soup like dishes, and my fave of the night, the potatoes au gratin! OMG They were to die for!  I saw smoked salmon, many salads like couscous, quinoa, tabbouleh, etc. Italian spread with cheese, meats, olives, artichokes, etc.  I'm not a beef eater, I eat chicken, turkey, and I will eat pork on occasion, but had we come during full price dinner service, it wouldn't have been worth my while. If you're a full fledged carnivore though, you'll like it. My friends said the lamb chops were the best.
4	If your a carnivore this is the place for you meat meat and more meat.  It's a literal smorgasbord of different types of meat. They have a salad bar too but it's all about the meat. I wanna say the only draw back is that's it's a lil pricy and u get some vibration from the airport (not enough of a hindrance to destroy the atmosphere) aside from that its really nice def something to experience.
