5	Wow! What a fantastic meal. From start to finish the attention to detail was incredible. The staff was well trained for the soft opening, the kitchen executed beautifully and Giada was in the house to see everything was up to par. It did not disappoint!Cocktails are well thought out and the Hannibal was a crowd favorite. We sipped on those while we gazed over the huge selection of anti-pasta items. It's a bit overwhelming to choose, because they all sound delicious, but eventually we decided the table would share the dates ($14), burrata ($12), orzo meatballs ($13), rollatini ($12) lobster arancini ($18), salami and cheese platter. Bite after bite was utterly delicious. However, the dates stood out as a favorite, like most these were sweet and salty, but what set them apart was the spice from the Italian sausage. They had some serious kick, which I loved. The aged parmesan from the platter was dreamy, as well.Next, we shared a variety of pastas: Giada's signature spaghetti ($28), tortellini ($26), ravioli ($34), and farrotto ($26). The spaghetti's simplicity really shines with a touch of lemon, basil and three jumbo shrimp. The ravioli was delicate and filled with wonderful flavors from the lobster, asparagus, and tarragon. The farrotto had a wonderfully chewy texture and earthy flavor from the morel mushrooms and distinct richness from the pecorino, we really enjoyed it. The manager brought over an order of risotto ($30) for comparison. It too was delicious, it oozed with bold seafood flavors from the crab and scallops. You cannot go wrong.We had already enjoyed a feast, but the main course was still to come. We had the veal chop saltimbocca ($43), rack of lamb ($45), and Tuscan ribeye ($68). The veal chop and the ribeye were straight from the Flintstones. These were extremely large portions even for the heartiest of appetites. Every bit of it was stellar. The lemon potatoes were the perfect accompaniment. They are smashed and fried and topped with cheese.  Meat and potatoes never tasted so good.Dessert selections were chosen for us. There was a trio of gelatos, the espresso and chocolate really stood out. The banana was the least favorite. Then, there were assorted cookies, tart and other pastries. To cap it off they served a scrumptious nutella espresso that was simply sinful.The dining room is gorgeous. You can spot Giada's special touches all over. The retractable windows are impressive though it got a bit warm when they were open. The photobooth is fun and sets the mood for the playful evening that lies ahead.
5	Amazing all around!   What a beautiful restaurant!   The oysters Rockefeller and bacon wrapped dates are a must.  The lobster ravioli was excellent, it had a nice summery freshness to it.  The Conan "The Destroyer" Cocktail was amazing as well.   (You'll understand the name when you see the cocktail pictured on there iPad cocktail menu).  Our waiter Bryan who was from the Islands and clearly some type of culinary savant, did a superb job.  His knowledge of the food and especially the wine was astonishing.  Definitely a must try restaurant when in Vegas!
5	Wow. The restaurant is decorated impeccably.  The view from the windows of the fountains at the Bellagio are awesome. The Cromwell is a mix of the cosmopolitan and the Wynn having a baby.  But let's talk about the most incredible and delicious food.  Presentation,preparation,and service is all top notch.  Can't wait to go again.  Giada is as gorgeous in person as on tv.  She our did herself with the whole concept.  Not like most strip restaurants.  You don't walk in and see the bar.  You see an amazing display of food. This restaurant is a must for all tourists and locals to experience
5	Had the pleasure of attending opening night at Giada.  Don't hesitate, make a reservation ASAP and enjoy this experience.  We enjoyed the charred octopus followed by the 7 ounce filet, salmon and asparagus.   Dessert was a tomato-strawberry torte.  We even got to meet Giada!  Pricey but worth every penny and then some.
5	Wow I think I just found my new favorite place to eat in vegas. This place was unbelievably good. From the great view of the strip to the fresh pasta and antipasto bar this was truly an experience. We did the chefs tasting menu so we could sample one of everything and I've got to say there wasn't a food I didn't like on it. Some of my favorites on the menu but not all of them cause that would take awhile to write down were the lemon spaghetti w/ shrimp, the salmon, pea tortellini, the bacon wrapped dates w/ sausage, fried potatoes w/ cheese and the trio of desserts. Sounds like a lot but there was three of us so we sampled a little bit of each dish till the food was gone. Living in vegas I will be back again and again. Check this place out next time your going out to eat. It won't disappoint you.
5	I've had the pleasure of dining at Giada twice already.  On both occasions the hostesses greeted us promptly and enthusiastically.  The restaurant itself is impeccable in design and the food and service do not disappoint either.  Memorable highlights were the Lemon Spaghetti and Grilled Octopus.  All of the pasta are handmade which is reflected in the quality.  I met Giada on my second visit and she was very warm and welcoming. She said that the restaurant is an extension of her home - mission accomplished.  I highly recommend going with a group of friends and sampling a little bit of everything on the menu to truly experience and appreciate the restaurant.
5	Had the pleasure of attending a luncheon at Giada's just before it opened to the public. The restaurant is beautiful with great views of the strip. Service was great. We sampled the antipasti platter, pea and pancetta tortellini, chicken cacciatore - all delish! We even got to meet Giada herself - she was so personable and sincere. Love every detail she has hand selected for her new spot!
5	What a gorgeous restaurant and the location is unbelievable.  Giada was smart to put her very first restaurant on the famous four corners of the strip!  The food was amazing, service outstanding and one beautiful place, thanks Giada for coming to Las Vegas!
5	Great service and beautiful Giada is in the house!  It is hard to describe how awesome Giada's new baby is!  From the moment we walked in the door, we were treated so warmly!  We arrived about an hour early to check out the bar.  Our lovely bartender gave us the interactive menu.  We went with Giada's favorite - The Destroyer with Azul Reposado and Basil.  Delicious and refreshing!  Our server was Valentino and yes, he lives up to his name sake!  He was assisted by awesome Joe.  Muuuuahhh - we love you both. We started with Bacon Wrapped Dates with spicy Italian sausage & gorgonzola crema. OMG!  Next was the Crispy Oysters Rockafeller with baby spinach bread crumbs & pancetta vinaigrette.  Delicious! Our third appetizer was the Vitello Tonnato with veal loin, seared tuna, and caper aioli .  This was my favorite - the combination of the flavors was perfect!  They opened the windows.  The noise from the famous corner of Flamingo and LV Blvd actually added nicely to the atmosphere of the open dining room.  Before our main course, we were treated to a prosecco and St. Germain cocktail to cleanse our palates.  It was so delicious that I ordered one with Hendricks Gin!  My friend had the ravioli.  It was fantastic -  perfectly cooked pasta and filled with sweet lobster.  I had the Colorado (my fav) rack of lamb.  The lamb was perfect, melt in your mouth and not gamey at all.  The crunchy coating was delicious.  Our side was the asparagus with lemon ricotta.  Grilled perfectly!  For dessert, we had the three Tirimisu combo.  Heaven!  We order the Nutella coffee which was delicious!  Giada stopped by the table.  She is so amazing!  She hit the jackpot in Vegas with her first restaurant!  We are so lucky to have her!Note: I want those dining room chairs - they are sooooo comfortable!
5	I have been a fan of Giada for years and was very excited to find out she was finally opening her first restaurant right here in Vegas. My expectations were high and Giada did not disappoint. The restaurant is beautiful and clearly shows great thought and care in every detail. The food was perfection. Usually one would expect a few bumps along the way for a new restaurant, but it was one of the best meals I have had in Las Vegas. Valentino, our server, was wonderful. He really guided us through our dining experience, from oysters with Prosecco mignonette to sausage stuffed figs wrapped in bacon to lemon spaghetti to lemon ricotta cookies and Giada's many delicious coffee drinks. Did I mention all the fabulous wine pairings provided by Darius, their Master Sommelier? I cannot wait to return with friends. We also got to meet Giada, and I was delighted to discover that she is gracious, warm and genuine. All that and a great Chef too! Cheers to your continued success Giada! And grazie!
5	Dining at Giada's was such an amazing experience! They offer a variety of traditional Italian dishes, also there is an antipasti bar located at the entrance of the dining room where you can see all the preparations of the bread, pastas and pizzas! Upon seating we were greeted by the manager, Stephanie who was told us a nice introduction to the restaurant and also very helpful in giving suggestions of the cocktail menu. Our server was very knowledgeable and gave great recommendations! We ordered a variety of different appetizers and entrees and we enjoyed each and every dish! Make sure you save room for dessert! That was the best part ;). The service was definitely on point, the server/runner/busser were all very attentive and my water was full all night! The GM of the restaurant, Laurent was nice enough to stop by and made sure everything was to our liking, super awesome guy! I definitely will be returning and recommending this place to all my family and friends :)
5	What can I say, Giada's new restaurant is one of a kind. The interior is very open and adorned with light earthy tones. Staff was very knowledgable and friendly, service was exceptional. The food was simply amazing, must try's include the chicken, t-bone, and sea food. All pasta is freshly made and amazing, we tried several dishes and all were cooked perfectly.
1	I visit Vegas for work and I've been the past 2 weeks.  I've been waiting for Giadas to open for a long while so I immediately tried to book a reservation.  The phone number listed never got me to a live person and when I tried to book online it pushed me out to July.  I thought I would just sit at the bar so I walked over twice and both times was told that I couldn't even walk up and see the place without a reservation.  I will write a new review once I get a chance to try the place.  Not impressed so far.  Give us some direction!!!
5	What an amazing dining experience. Every person from the busboy to the food runners to Giada herself were welcoming, gracious, and so knowledgable. Food was incredible, the view is one of the best in Vegas, and the details in this restaurant are not lost on a diner. We had an excellent time. Get Giada's favorites for an antipasti and the cookie assortment for dessert. Lemon spaghetti and the bone in ribeye were phenomenal too!
2	Food was excellent,cocktail we're good our cocktail waiter Michelle F not too good a little too much attitude,she have me attitude when I wanted my tap transfer to the table.Be back for the food and the restaurant but I will stay at the bar before dinner next time
5	Absolutely amazing.  The tasting menu offered was all the items I wanted.  The dessert portion should have been three instead of six...   All delicious,  but I was so full on leaving the restaurant that i considered purging.   Please understand, I ate that much because it was so amazingly good.   The food was incredible.  The loan weak spot were the "breads".  A loan, crusty Italian loaf would have been better that the three bread offerings, which were good, but unnecessary. The food was amazing though.   Giada was a gracious host and chef, and even more beautiful in real life if that is possible. I had the lemon spaghetti (phenominal) and the lamb (amazing).  Tonight I tried to recreate the marscapone stuffed peppers.  Delicious.  Mine were not as good. Radovich and Victor were phenomenal servers.  I love this place and will be back often!!
1	I was extremely disappointed with Giada. I was so excited for them to open, I checked their website almost obsessively. When I found out that reservations were available on OpenTable, I made a reservation right away for the first time slot available (11 am on June 4th, made the res in early May). I spent the next couple weeks obsessively looking for the menu and reading all of the news articles about this restaurant. In one article, I noticed it said that they would not be open for lunch for the first month... this was a red flag for me, so I called the number provided to confirm that we would be able to go at the specified time. I was assured over the phone that it was fine. Great. So we get to Vegas and I get a confirmation e mail from OpenTable for my res... I am so excited, but still a little wary, so I went to the Cromwell's front desk to ask about our reservation... they don't know anything and give me the number of the restaurant (which isn't the number on their website). I call... no answer. I call several more times and finally get an answer. I just wanted to triple check that my res is still good.... oh no, not open for lunch. 'You made your reservation when we THOUGHT we would be open for lunch, but then we decided we weren't going to be.' WHAT?!?! I had invested so much time and energy into going to this restaurant.... I drove to Vegas for this. I could not believe it. Not only that, but the manager, Nicole I think, was less than helpful. First, they offered us a 5 o clock res for that night, which I snatched with renewed excitement... only to get a call back a couple minutes later saying that actually they couldn't give us that res since they had a private party until 730. WHAT. Let down all over again. Who has a private event on their opening night? I thought this was the night for the public. At this point, the manager said she couldn't do anything for us, that we could 'try to come sit at the bar.' Are you kidding me? This was unbelievably ridiculous. She couldn't even just save us a place at the bar considering they were the ones who messed up? How hard do I need to work to give this place my business? I think the worst part was if I hadn't been researching, I would have shown up for our res and no one would have been there... how crushing is that? How many people did this happen to? I hope this place works on its customer service because right now it is garbage. That, and don't give out reservations you can't keep and never bother to call those people or contact those people to tell them that their reservation had been cancelled. After this experience, I don't know that I will visit Giada in the future and I would be hesitant to recommend it to anyone else. I know it's a new restaurant and all, but get your act together.
5	I went in for a mock service and was really pleasantly surprised. I was shocked how nice the design and layout of the space was, the staff knew their stuff. When entering Giada you will find an anti-pasta bar and a very cool bread station. The service was great the drinks were amazing and our server was really on the ball. I am now a fan of Giada and wish the team a very successful opening. I look forward to entertaining guest's at the bar with small appetizers and craft cocktails.Giada thanks for making a very sexy and attractive restaurant on the best corner of the Las Vegas Blvd.
5	Always had a big crush on #Giada. Martin, Chris, & Joneal at the Bar were all outstanding!  Laurent's visit was an added bonus.  The corner of the bar is a favorite location for me, so that was perfect as well. Peas and pancetta, chicken marsala meatballs outstanding and the wine selections are perfect!  Truly beautiful surroundings & great people.  I suspect that we will continue to read more, and find that the restaurant quickly becomes a necessary stop on even the shortest visits to #SinCity.  Can wait to return.
4	Giada's Clean decor & even better executed dining. Perfect your Italian enunciation! Sit at the window for the Bellagio fountain view. Comp basil, and make sure you check the crocks at the bread station. There's no question about it go with a friend, companion, cougar, groupie, sugar daddy or mommy. The tasting menu sounds good, but one should order the spaghetti lemon basil concoction whilst the other orders the ribeye with a pregame anchovies and ask for the pea pesto.
5	Absolutely phenomenal.Given the extreme hype my wife and I had high expectations, which would have been so hard to live up to - and Giada delivered.Items selected:- Lobster Arancini w/ calabrian chili pomodoro & basil aioli $18- Pea Pesto Crostini, prosciutto san daniele $14- Artichoke Soup w/ mint, tomato & focaccia croutons $11- Tricolore gorgonzola, dates, walnuts & prosciutto $16- Spaghetti w/ shrimp, lemon & basil $28- Tortellini w/ pea pesto, pancetta & mint $26- 7oz Filet w/ salsa verde & crispy polenta $42- Trio of Tiramisu - peanut butter & jelly, chocolate, and blackberry lime $8We realized that it's going to be too much for two, but really wanted to sample a little bit of everything and take home the rest in a box.In a word, Giada's taste should be described as "light".Or "lemon", as most of items above had some sort of citrus flavor. Even from the lobster arancini and pea pesto crostini, we sensed fresh aroma of lemon, and it was amazing.The contrast between the homemade spaghetti (light) and tortellini (rich) convinced us the versatileness of pasta dishes. No simplistic marinara / alfredo are provisioned here at Giada, which is what exactly we'd expected.And the Tricolore salad with gorgonzola, dates, walnuts and prosciutto... perfect balance of bitterness, sweetness and crunchiness.By the time we get to the dessert we were completely full, but were unable to resist Tiramisu per the waiter's recommendation - glad we ordered!It's a great idea for Las Vegas to have a fantastic restaurant like Giada at the most prestigious intersection on the strip - what can I say? Life is good!
5	I just realized something- Folks... as tempting as it might be to tell everyone how amazing the meal is here-- we are only making it more difficult for ourselves to come back and get reservations next time.  Perhaps we should "modify" our reviews with more restraint so everyone doesn't catch on and swarm this place for the next 5 years? You know... instead of 5 stars and phrases like, "OMG! It was all so amazing!" we could tone it down to... "uh...it' was okay, if you are into to awesome food and all that. Meh. I mean, sure it looked and tasted good, and the location was great... and Giada was gracious and lovely, but really... who cares about such things?"  You know, add a tone of ennui to our reviews to keep everyone else away before we never get a chance to come back.  Just a thought.  By the way- the Vermentino goes excellent with the lemon shimp spaghetti, and the Leviathin red wine goes perfect with the lamb.  So-- back to my point- Stop promoting this place or we'll never be able to get a reservation. Let's make this Las Vegas' best kept SECRET! :-) Muhahahahahahaahaha! *evil laugh* ...and keep it all to ourselves!
5	Went there for dinner with friends the service and food was wonderful. Highly recommend tying this restaurant, one of the best in vegas.
2	My party of 4 were extremely excited to visit Giada on their 4th day open!  Giada was present and making the rounds...cool!  While we waited for our table, we started with a bit of coppa, bacon wrapped dates, and charred octopus.  All delicious items!  Drinks were imaginative, tasty, and stiff. Once we were seated at the table, it went south.  We ordered 3 pasta dishes, 2 mains,  a side, and a bottle of wine.  the Sommelier was awesome and choose a great burgundy, but the food...it just never came. 30 mins into the bottle of wine, the server checked and said there was problem and it would be out shortly...Another 20 mins and a second bottle wine...no food.  Finally after an hour,  a chicken makes an appearance (no pasta yet) with a bit of flourish, disappears for carving and doesn't come back.  It's like they were teasing us!  Well we waited for another 10 mins but unfortunately we had a show to catch at 10PM and after 2 1/2 hours at Giada, we only had apps/alcohol to fill our bellies.  The manager was gracious and comp'd our 2 bottles of wine and apps, but couldn't make right our disappointment or rumbling stomachs during the show.  Hopefully this was just opening jitters as it was the first Friday night they were serving dinner.  Really wished I could of tried more of their food....
5	Ok, so we went right back...cuz it was THAT good the first visit a day and a half before. We were welcomed like regulars for a late seating.  Walked right by the bar after the presentation by our hostess and saw Chris at the bar so we gave a shout out (I'd been up at the BeachClub for a bit :-) and, at that very moment we got one back from Laurent as we entered the dining room.  Pretty amazing, that this team is so strong in the front of the house, recognising & treating visitors like regulars.  We were quickly ushered to table #44 (awesome,) and ordered our wine, the dates wrapped in bacon, and the Bur-rata...both superb.  The bread service with the piping hot house focaccia is unique and worth waiting for.  Unfortunately, :-( lobster ravs got 86'd (it was eleven,) so we got the tortellini and the Salmon.  The fish was seasoned/cooked to perfection and I could eat a bowl of the succotash (it was so fresh and delish.) Tortellini with peas was also a definite "ordering it again."  David was a superhero...top-notch, and was joined by Martin.  I'm now committed to trying EVERYTHING on the menu!  Do go.  #extraordinary
5	This place is great! It was a little out of our element, but being a fan I wanted to check if out. Our server was very helpful, friendly and knowledgeable. He made some great recommendations and knew what he was talking about, which is helpful. He first brought an iPad to browse some starter items, but its response time was fairly slow so it was a bit on the useless side. I saw others a little befuddled by it as well. The a la carte menu had lots to choose from. Many options for everyone. I chose the salmon and was not disappointed at all. It was cooked to perfection and the sauce was great. The bread board was fantastic and has all unique items like crunchy bread sticks, and a lemony bread loaf as well as some crispy flat bread. Everything has an Italian name to it, obviously, so I don't quite recall them, but the squid and shrimp starter was fantastic as well Overall, this was a great dining experience with a great view of the Bellagio. I definitely recommend this place to anyone interested in a unique dining experience.
5	GIADA is the newest upscale restaurant in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. The atmosphere and decor is exceptional. A great view of the center of the strip is seen from almost every seat in the restaurant. Weather permitting the large windows swing out giving an unobstructed view of LV Blvd and Flamingo Rd (the heart of the strip). The food was outstanding (many distinctive tastes) with an abundant variety. On entering the restaurant, one receives a tour through an array of the foods that will be available on the menu. Both food selection, delivery and service was excellent. I can't wait until the next time to visit this new "winner"
2	This my first and last review. I do not like to critic a fellow Chef, but I have to speak up when I feel that our art and passion has gone wrong. I will not comment more on the decor or the staff as this is obvious, rather more on culinary side.   My wife wanted to treat me to something special and we went to Giada's. We looked over the menu and ordered something simple, the Calamari Salad, Tricolour Salad, and Margarite Pizzaette, which she and I wanted at the same time to share..   The Calamari Salad came 15 minutes later, in a little cup (did they use an ice cream scoop?). No thought on presentation. The taste was fishy and overcooked rubber bands. 20 minutes, the Tricolour arrived, average looking pile (did they use a funnel to shape it?) The procuitto was buried on the bottom and difficult to eat as they only gave us a fork. Took another 10 minutes to get a knife. The salad was bitter, too bitter, especially since the dates to cut the bitter were missing. Using walnuts sounds good, unless you remember that the skin of walnuts are bitter too. 15 minutes later, we recieved the Pizza, a $11.00- 4 1/2 inch dough ball, that reminded me of my easy bake oven days. Blond and thick, devoid of any pizza I've tried throughout Italy. More like a focaccia with only the center of Cheese and scant Tomato.15 minutes later, the bread display arrives, which much fanfare. The flatbread was too thick and under baked, giving one the impression that it was stale. The baked bread ball with rosemay was decent until you touched the bottom part, which someone salted salted the bottom. Did someone forget that certain fresh herbs amplify salt? What a mouth of sea salt we got as if I dove in the ocean.Luckily, I saved the last swallow of my beer to wash that down.  Culinary training and oversight by the Sous Chefs are VERY needed . Alot of what I had go wrong could have been avoided with by one who is passionate about our craft. No Manager was even seen around, let alone stop by.  AS I said earlier, it was my wife treating me, so her paying for this was hard as she had to work a whole day for our specail date.
1	I was expecting a lot from this place, but got disappointed. I guess what can I expect when she fires her chef the week before opening. the food is very expensive and way too fancy. she is trying too hard. if she wasn't a tv celeb this place would have no chance.
4	Let me preface this review with some commentary on a local "critic's", well, I guess, "pre-emptive" review in which he basically denounced all things Giada, pretty much predicated on her fame. I'd suggest the real motive behind it is her fame and his lack thereof, at least beyond the usual, incestual, self-aggrandizing LV "foodie" circles. My guess is he got to meet her (probably about three bottles into an early afternoon, knowing him) at any one of a half dozen food/ wine bacchanals across the U.S. and failed to impress her with his LV notoriety.On to the subject at hand- the eponymous Giada at the re-opened and renovated Cromwell (formerly Bills, nee The Barbary Coast). While my not-so-esteemed hobby-critic non-professional is correct in his observance that the very affable Ms. de Laurentiis has never operated a restaurant, she does have a very real passion for food that her experience on the Food Network has translated into a somewhat new breed of culinary experience. As for how that translates into a commercial culinary operation, well, based on my experience, she's got the bulk of it figured out. Back to that later...As far as the experience went, the room's very much like its namesake- beautiful, but not in the glamorous sense that pervades all things Vegas, more along the lines of the girl-next-door. Bright and airy, with clean lines, uncluttered space, and sparing us of overly-retro/ ironic furnishings and paint schemes, it's simply a breath of fresh air. The only knock here is the hokey "tour" of the counter space that fronts the open space of the kitchen. Better to let waiting guests explore on their own and have friendly staff ask them if they have any questions with an appropriate table-side follow up, which, based on the service I received, would be proficiently, if not charmingly, executed.Beverage-wise (and all great meals' first course, IS a beverage, preferably somewhat strong drink), this place is in very capable mixological hands. My table sampled several of the cocktails which covered a broad spectrum of tastes and ingredients. Well-balanced and elegantly presented, they formed a great flavor canopy under which we stretched out, relaxed, and perused the bill of fare. Which, with much confidence, our server, whose name has, for the moment escaped me, handled ably as my dining companion proceeded to order from both sides of the menu (the left side being more small plate/ anti-pasti driven, while the right side features larger, heartier dishes), in the manner of a SWAT officer range-testing a new automatic weapon. As we awaited the various plates arrival, our sommelier approached. I informed her of the myriad and sundry plates on their way from the kitchen, and when she asked, "Do you want to go red or white?" , my response, hedonist that I wish I to be,  was, both.As dishes arrived and were placed upon the table family style with well-enunciated descriptions, she returned with both, and they were perfect. A medium-light bodied white and similar red with bright acidity to keep flavors flowing and the flavors did just that- flowed deliciously. This is fresh, just off the garden style cooking, reminiscent of backyard-dining at family gatherings. Except this was Italian, unlike my family's tendency to flame-roasted flesh, potatoes, and fresh peas, regardless of season. Well, maybe the fresh peas regarded the season...Anyway, from the charred octupus to arancini, the flavors were bright and straight-forward. The only miss was a soup that I'm quite sure had been the result of an improperly followed recipe. Call it the vulnerable moment that endeared me as I was happily overwhelmed by layers of excellence.As the large plates arrived, I again beckoned the sommelier and asked her help along the same criteria, albeit with some bolder flavors and richer options, none of which missed the mark. I might add, she accomplished all of this with by-the-glass offerings. An aside- here's the true mark of a wine program- you should find every pairing you need for everything on the menu on their BTG list. It's really not all that hard. Anyway, the star of all those plates, and by "star" I mean Alpha Centauri compared to Vega, was the Lemon Spaghetti. Perfectly cooked, perfect texture, perfectly balanced, it resulted in much discussion at our table about our own recipes for such and a "throw-down" challenge, of which I am a part. I look forward to repeated research outings here...Dessert too, was comfortable, fresh, and uncomplicated- a selection of great gelatos and some amazing chocolate cookies rounded it all out.Which brings me back to my point about this being Ms. de Laurentiis' first go- it's all about passion and professionalism, only one of which can be learned, but both can be hired. This place is in very capable hands...
5	Have to wait a little for your table? No Problem, they have a cute little photobooth!!!This place screams out Giada! From the moment you walk up the second floor to when we walked and were explained about each different prep stations I was quite impressed.The design is very cute and clean and I think it represents Giada to the tee. We came on their 6th day of opening the service was EXCELLENT. Our server Radoslav was really attentive and good at explaining the menu though it was quite lengthly. He explained that the portions are designed to be small so that you can try many things on the menu. My boyfriend and I had to beg to differ. We ordered 2 plates too many but they were all tasty. I did not know what to really expect but I was PLEASANTLY surprised. Here is what we ordered:Drinks:La Strada: Campari, homemade lemon sorbeto, berognoli limoncello, prosecco        very good, pretty and on the fruity sideRiso Amaro: cucumber, celery bitters, 2nite vodka, fresh grapefruit and lemon         pretty, fruity but on the too much of the bitter side for meAppetizers:Bacon Dates: very tasty, just the right amount of crisp on the baconOctopus: lacking a little salt, the only dish i wouldn't order againArugula Salad: simple but yet very refreshingEntre:Tortellini: if you don't like peas you probably wont like this dish but i thought it was very goodSpaghetti: PERFECTION. BY FAR MY FAVORITE DISH. spaghetti and all pasta dishes are made in house. this dish was so refreshing and was just perfect with the large shirmps. I WANT MORE!!!Filet: cut of meat was very good and cooked to perfectionSide Corn: with a kick of spicyness and charr. We had no room for desert but did have the Espresso Nocciol and Lemoncello Berta for a drink after our meal. The Espresso Nocciol was velvet in my mouth. SOOO good. it has nutella in it. Need i say more?? The Lemoncello was a nice palate cleanserOverall I would HIGHLY recommend that you try Giada. If you call and try to make reservations you might not be able to get the reservation but if you walk in and have a small party i'm sure they can accommodate you. Rumor is that they are "fully committed" until October. I almost forgot the VIEW!!!!! Giada in located in the new Cromwell Hotel. She totally lucked out the the view. because its just beautiful up there with the view of the strip. Good lLuck and Good Eats.
5	This is my updated review.  My first review was based on the terrible reservation process.  This review is if the food and experience.Wow! Wow! Wow!  What a meal me had a Giada's.  The food and drink was incredible.  We ordered the shrimp and calamari as an appetizer.  The calamari was so fresh tasting and it wasn't overly breaded.  There were only two small shrimp but the calamari was the showcase.  I ordered the Hannibal for my drink.  This rum cocktail was delicious and the perfect size.  For my main course I had the lemon shrimp spaghetti!!!  I'm from the Gulf Coast of Florida and these really were the biggest shrimp I've ever had.  The noodles and shrimp were cooked perfectly.  If I could pick it apart a little, I wish there was more sauce on the noodles.  I little dry for my liking.  I posted pictures as well.
5	Wow. Everything here is thoughtfully done, from the floor to the ceiling, the starters through dessert.Giada's statement - immortalized in the light fixtures - "I eat a little bit of Everything and not a lot of Anything" is the guiding principle here. We tried a medium sized starter, Giada's choice. Every bite was amazing. All of the crostini were to die for. The rack of lamb was perfect, as were all the pastas we tried. We will be returning.
1	The entrance to this place is very confusing for the guess and if you don't have reservations forget about going in, even to sit at the bar you need reservations, it's so stupid and the manager and hostess won't even tell how long to get a table, they'll just tell you is going to be a long time. Lol it's crazy.
5	So glad Giada chose Vegas for her first restaurant, we welcome her with open arms! This is as good as it gets for a true foodie, and the view and ambiance just add to the great experience. Couple of suggestions: if you go as a group of 4 or more, order a bunch of aps, salads and throw in a few micro pizzas (but pass on mortadella pizza, it was only average), every item offers a different taste, one as good as the next. Then pick a pasta to share, the portion size will be relatively small, but good to share as you still need to get to the main course. We had the pasta in a light sauce with 2 jumbo shrimp, I think it is her signature pasta, it is heavenly, and the T-bone is cut into slices at the table and it is one of the largest cuts of beef I've ever seen served, should be shared by the whole table. Throw a fish dish in, and you have it pretty well covered, but leave room for a bite of dessert, they are all excellent. Top end wine list, recommend those in the Rioja section.Recommend bringing some sort of coverup for the ladies as it was quite cold where we sat. But that didn't diminish an incredible dining experience. It's going to cost you some cash, but most of the great things in life do.
4	Very nice. Got the whole chicken and some dates wrapped in bacon and sausage along with crispy polenta. Service was great. Kind of pricey but hey it's Vegas...
5	Wonderful food and service! We dined early (before 6) and Giada was present, flitting from table to table and keeping a watchful eye on the front of the house.My wife had the Pasta Fagioli soup, while I opted for the Tricolore Gorgonzola salad. Both were absolutely wonderful.We shared a small antipaste, which included tuna crostini with pickle, bacon wrapped dates, and grilled sweet baby peppers stuffed with goat cheese...delightful!My entree was Rigatoni with a tasty vegetable bolognese...its flavor profile was surprisingly intense (in a very good way). My wife's Salmon filet was perfectly cooked, and our side of sweet corn with sausage had a nice kick to it that would have made Bobby Flay proud.We were too full to consider desert...maybe next time.Only a couple of nits to pick...the antipasti/drink menu was on an ipad, which was entirely unnecessary...stick to traditional menus unless you enjoy watching those over 50 fumble around with them. One of our paper menus had a grease spot that prominently marred the entree selections...no excuse for that. One of our chairs wobbled badly...I had to reach for another to replace it...this sort of thing has no place in an upscale venue.We will return in a few months, and leave room for desert.
5	OMG, if there was ever a reason to give a restaurant a perfect 10, then Giada gets it!THIS IS MY VEGETARIAN DREAM!  Through all of my travels around the world and back, Giada of the most fantastic restaurants I've ever experienced, hands down.  From ambiance to food to service, no detail has gone unnoticed. I'll start by saying that this restaurant is a ray of light in the dark underground-esque-walk-through-a-casino restaurant scenes in Vegas.  As soon as you enter the space, you're greeted by the aroma of delicious food, an antipasti bar, a wood burning oven, cooks in the kitchen and food & friendliness all the way round.  It's like walking into Giada's personal kitchen!Then, after checking in with the host, you'll walk into the dining room to find a GORGEOUS, sexy, ambient-lit space with a killer view of the Bellagio and that part of the strip (mind you, you're several floors up and the restaurant faces the Strip).You'll get an interactive cocktail and drink menu, from which I would HIGHLY recommend starting with one of Giada's signature cocktails.  I already forgot what I had, but it's a refreshing summery whisky something.  OK, now I'm getting onto the food, which is still calling my name days later!  The first and foremost delicious thing:  they start with a freshly baked crucible (?) of focaccia bread, fully loaded on the side with any topping you would need.  For your courses, You gotta go for a little of everything.  It's all meant to be shared.  So I'll ramble off some of what I had...the compilation vegetable plate, flatbreads, a side of potatoes, two types of vegetarian pastas and DESSERTS.  Cookies are a must, especially the lemon Ricotta, one of my fondest memories.  Then try the polenta cake.  It has a delectable strawberry topping with a dollop of cream.  MMMM HMMM.****FINALLY:  Can I just give a shout-out to my server Nathan and our Sommellier (I forgot her name).  They were just so stellar and they're the kind of people you'd want to invite to your house to have dinner, chat, and treat really well b/c of how nice they treated you.  REALLY FIRST CLASS!!! *******I gotta go back to Vegas in a month for round 2 so more to come then...
5	Thoroughly enjoyed our night at Giada's. Had our fair share of courses: the Caldo App, Arugula Salad, the Spaghetti and Assorted Cookies. We talked about how every flavor was so lite and clean and very Italian.    The Gelato/Sorbetto dessert & the Lemon Ricotta Cookie my have been the most memorable things of the night (though we are dessert freaks:) The entire meal was fabulous. And keep your eyes open! We literally almost ran Giada over while being seated; none of us were paying attention:)   Really fun to see the boss on the floor!
4	Amazing restaurant with amazing service!! Great food and it has a great view of the strip. Love this place!
5	Loved everything from the decor, to the staff, to--of course--the food. The restaurant was bright (great natural light and light linens) and well decorated.  The windows were open, which was surprisingly nice for June in Vegas. The wait staff was delightful. Brian was our main server and he was great. We had several apps. All were good. The mussels were very good. I had the arugula salad which had a tasty dressing (a little sweet though, which I wasn't expecting). I also had the filet which was cooked med well and I ordered med ... But it was still excellent. Buttery sauce to die for.
5	Came here with my girlfriend who is a huge Giada fan and had been talking about her new restaurant for months. We started with the marinated calamari that was cool and refreshing in the Las Vegas heat, and the charred octopus that was so tender and made even better by sprinkling the Provided finishing salt over top. We also had to order the salumi with hints of truffle that was also amazing. For the main entree we had the whole roasted chicken cacciatore. It was the Best roasted chicken I've ever had! Perfectly crispy skin yet juicy meat that wasn't over cooked. The seasoning was spot on as well. Every bite was full of flavor! The wait staff and even the managers were attentive and went out of their way to make our dining experience special, which says a lot about Giada's attention to detail. It was such an enjoyable experience that we didn't want to rush. We took over 3 hours savoring every mouthful and will definitely be back!
5	I am going to keep this short so people will read it. This is simply one of the best dining experiences I ever had. Keep in mind I love Italian food and have eaten in many Italian restaurants as well as worked in one.I had the bacon dates, charred octopus, lemon spaghetti, and ribeye. Nothing was over the top yet they each had a unique flavor that set them apart from similar dishes I have tried in the past. The drinks and service were on point and the decor was simply amazing. Giada hit it out of the park with her first restaurant. 100% worth a visit if you are making a trip to Vegas, nothing more to be said.
1	Confession, Giada is hands down my favorite celebrity chef. So when I found out that she was opening her first restaurant I was super excited to try it. A friend is visiting Vegas and wanted to check out The Linq. We had already had dinner so we decided it was still a great opportunity to check out Giada for a few drinks. The restaurant was beautiful with lots of attention to detail. And that's where the good ended. We walked right past the hostess stand since they looked busy amongst themselves. We figured we just wanted to grab a drink at the bar so we didn't bother interrupting the hostesses talking to each other. Once we got inside one of the hostesses came up to us and asked if we had a reservation, so we told her we just wanted to get some drinks at the bar. Apparently there is such a thing as a waitlist for the bar (keep in mind it wasn't even full.) We were told that if we gave them our phone number they would call us in about 20-25 minutes once something opens up. Guess what? They never called!!!!To say we were disappointed with the level of service and professionalism would be an understatement. Really it's just plain rude. I guess it's my fault for expecting that a restaurant of someone who seems so down to earth would be so unwelcoming. Giada, thanks to your staff you have lost a longtime fan. It wasn't a total loss though, luckily we found the Bound by Salvatore bar at the casino level of the Cromwell. Great service and super delicious cocktails!!!
5	I am a huge Giada fan, and this restaurant blew my mind. The service, food, ambiance, just everything WOW'd me.... I can't wait to go back.As you take the escalator up, you feel like you're being transported to Giada's home. The greeters were very friendly and if you look to the left, there is a little room... That's a cool little photo booth where you can take pictures. So cool!!!!As you walk in you're greeted by an Anti-Pasto bar.  Ovens from Italy are baking fresh focaccia bread and mini pizzettes, all delicious.The bar is sleek and sexy and the lounge is spacious. The dining room is quite large but intimate at the same time. Tables are spaced out so that each table is secluded. I hate restaurants that pack as many tables as they possibly can into one space.  Retractable windows open to overlook Bellagio, Caesars and LV Blvd. If you're lucky you can see the dancing fountains.The food is what I came here for and all of it was light, fresh, full of simple flavors but at the same time refined and elegant. Grilled Broccoli Rabe w/ calabrian chili vinaigrette: Served at room temperature.  Grilled perfectly, but a little too spicy for my taste.Rollatini - ricotta stuffed Eggplant & pomodoro: Hot dish and the pomodoro was fresh. The cheese was delicious. My favorite out of the two antipasto dishes.Orzo Meatballs w/ parmesan pomodoro: She had these at the Bon Appetite event and they were even better at the restaurant. The orzo makes them light and the sauce was delicious. Bacon Wrapped Dates w/ spicy Italian sausage & gorgonzola crema: I have had these before at Firefly and thought the ones at Firefly were good, but these Bacon Wrapped Dates at Giada just blew those ones out of the water.  Fritto Misto, shrimp & calamari w/ shaved fennel & lemon aioli: Perfectly fried and seasoned.... The ailoi gives it a fresh richness.Artichoke Soup w/ mint, tomato & focaccia croutons: Creamy, fresh, light, crunchy.... Tortellini with pea pesto, pancetta & mint: This was one of my favorite dishes.  The pasta is made in-house over at the antipasto station.  The filling was creamy and seasoned perfectly. The lemon butter gave it that rich freshness.  I loved how it wasn't too heavy even though it had the lemon butter.28 oz Bone in Tuscan Rib-Eye finished w/ lemon, a sunny side up egg & arugula: My friends got this dish and they loved it.7oz Filet w/ salsa verde & crispy polenta: The polenta was kind of dry and the weakest component of any dish I had the whole evening.  The salsa verde was very unique and the red wine butter melted over my steak beautifully. At the end of the meal I had a latte with orange syrup, and a dusting of Giada's signature and it was one of the best lattes I have ever had. Dessert was a sampling and the lemon ricotta cookie was light any tart and had the perfect amount of frosting/icing. The PB & J tiramisu was so unique and equally as delicious.  Overall, the experience I had a Giada's was mind-blowing.  It's definitely not cheap by any means... But, if you're looking to have a one-of-a-kind dining experience with some of the best views in town from one of the biggest celebrity chefs... Then go to Giada.
5	I keep asking myself if this wasn't Giada's restaurant would it still be so hyped about or receiving such high reviews?  IMHO - YES and YES! The ambiance is wonderful, everyone is attentive and warm without service feeling too in your face (or fake).  Open layout, feels very "homey".  I really hope they can keep up the good work.  One of the best celebrity chef restaurants we've been to.  On to the food - would order the burrata, calabrese, pea and prosciutto crostini, and lemon spaghetti again.  Such simple beautiful flavors!  I so appreciated the homemade pasta.  Perfection.  I don't think I can have any other than homemade pasta anymore.  We also had Giada's favorites antipasti; wouldn't order this again, some antipasti were just ehh.  Cocktails and after dinner drinks were yum.  Desserts will eventually be on a cart wheeled around.  I think that's such a great idea since you'll be able to see what is being offered.  They will also be open for breakfast and lunch - can't wait to see what kinds of things will be on the menu then!  Overall amazing experience.  Hubs is still raving about it!  Can't wait to go back....
5	Wow, impressed and doubly impressed that it is by a celebrity chef.  All reviews from celeb places are "ugh, really overrated".  Well done...service, food, atmosphere, view, price point.  Kudos and I am sometimes hard to impress.We were under $200 for a party of four.  We ordered the Chicken Meatballs, which were good, but I wouldn't order again, just because nothing special...everything else was special.  Really everyone couldn't agree on a better app.Entrees...filet and lamb chops....the temperature and flavor on both of these were beyond excellent.  The lemon shrimp pasta...excellent.  The barley entree was good, but I am just not a huge barley fan.  The bread basket was served with this piping hot rosemary buttery bread in an oven hot baking dish.  Butter had lemon zest and dipping oil was flavored as well.  Desserts deserve big kudos.  The strawberry polenta cake was a take on strawberry shortcake, but it held the integrity of the original, but was set apart and creative and fresh.  Very hard thing to do with a traditional recipe.  The jam, the cake....delish.  The tiramisu trio were excellent as well.  Sides....the corn/sausage was very unique and I enjoyed thoroughly.  Others thought too spicy, but never for me....could have used less sausage, only because I am not huge on sausage and would rather have more corn.  Thought the combo was unique and the sauce was excellent.  The polenta cakes were excellent as well.  Crispy on outside, creamy on inside.  Service was beyond excellent.  Waiter was spot on, funny, attentive, informative.  View of strip and bellagio fountains.  Four stars.  Attention to detail in design and layout, four stars.  Beautiful glassware, awesome silver ware.  Presentation...delivered....food quality....delivered.....price point....good for upscale dining.  I only somewhat knew Giada as a celeb chef with some food network shows.  Definitely a fan now.Oh, and I had read in the review that her grandfather was a movie director and that her family also owned a pasta factory before WWII.  Her grandfather's movie posters were presented as art in the entrance.  Classy and true to a good heart....family first always.  The walk through of the kitchen and antipasti bar was also a nice touch.
5	I really was blown away by it all - outstanding dining experience.  We took our time - had an extended 3 hour dinner from antipasto to after dinner drink.  When we first got off the escalator, there were about 20 girls standing at the front door to greet us which was a little overwhelming, but that is just about the closest thing to a negative I can find.  Great service, amazing food.  Try to get a window seat if you're there after dark - great views. My husband and I had the salumi antipasto, romaine salad, shrimp spaghetti, lobster ravioli and spicy corn sausage.  Every bite was amazing.  Fred was our waiter and he's fantastic.  Can't wait to go back!
4	The service was excellent!! Our waiter was great, the manager checked on our table and even Giada herself. When we walked out, other servers pleasantly invited us back. That alone will bring me back next time I'm in Vegas. The food was good, I got the rigatoni and was satisfied. Others in my party loved their food. I would have opted for the spaghetti next time. I loved my drink - 'la strada.' Downsides - There was a lot of time between courses and drinks, as in we were there for 3 hours. We did not feel rushed at all which was nice, but we had arrived by a very, very early flight that morning and I would have been fine shaving an hour off that time. The hostesses were horrible. There were about 6 of then behind the desk when we arrived and they barely greeted us except to ask about a reservation which we did have. They pointed us to the photo booth and did not look or talk to us for the next 20-30 minutes while we waited. They also did not say a word to us when we walked out which after such amazing service by the entire wait staff was really disappointing. Overall, I would definitely recommend it!
5	Omg this reataurant was GORGEOUS. Entrance to Giada was amazing, and the interior was bright and had amazing views of the strip. Staff was extremely friendly and it was easy to tell they were really proud to work there. Here's what I ordered:Hannibal: it was like a tiny fishbowl! Boyfriend enjoyed this drink Raspberry nectar agave iced tea: omg cutest and fanciest presentation ever! MUST GET THIS! The nectar liquid sugar was so good!!!Bread: presentation was so cute and so Giada! Loved the lemon butter mm. Mix it with pesto! YummyOrzo meatballs: so so soft! Came with 5 - they were tiny but a good appetizer! Delicious! Lemon spaghetti with shrimp: shrimp was HUGE! Literally the size of a baby lobster. So crunchy and so succulent! Don't be fooled by the "lemon" because it was pretty salty! But balanced perfectly with the shrimp. Spaghetti cooked PERFECTLY!Lobster ravioli: there was a tarragon flavor which I was not a fan of! Flavor was just really citrus-y and not what I expected at all.Skip this dish!
5	The BEST dining experience, ever. I'm a huge fan of Giada and was giddy with excitement to eat here. Everything was perfect, the food, the service, the view of the Bellagio fountains. From the moment we walked in, we were greeted with warm welcomes from everyone we encountered. We were visited by management twice throughout our dinner to see how we were doing. Our waiter, Greg, gave us great recommendations and even steered us away from a few menu items. The sommelier visited our table to assist with the wine selection. Started with medium-sized Giada favorites antipasti - bacon wrapped dates, stuffed baby bells, veal crostini, pea pesto crostini, and caponata. Even the bread basket was delicious! Main course was the bucatini and the 28 oz bone in Tuscan ribeye. Served with a side of crispy polenta and sweet corn with spicy sausage. For dessert we had the trio of tiramisu. Everything was delicious!We ordered a lot of food for two people but wanted to try a bit of as much as we could. It was an amazing experience and we will definitely be dining there again next time we're in Vegas. Ask for a seat by the window to take in the views throughout your meal.
5	We had such a great experience here. No complaints at all. The food was great. Service was excellent and we were fortunate enough to meet Giada herself!The restaurant was truly beautiful. The decor was so personal and modern. It felt like sitting in her living room. The views were spectacular as well. You can catch the Bellagio fountain show from your dinner table. The food was delicious. It was the lightest and freshest Italian food I have ever had. We ordered the spaghetti which was composed of handmade pasta, capers, and prawns in a light lemon olive oil sauce. It was so refreshing and not oily at all. We also ordered the frito misto which came with lemon aioli. The seafood was fried to a crisp perfection. The calamari salad we had was okay. We also ordered a margherita pizzete. It was so light and airy. Giada's also offers a very delicious bread platter with a series of different spices and toppings complimentary with your meal. It was great. She also have us Italian Basil Lemonade on the house. It was crisp and refreshing. Overall, we had a great experience at Giada's. Everything was perfect. Congrats on being the first female chef on the Strip!
5	We ate here Sunday evening 6/22. Fabulous decor, excellent service and the food - oh my goodness. We had the salami/cheese platter to start - highest quality products. The romaine salad had the BEST dressing I have had in literally years(along with fried capers). Pizzette the perfect size, artichoke soup nice and light, lobster ravioli delicious & 28 ounce rib-eye just gorgeous. The bread assortment was yum - the 4 year old asked for seconds. Our team of service individuals were so kind - considering the 4 year old was being a tad of a handful. We cannot wait to go back! Also - the manager Avi was an absolute gem and truly genuine. LOVE THIS PLACE. Yes, I yelled that. Go there you will not be disappointed.
5	All Across the Board - 5Stars!!!A true foodie at heart - I was sooo excited for our dinner date! I love Giada - watch her all the time and even make some of her recipes!Hubby & I came here on June 21 2014 for a belated birthday celebration for him!Upon arrival we were greeted w smiles & the staff was very attentive...A very sweet young lady gave us a tour of the restaurant as we were waiting to be seated... you are greeted someone making homemade pasta... Yay!The Open Concept of the restaurant is so fantastic - ask for a table by the terrace... that is where we sat.  You can enjoy a view of strip - close up ;-)Gorgeous Restaurant setting!There is a bar where you can enjoy a limited menu if you do not have a reservation... (sold out until mid July) The bar alone looks like a place we would like to hang out in the future - just for drinks / happy hour? - the vibe was very inviting...Now onto the food / service:The server (Vincenzo) was well versed about the menu items - he gave recommendations to enhance our experience.The quality of the food was tops!She has a very vast menu w sooo many options...The presentation of bread was very unique & yummy!If you order salad they come out w this larger than life Pepper Grinder... loved it!We decided on the Calde as our hot appetizer... delish! We shared the Branzino & Bucatini as our main - I would suggest sharing if it is just two of you... you fill up on the yummy appos beforehand! For dessert we sipped on the Nocciotella coffee & noshed on his birthday cake! Yummm!!!All the food was so delectable! We will definitely come back so that we may decide on what is our favorites...Do not forget to take your pic in the cute photo booth to make some memories...Wonderful dining experience... Memorable birthday for my baby!your constant companion,~deirdra
5	Had an amazing experience and had Giada in person as a host. She is not only beautiful but so extremely sweet!. Food was out of this world!. Dates and bacon a must!!! Had the salmon, incredible and finished with a selection of gelato and coffee for a perfect evening! Highly recommend this place
5	GREAT service! Staff apologized for a mistake by moving us from the bar to a fantastic window by the table and covering our first round if drinks. Customized the tasting menu for a lactose intolerant company. Amazing food! Bacon wrapped dates were to die for. Sommelier was fantastic providing wine suggestions at different price levels. Loved our experience and would definitely go back even if to just have antipasto at the bar! Plus a signed autograph from Giada and recipes with the tasting menu!
5	As a foodie and a Vegas local, I am very critical of restaurants in general and especially customer service. I cannot say enough great things about our waitress Brooke in the lounge and the medium size Calde antipasta platter we had on 6/24/2014. I wanted to lick the pot the bread came in, all buttery and delicious and warm! The chicken meatballs were amazing as were the lobster balls and the eggplant/potato pasta was a delicious treat! I am a huge fan of citrus and loved the lemon undertones of just about everything on the sampler platter. I was really impressed with the atmosphere and the food, but what makes my rating 5 stars was Brooke our waitress. She was outstanding; funny, knowledgeable and just plain fun! Shout out to Victor, Brooke's back waiter, who was also funny and attentive! I am glad the restaurant was not all hoity toity which is what I feared, I will definitely be back!
5	The other reviews here are spot on, as the food and service are outstanding. The Veal Chop Saltimbocca was flawless/perfect/worth-the-trip-in-itself, the Tuscan Rib-Eye is a jaw-dropping experience and will have you talking about the Flintstones, the pasta was excellent, and the various appetizers delicious. The main dining room has a great vibe, and it's fun to watch Giada visiting tables and happily posing for photographs with fans. The experience is perfect except for a couple of things;First, and most significant, are the "pours" from the bar. Cocktails are heavy on solids such as ice or olives but very light on fluids. And wine by the glass comes in the smallest pours I've ever seen at an upscale restaurant. For the prices the volume of liquor/wine in the drinks should be much more generous.Second is the seating. It seems the hostesses are adhering to old-school tactics in that if you want a decent table you need to tip them. Otherwise you may very well get seated in the Siberia of tiny, cramped back alcove that's away from the fun atmosphere of the main dining room. Not sure if Giada is aware of this practice...hope not.The restaurant is packing in fans of the show, but to be successful in the long term it needs to develop a core base of regulars. To do that they really need to improve on the bar, as that's a problem. Overall a great new addition to the Vegas restaurant scene and, bar aside, right up there with our other favorites!
1	Complete let down, I can't believe that I waited 3 hours for a table. Giada is my absolute favorite and was hoping for a knockout experience, but I left totally bummed. Unlikely I will return but if I do it will be once they sort all the kinks out.
5	Ate here on 6/25, food was beyond great! Service was excellent! Well worth the price, would definitely come back anytime we are in Las Vegas.
5	Probably the best service I've ever had in Las Vegas. Divine!We started at the bar to kill time until our reservation. Bar tender was super friendly, efficient and knowledgeable.  I had a great Negroni and my wife had a beautiful glass of champagne. We had the lemon spaghetti with shrimp and the filet mignon with crispy polenta. We also had the asparagus with lemon ricotta. All the flavors were out of this world. The portion size was perfect. Wonderful food made with great passion. Our bottle of chianti Classico was spot on, too. If you want a great meal, DO NOT MISS this fine dining experience.
3	My husband and I enjoyed Giada's restaurant. We tried the lobster arancini--delicious! The Parmigianno was good, but very small portion. Then my husband had the lamb which was good. My risotto with crab and scallops was divine, I just wish there was more. The banana gelato wasn't really gelato, but it was a very good ice cream. I loved the Chocolate Amaretti cake! All in all, we would go back if we are in Vegas again, but I do recommend they reconsider portion sizes. Far too small for the prices we're shelling out, even for Vegas standards.
4	Had dinner here last night with a friend.  Overall it was a great experience however as with all new restaurants it is still working out its kitchen issues.The escalator entrance is stunning along with the greeting chorus by a group of young hostesses as you arrive at the reception desk.The tour of the kitchen area prior to seating is a visual and aromatic delight as well as being informative.  One reviewer stated you need to tip the hostess to get a window terrace table.  Not true.  I simply asked and was quickly accommodated.  The dining areas are open and beautiful and very modern yet still possesses a homey feel.The seating arrangements are a bit strange.  Since the restaurant is basically a rectangle topped by a circle  the half moon bankettes face the terrace tables following the contours of the circle thus allowing more diners to view the strip.  However when you are seated by the windows you will end up with four to six people directly facing your table so every time you look around there are those peeps staring right over your table.  It felt a little creepy actually. Our server Frederick was informative, funny and a very nice person, then the kitchen let him down.  He spent 3 minutes selling my friend to try Giada's signature cocktail only to do the walk of shame a few minutes later because they did not have the ingredients to make it.  What!  Restaurant is barely open 3 weeks to the general public, the celebrity chef is in the restaurant that evening and can't serve her signature cocktail.  Also I agree with an earlier reviewer that the wine pours are tiny for $15 to $21 per glass. 4oz at best.  At the Wynn we enjoyed better pours for the same price.  They need to review that part of their service. Now to the food; the bread offering is a delicious combination of sun dried tomato bread stick twists, rosemary scented bread and a crisp bread accompanied by a great selection of pesto, salt, fried capers, etc.   Excellent!We also enjoyed the shrimp scampi with toasted polenta cake, bacon wrapped dates with spicy sausage for appetizers.  The scampi was well presented and cooked well.  The dates were cooked well, the bacon crispy and savory however the presentation was severely lacking just a sauce with dates thrown on the plate.  Plus the spicy sausage was very hot and I like heat.  In my opinion this appetizer needs to be reworked in both taste and presentation.  We then both had the argula salad which was fresh but only good; nothing exceptional.The two entrees were spot on!  The lemon spaghetti served on giant prawns was simply citrus shrimpy heaven on a plate.  Giada's rigatoni with vegetable bolagnese was awesome.  The mushroom mix was so well executed it tasted as savory as any meat bolagnese I have had. It was rich and delicious!  A masterpiece of execution.   I never missed the meat.One reviewer mentioned their booked through mid July.  Not true.  Just booked via Open Table for July.  Way easy.... Also, Giada has wisely served her menu to all her employees so you get great recommendations and they speak with great passion and knowledge.Giada was on the floor stopping at various tables but unfortunately not ours.  However when I was head down paying the bill Giada walked by our table and gave my friend a great big smile and a wave hello.  Oh well.....but I think it shows a lot of care and concern that she is actively working in the restaurant unlike most celebrity chefs.  Plus she is absolutely gorgeous in person!!  I am looking forward to my return visit and will try the antipasti selections.
5	Outstanding food experience including the outstanding service by Radoslav, the Bulgarian service expert. They need to work out a few kinks, but 6 stars would better describe the experience.  Guards actually sat with us for a few minutes!Of course that's Giada that sat with us.
4	Small plates were fantastic but the entrees were not on the same level. Restaurant had a great ambiance and was run very professionally. I would recommend getting a bunch of small plates and sharing over getting individual appetizers. The deconstructed artichoke soup was amazing (5/5). Their complementary bread was worth being its own appetizer. Order some burrata to put on top of it (4/5). Bacon wrapped dates were flavorful but not the best dish we tried (3/5). The charred octopus salad was fantastic (4/5) and the shrimp scampi was possibly the best dish we had (5/5).
4	Immediately after walking in the front door,  I wanted to hate it here.A crowd made up of soccer moms.  On their weekend hall pass.   Lining up just to get in the door.   Ghosted images of the food network burned into their retinas.I had my doubts.Sure,  it's a monument to narcissism.    Giada  (who I admittedly have no idea who she is or what she does) seems to be "the leader" to a throng of rabid followers.  Her image is plastered over every element of the space.   It's over the top and obscene.   So no, we didn't splurge for the autographed photo-menu of Giada.But you have to give the place credit.  The room is absolutely beautiful.   In a town full of amazing interior design, it's truly a pinnacle of excellence.   Every item in the space is so well thought out.   Colors are magnificent.  Views are awesome.   Also, the food is truly fantastic.   Everything is fresh, well portioned and presented immaculately.     The pastas are particularly delicious and perfect for sharing.The shining star here though is the service.   Our server for the evening, Radoslav, truly helped make our evening feel special.   He went above and beyond to add his wonderful warm personality to what would otherwise be an immensely impersonal restaurant.  All in all, a surprisingly good evening.
4	There is a LOT of gushing going on about this new place. I luckily snagged a reservation 4 weeks in advance, but a quick search shows that the restaurant is sold out until August unless you want really inconvenient times.Front of the house was a little awkward. We got there a few minutes early, and they told us they were running on schedule but we'd have to wait until our reservation time. No biggie, I thought. I then watched 4-5 couples walk in after us and get seated before us. Again, no biggie. 15 minutes after our scheduled time the hostess asks if we'd like to sit in the lounge while we wait for our table. Now I'm getting annoyed. What happened to running on time? Luckily we didn't sit too long as they seated us after 10 minutes in the lounge.I watched as they offered a tour of the place to their guests before they sat down. Were we offered a tour? I'll let you take a wild guess. NOPE - I had to ask for one, and yes, we did receive a tour.The space itself is gorgeous, with a great view of the strip. There is a classic, traditional look with big, beautiful windows overlooking the Strip. I loved the wood staircase going up to the restaurant. Servers are in white jackets, with plating done tableside. It is pretty elegant with kind of a homely feel.I guess if you're gonna run episodes of Everyday Italian and Giada at Home on an endless loop on flatscreens above the bar, it better be Giada's place. I mean, why the hell wouldn't she do that? As we ate I was able to watch an easy-to-make peas and prosciutto dish. So I got food and education!The menu has phonetic pronunciations of all the pastas. In case you're an idiot, they're right there for you. Thanks, Giada.  Also, there are self-portraits of her all over the walls. Not the endearing South Park portraits, however.Our dishes were excellent.  Bread service was great, as the butter I thought I was spreading was actually mascarpone cheese.  The scallop and crab risotto was our favorite dish of the meal.  Bacon wrapped dates with spicy sausage and gorgonzola crema were also a big hit. The cocktail program is well thought out and executed.Giada stopped and chatted with us and took a pic after we finished our meal. Very nice lady, and nice to see her buzzing around the place. The tourists will come here in droves.So food is good, decor and ambience even better, but something was just off with a few things. I still think it was surprisingly a good experience. As much as I thought I would dislike it, I enjoyed my meal there (despite a few hiccups). And the food is quite noteworthy.  Giada is definitely off to a good start.
3	I've been torn about my review of Giada for a couple weeks now.  There were some HUGE highs and some MAJOR lows of my experience there.  I will appologize for the length of this review, in advance. If someone from management reads this, I will be glad to discuss further.I was traveling for work and having dinner by myself.  I stopped into Giada (2 weeks after opening) and asked how long the wait will be and if i could just find a spot at the bar.  The manager at the front of the house said that the bar was being used for overflow, and that the wait would be about 45 minutes to sit.  I agreed and went to play some blackjack at the Cromwell.After about an hour, nobody called, so i went to check.  Upon arriving, the hostess said that I could be seated.  On my way to the seat (which ended up being at the bar), she offered to give me a tour of the restaurant.  She showed me the house made pasta, the kitchen, the bread, and other areas,  I was very excited to feast.As I sat at the bar, i ordered a McClellan scotch.  The bartender then gave me an iPad menu.  As I was looking through the menu, i only saw Antipasto dishes.  I asked if I could see the complete menu, and was then told that only antipasto is available at the bar.  This was not explained to me, and I was even led to believe (due to the tour and conversation with the hostess) that the entire menu was available.After looking at the menu for 15 minutes, I decided I would not eat there because I did not just want antipasto.  I asked for the check, but the bartender, Katie (who was amazing) asked me to please stay and said the would find the manager for me.  She also said that she would bring me out some antipasto dishes while I was waiting.They brought out some big antipasto dishes, and I will admit that they were quite good.  There exceeded my expectations, and I was happy I stayed.  Finally as I was eating, the manager did come out.  He then went to the couple next to me, and asked them if everything was OK.  They said things were fine.  I knew he was supposed to ask me, but because I look young and was dressed in a T-shirt, I think he decided to ignore me.  The bartender then gesture to him that he was supposed to be talking to ME,  He then asked me if everything was OK.I explained the situation to him, and told him I really wanted to try the food from the full menu.  I know that he has made this exception for people in the past from talking to the bartender (and that is why she called him), but he decided not to budge for me.  He gave me some BS excuse and I could tell he was just not being very genuine.  It honestly would have been better for the restaurant to just not even had him come see me.  He basically offered nothing and then left.  He said he would get me a free drink, that never gameSo, why 3 stars?  The bartender, Katie, is AMAZING,  She made a terrible experience great. If not for her, this would have been a 1 star review.  She is an asset to Giada.  She only charged me for the drinks I had and didn't charge for the food (since I didn't even want to order it).  Obviously, she got a large tip.  If the manager didn't come out, this would be a 4-5 star review.The manager that came out was terrible.  He treated me with little respect and deserved to make this a 1 star review.  The management is a liability to Giada, and she should rethink who is running the customer facing team.  In addition, they should explain the the full menu is not offered at the bar.I will go back to Giada, sit at a table, and try the full menu.  For now, this experience left me in the middle.
2	Upon arriving there, I was soooo excited...the decor and the view as well as the ambiance were just to die for! But my main reason to go there was for what I thought was going to be great food and what a major disappointment that was. I consider myself a big foodie and I have to say that the food/recipes just didn't work at all and the dishes that were "good" were just ok... We had no less than 12 dishes and they all kinda suck. I think that it's really hard to mess up italian food if you are a chef but I guess it can be done after all.Another thing that was really disappointing was the overwhelming menu. Like I said, I'm a well-versed diner and that menu was waaaaaay too much. Took me and my friend,  who is also well-versed in dining out, about 30 minutes to oder. And we ended up going with a lot of their signature dishes/recommendations from the waitress and it wasn't good.And for my last comment, the service was "too good" if you can call it that. The personel was always at our table making it a bit difficult to carry a conversation. I would love to give it another try later on if they change their menu but I would not spend my money on what's on that menu now. I would only go for the ambiance, the view and the drinks!
5	I am so obsessed with this place. I can't stop thinking & raving about it. First, made reservations in May, knowing I was coming in July, and thank God i'm a planner because I hear they're booked til July although their bar and lounge area is first come, first serve.Reservations at 7, arrived 10-15 minutes early and the kind hostess said we could take a pic in the photobooth (free!) cool! She then said our table was ready, gave us a tour (cool, being a cook myself), friendly staff working hard but still stopped to smile and say hello, welcome! We went to our table and it wasnt ready but she assured us our new table would have an even better view (awesome! 5 minutes later it was a better view and worth the extra 5 mintues).Our waiter Gregory. What an asset to the Giada team. Knowledgable, friendly, and made the best recommendations. Thank you!Drinks: complimentary tasty little drink from Giada, I wish I werent TOO excited to take in everything then I wouldve remembered what he said it was. Delicious! Thank you Giada.Gregory recommended a cocktail that was seriously the most light, refreshing, perfect cocktail. It was pink & pretty! (Horrible with remembering the name)Apps: stuffed dates for my meat eating friend. She is a sausage, bacon, fan. She said sausage was a little spicy but all together with the gorgozola cream, perfect. I got the fritto misto.. Perfectly cooked calamari & shrimp! Yum!The bread could easily be an app that customers could pay for (hey! I can appreciate a complimentary bread app, but I work in the food business, I understand food and labor cost). The side seasoning tray that comes with the bread -- that marscapone lemon cream -- only Giada would think of that! Yum! The fried capers, I loved and put it in my salmon dish. It was tasty!!Entrees: my friend got the pasta e figioli and the corn and sausage side. (She also ate the dates and she was stuffed) I don't eat meat so I couldn't taste any of it, but rave reviews and portion size great.My pan seared salmon & summer succotash. I was in heaven. My favorite dish of all time. What a great combination of flavors. Salmon cooked perfectly (medium, thank you). The edamame and corn was cooked perfectly, the worst is soft edamame, not this one-- perfect! That whole grain mustard sauce, light and delicious. I want to know what else is in that! I'm sure I will have dreams of this dish until I can make my way back to Vegas to have it again. Side of potatoes, Giada must know my love for potatoes well. Smashed then fried, topped with parm and lemon zest -- fantastic!!!Dessert: peanut butter and jelly tiramisu -- wow, just wow. Light and airy cream, mellow PB flavor. Amazingly delicious. My second fave was the lime & blackberry. Flavors are amazing together. Polenta cake with strawberries. Seriously, what's in that strawberry sauce? I am not the biggest strawberry fan, but if someone put that in front of me, I would not turn down a bite. I was expecting the polenta cake to be .. Hmm maybe grainy, dense? But NO! Light, airy, yum!!!!!I also tried an espresso, nutella shot drink. I am an espresso lover, that drink needs to be served in a latte cup cause that was just a tease :)I can't wait til I can come back. Sad Giada left the night before we had dinner, but so glad when the boss is away they still can keep everything up to par. Amazing, thank you!!!
3	This review is personally for Giada.Upon arriving to Giada, I was met by at least 8 hostesses standing there all wearing the same maternal looking black dress and ill fitting heels. Then we were met by eclectic decor and wrinkled table clothes. Shortly after we were seated we were greeted by our waiter and another girl saying she would also be helping. The waiter told us that all the appetizers and drinks were on the iPad. Using an iPad cheapened the experience for me and the authenticity of the restaurant. Just because restaurants are starting to implement iPads does not mean it works in a fine dining setting. And to make things worse the iPad froze multiple times. I also thought it was a little tacky when the waitress put the price fix menu on our table. It's okay to suggest it but to have a whole folder that takes up half the table is too in your face especially on ones first visit. We decided against the price fix until we knew the food was worth the price. 15 minutes after sitting down there was still no bread brought to our table so I requested some from our waiter. He comes back with three different bread choices and a side of toppings. I was surprised that the one topping I did not see was Parmesan. The bread was very underwhelming but I did enjoy dipping the breadsticks into the pesto. I ordered the caponata and the spaghetti with shrimp lemon and basil. My dining partner ordered the bucatini for her main. Before the caponata came our waiter said caponata is usually served with bread but Giada's is light enough to be eaten on its own. While the caponata was not heavy it was still a little much eating it on its own. The spaghetti I ordered was solid even though it could have used a little more seasoning. The shrimp was some of the largest I have scene however it was sitting in what seemed to be a small puddle of blood and this turned me off. I tried my friends bucatini and ending up like hers more and she liked mine more so we traded. The bucatini pasta was well cooked but the sauce was undeveloped. We ordered the cookies to go for dessert and they were great. My favorite was the palmier.
4	Living up to the hype.  A warm and contemporary Italian American eatery that delivers great tastes with the energy that is Vegas.  This is not an authentic taste of Italian regional specialties rather refined and prettied up versions of Italian American favorites.  All good, it works.The majority of the menu centers around small plates of antipasti shared family style.  Flavors are very complimentary so ordering a wide variety of dishes works.  An incredible simple grilled broccoli rabe natural bitterness is enhanced by hints of char and smoke but brought to life by a spicy, chili vinaigrette.  Sweet peppers stuffed with a tangy goat cheese and peppery olive oil create a very well balanced dish exploding with freshness.For seafood antipasti, do not pass on the lobster arancini.  Dressed with a spicy pomodoro of Calabria chili and a touch of a herbaceous basil aioli that elevates the sweetness of the lobster.  Slightly cloying mouth feel but great flavors.  Great selection of well made salumi.  Try a variety.  The Bresaola and finocchiona as good as any in Tuscany.  Add a selection of cheeses with perfectly paired condiments (Mozzarella with a citrus chili pesto,  Parmigiano with honey).  Small selection of pastas.  The lobster ravioli excellent.  Perfectly cooked sheets of pasta surrounding chunks of barely cooked through lobster perfumed by tarragon.  Richness on richness but it works.The only weakness of the restaurant are the mains.  A mustard, walnut, and raisin crusted rack of lamb, while perfectly cooked was one dimensional, needing more herbaceous, lemony gremolata.  A bone in "Tuscan" rib-eye topped with a sunny side up egg did not make sense.   The yolk did nothing to elevate the flavor of the beef rather giving it an unpleasant yolky aftertaste as it cooled.Service is a work in progress.  Slow and lacking confidence.  This will definitely improve with time.Decent wine list at Vegas resort prices.Guys, admit it, Giada turned you on to cooking shows.  Now the chance is here to try the food you know you never cooked.  Worthy.
3	The restaurant is beautiful. The hostesses were not very friendly and seemed bothered if people asked them questions. The waiter took a very long time to come to our table. Everything took a very long time. Portions are small, like 4 oz so you have to order a lot of things in order to fill up. Pricey for what you get. The signature Giada coctail was delicious, also the Lobster Ravioli. The noodles are perfection. Aldente. Dont pass up the bread basket once you actually recieve it. The foccacia is to die for.
4	Very solid. Some dishes were fabulous others were standard. Service was attentive and caring, while sometimes long-winded. Appropriate for an Italian restaurant I suppose. The view of the strip is a plus, as is the decor. Appropriately priced.
4	Everything expected in a fine dining atmosphere (e.g., portion size, price,  service,  presentation, ambience). A few small niggles could be corrected.
5	Love this place. The food was great. Can't wait to go back. The must try are the antipasti. Our table had bacon wrap dates, salami meat, lobster ravioli and grilled octopus.  Did not love the iPad. I was more comfortable with the Menu. The iPad was kinda confusing.  Next time I will totally skip the iPad and ask for the menu. Thank you Joseph for helping us with the menu.
5	OUTSTANDING !!!!!Exquisite decor: elegant yet warm and invitingAntipasti presentation fresh and mouth wateringService amazing: professional yet warm and knowledgeable:Kudos to Jason, server Bart, back server,Theresa, sommelier and Avi, managerWe were on a budget and told Theresa what our price limits were: she brought us a Northern Italian Pinot Grigio which was crisp, buttery and dry...Fabulous...especially for the priceThe food presentation was attractive and loaded with tasteThe antipasti was an interesting combo: each item with a distinctive tastePastas were TENDER...with simple delicious saucesEVERYTHING LIGHT...and FLAVORFUL !!!!!!!Tiramisus were simply flavored...light..... a perfect end to a delightful mealThe decaf was full bodied..and very flavorful..too good to be decaf(If I can't sleep tonight, I'll send an addenda tomorrow)All in all, Giada lived up to its hype...EVEN BETTER...because I expected the prices to be higherIT IS NOT A RIP OFF JOINTJUST THE OPPOSITE !!!!!!!!
5	This was a hard to get reservation because of Giada's popularity but it was well worth it! First off, the staff was energetic and well educated on everything Giada's has to offer. We were given a brief tour of the place first and then taken to our seats. Our server was amazing. He was fun and informative and offered suggestions. EVERYTHING On the menu looked and sounded AMAZING!! Unfortunately it's going to take 5 visits to be able to try it all!! I can say the bacon wrapped dates and orzo meatballs were fabulous starters and the rigatoni with vegetable bolognese was incredible for a pasta! We did also try the trio of tiramisu and the plate of cookies, both delicious and a great finish to the meal. Giada's has knocked it out of the park. She was even there working the line and came out to greet customers!! Amazing evening and I cannot wait to go back.
5	The view is breathtaking, the service is impeccable, and the food is delicious.I was extremely impressed with the design and detail of the menu.  I hope to visit again soon.Anytime you get up from your seat, your seating area is quickly cleaned and a fresh napkin is promptly laid out for your return.You'll never had to wait on refills, they are constantly making sure that their guests feel at home.
4	Loved the decor of this place. Located in the Crowell you go up the escalator and are greeted by the hostess desk. Light wood and modern decor are used throughout the restaurant which makes it feels like you're in her home. The plates are pretty with a rose gold G on them.A big bread basket comes out with warm focaccia, breadsticks and flatbread.We started off with olives with many different kinda and sizes along with the mini pizzette.I loved the size and taste of the pizzette so that you could get a taste and not be too full for the main.We both got the spaghetti that came with huge shrimp.Everything was delicious and up to par!
5	I wish I took home some of the leftovers from last nights dinner. The lobster ravioli (my favorite), lemon pasta with shrimp & the rosemary pot bread..... So good!!!   Heard they're opening for lunch soon. I'll be back! Oh... The view oh the view!  They have great 2 tops up against the window. By far the perfect place for date night.
4	This place is off to a great start considering how ambitious the menu is, how large the dining room is, and how absolutely slammed busy it is every second it is open. The only issues we had were with pacing--all of our smaller plates came out in a hurry, then there was a loooooooooong wait for the final larger plates. Well, there was also a minor issue with the staff not knowing which of the coffees were and were not available in decaf. The place was full, but we were seated immediately upon arriving for our 7:45 reservation. The room is arranged comfortably and even though it's busy, the tables are far enough apart that there's a busy hum without being too loud. I think you would probably have to be right on the windows to have much Bellagio fountain view, but it was also very pleasant to watch the crescent moon rise over Caesars from our table. The bread service is excellent, with crunchy breadsticks, a flatbread, and a life-changing rosemary focaccia. It also comes with multiple condiments, like pink Himalayan salt, chili pepper flakes, lemon ricotta and basil pesto. (We actually used the condiments throughout our meal, which was fun.)For the small plates, we had the oyster crudo, the charred octopus, the chicken marsala meatballs and some of the reggiano cheese. Every one was excellent except the octopus, which was tough in some bites and could have used a bit more seasoning. (But maybe the bar had just been set impossibly high the previous night, when I had the best octopus I've ever eaten at, surprisingly, CarneVino.) The chicken marsala meatballs displaced the albondigas at Julian Serrano for me as the best meatballs in Vegas. If they had been any more moist, they would not have been able to hold their shape and they burst with flavor. For the larger dishes, we had the lemon spaghetti (with shrimp as big as lobster tails) and the branzino with tangerine glaze. They were both wonderful. We were so full we decided to forego dessert. Lots of thought has obviously gone into the menu, as there is a wide range of dishes and every plate is beautifully presented on dishware that looks like it was selected to suit the individual dish. Service throughout was smooth and attentive (I think they would rather die than let a water glass be empty) and quite knowledgeable about the menu except for the decaf issue.Overall, I do plan to go back next time I'm in Vegas. The menu is set up (and priced) so that you can sample a variety of items without breaking the bank. For two people, we had cocktails (love the iPad cocktail menu with pictures), wine, four smaller plates and two larger plates and with tax and tip it was $252. I consider that perfectly reasonable for an event restaurant of this quality in this location.
5	Ok so this is so past due for me to do a review as I'm a regular here now. This place from the very start has far exceeded my expectations of how a celebrity chef restaurant should be. The decor and furnishing is very elegant, trendy but a hip vibe. Food quality, taste, and presentation is what you would expect of a 5 star quality restaurant and presented as masterpieces of  art worthy of any food magazine photos. The atmosphere is very open especially with the open balcony windows. Main thing that keeps a regular foodie like myself coming to high end establishments like this would be the friendliness and accommodating staff. As you come off the escalators to the restaurant you are warmly greeted by beautiful hostesses who would welcome you to Giada's and give you a tour of the restaurant starting from the antipasta bar to the fire ovens to the bar and throughout the dining area. Giada has said she designed the restaurant to give her guests a feeling of being invited into her own home. She may not always be there but the gorgeous hostesses certainly do a great job in welcoming you. FYI Giada is there often at times and when she is she does take the time to walk around and mingle and talk to guests, take photos and such. I had the pleasure of meeting her the night before my birthday. Bartenders and other staff are very firefly and outgoing. My second visit there the staff had already remembered my name what I drank and ate and more about me. To me service like that is reason enough to become a weekly regular. They are also very knowledgable about your menu items both food and drink menu. My favorite bartender would be Kate the stunning blonde bartender from ASU in Phoenix (yes I do get to know the staff too lol) my second visit I was warmly greeted by Avi the manager really an awesome guy too get to know him!! As I conclude writing this review I am now getting in the mood to go there right now!!!
4	So I'm not gonna lie, I'm a little biased, I love her. She is my favorite chef on Food Network. I was excited to try this place, at first I planned to wait a few months and let all the hype die down, but when my friend scored us a 7p reservation, I changed my mind pretty quickly. When we arrived, we waited way passed our reservation time, only to find out Giada was in the house, so people were staying longer at their tables. As soon as we walked in, she was there taking pics with people on their way out. We were started with a tour of the restaurant and the prep area, which was fun to see. Our table could not have been in a better spot. Perfect view of the Strip and the Bellagio Fountains. Greeted immediately by our waiter who gave us a quick rundown of the iPad cocktail menu, we all started out with a signature cocktail.  Something different for everyone, and every single person enjoyed their drinks. I tried the Destroyer, Clase Azul Tequila Reposado, tangerine, orange and basil, basil ice sphere, as well as the La Strada, Campari, homemade lemon sorbeto, Bertagnolli Limoncello, Proseco, and (don't judge) Barbarella, Tanqueray #10, orange spice ginger beer, fresh lemon, basil foam (this was my favorite).  I was excited to see they offered a tasting menu but to my disappointment, we were informed the way they have their tasting menu set up is a family style, so everyone at the table is required to order the tasting menu. So we went with the original plan of ordering something different for everyone to try. We started our with their amazing bread basket, I was more obsessed with the condiments that it came with, the lemon butter and the dried capers with my favorite. Onto the apps, we couldn't decide so we ordered multiple. The large appetizer platter was big enough for 5 people and it had a little but of everything. I had picked the Oysters Crudo, which were fantastic, the Burrata, amazing, Lobster Arancini, best Arancini I have had. I could have stopped at the apps and been happy. I originally had planned to get the Lemon Spaghetti, but then I wanted the Branzino, so our waiter told me to order the Branzino and I could have the Spaghetti as a side. Perfect! This dish was executed to perfection. I love Seabass, this had a perfect char on the skin, and the Lemon Spaghetti is as good as everyone says. The shrimp was as big as my palm.  My friends Rack of Lamb was my favorite. I would order this next time. The Ribeye was cooked perfectly too. TONS of sides! Ravioli, Crispy Polenta, Asparagus, and Lemon Potatoes. Next up, the dessert tray. I was so full by the time this came around, but we still indulged. She has some really unique desserts.Service was excellent, our server was very attentive, as well as everyone else that helped him out.Highlight of my night, she came around to the table and spoke with us about our meal. She was so personable and nice, upon leaving, I was able to take a picture with her. Totally made my night.
4	First off, there isn't a restaurant in the world that is trying harder!  From the hostess that bumped somebody over so we could sit at the bar, to the manager who came over and introduced himself, to the bartender Chris who wickedly and seamlessly substituted the vodka redbull that I originally ordered for the vodka concoction he prepared in its place, to the expediter that explained the salt and chili accompaniment to the bread, service and attention to detail off the charts.  Now the food.  We only sampled giadas favorite platter, a $50.00 sampling of sweet peppers, stuffed dates, and the antipasto assortment of calamari, ahi crostini, etc., and while nothing was bad, nothing really crushed it for us either.  The bread presentation is a lot of sizzle and less steak, even with the fresh rosemary bread they bake in a ramekin.  Probably not fair to rate a restaurant on one appetizer plate but this was all we ordered.I was really struck by the attention to detail everywhere.  Servers looking at glasses to see if they needed polishing, bartenders wiping off the side of the glass because a bit of foam trickled down, etc..They have assembled a terrific team, and this is obviously not the case of a celebrity chef just stamping their name on the front door, but a labor of love by an obvious perfectionist who has invested a bunch of blood, sweat, and tears and isnt about to let someone else screw it up.
2	The food was not the issue and neither were the drinks. The food itself wasn't anything mind blowing, but it was good. The veal I ordered came out cold. The server was informative and very polite. My biggest complaint is that our actual entrees came out at the 2 hour mark. With only two people at our table, we were expecting to be finished with dinner in about 2 hours. So if I had not boxed up that veal and instead stayed to eat and enjoy dessert, I'd have been looking at a 3 hour dinner. A bottle of wine didn't come out for about 30 minutes, the appetizers came out quickly, but we were left sitting for an hour before I finally ask for my entree, which came out in another 15 minutes. For fairly average food, I don't think I'd wait that long again. Instead, Il Mulino across the street not only tastes better, but actually serves food at a reasonable pace.
3	I would love to give this place at least 4 stars but there were a couple of problems that are hard to overlook.I am a huge fan of Giada's and booked her restaurant 2 months ago, so looking forward to a great meal.  The hostesses were great and did honor the request for a window table, but it was half an hour after the reservation time.  No biggie because the room is comfortable and the view was fantastic.  The waiter was very good and tried his best to push the tasting menu, but we already knew what we wanted.  Here is the breakdown of dishes.1.  Lobster Arancini- 8  Very good... red sauce was the best part.2.  Shrimp Scampi- 8  Marscapone made this dish, but shrimp seemed of a lesser quality.  Polenta cake was perfect.3.  Artchoke Soup- 10  What an amazing soup, great taste and texture.4.  Pasta Fagiole- 10  My partner loved it.5.  Lobster Ravioli-10  This was too delicious to describe, perfect dish.6.  Rack of Lamb- 3  The pictures on Yelp make this dish look great, but our lamb was incredibly fatty.  The waiter said it was because it was Colorado lamb and I felt intimidated not to send it back.  Never again; there were only 4 tiny bites out of the whole dish.  The spinach served with it was delicious, though.     The worst part of it was the half hour wait between the soup course and the FAT of the Lamb course.  Way too long of a wait.  The server did say a couple of times that it would be right up, but never apologized for the wait.  That lamb dish was $45 for nothing... I want my money back!Overall it was a decent experience, but not worth $240.  The bottles of wine start in the $50 range and go up from there.  There should be more reasonably priced options, especially in the Italian categories... been to Italy several times and even good wines are a bargain.  They are trying to hype this restaurant as more casual dining as if you were having dinner in someones home.  Somewhat pricey for a home cooked meal.  Probably would not return for dinner, but might try lunch sometime if Giada has some amazing paninis on the menu.One more item of interest- We saw tank-tops, tee shirts, tennis shoes, shorts, midriffs, sandals and every other type of dress here.  Not sure there is a dress code.
5	Great experience!  This restaurant is beautiful inside and the attention to detail is evident in every aspect of the meal including the bread selection and awesome cocktails.We had the tasting menu for $120 each.  This included a take home menu, recipes, and signed picture of Giada. The following is included in the tasting menu: a small plate of antipasti (my only complaint is that it was too small), a pasta course, main course and then a free shot at the dessert cart.  My party made full use of the dessert cart and tried many of the offerings.  The dessert cart guys were very cool and encouraged us to try as much as we wanted.  The cart had a huge selection of 4 ice cream, 4-5 cookies, a few tarts, 3 parfaits, and 3 cakes plus a few things I am probably forgetting.  We got about 10 items off the cart and the highlights were the peanut butter and jelly parfait, peanut butter and chocolate cookie, and lemon ricotta cookie.I am going on and on about the dessert, but the pasta and salmon we had was also very good.  I really want to go back and I hope they open for lunch soon!The highlight of the night was that Giada was there!  She was very gracious and stopped for a moment so we could take pictures with her on her way out to catch a plane.  It is good to see that she is very involved in the success of the restaurant over a month after they opened.  It definitely shows in the quality of the food.
5	I was skeptical that this place would be good since it's a celebrity chef's restaurant and they have disappointed me in the past. Boy was I surprised. It was hard at first getting a reservation. We had called months ahead of time and they said it was all full but we can try the day of. The the day of rolls around and we walk in only to be turned away as both tables and the bar were full. So we call the next day, still no luck but the girl on the phone said she would squeeze us in the next day. The day comes and they couldn't find our reservation. But they still took us. Awesome. We got a mini tour of the restaurant and were seated with a great view of the strip. So far so good.The services was freaking amazing. The waiter was very attentive and personable. The recommendations he made was great. He brought us complimentary toast sized spritzers. (It was delicious) We never had to ask for more water as the cups seemed to fill themselves. When we got up to use the restroom, our napkins mysteriously folded themselves. (I later saw that a waiter had taken away the used one and replaced it with a brand new, folded one) The manager came by a couple of times to check on us. Overall, the service is what I would want from all "fancy" restaurants.Now on to the food. I went with a party that liked to eat, so us 4 girls spent $280 on dinner. We ordered 3 antipasti dishes, 1 salad, 4 entrees and 1 side. The appetizers were really good, we got the calamari, mushroom pizza, and broccoli rabe. The breads were very interesting (in a good way) and the lemon butter was the devil. I just wanted to eat the butter by itself and lick the bowl clean. I forgot what salad we got but it had arugula and parm cheese and it was delicious. For the main course, we got the 28 oz. ribeye (complete with sunny side up egg), the rigatoni, salmon, and the risotto with the side order of lemon potatoes. The waiter recommended trying the balsamic vinegar with the ribeye, which I was hesitant to try at first, but was very glad I did as it was amazing. Everything else was fantastic as well.I only wish we had room for dessert. We spied it on other people's tables and it was in these cute little cups. We made full use of the photo booth. :)I can't wait to try more of the menu the next time. This restaurant is now on the top of my list for vegas.
5	I had made a reservation through my hotel only to find out when I arrived that the Sunday I thought was booked was actually 2 weeks later!  This was by no means the fault of Giada's, rather my hotel but when I explained to the hostess what had happened, she was very understanding and empathetic and did her best to at least get us in for a look and quick tasting!I was highly motivated to visit primarily because my 3 daughters, 6 year old twins and a 7 year old, have gotten me hooked on Giadas show.  They are avid fan and with all the great places to eat in Vegas, it had special meaning to experience it for them.  While I only had time to enjoy a mixed appetizer plate and dessert, I found both to be exquisitely presented in a wonderfully enjoyable and comfortable atmosphere which certainly captured California casual with an elegant Italian experience.The bacon wrapped dates were incredible, all of the food was amazingly tasteful and light while certainly satisfying.  We also tried 4 of the deserts, each wonderful and I dont think we could have gone wrong with any of the choices.I would like to add that while Giadas entire experience was enjoyable, there are plenty of wonderful restaurants happy to take your money.  What was truly as notable as the food however were the people and especially, the Manager, Avi.  Even as busy as this newly opened place is, he made it his personal mission to great every guest and sincerely wanted to insure we had a wonderful experience, even though we werent really "officially" there for the entire course.  A final thank you also to Avi in that after I had explained the details of our visit and evening, he personally insured I had a great story, and more, to share with my daughters.  Now really, who does that any more?!Thank you Avi and Giada's.  I look forward to returning soon and staying for the entire experience.
4	5 stars for food4 stars for serviceThe boyfriend and I went to the bar since we were 15 minutes early for our reso and were advised by the lovely hostesses our table would be ready closer to the reso time. The bar is packed, even at 10pm which they also advised in advance. Found a spot on the end. Two bartenders helped us, Robert and Chris I think. Both gave awesome service & so personable. We enjoyed our cocktails very much! We got a window table which I was very excited about. The view of Ceasars Palace :) It took a while to get menus. Our server, Jessie I think it was. Female with dark hair brought the wine list first. Everything on the menu looked amazing but my stomach couldnt handle one of each thing. We ordered the Chicken Marsala Meatballs to start. Amazing! VERY small order so dont be surprised. I think there were only 4 bite size pieces. We didnt get the complimentary bread before the appetizer so I had to ask for it. Presentation was impressive. I enjoyed the lemon butter with the Rosemary Olive Oil bread. We were brought St. Germain compliments of Giada. That was a nice touch & it was good! Not too floral. I enjoyed just sipping on it. We ordered Iced Tea's with the Raspberry Essence the same time we ordered the app and entrees and didnt get it until we were in the middle of our entree's after I asked for it. Instead of an apology, our server quickly left the table and yelled at her busser. The Iced Tea service is very impressive I must say. Comes with a glass straw! One order comes with two full glasses and are not refillable. I had the famous Spaghetti which was delish! Those prawns are huge! The boyfriend had the Salmon with succotash, yummy!!!! And a side of lemon potatoes. Never in my mind would think to put those two together but it just worked. We were both getting full but I was not about to pass up dessert because I really wanted gelato! The beautiful dessert cart came by & of course everything looked wonderful but I already planned on getting gelato so we got one of each flavor, White Coffee & Toasted Banana. OMG! Best gelato ever! Both were amazing, I dont know which one I enjoyed more. The server brings the check & it comes with an Itouch servey. The bf fills it out cause we def had comments to make! When she comes back from swiping the card she then mentions our anniversary. Kinda late dont you think! As we were standing up she brings an anniversary drink. It was a basil infused sparkling lemonade. A lil sour & too sweet for me but good. I wish she brought that before we were leaving cause I had to sit back down to drink it. Avi was the front manager for the night & as we were first getting seated he introduced himself. During our meal he came by again to shake both our hands & asked if everything was ok. I wanted to mention all the things our server missed but he came by when I had a mouth full of food. He was very nice & im impressed he went to every table & introduced himself. That is quality service.The service from our server only could have been better but I will definitley be back. The food is just outstanding. Im a fan of her show & Giada is my favorite Food Network star so of course I was excited she opened a restaurant here. I can def see her personality in the design of the room. Its large, so open & clean.
3	The  atmosphere of this place is amazing! The view is also spectacular. I went in with my wife and a couple friends around 6pm on a monday night. The food is all really good. Bacon wrapped dates was fire. The bone in rib eye was ok a little bit too oily and sauce was a tad bit salty. I think this place is fairly hyped up and it would remind me of a brunch spot or a Italian tapas kind of place.
4	Y'all know Giada...and now she has her own resto in Vegas!** GET - Fresh ricotta crostini [honey, lemon, pink peppercorn] = oh. so. good.* AOK - Wood roasted mushroom pizzette [baby kale, gorgonzola dolce] = didn't really like the overwhelming cheese on this pizzette.* GET - Artichoke soup [mint, tomato, focaccia crouton] = creamy* GET - Tricolore salad [gorgonzola, dates, walnuts, prosciutto] = light salad** GET - Rigatoni [Giada's fave, w/ vegetable bolognese] = suuuch good pasta & flavor* GET - Ravioli, lobster, asparagus tips and tarragon = not bad* GET - Dessert cart = we went with the 5-tasting choice (vs. a la carte)!  Lemon cookie and Nipple of Venus was memorable.  Giada's fave, the blackberry-lime tiramisu was delish.  Would skip the polenta and strawberry crostada next time...* YES - Beautiful restaurant with open floor plan* YES - Waiters/waitresses in white coats* YES - Dessert cart at the end of the meal * YES - Offers pre-fixe menu * WOA (words of advice):- Make reservations (pretty booked at this point given new hype)- Good for groups or small parties- Located on 2nd floor of Cromwell Hotel (take escalators up)- When offered water, do note they offer bottled ones first (I wish we'd known and skipped $8/bottle waters...we had so many, it was price of a good entree!)
5	As soon as you walk in you are greater by not on,y the friendliest staff but Giada also greater us during our dinner to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. The food was fresh and delicious! I would definitely come back.
5	My 2nd visit proved to live up to my 1st. Truly unparalleled hospitality from each crew member from the hostesses, each staff member as you walk to your table & the waiter. A real Welcome To My Home, Let Me show You Around & Feed You My Best Dishes experience. Among all the antipasti platter choices my favorite is Giada's. Although I think I might ask to sub the pesto crostini for something else. Among the pasta selections the Lobster Ravioli is still my favorite but now I'll also add the Bucatini to that list. For dessert the Polenta Cake, Strawberry Tart & Chocolate Chip cookie were worth the calories. Tomorrow I will give the new lunch service a try....... Safe to say I won't be weighing myself this week
2	My friends and I visited Las Vegas for the first time the week of 6/30 through 7/7.  We decided that Saturday night we would enjoy a fine dining experience and then see what the nightlife had to offer.  We got dressed and headed out to the strip sometime around 7PM.  After debating on where to eat we settled on Giada (she is my partner and I's favorite chef after all!).  We were all dressed in appropriate attire, however at the reception desk we were treated as though we had walked in wearing flip-flops and tattered shorts.  We made our way up the escalator and I approached the desk.  A young dirty-blonde haired woman greeted me and I stated that I had a party of 6 and we wished to have dinner.  She started to say "Oh I"m sorry but we..."  At that moment another blonde haired woman (slightly older) literally nudged her with her elbow and said "be nice".  She then preceded to ask me if I would perhaps like to see the menu before we were seated.  Essentially she was insinuating that we obviously could not afford a meal there and looked the part to boot.  I was infuriated, however being the opposite of what hey assumed I was I played along and agreed to see the menu.  We were then whisked away on a tour of the kitchen area and finally seated.  The drink menu was very unique (based on Giada's father's favorite films), I had a Hannibal which was great and my partner had the Barbarella (his favorite film) which was equally refreshing.  We ordered Giada's favorites and calamari for the table as the antipasto, spaghetti and tortellini for the pasta and shared the porterhouse steak with a side of polenta.  The food was amazing just as we expected, however the treatment by the staff left a sour taste in our mouths.  There were other patrons sitting near us wearing shorts and t-shirts whom I am sure were not treated as we were.  The main reason in my opinion is because we mostly looked Hispanic unlike the fairer skinned individuals who were poorly dressed.  While the food was amazing, we will not be visiting Giada again.  I myself have experienced true Italian hospitality, unfortunately it was nowhere to be found at Giada.
5	STOP! Unless you are prepared to spend your entire paycheck at this joint, stop reading now.  You'll only torture yourself.Now that we have that out of the way, if you're still reading (and hopefully eating soon), you are in for an amazing experience.  We had a few drinks at the bar while we waited to be seated for our 10 p.m. reservation.  That's right. 10 p.m. and we booked that a month and a half out.  This place is popular.  Service was flawless, both at the bar and at our table.  Our dinner was overseen by Joseph Gordon Levitt, aka Gregory. A+!  He knows the menu and flavors like it's his job.  Oh, wait.  Any way, he did a fantastic job of making recommendations and even suggested the order of how our choices should be served.  Truly outstanding server.  We started with oysters crudo, oysters rockefeller, Vitello Tonnato crostini, bacon-wrapped dates.  I've been around the block when it comes to bacon-wrapped dates and these were amazing.  I also really loved the oysters crudo.  Probably the only dish I would not reorder was the crostini.Next we had our pasta course and shared the lemon spaghetti and buscatini.  Both were phenomenal, the sweet and tart of the lemon spaghetti contrasted nicely with the spiciness of the buscatini.  Both were incredible, but I think if I had either as my entire meal, I would not have been satisfied.  Just not a big pasta eater.  Gregory's recommendation to do a pasta course and then a main course was a great one.For our main course, we shared the 28 oz ribeye and chicken cacciatore.  The presentation of the chicken was mind-blowing.  The staff presents the whole chicken with its "fixings" and then it's returned to the chef to be carved and brought back to your table in all of its glory.  The steak was very well-prepared, well-seasoned and the argula and fried egg were the perfect touches.  I can't even talk about our dessert course.  I was in a coma by that point.The dining room is still working out a few kinks.  I am one of those people who believe that if you have a reservation, your ass better be in a chair no later than 5 minutes past and we waited over a half hour past our reservation.  Everything was so wonderful, I can forgive a little tardiness.  This place is a foodie's wet dream.  Love, love, love.  Giada had the night off, so I am cashing in my retirement to return and meet the dynamo behind this mecca.
5	-Great food-Great staff-The family photo booth while you wait is an awesome idea-The meatballs were very good
5	I went back to Giada last night to give it another try.  Thanks to Laurent, who is the General Manager, he was able to accommodate a last minute reservation, as I was in town for work, and previously had a bad experience.I can say that this time was much better.  The food is amazing.  We had a party of 9 and went fairly big.  The table ordered quite a few appetizer platters (all delicious), 4 pasta dishes which were just outrageously delicious, main courses for everyone, and dessert.Each course was fantastic.  Giada has done some amazing work here.  The pastas were my favorite, and in hindsight, I wish that I ordered that as my main course (maybe 2 pasta dishes?).  For my main course I had the lamb, which was also really good.  It had a mint flavor, and was cooked perfectly.  Most others at the table ordered the Branzino, and they did seem to enjoy it as well.Dessert was amazing.  Many choices on the dessert cart, and we tried quite a few.  My favorite is probably the White Chocolate Gelato.  I have not had that flavor before and I was blown away.My only complaint about the evening was that service was pretty terrible.  We had to complain multiple times about the slow service, forgetting of orders, and incorrect dishes.  I think that it is mostly due to us having a bad waiter.  Giada herself came out to say hello and help rectify the situation.  Giada did not apologize for the service, and chalked it up to being open for 6 weeks.  I found it understandable.  Giada took a couple pictures with us, and was there quite late. They helped rectify the bad service by providing free dessert (and even telling us before we ordered it).  I found the fact that they accepted the criticism well, and responded appropriately very good.  Giada is def. worth trying if you come to Vegas.  Plus, Giada is even more pretty in person!I hope that they serve pasta at the bar in the near future so that I may return on my own and have a quicker meal.  Everyone deserves a second chance, and I'm glad that I gave Giada one!
2	Waited over an hour for our reservation. Service was just ok. Food was good but the overall experience was lacking.
5	Hands down the best Italian food I've ever had in the right proportions unlike the heaps of servings Americans are typically used to. The lobster ravioli is amazing! Everything is delicious; Giada hit it out of the park.
3	This new place is, indeed, A-OK.With no reservation we decided to check out Giada in the lounge which has a limited menu.  We were told it's first come first serve starting at 5.  We got there just after 5:30 and were greeted by a woman at the base of the escalator.  She took my name and said it would be 20 minutes.  That's okay except there isn't a stick of furniture in that space so you either have to go into the casino or stand around like an unwelcome party crasher.  After 20 minutes she said it would be another 10 (she said I was "clocked in at 5:42 and it was then 5:58."  I said that by my Iphone we had arrived at 5:35. It felt ridiculous to quibble about minutes so I let it go.  A short time later she sent us upstairs where most of the lounge tables had "reserved" signs.  So much for first come first serve.Now for the good news .....  The room is gorgeous.   The staff is attentive.  Eric, at the bar, was wonderful, informative and solicitous.  They brought the wonderful bread service which I wanted to devour but held back to leave room for other things.We ordered one of the antipasti platters with artichokes, caponata and olives.  Liked it all.  We ordered the vitello tonnato.  It was a tasty enough bite was NOT vitello tonnato.  It is a slice of veal topped with a slice of seared tuna on a crostini.  Couldn't taste the schmear of sauce. Eric explained that everything is "Giadafied".  Okay. But don't call it something it's not. I had just watched an episode of Food Network Star where Giada warned a woman not to call something Serrano ham if it isn't.  So, call this dish something else.  I shared my view with Eric and he brought us another dish to try.  Anchovy crostini.  I wouldn't have ordered it myself but it was wonderful!! Like a deconstructed Caesar salad.We also had arrancini and dessert cookies.  Both OK but unexceptional.  I wish they offered pasta at the bar. I would have liked to try one.I will certainly go back but I hope they sort out that very unpleasant greeting.  Not a nice way to start the evening.
4	Normally, I rate restaurants based only on food but the service was soo good here I had to factor that in.Honestly, I have no complaints about the food. The food was high quality and delicious. However, it was not exceptional for a fine dining restaurant.  The grilled octopus was good and I ate all of it but it was chewier than it needed it to be.The fried calamari was good but not memorable. The sauce that came with the fried calamari was excellent, hats off to the saucier. The lemon spaghetti was done well. It was good food that I would expect from this type of restaurant but nothing earth shattering.The service was exceptional. Very approachable highly trained well informed staff-everyone from the server to the managers. The hostesses could use a touch more work shining up with work flow but even they were more than adequate.I look forward to eating here again.
1	I wouldn't know how it is, since I'm here for the weekend and they are only taking reservations for locals.  I can't come from out of town and spend my money at your restaurant?Okay then, I'll go across the street to Mesa Grill and have a great dining experience with outstanding service from people who are willing to accommodate out of town visitors.
5	Just had another amazing experience! The meat and cheese selection is fantastic we tried them all if you are a fan of meats and cheese you can't go wrong for a starter course. As for a main course my favorite was the lemon spaghetti huge shrimp cooked to perfection. Last but not least you must finish your evening with the signature coffee  aka the orange mocha mio! Yummy!
5	One word.. AMAZING!My boyfriend and I were in Las Vegas for 4th of July weekend and had heard about giada's. We already had dinner plans, but since we are such big fans of hers, we decided to check it out for a late afternoon bite.As we waited for the doors to open at 5, we used Giada's photo booth which was such a fun start. We were promptly greeted and showed to our table upon opening. We were greeted right away from a very friendly cocktail server in the lounge. My boyfriend order the giada cocktail and I had their blood orange martini (it had a much better name but I forgot) both were delicious.We ordered the burrata, bacon stuffed dates and the mushroom pizzette! All were to die for. We decided to also order a chocolate orange specialty espresso and my favorite.. Polenta cake! Not to sweet, but absolutely deliciousThis restaurant has a great atmosphere and an exceptional attention to detail. From bev naps, to flatware, to all different station (pasta,bread, espresso, antipasto) to the "G" carefully crafted in out espresso and cocktails. We were also very impressed as the manager went to every single table in the restaurant to personally introduce himself and shake everyone's hand.We will definitely be going back to Giada's , and if you are in Las Vegas it should be on your list of places to go.
5	After having trouble getting a reservation, I was contacted almost immediately be the general manager, Laurent.  He went out of his way to accommodate us for lunch the following day.  Our table was gorgeous, with a view of the Bellagio fountain.  Laurent went out of his way to come over and made sure everything was going well throughout the entire meal.  Our server was Erin, who was fantastic.  She gave us suggestions and was right about everything she offered as a suggestion.We started out with the cured beef, which came with the most amazing pickled cherries.  Then we tried two different cheeses and the orzo meatball.  We split the ricotta pizza and finished up with the selection of cookies.  Everything was incredible and the dining experience was not to be outdone in the near future.Not only was this meal that we will not forget, it is one that we will be taking about for a long time.
3	Couldn't wait to check out Giada's new place as we always love her show.  Atmosphere is lovely but food was a real let down.  Silly things like our party of 4 having 3 breadsticks .   Pizette and corn w/sausage were both nice. But honestly all other dishes had such an overwhelming amount of lemon that we found them disappointing. ..Caution, portions small and prices high.
5	5 stars does not do this restaurant justice.GIADA's restaurant is top notch, first class, all the above!I can try to describe everything about the restaurant but I don't think I will be able to articulate properly. The words that need to be used to describe it is beyond my vocabulary.The very first celebrity chef restaurant I have been to that supersedes what you can expect. Going here will be one of the best dinning experiences you will have.
4	Dropped by this little joint for lunch yesterday.  The restaurant has been open for about six weeks but has only been serving lunch since last Wednesday.  The manager told me that reservations are pretty much required for dinner but lunch is easier to drop by and eat.  I'm guessing it's because people are sleeping off the prior night's festivities.  First off, the staff is very friendly and attentive.  The tables by the windows have a great view of the strip.  There is a nice lounge area between the tables and the bar.  The lunch menu is smaller than the dinner menu, serving antipasti, salads, pizzas, and sandwiches.  Oh yeah, desert too. :-) Started off with a glass of red win Sangria.  Very tasty but a little on the expensive side.  First to arrive was very good bread served with an equally tasty pesto.I had the Wood Roasted Mushrooms for my antipasti.  It was oyster mushrooms with toasted Marcona almonds and ricotta salata.  Very good antipasti.  I really like Marcona Almonds because they are so buttery but I felt the flavor got a little lost in this dish.Next was the Carbonara pizza.  Basically it was a gourmet Italian breakfast pizza.  It was topped with two fried eggs and prosciutto (I think it was Prosciutto San Daniele), and black pepper.  The dough was not very thick, the prosciutto was flavorful without being too salty, and the yolk running off the sides added to the flavor.  Overall an excellent dish!I wanted a light desert so I ordered the sorbet and gelato.  My mistake!  It came with a small scoop of each flavor: strawberry sorbet, banana sorbet, chocolate gelato and white chocolate gelato.  The sorbets were light and full of the fruit flavors.  The gelatos were also very flavorful and insanely rich!The presentations for lunch were pretty straight forward.  I'm guessing dinners plates come out a little more artistically.  I guess I have to come back for dinner and find out.So make a reservation, come to Vegas, and enjoy!
2	We were super excited to try this place and went without a reservation at about 11:30am.  The polite hostesses told us to come back in about a half an hour, which was no problem - I assumed the restaurant would be crowded and busy, as it just opened.  When we returned, we waited a little longer, then were seated near the bar.  The restaurant has an amazing view of the strip, but we couldn't see anything from our table.  The restaurant was about half empty, leading me to believe this was more of a soft open - I know they haven't been open for lunch long.Service was very friendly.  I had the Prosecco sangria, which was delicious, and we had some fantastic chicken meatballs.  The bread they brought out at the beginning of the meal was absolutely wonderful, though a bit greasy. I was very disappointed to see that there was only one pasta dish on the menu for lunch - I thought for sure Giada was famous for her delicious pasta dishes!  I couldn't order the baked pasta, as it contains pork, so I went for the lemon pesto grilled cheese, served with spiralized zucchini and potatoes.  It was quite good, but it took a really, really long time to come out.  Like, probably 40 minutes.  It's a grilled cheese!  We were getting pretty antsy - not to mention hungry - and we prefer spending our time wandering around Vegas, not sitting in a booth.My husband ordered the muffeletta sandwich, a wedge of bread with various cured meats.  We later realized this sandwich is premade and is sitting with the antipasto items in the front deli case area.  Why did it take 40 minutes to put a premade sandwich on a plate with salad?  He found the bread somewhat soggy, likely because it's premade.  It didn't take long after we left the restaurant for my husband to start to feel ill and nauseous; he ended up out of commission the rest of the day.  I'm not sure how long the sandwiches were sitting in the case, but it might have been just a touch too long.  He had not eaten anything else that day save a banana, and he hadn't had anything to drink but water.The wait staff was very kind and attentive every step of the way.  However, it appears that they just haven't worked out lunch yet.  I would not return.
5	This place is amazing. The view is spectacular and you don't feel like you are in Vegas. The presentation is so classy and elegant. You get greeted at the door, and they bring you to the table and the staff is super friendly and the hospitality is #1. Avi the general manager came around and introduced himself and made sure everything is fine.  Giada herself made a round and I was able to take a photo.  Actually she took the selfie photo and was super friendly and sweet. She looked busy and she really cares about this place because she was talking to all of the staff. The staff knew the menu well, and gave great recommendations, and they knew their wine pairing s with the food.  They are super staffed and are alert on what is going on as in food coming on time, drinks being filled up, and the timing was all perfect as the food came out.  The pasta was fresh, the soup and salad was amazing and just the right portions.  Make sure you leave room for the dessert!!! They have an amazing dessert cart that comes around and everything was made fresh and healthy.   I had the polenta cake with the fresh coffee gelato. This is one of the trendiest hottest new restaurants in Vegas. The best part of it is the location because you get natural light and it is not dark and dingy like the rest of the trendy Vegas restaurants.  The food is fresh, homemade, and amazing.  The best Staff! Super friendly and nice.
5	Our Vegas experience continues with a stop to visit Giada's with a great view of the bellagio water show... Much to some people in our party's joy, Giada is on site (Monday night at 9:00 pm) Our server, Frederick, is amazing... he explained the menu and gave excellent recommendations.  We also get a stop - off from  the GM who wants to make sure everything was going well. and not 5 minutes later, Giada strolls in, making JG go crazy. We ask our wait staff if we can meet her, and Giada walks over, saving my arm from an eminent bruising from getting hit by my friend and her repeating "Giada's HERE!!!! Giada's HERE!!!!" After the chef siting and picture taking we were treated to Giada's best and a very pleasing appetizer round. This meal is in rounds... A marathon, not a sprint, so pace yourself if you want the full experience. We had one each from all the appetizers from each category, and for dinner had the porterhouse for two, spaghetti, tortellini. Margaretta pizza, calamari, meatballs, prosciutto, and bruschetta and mushrooms were all wonderful. All offerings were perfectly prepared, tortellini was perfect sauce, not too too.. just right and porterhouse was seasoned just right.If you make it to Vegas, stop by Giada's and have one of the best meals you will ever have in Vegas! That's amore!!!!
4	I was in Vegas for a conference and made reservations for Sunday brunch this past weekend. I guess the restaurant just recently started serving lunch and so service wasa little off in that there was quite a lag and confusion with the seating, and our server during the start of the meal was quite confused as he was bringing our food to the wrong table twice! But all was well since our main waiter and his other 'assistant' were pretty attentive. Our main waiter also gave us very good descriptions of the menu items and excellent recommendations for cocktails and entrees. The food was nothing short of excellent! We started out with orzo meatballs, the caponata along with the complimentary focaccia with the side of pesto for our antipasti. They were all well prepared with each dish having the right balance of seasonings. I had the lobster roll with the lemon aioli topped with fried capers and a side of arugula salad. The lobster meat was moist and crisp, cooked just right and the lemon aioli with the fried capers rounded out the flavor of the seafood. My friends ordered the tenderloin sliders and the Venetian turkey panino; and although I didn't try their dishes they both had good things to say about the dishes. It was served with a side of zucchini 'scapecce', which was a dish made out of very thin strips (strings, if you will) of zucchini which was deep fried to perfection and very well seasoned. I would have given this restaurant a perfect 5 stars, if it weren't for the service whichprobably could improve in time with just a bit more organization.
4	A gorgeous and unique addition to the Las Vegas Strip!!This restaurant venue is like anything else in town. The location, the views, the windows, the decor, the ambiance are all top notch. Just a gorgeous place to dine.The food was really amazing. We loved the spaghetti (spa-get-tee), pizettes, chicken cacciatore, and desserts. Can't wait to go back with friends again to try some more.Only reason I am not giving the 5th star is portion size.  Three were 4 ladies in my group, none trying to eat a heavy meal but we probably ordered 4 apps, 2 pastas and and an entree to share and had plenty of room for 3 desserts. The prices aren't low but not as overpriced as many Vegas Strip restaurants.Love, love this restaurant.  Built to last!
5	From the beginning: The restaurant is open, well lit with the relaxed elegance of a California home.They have enough of a selection of specialty cocktails to keep you interested while not overwhelming you.Several members of the staff wandered over, introduce themselves and see "how you are doing". The most special surprise is when this extremely petite beauty approaches you and asks "how you like everything so far". She is wearing jeans, light makeup & a big smile. To our surprise it was Giada!!! She was gracious, kind, truly interested in what you were saying, and genuinely happy to pose for pics with everyone in the room. If that was not enough, the food was stupendous!!! Clean, fresh Italian, pasta did not feel heavy, lemon shrimp with linguini, artichoke soup, etc... I had 3 desserts & didn't feel guilty.* I have a generous expense account and based on the experience expected a hefty bill, it didn't happen. 11 people, bottled of wine, drinks, appetizers, soups, entrees, bottles of wine, dessert, appertifs, very reasonable!!!!I hope I expressed myself in a way that did Giada's justice!
5	Try the Lobster roll. A bit pricey, but the best I've had, hot or cold. Roasted mushroom app very good, however the portion was small. It really upset one if the other patrons. Giada's take is small, flavorful bites. For dessert we had the zeppole. Crisp, soft citrus bites with light powdered sugar on top. Very good and not filling. Lastly, we got a special treat with Giada stopping by for a photo :)
4	We dined here for our anniversary and am so glad we did!  First of all, my husband made a reservation but didn't write down the confirmation # and at check-in, there was no record of it.  We were very disappointed but immediately, the host manager told us she would work us in in about 20 minutes.  We walked into the restaurant and loved seeing the kitchen; same idea as the Eiffel Tower restaurant.  We sat at the bar and met two bartenders.  The male was terrific and very easy-going, personable, and loved telling about the drinks and the atmosphere - very engaging and you could tell he loved working there.  Sadly, the female that ended up making our drinks was not like that.  She would giggle and say she didn't know certain things about the restaurant and she seemed very clumsy while making our cocktails.  My husband had a rum drink that looked like a snow cone which was super cool (and tasty) and I had the Destroyer, which was made with tequila.  I think it could have been made better and muddled more, but the ingredients/idea were awesome.  The host manager came to the bar and took us to our table.  We sat just above the actual dining room but as close to it as possible.  My husband had an actual chair but I sat facing him on the couch/bench seat.  Those need lumbar cushions!  It was not ideal for eating.  We had the pleasure of having both Josephs serve us and they were both equally amazing, funny, respectful, kind, smart... everything you'd want and expect from fine dining servers.  We also met a Sommelier, Darius, and he, too, was amazing.  I would like to give an extra special shout out to Juan, who delivered our bread.  He knew every single type of bread and all condiments, he was lovely, smiled, and answered our questions.  I got the impression he was a bit nervous and lacks confidence, but he is a gem!  He will soon become a terrific server, without a doubt.  He was far more knowledgable and personable than the female bartender, that's for sure!  The overall atmosphere was a bit confusing to me.  Was it trying to be a club?  The music was distracting to me.  The decor was *not* what I would have expected after seeing Giada's TV set, and I truly hated seeing her name or initial everywhere.  I liked the white on white napkins with her name, and I liked her name on the To-Go bags, but did not care for it at all on the back of the bar stools or on some of the dishes/plates.  Now to the food... 10 Stars for that!  We started with the grilled octopus, which was indescribable!  We will order that again, and again, and again.  We also had the gorgonzola dolce, which was terrific.  For entrees, I had the lobster ravioli and I ate every single last bite.  The pasta was delicate and the lobster was plentiful.  My husband had the veal saltimbocca.  He ate it all but said he wouldn't order it again as it was pan-fried.  And for dessert, we had a variety of cookies, and the lemon ricotta one was out of this world, but we also had the honey almond chocolate ganache tart.  O.  M.  G.  !!!  I wanted to make my house out of it.  It was so delicious and a perfect balance of creamy and crunchy.  I would go to Giada's again just for dessert and order that tart.  Food = out of this world.  Servers = amazing  Bartender = 1 great, 1 not Atmosphere = tried to be different than your traditional Italian fine dining but became too eclectic for me.
2	The food gets 4 stars but ugh! the service gets barely 1 star. We had reservations last night at 8:15 and arrived a little after 8. We were told at the hostess stand that they were running about 20/25 minutes behind on reservations. Annoying yes, but we could deal. We got 2 glasses of prosecco at the bar and proceeded to wait and wait and wait. We then got 2 more drinks because we were still waiting for our reservation. I checked in with the hostesses twice and each time they just apologized and said our table would be ready soon. Finally at 9:10 we got our table. The hostess asked my husband while we were walking to our table if we were celebrating anything (our reservation had noted that it was my birthday) and he said yes, her birthday pointing at me. The hostess wished him a happy birthday and he said no, its her birthday and she said "oh" - and kept walking never wishing me a happy birthday (I was several feet behind them so didn't hear about the conversation until we were at the table). When we got to the table, the hostess simply pointed at our table and left. SHE DIDN'T PULL MY CHAIR OUT or anything. Our waiter appeared 10 minutes later and handed us our menus. He showed us the tasting menu and then disappeared without explaining the rest of the menu, making suggestions or anything. I think we must have gotten a bad waiter or something though because I heard waiters at other tables going to great lengths to explain the menu to their tables. When our food came, they brought us a corn side dish when I had ordered peas. Not a big deal, when I brought it to our waiters attention, he apologized and took back the corn dish. A few minutes later he reappeared with the peas and the same corn dish saying the corn was on the house. It was weird that he took the corn and even weirder that he brought it back - mistakes happen all the time at restaurants like this but the wrong dish is always left at the table since they can't (hopefully won't) serve it to anyone else. Proceed to dessert, which they have a beautiful cart and a very nice gentleman serving it for you. Mid-way through my dessert though, our waiter brought over an empty plate that had "happy birthday" written on it and said "sorry, happy birthday". Totally awkward. I mean at least put a piece of chocolate or something on the plate, but an empty plate? At least the food was good - not great but good. Orzo meatballs and proscuitto as a starter were good but of equal quality to whole foods. Pasta and risotto dishes were delicious - the only stars of the night. Dessert was ok - raspberry and peanutbutter tiramisu and polenta cake. Overall not impressed.
5	Amazing!  Best lunch I've ever had and probably my new favorite restaurant.  Orzo meatballs are delicious, pizza dough is very good and lasagna is surprisingly light for being a baked pasta dish.  Everything was fresh and very flavorful.  The restaurant is absolutely beautiful with nice views.  We enjoyed it so much we already made reservations to return for dinner.
5	AMAZING! Went there for my birthday dinner, July 26th..Everything was phenomenal! The service was spot-on and our waiter, Kevin was knowledgeable, personable, and very enthusiastic! Never did our water run low, we were checked on frequently and treated like VIP's at every point in our experience there..The lobster arancini was delectable...the spicy pomodoro sauce that accompanies it, we both agreed, we would have happily drank from a bowl! The bread basket is wonderful...especially Giada's rosemary bread! We shared, and highly recommend, both the lemon spaghetti and the veal saltimbucca. The combination of flavors in the lemon spaghetti sauce with roasted capers was scrumptious and the prawns are enormous! The veal saltimbucca is the kind of dish I will dream about and crave to taste again! We also shared the salad tre colore, which we also enjoyed. Both cocktails we ordered were unique and memorable and delicious. Our favorite was the Destroyer, but we also enjoyed the Le Strada! My only regret is that we didn't have room for dessert. We will definitely return and look forward to trying dessert next time!
5	I think I've died and gone to heaven in the form of Giada's kitchen.One of the best meals I've had in Vegas. When I heard they were redoing Bill's and turning it into a boutique hotel I thought that should be fun I guess. But when I heard they were turning it into a boutique hotel with Giada's first restaurant I though OH EM GEE I have to go!I finally got to try Giada the other weekend when a Vegas virgin friend of mine decided to visit and thought it would be a perfect opportunity to go. Now the big thing I should stress is: MAKE RESERVATIONS! I called about 3-4 weeks in advance as soon as I knew my friend was visiting and they told me their reservations were already booked for Friday night. However, they managed to squeeze me in by calling the restaurant themselves. Onto our night. After check-in, there was a fun (and free) photobooth where you can take 3 pics and it prints out a fun photostrip for you as a keepsake! We had been waiting a little bit outside so decided to go to the bar and wait instead. I ordered the Destroyer, which is supposedly one of Giada's personal favorite. It had tequila and I was already sold. After sipping our libations we were ushered to our table and boy was it a great table. It was a lower level booth that faced the Bellagio fountains and Ballys. Request it if you can, folks. I was digging everything about the table and decor of the restaurant. Very homey yet classy at the same time for a hotel restaurant. Request it if you can, folks.The food.. you already know if it has Giada's name on it. Our group of 3 shared three appetizers and each had a pasta dish instead of any mains and it was quite a lot of food. My favorites were the bacon-wrapped dates and my pasta dish was her lemon spaghetti. I was able to order it with chicken instead of the shrimp (personal preference). The pasta was not too lemon and a great texture and consistency. The bread 'basket' and butter sides they give you are also to die for. I asked for seconds!Overall, a simply splendid evening with great food and company. The only thing that could have made it better? Giada herself of course! We were told we JUST missed her from the afternoon :( Giada, invite me back when you are there please!
5	Wow, what an amazing experience from top to bottom.  My wife is a huge Giada fan so said I needed to eat here on a recent work trip to Las Vegas.  I'm glad I took her word as it was a delicious meal.  The front staff wasn't super friendly or warm but after you got through the doors the experience changed.  I was by myself but they gave me a phenomenal seat right along the window.  I was lucky enough to see Giada there too as she came out to speak with the table next to me.I started off with a cocktail and had to try the tasting menu after the waiter described it to me.  Plus I was able to bring home an autographed photo of Giada for my wife.  Be prepared because the tasting menu is massive so you better be hungry.  They first brought out the bread plate which was awesome and the lemon butter made it that much better.  The tasting menu started off with bacon wrapped dates, a stuffed pepper with cheese and Vitello Tonnato crostini.  All were delicious but I loved the dates and I'm not a huge date fan.  For the second course I had the super tasty lemon spaghetti with two of the most massive shrimp I've ever seen.  For the third course I got the roasted lamb which was good and the mustard crust made the meal.For dessert you got to choose from 5 which was too much.  I had the strawberry gelato (yum), a strawberry tart, lemon ricotta cookie, amaretti cookie, and my favorite the blueberry tiny donut.Excellent job Giada!
5	If I could rate Giada's higher I would! She and her team have created an elegant yet very approachable restaurant that I hope is around a long, long time. We got in for my birthday dinner (thanks Doug) and could not have been happier with the service, food, decor, and view.From the bread plate with its fresh made rosemary muffin, to the scallop and crab risotto, to the mind-blowing lemon smashed potatoes, to the filet Mignon, there was not a  wrong note the whole evening. Which itself is amazing for new restaurant.We ordered the much-applauded bacon wrapped dates, but the merguez sausage was really spicy that night. Our server took it ff our bill and was happy to bring anything else instead.Our table was in the center window and had a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains. The restaurant itself is so beautifully decorated and tasteful you wont want to rush your time here at all -- and they don't mind at all!
5	I went a couple of weeks ago for my bachelorette while stating at the Cromwell. Everything about my dining experience at giada was AMAZING! We arrived a few minutes before our reservation and while we waited we were shown to the photo booth to entertain us. We were then promptly sat - waited on a team of servers that were exceptional all the recommendations (bacon wrapped figs, lemon pasta with prawns, prosciutto) was beyond delicious- we just ordered a bunch of items and shared family style to get the most out of the menu- I recommend doing that since so everything's so good. The cocktails were also good, always had drink and water refills, staff was very accommodating, friendly, helpful without feeling like they were pushing expensive dishes. And we had a view of the Bellagio fountains :) best dining experience in Vegas that weekend, and many were good!
4	Everything was perfect.
5	Spectacular. I wish I could give it 10 stars! Everything from the service to the food was outstanding. Great drink, delicious bread with pesto and a killer carbonara pizza. I will definitely return.
5	Dang, I want to give this place four stars, but I can't.  The food is just too good.  Why four?  My wife and I had a reservation for 8:45 this past Saturday for our 11th anniversary.  We arrived early, at about 8:20.  We ended up waiting until 9:25 to be seated.  No huge deal, but the female front of house manager came up to us at about 9:10 and said she would comp our first round of drinks.  It never happened.  It also took us about 15 minutes to get our first drinks once seated.  I get it, it's new and it was Saturday night.  As for the food?  Crazy.  Crazy good.  it made me forget about the rough start immediately.  We had four courses, each as good as the other.  We started with an Salami dish that came with pickled cherries, apricot, and two kinds of mustard.  Sounds odd, but you roll them all up into one bite and you understand why they make it.  I was shocked how well they balanced each other out.  Second we had chicken marsala meatballs with roasted wild mushrooms.  I thought I knew what marsala was supposed to taste like...nope.  This was far better than any meatball and sauce I have ever had.  How did they make chicken meatballs taste that good???Third we had pasta (bucatini calabrian chili pomodoro & fresh ricotta) .  It was just as good, and now I understand why fresh pasta is key.  This dish will finally get me to break down and buy the pasta attachment for my kitchenaid mixer.  The main course we decided on was the whole roasted chicken for two, cacciatore style.  First off, they bring the chicken in a large bowl to you from the kitchen, uncut for your inspection.  They take it back at that point and cut it for you.  This gives you time to wipe the drool up.  The flavor was amazing, and had a smoked paprika rub.  The cacciatore sauce was perfect.  On the side we had crispy polenta with checca sauce.  I have never had polenta, so I did not know what to expect.  I was expecting something close to grits, but this was so much more.  The texture was like silk, and the flavor was mild and tasty.  This meal was worth the wait and the price.
4	Excellent Service, and almost perfect food. A big fan of Giada as well since I watch food network A LOT. Arrived at Vegas and this was our first stop due to our reservations. A remodel hotel that has Giada right at the 2nd floor. If you wait outside the restaurant, there is a photo booth for you to take pictures. Yes I said it, They so ballin' that they have a photo booth to use(too bad i hate taking pictures or else I'll be all over that haha). ANYWAY, when you first walk in, you can see all their different kind of homemade pastas and it's kinda an open kitchen sort of way. Greeted by our server that thoroughly explain the items on the menus and cocktails. You have an electronic(ipad) menu. We decided to order the tasting menu(I forgot the name), two appetizers, two pastas, and two entrees. The manager came up to us and check on us which was awesome. We were also given complimentary drinks which was an extra +. It was a sweet wine drink that was given to us topped with lemon. Sooooo good. Not sure why they gave us the drinks(maybe cause they're barely open)I love the hot bread that they give you. Although, I can't eat too much of that because it's such a heavy filling bread. Grilled Broccoli Rabe w/ calabrian chili vinaigrette - nothing too special but I do like the chili oil sauce on it. Plus, it's good to have some kind of veggies. Finocchiona - the salami. It was enriched with flavors. Topped with grapes and apple. Goes wonderfully together. The sampler came with Chicken Marsala Meatballs w/ roasted wild mushrooms, Citrus Marinated Calamari salad w/ sundried tomatoes & olives, Lobster Arancini w/ calabrian chili pomodoro & basil aioli, and shrimps. We ordered the medium size one. I don't know if it's me personally but I was really disgusted by the Chicken Marsala meatballs. I thought it had a really strange flavor to it and this is probably the thing I don't ever want again at Giada + the Lobster fritter thing. The lobster thing was so so. I felt like it tasted better than it looked. I liked everything else after that. They had this shrimp that was marinated in a salad sauce that was really good. They give you JUMBO shrimps because the shrimps were fucking huge. It was really tasty. The cucumber frittes/fries were addictive and so was the calamari.Personally, the two things that I loved the most was the two pastas. Ravioli (rah-VEEOH-lee) lobster, asparagus tips & tarragon  and the *Spaghetti (Spah-geh-tee) shrimp, lemon & basil. The Ravioli was Godly good. The skin was perfect and the inside was filled with lobster. I recommend eating it as a whole bite because if you tried to eat it piece by piece, the sauce comes out from the ravioli making it less flavorful and tasty. The *Spaghetti (Spah-geh-tee) shrimp, lemon & basil was really amazing. It seems so simple but the spaghetti was soo good. It tasted fresh and they had fresh shrimp that compliments it well. The lemon and basil wasn't too strong which made me love the dish. I recommend people to get their pastas...it was heavenly. The two entrees were lovely as well. The waiter described the salmon as one of the best salmon you can get and I think he was right. It was so juicy and it was cooked perfectly. It seemed like it was still a little raw but i think it was meant to be like that because it just add another layer to the dish. I could do without the succotash. The veal was really good as well. It was fried perfectly. if you cut it, the juices flows out. Look at pictures and it is topped with cheese on top. A really heavy dish.Oh and the other thing I didn't like about GIADA was the side dish Sweet corn & spicy sausage . I think it was a personal thing but I thought the corn wasn't cooked all the way. the sausage tasted fine and all but the corn had a nasty texture to it. BEsides that, I recommend GIADA to all people. I can't wait to come back again the next time and trying more of their pastas and hoping to meet Giada herself. Excellent experience with amazing food and service! Cheers
5	I loved everything about this restaurant--especially the customer centered service.  Oh, the food was Outstanding.  Every bite was delicious.  However, it it the "people" who make this a great experience and a tribute to Giada's name.From the moment you are greeted at the top of the escalator until you pay your check (very reasonable prices for the high quality of food), you understand that the people working there are really happy to be there and to be of service to you.  They are right there for your every need and request.My hat goes off to the manager of Giada, as he is doing a difficult job and getting a 10 Star result.
5	Loved it! Wanted to visit this place since it opened and reading the reviews was just making me more and more interested in going. Sat at the bar since I was just dining by myself, hostesses were nice and welcoming, even offered me a small tour of the restaurant. Eric, the bartender who took care of me, owned the bar! He was making great suggestions to all of his customers. I started with a cocktail, the Destroyer it was so good but 18 dollars refrained me for getting a second one. For my meal I decided to make two antipasti and a pasta dish. Great choice! I started out with the Vitello Tonato crustini antipasto, it was a fancier version from the rustic original Italian version, but all the flavored were there! Delizioso! Second came the Bacon Wrapped Dates, good but I was still overwhelmed by the crustini I had before. Eric offered me a small splash of Nero D'Avola to pair my dates and enjoy them better, it made a huge difference. Before my entree I had the Oro di Milano beer, nice and full bodied beer, around 8,5 abv. Finally the dish that blew my mind came, the Lobster Ravioli!! Wow, I was speechless when I took the first bite. Everything in that plate balanced perfectly, I could go back tomorrow and eat the same thing again!! Overall, great experience! Would definitely recommend and come back for more!!
1	My mom and I were visiting Vegas and were looking forward to our meal at Giada's as we both love her cooking.  We were seated quickly upon arrival and the decor and ambiance was beautiful.  Our waitress Karina came over to us and let us know her and George would be taking care of us today.  She asked if we wanted anything other than water but we both declined as all we wanted was water due to the hot Vegas weather.  She seemed extremely annoyed that all we wanted was water.  We then were left to look at the menu, and decide what we wanted...for about 20 minutes before Karina returned again, asking us what we decided on.  At that point my mom and I asked her to explain the menu and let us know what her recommendations were.  The disgust on her face was enough to make me want to leave, she went through the menu while looking like she wanted to do anything other than help us.  Meanwhile, we were watching the waiter Michael, who had the tables around us great everyone, explain the menu and his picks and help everyone pick out a meal.  We then decided on some pizza's, salads and olives.  After we ordered, we didn't see Karina again until she brought us our check.  Our water was never refilled, we couldn't find anyone to refill it, our food was brought by someone else which in most upscale restaurants it is, but Karina never even came by to see how we liked our meal.  We were treated like we didn't belong there, and it ruined the meal and the whole experience.  When they give you your check they also give you an iPhone to fill out a survey about your experience and leave a name and number so they can contact you.  I left this similar review with my name and number and was never contacted.  Overall, the food was amazing but not worth the money or time due to the terrible service we received.  We visit Vegas often and we will never be back again, and I'll be sure to spread the word with family, friends and/or strangers about how badly they treat their customers.
3	~Not Impressed, more like Indifferent~Let me start off by saying,  I am a big fan of Giada.I've watched her on the Food Network for over 7 years, bought her cooking books, and watched her empire grow. I was so excited to try her restaurant. The service was excellent! The food was delicious but extremely rich. My sister and my mother got sick. Maybe, if you only take a bite, like how Giada eats, then maybe you won't get sick. The Meat and Cheese Board is to die for! It's a must have to start. The Shrimp was incredible in one of her famous dishes, The Spaghetti (Shrimp, Lemon, & Basil). However, the sauce was way too much, it was too buttery, creamy, cheesy. What ever happened to a little olive oil and lemon? This was way to rich and took away from the flavor of shrimp. Sometimes, the simpler the better.  Do not get the Rigatoni (Vegetable Bolognese) I think this is the dish that ultimately got my sister sick. I took one bite and it was whatever.The Cookies were Spectacular.Maybe my expectations were too high.
5	Make sure you call for a reservation or make the reservation thru opentable.com request for a window seat. It's worth the evening and trip. I love everything about her :)
1	Tried to book a table using the "locals number" and was told there is only one number. Needless to say we were unable to get a dinner reservation on our 48th anniversary on Aug. 21 or anything close. Guess we will celebrate at one of the other great restaurants in Las Vegas.
5	From the ambiance to the view to the wait staff to the exquisite taste bud popping highly imaginative dishes, presentation and service - this is one of the world's best restaurants.
4	It wasn't hard to persuade my boyfriend that we should select Giada for my recent birthday dinner. In fact, he was ecstatic. So ecstatic to the point where if he hadn't planned me the best birthday weekend ever, it'd bother me...just a little...This 4-star review is one that could easily be a 5-star my next visit. Are first impressions everything? No, but boy do you remember them!We made reservations via OpenTable for 5:45pm. We checked in at the hostess stand and waited by the entry. A few minutes went by and we watched a handful of hostesses trying to appear organized, while we watched a few more parties check in and wait along with us. No parties were seated. Then, one of the hostesses came and asked again what name our reservations were booked with. She returned to the hostess stand, and we waited. A few minutes later, a different hostess approached us and suggested we order some drinks at the lounge while we wait. Feeling a bit skeptical, but we did just that. We ordered drinks at the lounge, the only available table had empty beer bottles from the previous customers. A manager approached and welcomed us to the restaurant and thanked us for joining them for dinner. Then, he walked away. My thoughts? Anyone? How about seeing to getting tables bussed... or helping the hostesses seat some parties? Before our drinks arrived, a DIFFERENT hostess (yes, there were about 5 of them, at least) informed us that our table was ready and that our drinks can be delivered to our dinner table. She asked, "Who was your cocktail server?" My boyfriend and I looked at her blankly, the server didn't introduce herself and we didn't notice if she wore a nametag. The hostess gave us this look like "What, you don't remember the server you had a 20-second interaction with?!?!" She walked off without another word, asked around to find out who was our server, then returned to seat us. We finally got to our table at 6:15pm. I understand, maybe 1/2 hour isn't the most horrible wait time, but that whole scenario made it seem forever. Okay enough, on with the food!Citrus Marinated CalamariLobster AranciniSpah-geh-teeVeal Chop SaltimboccaHomemade GelatoHer spaghetti lives up to the hype, it was amazing! The shrimps underneath the pasta were unbelievable, I think I cut one shrimp into five pieces. The lobster arancini were delicious, but I could've lived without the calamari. I'd probably have gone with the fried version next time. My boyfriend said the veal chop was good, but the portion was too big and a little too much breading for his taste. The gelato? We got two scoops, roasted banana and white coffee w/ chocolate shavings. Yum!The service at the table? Phenomenal! I can't say one bad word about it. Our server was friendly, knowledgeable, and timely without the feeling of being rushed. I have to say I LOVED the ambiance and decor. Everything from the glass straw for your iced tea, elegant feminine silverware, the fresh pasta noodle display, even her restrooms with hand paper towels with "Giada" printed on them just screamed the chef and her classy style. It's a place I'd love to return to have lunch with just the gals.FYI: - Make your reservations at OpenTable online. I attempted to change our dinner time via the Cromwell. OpenTable had seatings available that the Cromwell did not offer.- They offer a dinner tasting menu for $125/person that includes many of the popular items for every course. Full table participation only.- They charged for our dessert, even though we were celebrating a special occasion. Were we spoiled in expecting that? The gentlemen with the elegant dessert cart did write Happy Birthday on my plate and make me feel special, plus the gelato was incredible!- Giada herself did not make an appearance that night. Good thing my boyfriend fell into a deep content food coma over the delicious dinner or he'd have been utterly disappointed. Hopefully next time!
2	Eh. Went in mid july for our 1 year wedding anniversary dinner. Tried to book reservations 2 weeks before we got to Vegas, but they were all booked. (this was before Giada was open for lunch). My hubby and I were waking past the Cromwell (please see separate review) and we wandered upstairs to get a look at Giada's. We were able to make a reservation a week in advance for dinner at 9:30pm on a Monday. Upon making the reservation, the hostess asks if we will be celebrating anything special. I tell her its our anniversary. (thinking maybe Giada will come say hi?!). They were very vocal in telling us about the dress code. However, as we arrived in our Sunday best. people strolled in wearing sneakers, shorts, and maxi dresses from the pool...The night of our reservation, we arrive a few minutes early. There is a free Photo Booth there that was a fun and free souvenir. The open concept kitchen as you walk into the dining room is gorgeous. Fresh antipasti station, Fresh pasta being handmade, bread being baked... The room itself is beautiful. Very white, very chi chi. Very Manhattan pretentious. When you are first seated, the waiter brings you a menu with "Giada's selections". This menu is several courses meant to work together that Giada arranged to compliment eachother. This was $120 pp. We weren't interested in eating all that. The waiter brought over an iPad to take drink and antipast orders. I didn't want to drink and the (3) choices of antipast did not impress me. I was praying the whole menu wasn't on an iPad because this layout was so annoying to use. Finally the waiter comes back with a real menu. I am a major foodie (please see ALL my reviews), and it took me forever to find something I was interested in eating. This rarely (if ever) happens to me. Giada raved and raved about having "gluten free food", so we expected to see GF pasta. NOPE. Her GF foods were meat and veggies, which by the grace of God, are GF already. That was a disappointment. Again, it  took forever to figure out what to order. GIada's Italian food is not your "traditional" Italian food. (ex spaghetti and meatballs, manicotti, braciole, red sauce, etc). For traditional, amazing,  Italian food, please see my review for Buddy V's. Her food is more Mediterranean Italian- lots of lemon, fennel- very different recipes and combinations of food. I felt lost and unfamiliar with the menu. We wound up ordering chicken marsala meatballs, shrimp scampi with marscapone cheese, and we each had a salad. The meatballs were excellent. Shrimp scampi was very different. Not at all garlicky, which is often synonymous with scampi. Salads were good. They bring out a big selection of bread to the table, with pesto dip and several other dips, and that was good. The only thing I entertained getting as an entree was the rack of lamb, but it was $45, and something I make at home. I wanted something different. For dessert they bring over an entire cart of desserts- from homemade gelato, to cookies, to pastries... we had cappuccinos and tiramasu. I had traditional Tiramasu and my husband had Peanut butter & Jelly tiramasu. Those were amazing. It was extra cool that GIada was there that night cooking, and coming out to tables in the dining room to talk with patrons. They seemed to send her out to select tables, aka high rollers, as she didn't go around the room to all. That wasn't cool. It was very cool to see her in person, as I am a big fan of her shows, but being the anniversary and all, she could have stopped by. I wonder why they even asked that...We felt it was a little too much for us. We are laid back people that enjoy casual places. Not enough offerings on the menu for our palette. We go to Vegas every year, and I don't think we would go back. For 2 people for 2 appertizers, 2 salads and 2 desserts with cappuccino, it was over $100. Portions are SMALL.
5	We made a reservation about 1 month in advance for our dinner at Giada's. My husband and I were celebrating our 10 year anniversary and my mother joined us for our meal (her treat which was awesome). Our seating time was @5:15, and we arrived a few mins early so we stood and looked at the different pictures and such on the walls before being seated. We were given a tour of the stations and explained what each person was doing. We were seated in the corner, kind of like a little private space, it was really nice. The windows were shut and blinds pulled because the sun just pounds that space from about 5:00-7:00. Once 7:00 hit, they raised the shades so you could look outside. Upon being seated, we were greeted by our server who was very very very knowledgeable about everything. He showed us the I-pad with the drinks and such. Also, we had a lady who would fill our waters and give new plates and such for courses. She was so kind, we warned her we were extremely thirsty as we had played tennis at The Cosmo that day and she sure made her promise of never leaving us with an empty water glass. The general manager also came by to introduce us and to wish us a happy anniversary. We choose the following 3 drinks to kind of "share" and "try"........#1 Hannibal: Botran Reserve Rum, Maurin Quina, fresh lime, blood orange and mint syrup, Chianti float. It was served in a giant goblet glass with crushed ice. The Chianti float was served in a lime turned inside out. #2 La Strada: Campari, homemade lemon sorbeto, Bertagnolli Limoncello, Proseco. This was the lightest of the drinks. Very refreshing.#3 The Destroyer (Conan the Destroyer)Clase Azul Tequila Reposado, fresh tangerine, orange and basil, basil ice sphere. This was the strongest and my husbands favorite. We then choose 3 apps to share:#1 Wood Roasted Mushrooms w/ toasted marcona almonds & ricotta salata. Very good, great assortment of different mushrooms.#2 *Rollatini - ricotta stuffed Eggplant & pomodoro. Very small but very good.#3 Calabrese, spicy calabrian chili, the original pepperoni, pork. When ordered, this was my least favorite but ended up being very very good.#4 (just my husband) Pasta e Fagioli w/ creste di gallo, cannellini & parmigiano-reggiano (soup)My husband and mother shared the assortment of breads and breadsticks as I cannot eat them because of wheat allergy. They were very kind in asking if it was ok if they brought the bread out as I could not have it. We then choose 2 pasta courses to share. I am gluten free, so the knowledge the server had about it was wonderful. #1 *Spaghetti (Spah-geh-tee) shrimp, lemon & basil made with their house made gluten free pasta. It was excellent. I always get worried ordering gluten free pasta as its usually just an afterthought. The server assured me that Giada would not put something on the menu she was not confident was the best. Let me tell you this was the best gluten free pasta I have ever had. I could tell the time and perfection that went into it. That night, the gluten free pasta was a bucatini. #2 Risotto (ree-ZOHT-oh) crab & scallops. The scallops were amazing. I could of eaten a meal just on that. Risotto perfectly cooked. We then choose 2 mains to share. Honestly, if I went again, I would just order more apps and pasta courses and skip mains. Don't get me wrong, the mains were very good but I just really loved the apps and pastas.#1 Branzino, w/ tangerine vinaigrette. Very good and very fresh. #2 Whole Roasted Chicken for two, cacciatore style. Beautiful presentation before actually cutting it up and serving. Chicken had a spicy rub and the sauce made from the veggies roasted with the chicken were good. All night we watched this poor desert guy push his cart around trying to not to take people out. Its a cool idea but really seems like it gets in the way. His cart was parked by us and they switched the cookies out 3 times during our 2 hours. Kind of seems like a waste, I hope they give those cookies to the food pantry or something. They presented us with a plate that said happy anniversary written in chocolate and we choose a very good strawberry sorbet to share. All in all I would say Giada's was a wonderful experience and one I will never forget. It was a very beautiful place and classy yet I never felt out of place. It still had a very casual feel and I love how they encourage you to share with your group. It really makes dining fun and allows you try new things. We all decided this would have to be added to our yearly trip each year.
4	This place was great and the food was good. But beware of the high prices and everything is a la carte. Also, the food portions are very small so you do have to get appetizers to be happy. Drinks will cost you about $18 and up. The restaurant  was beautiful and we got a window view.  Dinner was romantic and we got to watch the Bellagio fountains from our view.  I had the risotto with scallops and crab which was delicious! My husband had the Veal and was in Heaven. 2 drinks each, dinner and apps came out to $200 with tip. Not too bad for a special occasion but not for a Wednesday evening dinner.
5	This is now our favorite restaurant in Vegas. I can't think of anything negative to say. Everything was above expectations, from our greeting as we ascended the restaurant's escalator to the menu, service, ambiance, and food. Can't wait to go back!
5	Walking in, there is a view of fresh ingredients and appetizers displayed in the easily seen kitchen. The atmosphere had an overall modern luxury vibe which was shown through the employee uniforms, furniture, and the art/design. The place was booked so we sat in the lounge area. The service was unsatisfactory from our waitress but the restaurant manager who introduced himself earlier made us feel welcome. The service remained poor, but we ordered and ate appetizer and entree. At one point the waitress from the table next to us dropped a white wine glass. The wine and shattered glass got on me, and they apologized. The manager once again came over and personally apologized and comped our meal. So overall the bad service was balanced out by the attentive and understanding manager (Avi).Anyway, now to the only part that matters; the FOOD.We ordered the rigatoni, salumi pizzette, and tortellini plates along with the medium veggie appetizer assortment. All the food was absolutely exquisite. Everything was fresh, and had an original and unique twist to classic dishes. I highly recommend this place despite the flaws in service. Also, the desserts are epic too so leave some room!
3	The ricotta and pecorino were the best dishes we ordered. Waiter joe (short one) gave us one of the most pretentious, semi-attentive and unwelcoming (I felt like he was expecting us to be thankful that we were there) service jobs in a high end restaurant. Very opinionated and seemed disappointed if we did not order what he steered us toward$$!  Food was a mixed batch. I for sure made better tasting dishes myself off of her recipes/tv shows!! Chicken sucked none of us (4 of us) liked it but why did the waiter and even the sommelier try to push the dish??
4	My first trip. Located on second floor of the Cromwell. Tips. This place takes reservations. Most dinner times of 5-9 are a two month out for a reservation. Lunch recently began to be served. Lunch dress code is relaxed and dinner is business casual. Dress code is enforced.Experience. At arrival we are greeted immediately at the base of stairs to confirm our lunch reservation. Also confirmed and greeted at the front desk. She kindly informs us to wait a few moments to try the photo booth to the left and are escorted to our tables.Our server Anthony arrived in a timely manner to introduce himself and his help. He was kindly insured we placed a drink order. We were unsure on what to order and he described some of his favorite beverage choices. Giada's Sangria with Brachetto and Fortunella 1958 with Don Julio were the drinks we ordered. Anthony kindly informed us that restaurant was out of Don Juilo and was substituting with Patron. Rare to find a restaurant out of beverage. Without Don Julio I went with my second choice Barbarella 1968 with Tanqueray Ten. Waiter respected and agreed with my opinion and affirmed the second choice was his favorite drink. Drinks were served and food order was taken without delay. Both drinks I would describe as a good balance with alcohol and freshly matched ingredients. Sangria was crisp and savory. Barbarella similar to a Moscow Mule was harmony of gin, ginger beer, fresh lemon and basil. Drinks ordered were refreshing for the hot temperatures outside of the restaurant. Alcohol was not over powering either. Anthony made suggestions for the meal. We followed some suggestions and ordered others. We ordered appetizers from the antipasti meat and cheese including Chicken Marsala Meatballs, and Pecorino Tartufo with Apricot Preserves served with fresh made flat bread and dipping sauce. Dipping sauce similar to that of a pesto. Yum. Pairing flat bread with pecorino and apricot spread just magnificent. The components of pecorino worked well on its own and together. Harmony. Meatballs paired with vine roasted tomatoes in a savory Marsala. Tender soft meatballs. Sauce was flavorful and one of the best I had. Tomatoes lightly toasted to maintain it's integrity. As a whole this was a nice antipasti. Pieces were good on its own but in my opinion lacked a little cohesion for the appetizer. This item is on their dinner menu and I would still order it. We ordered from the sandwiches from servers suggestions. Muffuletta sandwich with mortadella, finocchoina, porchetta, prosciutto cotto, and aged provolone. Similar to an Italian salumi trio, was bursting with spice and fair amount of provolone on a fresh rustic bread. Prepared warm from the grill, this is what a  sandwich should be. This sandwich pays true homage to the influences of Giada's family into the restaurant. Sandwich is served with choice of arugula salad or zucchini scapecce. Arugula salad was elected to pair with this. Lightly dressed and topped with parmesan that hit an accord with the sandwich. I couldn't complain if this was the only thing I ordered. Between the muffuletta sandwich and arugula salad I think I could eat all day without feeling guilty.Other sandwich was the Lobster Roll with lemon basil aioli and fried capers. The roll was by far one of the best deals on the menu. Ten ounces of lobster piled on a roll with the citrus aioli was succulent, creamy, savory, and sweet. Nothing over powering just right and not too aromatic with the lobster and citrus. Paired this with the zucchini scapecce like a zucchini onion strings. Not greasy but crispy enough with flavor to enjoy on it's own or pair with the lobster roll. Lightness of the zucchini paired nicely to the sandwich. Both light sides were good pairings. Overall the appetizers, sandwiches, sides, and drinks were great. Service was outstanding. Restaurant as a whole was refreshing, exceeded the expectations and hype. The restaurant reflects the pride, tradition which tributes to Giada's family and California influences. I would make sure I had a reservation the next time I am out to Las Vegas. A must try if you like food. Server was very personal and knowledgeable of menu. Server was efficient, friendly, and well articulated. It showed with suggestions. We enjoyed the meal from some suggestions he made and our own selections. Serve, wait, and host staff worked well like a oiled machine or an orchestra on key.Overall four stars for exceptions from a slight delay on the check to get to us, a little pricy, and no clue what lunch was because lunch menu (just started serving lunch) was not available until we ate there. Five stars on food, service, and drinks. We had plenty on our list of things to do for this Vegas trip and this is a definite return place for us.
3	Very pretty restaurant, but it felt really mature (if you know what I mean) and a little boring. It was very quiet; there were no fun conversations going on, but it's possible we should have expected that. There were not enough vegetarian options, but the wine and desserts were delicious. There's a fun and free photo booth though!
4	I'm a big fan of Giada, I enjoy watching her on food network and have tried to make some of her recipes which are outstanding. Needless to say, I had high expectations. The staff were quite knowledgable, and the manager did come to the table and introduce himself, which was nice. We went in for lunch and we ordered a bottle of prosecco, which was excellent and perfect accompaniment to our meal. The put the bottle on ice somewhere else, which resulted in our glasses running empty several times. We had the burrata with the balsamic sea salt, it was excellent. It would be nice to receive bread when we got the cheese. We basically sat there starring at the cheese and each other until we received the bread. We also had the orzo meatballs, they were good and quite tiny. I ordered a salad for lunch with chicken paillard. When the salad came it looked great, but then I started to cut into the chicken, it was so greasy!!! The waiter came to check on us, I chose not to say anything because i didn't want to make a scene of any description. The waiter mentioned how crispy the chicken was and I was laughing on the inside because this thing was so far from crispy. My husband had the lobster roll, it was good, but not what we pictured as a lobster roll. It was like an open faced sandwich. Overall, not bad, I might go back, but there are many other restaurants in Vegas to try, so it might be a long time.
5	I am a huge fan of Giada and could not wait to go to this restaurant. We made a reservation to go there on a Sunday evening for 7 people. We were greeted in a very friendly manner by the hostess who suggested we go to the bar before our complete party arrived. We ordered drinks at the bar- the Hannibal being my favorite as well as the Giada. The manager greeted us and welcomed us to the restaurant - exceptional attention and concern for guests. We were seated at our table and were then greeted by our waiter who had exceptional knowledge of the menu while he walked us through everything and gave recommendations of what to order. Staff is very attentive and brings whatever you need to the table in a very professional manner. We started with the bacon wrapped dates, mushrooms, soup, and a meat plate. Everything was in small portions but absolutely delicious. The main dishes did not disappoint either- lobster ravioli, lemon shrimp pasta ( my favorite) risotto, tortellini, etc were all exceptional. Dessert came on a cart and the waitress explained all the options to us. The cookies, tiramisu, cappuccino and coffee drink with nutella were all completely amazing! If you go here be prepared to know that portions are small and the meal is meant to be in stages like Giada would have at a dinner at her house. The personal touches in the restaurant complete the experience and the open windows give the restaurant an open feel. Overall I loved this place. It is a little pricey but for quality ingredients and service. This is probably the nicest restaurant I have been to and perfect for special occasions. I loved it and hopefully will go back in the future!
4	I visited Giada at the newly renovated Cromwell for the first time a couple of days ago, and I'm left confused about how to describe this place, but here are the first ten words that come to mind:Delicious.Complicated.Beautiful.Unique.Annoying.Surprising.Pretentious.Well-intentioned.Pricy.Enjoyable.Is this list schizophrenic? That might be appropriate, because dining here is a wildly multi-sensory, potentially annoying, but delicious experience.FOODFor me, a restaurant is about many things but primarily the food. In this area, Giada is superb. The complicated menus -- plural -- are large, but once we got through them every single bite was delicious. Nothing was merely average. Everything was scrumptious.My table of four ordered enough for a small country -- in part based on a dubious suggestion from our server that the dishes are intentionally small; I'm familiar with small-plates concepts, so we followed his lead and ordered the following from two of the three menus to share. From the sampler menu, which is presented via iPad with sampler "packages", we ordered the option with bacon wrapped dates, a pea pesto crostini, calimari, stuffed baby sweet peppers, mushrooms, and potentially several other things I can't remember. Everything was stellar. I suggest you wear a diaper, because the bacon-wrapped dates may make you wet yourself.From the main printed menu, we shared a wild mushroom pizette, spaghetti with lemon and shrimp, risotto with crab and scallops, branzino with tangerine vinaigrette, veal saltimbocca, and lemon potatoes.First, all of the above were crazy delicious. I would taste something and think, "This is the best." Then I tasted the next item and thought, "Oh, this is the best." And so on. In the end, the veal saltimbocca was probably the standout for me.Second, I would not classify these as small plates. I'm a fatty, and I would have been satisfied with one pasta OR one main, not the pasta AND main as suggested. We over ordered, which drove the bill up.  I can't help but think the servers are simply trained to sell, sell, sell. It's a smart business move -- just perhaps not in the best interest of the patron. My suggestion if you go to Giada: by all means over order to sample everything if money isn't an issue, because it is delicious. However, do not feel you need to. You'll be satisfied with one pasta or one main if you share a couple appetizers.Common threads through everything we tasted were lemon...and complication. For example, we ordered iced tea -- and even that's complicated. It's brewed at your table for one cup, so no refills. At Giada, if you order x, they'll do x, but it's a production to do x.(By the way, the three variety bread course served was yummy and is served with an option of wonderful spreads.)MENUSI've already mentioned two of the menus we received. The third menu was the tasting menu with no price listed. We asked: it was $110 per person. For that you receive pre-selected favorite items, an autographed picture of Giada de Laurentiis, and the recipes for the items you ate, in a souvenir folder.Really? I understand that Giada is a celebrity chef. I personally find her delightful, but the autographed picture offer seemed like a narcissistic gimmick. Her food speaks for itself. (And eloquently.)We did not order dessert, but the dessert tray is huge -- literally. There were about 20 to choose from on a behemoth cart.SERVICEThis was my biggest issue at Giada. Everyone was well-intentioned and friendly but overly trained and zealous -- so much so that my party felt it oppressive. Throughout the dining room, servers stood at attention as if in the military, waiting to "help" but actually hovering. They wanted to engage after every dish for feedback, and it was just a bit much. The restaurant is new, so perhaps management will tame this with time.ATMOSPHEREWhere to begin? The restaurant is beautiful, and again, complicated. I counted about eight different seating styles/chairs/lounges/table types/environments on various levels. The art is colorful and plentiful, and the lighting is fun and fascinating. One would think throwing all of this together would be bombastic. In a way it is, but it also works. The windows open for a wonderful, open air feel -- complete with noisy traffic and strip noise (which I found charming) and incredible view of the Bellagio water show. If you're a small party, request a seat near the open air windows.There's also a photo booth near check-in. This is a playful, very nice touch. Your seating hostess will also offer you a tour before you're seated if interested. She was hard to hear among the noise, but it's another unique touch.NUTSHELLDespite the high price tag, I would have rated Giada 5 stars had it not been for the borderline-intrusive service. Go...but bring your wallet. Bring your appetite. And bring your patience. You'll need all to fully enjoy the delicious schizophrenia.
5	First note to self: Make sure you make reservations! Secondly, make reservations at the RIGHT Giada's. Apparently there is a Giada's restaurant in Henderson, NV (no relationship).   The restaurant ambiance is light, white and bright! We had reservations at 5 pm last Sunday before our show so it was a great time to enjoy light traffic in the restaurant.  We loved the appetizers: orzo meatballs, burrata cheese and a few other items! yum!  Of course, we tried the lemon spaghetti with shrimp which was like everyone suggested GREAT!  Then the finale of the desserts tray came by- yum! The nipples of venus were little truffle balls and we also shared a fruit tiramasu which was tasty. Enjoy a great time and experience! The nice touch was that the manager came by our table for a personal introduction which you don't see much anymore.  Last note, the max for wine corkage is two bottles per table.
5	Ah Vegas. Land of the buffets or my personal favorite...beer in a football container! Once in awhile though, you should class it up and have a nice sit down dinner! When you do, Giada should be one of your top 5 places to go!I'm sure you've read the other reviews about how everything is fresh & delicious. Basically it's true. You cannot go wrong with ordering off the menu (even the drink menu!). If you have doubts, ask your server who is very attentive to your needs. When we visited in late July, we were fortunate enough for Giada to be there. (If she's there, you get a small glass of Prosecco) Even more fortunate was that she made rounds and stop by our table to see how things were going and took a picture with us! She truly seem interested to make sure we enjoyed our experience even though I bet she was tired being one of the later dinners of the night (9:30 reservation..she probably came by around 10:30p)My only gripe is that some of the tables are really close together (in the area we sat there were three small couples table together). So that was a little bit of a drag. It's not like the other couple was annoying, but sometimes you need some personal space! So keep that in mind, or so show up in a group of 4 :)A first class dining experience through and through and the price reflects that! Also reservations are really hard to come by (not a surprise) so reserve early! We will come back again (after I hit the tables and win enough to cover dinner!)One last tip, for an after dinner/dessert drink, get the cappugiro. Absolutely fantastic!
3	Right off the start - we went for lunch.  Maybe that was our problem, but with short stay and long booked reservation list that's all we got.  Starting with the good:There is a very tasteful photo booth in the waiting area.  Big hit withy my kids.The staff is very well trained and extremely open.  They explained all the dishes and showed us around, offered DVD player for the kids and plain were extremely well trained.  Huge kudos for them.We'll laid out space and decor - pink but not overly so.Now for the bad.The food!  Every dish we got except for complementary bread was nothing to write home about.  I always had a suspicion that all the food network chefs in an attempt to outdo each other long forgot that they are cooking food that people would like rather than showcase usually a random or very pricey list of ingredients.  I watched Giada a few times and had the feeling that she's basically adding "extra sugar to Pepsi".  IE nothing is really wrong - but what she does kills the taste of any of the underlying ingredients.  Which is exactly what we got for our meal.  I always thought that beauty of Italian food was the freshness and the taste you get with a few very basic ingredients - flour, salt, egg, and water.  And then eggplant, sweet peppers and, say, oregano.  What I got in my baked pasta - was a vat of melted cheese with something resembling about 1/2" of flat pasta and a few chunks of somewhat undercooked eggplant.  Really?  Good thing Giada still did not discover truffles!  Tuna sandwich was just that - chunks of tuna with a bunch of stuff.  My daughter's pizzette looked good, but she said that the pizza I make at home is better (right!).  And chicken fingers for my son?  My wife and I looked at each other with "...there is something we are misunderstanding here..." expression.We read dessert descriptions - sounded like all the expensive sweet ingredients piled together and decided to pass.In any case - Giada never promised to cook Italian, and nobody dragged us to the restaurant.  So it's our fault for choosing incorrectly.But once again - wait staff carried the day - the best trained people I've ever seen.
5	Went for lunch. Great vibe! Fresh flavors! Honored gluten and dairy free needs. Awesome view!
4	I am giving the food 3.5 stars and the cocktails 5 for a total of 4 stars. It's not that the food was bad. It was good. Better than I was expecting actually. I always thought that Giada was riding the coattails of her grandfather and her good looks with all the success she has had within the food industry and that the food would rate right in there with Carrabas or Papa Vinos but it was actually pretty decent. They are still pretty new at this point so they have plenty of time to up their game.It was great being able to see a lot of the ingredients they were using kept in plain sight of the diners. Everything looked fresh and delicious. I think they have a great concept going on here and should do just fine. My advice? Bring the food up a notch or the price down a notch and you will be right in the pocket.The desserts were delicious. They bring out a cart filled with 3 shelves of desserts. It made for a great presentation. We all had something different and everyone was blown away. Now as far as the bar goes... bartender Eric Hobbie made us some cocktails that were 100% off the chain... and off the menu for that matter! He improvised a few cocktails for us based on our likes and dislikes. A true artist in love with his craft is always a great find and Giada, or whoever hand picked this guy, hit a grand slam. We will be going back just to sit with Eric again and experience some more liquid gold. The entire bar staff offered great service and were all very knowledgeable about everything on the menu. On a side note, the manager asked one of my party to remove their hat, which they did without question or attitude and the manager even apologized over and over but it still bothered me a little, although it didn't bother my friend in the least bit. And, for the record,  I don't blame the manager, he was just doing his job and he was very polite and professional about it. I blame the owners. I think it's time for some of these upscale strip restaurants to get over themselves. Good food is for everyone and we spend quite a bit of money when we go sit down and start eating and drinking. We liked the drinks and had a good time at the bar so we will probably go back, but if we had to make a decision based on food alone... trust me, we wouldn't be going back to the room to change. There are plenty of Italian fine dining  restaurants that don't mind a baseball cap or two at their bar for hours. Actually, Giada is probably doing a disservice to a lot of her fans. I would guess that if you polled a lot of the people that would be interested in eating Giada's food you would probably find that a good percentage of them wear ball caps or have husbands/boyfriends that wear ball caps on the strip. So come on Giada, when it gets down to the nitty gritty, your fame came from the same channel that spawned Fieri so lets not get too uppity just yet. You have to earn it.
5	Trust me... this is one of the great food experiences of Las Vegas.  Easily headed to our top-ten list.  From the initial greeting to the final goodbye we experienced professionalism, good food and drink, and a true feeling like everyone was on the same page making sure that good times happen for the guests. Giada and her team goes all the way and succeeds; thanks to all for giving us one of the times of our lives!
5	I have been to Giada a few times since they have been open and I have yet to be disappointed.The food, service and vibe of the restaurant are simply amazing.From Javi the general manager through Turley our server..even the young girl struggling to push the dessert cart around a crowded restaurant...their attention to detail and ability to relate to the customer are second to none.Our appetizers, entrees and desserts were delicious. I look forward to my next visit!
4	New upscale eating spot in the Cromwell; second floor corner overlooking the strip and fountains; nicely done, you'll like the room.Service was outstanding; they are clearly trying to put themselves on the map.Only had wine and an appetizer; but good wine picks by the glass although not extensive.  Appetizer was excellent; decent quantity.Worth a visit, if you are looking for upscale on The Strip.
1	we had a terrible experience there!tha place looks like a hospital,actually a cheap hospital,terrible furnitures and the bar looks cheap as well(bartenders were talking to us as we were some sort of hillbillies and their mannerism was terrible as well).when we got accommodated to our table we had a very slow service,,our server valentino had a lot of attitude and was not pleasant at all,wrong food that took forever,plus when the manager stop by (a french guy that was impossible to understand) apologized for the mistake but did not take care of the pasta that came out after 30 minutes!unacceptable! do not waste ur money here,probably u should better spend ur money in a local "trattoria" to have this kind of service and u will probably receive better food as well!!
1	First of all I'm a huge fan of Giada.  so coming to las Vegas for my Birthday would be a blast to eat at her restaurant.  I booked a reservation for my birthday weekend in December (I did all of this August 10th)  Through OpenTable and requested a table by the window.I decided to  call the restaurant the same day  to confirm the table I wanted.  It took 10 minutes to get through to the restaurant which is my 1st complaint. At last I got through to someone directly at the place.  I told them that I want to confirm the table by the window and no one would do that for me.  I spoke with 4 people. They refused to confirm that for me.  So I cancelled out my reservation.  Any restaurant for any special occasion would confirm a table, especially 4 months in advance.  Giada needs to make this place more personal.  Seems it's a like a tourist trap.  TOO BAD.I have never posted anything on Yelp before.
4	Went to Giada at the Cromwell last night. The place was really nice. Got there on time for 830 reservation didnt get seated for about 10 mins. When we got to our table we weren't greeted for maybe 8 mins. Those things aren't the end of the world, just saying. The food was great. Scallops & Crab risotto main course was really good. The shrimp scampi and calamari appetizers very good. Waiter was very knowledgeable. Manager touched down at our table to introduce himself.  We also sat at the window and had a great view of Ceasars, Bellagio and Vegas strip. Overall good experience.  Would recommend and would go again.
2	The food tasted okay, but we've definitely had better dining experiences, and for less money. The ambiance was nice and the decor was modern. This restaurant spends a lot of money on iphones and ipads, and having more staff than it needs, but what customers ultimately expect of a Food Network star is that the food be some of the best they have ever had. We felt that our money was mainly spent on the Giada brand.On our arrival, we learned that our reservations had been overlooked, so we had to wait at the bar. It wasn't a big deal and this isn't factored into our rating. We did end up with the best seats in the restaurant, where we could watch the Bellagio water fountain show. It was good, but totally accidental on their part, so this also isn't factored into the rating.The bar tender was nice, but he seemed deeply disappointed that we didn't order anything. Sorry, we were just waiting for the table, not planning on drinking. We were then escorted to our table.The service was very aggressive. I don't know whether it's Americans' insistence on tipping as a percentage of sales rather than a flat tip based on servers' performance, or whether the restaurant trains its staff to be so pushy. But I can't stand it when servers keep trying to get you to order more items in order to get a bigger tip. And Giada's servers do just that -- and I see that other reviewers have mentioned this as well.The server kept pushing us to try their cocktails, and after we kept saying "no thank you," she brought us about half-an-ounce of a lemon ginger beverage that was pleasant, and she said it was compliments of Giada. (I am sure Giada had no idea we were even in the restaurant, but okay.) We enjoyed the sip of the drink she gave us until she came back, again asking if we wanted a cocktail. What part of "NO" is so difficult to understand? I finally asked her if they had a non-alcoholic menu, to which she replied, "we might, but I don't know if the bartenders know how to make those drinks." All right then stop asking...Next, she kept pushing us to try the tasting menu. The thing about the menu that really irked me was that it didn't say how much it was. We'd read other reviews that said it was $125 per person, and while we could afford a $250 dinner, spending that much on one meal is, in our view, immoral. So we weren't interested in it. But the server wouldn't take no for an answer. We kept asking about other items on the menu, but she kept coming back to the tasting menu. We don't want to try it -- stop asking!The server was annoyed with us because we didn't order cocktails or the tasting menu. The food was good, but the portions were very small, even compared to other upscale restaurants. My girlfriend ordered the scallop risotto, which was literally a 4 oz. serving (they measure it). My "rack of lamb" interestingly was half the size of racks of lamb I order at other restaurants. Which begs the question: why not call it *half* a rack of lamb? :) We have tiny appetites so it wasn't a problem, but I think most people would be disappointed if they paid $100 for two dinner entrees that small.My girlfriend's risotto was underdone, but she really enjoyed it. The rice was still pretty hard and got stuck in my teeth. I ordered my lamb medium well, but received medium rare. I sent it back, and it came back past the point of being well done, and because it was the second time they were grilling it, it had lost most of its flavorful juices. It was well-seasoned, but a little dry.After our dinner, the server then started another round of pressure-selling, this time for dessert. When we said we had no room for dessert, she loudly said "WHAT? who comes to Giada and doesn't try the dessert?" Um, well it's a new restaurant, so you haven't had enough customers to establish a trend. Another server heard her and asked what was wrong, and she said "they don't want to try Giada's dessert," to which he shook his head and said "what a shame." I know (or I hope) they were joking, but we didn't like it. The tables are so close to each other so a bunch of other people heard this conversation.When we got the check, there was an iphone attached to it, and when we were looking at their cocktails, their drinks menu was on an ipad. This stuff is nice, but I couldn't help but think that maybe if they cut out some of those expenses and focused a little more on their food and service, the result would be better appreciated by most customers. Ultimately, we thought we were paying a little more for excellent food by a famous chef. Instead, we got food that was only a little better than average, and it came attached to very aggressive service. The extra money we spent goes to the decor, the fancy electronic gadgets, and the Giada brand name, not the food that Giada is famous for.
1	We know this restaurant is new and busy. We tried to just eat in the bar. Well, if you just eat in the bar (because you cannot get a reservation for two months) you cannot eat from the regular menu-just the bar menu. The bar menu items are really small and very expensive. NOT worth it at all. Very disappointed. For what we paid, I would expect a whole lot more.  We know Vegas is expensive, but at least make the food good.  Great red wines.
4	had a very nice lunch today with my 3 girlfriends~    Lets start with the host stand~ like most restaurants in LV, the hostess's are all young girls and wore adorable white eyelet type dresses. We were there upon opening so there where people apparently w/o reservations, however we were seated after them.....It all worked out just thought that was a little off~ The girl who seated us was polite, conversational and pulled all 4 chairs out for us~ slightly awkward however still a nice touch!   Our server Sean/Shawn was very attentive, conversational, polite, well groomed and definitely knew the menu ~ everything we ordered was quite good, can't say delicious.    The starters we ordered the roasted mushrooms, served cold (expected it to be hot, but I could have overlooked this on the menu) they were a very nice assortment of different types of mushrooms. Also ordered the Pasta Fagio soup, good but more like a chicken noodle soup plus goat cheese stuffed peppers, pretty presentation and good, not great.    Main courses also great presentations  on each, 2 Kale ~ Faro salads with goat cheese, the special pasta of the day eggplant lasagna & grilled cheese with prosciutto & pesto served with these interesting zucchini potato shreddings, which were quite different, interesting and a VERY nice change from fries, chips or salad~   Our issues came with desserts ~ we were celebrating a B Day ordered the cookie sampler, gelato selections, zeppoles, 2 regular coffees along with an espresso.The cookie plate had Happy B Day written in chocolate, very artistically done and the cookies were good......and of course they were on the bill~.we just questioned couldn't this been a complimentary B Day dessert? the price was $8.00 so not expensive, and yes they were ordered but REALLY GIADA???? it would have been a very nice way to complete the meal. I suspect that our server could have requested this as an option to be deleted from the bill, but for whatever reason he chose not to quite disappointing.Our bill was over $200 for lunch so again the money wasn't an issue, just seem like very poor customer service, and were LOCALS!!   You have a chance to rate your experience before you leave the restaurant, and we did and all the marks were excellent with A ratings, except the host stand which we gave a B. All in all it was a very nice afternoon, the restaurant is very nicely appointed and pretty with her name or initial everywhere, Hey it's her restaurant so why not? Will we be back? probably, however with sooo many options on the strip it could be awhile.
1	Food was very good and fresh, but it was waaay overpriced for the lousy service and incredibly small portions.$26 for a half portion of a vegetable bolognese pasta!!!$13 for a non-alcoholic cocktail that was mostly large cubes of ICE!!!If you want a nice meal in a classy joint with GOOD service and decent portions, head over to B&B at the Venetian, any of the fine restaurants at the Wynn/Encore resorts. OR if you really want the fabulous Strip view - go to Mon Ami Gabi or a Bellagio restaurant instead. As foodie vegetarians, we are used to 5 star restaurants and paying for smaller portions of higher quality foods with stellar service, but this place took this to an extreme. We were intrigued by the lovely looking antipasto bar that is displayed at the front, and also because they profess to have vegan and gluten-free options. So on a slow Thursday night, we tried to use the online reservation system - but it was not working, so we dropped in around 8:00ish... They said they had no availability for the rest of the evening. Not even to wait for a table? They did not suggest the bar. But when we asked if they served food at the bar, they seemed as if they had never thought of this. And why... yes, they did. As we were guided to the bar, we saw many empty tables - WHICH by the end of our meal many were still were empty!!! And during this walk, not once did Scott?, our host, mention, that the bar did not serve the full menu.After we were seated, the menu seemed small by comparison to the food we saw displayed. We asked if there was another menu? We saw more selections up front. They said no, this was it. Later we learned after our meal - there WAS another menu, but they did not offer it at the bar. Being that the bar was so small (and there was only 1 other couple seated there - the place was half empty.), we were pretty incredulous that they would not offer a full menu at it.The bar waiter seemed more interested in having conversations with the other bar staff then being a decent waiter. Several times we were sitting there trying to get his attention to get a water refill, get lemons, get bread, for a check, etc. only to have to flag down other bus and bar staff to get things accomplished.The manager came over at the beginning of our meal and introduced himself, and again just before we left to ask how everything was. By that point, we didn't want to complain - we just wanted out...After dinner, we asked to see a dessert menu. the waiter said yes, and then never brought one over and or said anything else for that matter. Several minutes later, we asked again and he said, you have to wait to look at the dessert cart. I knew I had seen something on the menu posted out front that I wanted. I kept asking to look at a dessert menu and they kept saying there was none. Then I asked if I could look at the dinner menu again, and they asked me why!!!Eventually one bus boy said, "Well, I could go to the dinner table section and try to get you a paper menu. I said please do, but he promptly forgot and never did.Another bizarre thing... I asked the dessert cart guy where the ladies room was. He said he would walk me over to it. I said, no thank you. Again, he insisted on walking me to it. I figured it really must be hidden or difficult to find? So he walked me over to the door in plain view just off the entrance. I did not require an escort.The food flavor and quality was indeed 5 star, but everything else: 1 star.PASS.
5	Giada is my wifes favorite TV chef so we had to go while in Vegas. Tough to get a res but well worth it! Everyone gets the VIP treatment. A nice tour, manager came around and introduced himself and waiters were amazingly knowledgeable. Food was outta this world. Gotta get the Lemon Shrimp pasta. The shrimp were the size of lobsters!!! Everything we got was perfect as well as the service.
4	very nice experience the Hannival was perfect for a start good view and the place was Super nice
1	We had a reservation here for lunch and they sat half the party, then told the other party who. arrived later that there was not a reservation. Our wine order took 15 minutes and lunch took 2 1/2 hours. Part of our group left because they had to go.
4	Exquisite food, Exquisite space, operations need help! Working out kinks? Too many gimmicks? Expect perfection with the hype? All of the above. Was so excited to try as Giada food style is perfect to my taste and I was not disappointed in a single thing I ate. Where my experience went wrong is in the human interactions-waiter needs an assistant or more interest as "Ready to order" or "finished" were about all that I heard-no effort to explore the menu, assist a vegan diner with options-contrary to web site, no offer of a second cocktail, coffee, after dinner drink. No explanation of the dessert cart and how it works-a point out of the items but price? Do you order 1? tasting option? Ipad options were distracting in that they either didn't work well or I'm not tech enough. Commented to waiter about a burning smell and he said "yeah, its the wood burning in the ovens-I take a shower when I get home and cant get the smell off but need the job". The  manager types who stopped by seemed self serving and not really interested in hearing " my wine glass is empty and would order another if someone came by or asked".  Felt like the "Experience of dining" was lessened by what seemed like turning tables-but the food was sublime and the kitchen has its A game. Perhaps the novelty and kinks will work out when people have been there and done that-but more human and less shtick- as part of what drives people to a place like this is the human connection we want to have with the real Giada- as well as the experience of special dining.
2	Born and raised in Vegas and have been to many, many 4- and 5-star restaurants all over town. If you're a foodie in Vegas, Giada is the place to be right now so I couldn't wait to go there for my wedding anniversary, 8/8. To sum it up, our experience was disappointing and way over priced for the style of food. I'm pretty desensitized to my hometown prices and this was still crazy given the service time and quality of food. Hostess was sweet, server was nice but highly sales driven. Both knowledgable about the restaurant but only mehh when it came to the food. Service was extremely slow. Antipasti came out at a good pace, but didn't get our pastas until 2 hours into dinner. Easily the slowest fine dining service I've ever had. Bread was good, but I wish it was served with olive oil or even butter. It's served with cheese, capers and pesto. I have a pine nut allergy and they had no substitution for the pesto. Cool for a $50 per person restaurant, not cool for a $125 per person restaurant. Meatballs, burrata, crostini antipasti dishes and the salads were fine. Pastas were 4-oz serving sizes, roughly $36 each and very underwhelming. The lemon spaghetti was too sweet for dinner, tasted like a lemon cookie. A little weird. Bought a dessert, which they placed on a "Happy Anniversary" plate. Who pays for birthday or anniversary desserts?! It's basically universal for restaurants to bring you a complimentary occasion dessert THEN ask if you'd like to purchase another. Best practices people. Virtually any Bellagio, Wynn, ARIA, MGM Grand contemporary or fine restaurant KILL Giada when comparing service and food quality. Most 5-star reviewers here must live under a foodie rock, or the namesake of Giada just overpowers their senses. Makes sense as people hate wanting things so badly and admitting disappointment.
5	It was reservation for 1, for myself of course, on Sunday, August 3. Upon entering the restaurant, I was greeted with the most pleasant energy from the staff. I loved the tour of the place before seated at my table. I absolutely appreciated meeting the manager, Avi, during my stay and the wait staff was wonderful. The menu presentation is current and unique and the bread tray was delightfully unexpected in design. I ordered the seafood risotto, a dish I had been eyeing leading up to my restaurant visit. I love how the spice/ garnish tray complimented my meal, with mini bowls of capers, red chili flakes, pesto, and grated Pecorino Romano. The dish was the right combination of savory and salty and truly satisfying as I hope it would be. Very minor detail of the night that could use improvement - filling my water glass. Water was my primary beverage for the evening and rarely had someone come over to make sure my glass remained filled. But that is just a minor detail that can easily be fixed. All in all, my experience was fantastic. Best customer service I received ever from any place I've eaten. I am coming back next time I'm in Vegas. And I'm bringing friends!
5	Our waiter was Brian and he was awesome!!!  Went during lunch and had the sweet ricotta pizza, lobster roll, sliders, grilled cheese and lasagne. All were excellent and highly recommend coming here. Can't wait to come back again.
5	Celebrating our 21 year Anniversary at the lovely Giada De Laurentiis restaurant "Giada" was one of the most memorable & monumental experiences. The exclusive entrance is amazing from the open presentation of the fresh pasta, to the mouthwatering anti-pasta selections, the decor is pure elegance & sophistication at is finest. The staff was very friendly & inviting especially the bartenders who made small conversation with us and offered to make anything we requested while we waited for our table, its great to have bartenders who will go above and beyond!My husband had requested a table  over looking the Bellagio Fountains to make this a romantic dinner and definitely the breathtaking view & intimacy was amazing. We were greeted by our server Rocco S who went above & beyond to make this one evening superior along with his assistant server Russell, I told them I would remember them by R & R~~ "Remarkable & Righteous" Before we ordered are appetizers we were brought out a basket of heaven ~~ home-made focaccia, lemon thyme flatbread and parmesan breadsticks and some lovely fresh pesto!! Are appetizer came out shortly the lovely bite size Chicken Marsala Meatballs along with a small Margherita Pizzette, the meatballs were truly outstanding and such a lovely twist to traditional meatballs, we absolutely had to try a small Pizzette as we have a pizza oven in our house and yes it was "delish"!!Like I mentioned previously R & R were very attentive always making sure are water and teas were full and asking if we needed anything, such superb service :) Main Course~~I ordered the Salmon dish which was pan roasted and nestled in some summer succotash and whole grain mustard ~~it was cooked to perfection! My husband ordered the Veal Chop Saltimbocca he said it was the best veal chop he has ever had, I did manage to steal a small bite from him and the flavors melted in my mouth!! On to our sweet ending by ordering the Polenta slice of delight which they presented it by "Happy Anniversary" on the plate, every bite will not be forgotten and this memory will last a lifetime! This was one amazing Anniversary and Giada's restaurant from beginning to end exudes pure elegance, class, sophistication, sex appeal & superior custom service and a perfectionist palate's dream!!
5	Awesome food, over-the-top friendly staff (including the GM who stopped at every table to thank customers for coming in) and amazing views of the Strip and Bellagio fountain. I'm looking forward to returning with a large group and utilizing the private dining space by the bar. Order the sparkling sangria, it is delish!!
5	So good....I know some reviews have been less than favorable but mine is all favorable. Outstanding service. The food....chicken meatballs were amazing. Chicken cacciatore...great. Dessert?  Oh my...so delicious. Can't wait to go back.
2	Yelp Stars (in the case of Giada--4 Stars as of this writing), in Vegas, is not the same as Yelp stars in NYC, DC, San Francisco etc..It's like Yelp stars in Disney World...Go peruse Yelp reviews there, see what's getting 4-5 stars and that last sentence will make sense.I am so disappointed in myself for choosing to eat at Giada's...I fell for the 4.5 star rating on Yelp, at the time, back when there were only 50-60 total reviews...I knew better....  The New York Times's Pete Wells just panned this place, which I was fully prepared to do as well...I absolutely didn't like anything about it.  Two of my favorite quotes from his review, that I feel cover all of my feelings:1.  "All of it is in a relaxed, approachable California-Italian mode, and none of it is very hard to leave on the plate,"2.  "Something was missing here -- maybe the commercial that on television would have run between the first chicken and the second."
4	We had heard rave reviews and went with a group of six for our friends birthday. I loved the ambiance of the Restaurant and the service from being greeted by the manager to the bussers was top notch. The lamb was amazing as well as the spaghetti and bucatini which were al dente and just great. All the ingredients were fresh and just about everything we got was amazing. I only rated a 4 because the portions were a tick small for the prices even though we were on the strip. Great spot though all and all.
3	This was a very "decent" meal.  My only issue was the next day, there was nothing memorable about going to this restaurant.  There is no dish or plate that you'll be talking about, and the value for the food is minimal at best.The service is an A+ here, and you will feel like Giada took the time to put a good presentation together at this restaurant.  It's elegantly modern, from the menus to the decor.  But it's super plain.  She took no risks, and lacked any creativity here.The food is very good, but you will have to significantly over order on expensive dishes to leave with a full stomach.  If you're seeing a show after you eat, be sure to splurge on several appetizers, because you will indeed be hungry.Good: Cheese Antipasti; Lobster Ravioli; Tortellini; Veal ChopNot So Good: Orzo Meatballs; Porterhouse; Any of the plain, thoughtless side dishes; Emphasis on expensive
5	Came to have an elegant dinner with a good friend & it was perfect. The food, atmosphere, service, experience was phenomenal! Everything we ordered was delicious! We had a booth facing Caesar's Palace & Bellagio & had an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains. Can't wait to return again!
5	Came here on my wedding night! Had a wonderful experience. Our server Valentino was great!! The Giada cocktail was delicious!!! Loved the bacon dates and the pea pesto tortellini!!! Will be back soon!!!
3	Ok to start reservation made for 4 at 9pm. We got there and they said they had 3 people for 915pm.   At 945 pm still had not been seated  MGR paid for drinks and finally sat us.  We live in Las Vegas and can tell you the atmosphere is pretty good. The food better than average.  The management a little lacking.    Would we go back.  Probably if there was event there but I doubt we would make a special trip as we would not want to wait 30-45 minutes after reservation scheduled to eat.   I mean if the food was a 10 maybe.  But it's better than average so there is no reason to wait that long.  I think once the "new factor" wears off they will have to step it up to compete in that market against stiff competition.
5	Last night I had the good fortune of dining at Giada's restaurant having made a reservation a month in advance through Open Table. During the reservation process, I requested since I was traveling for business and would be dining alone that I be seated with a view of the Bellagio fountain. Arriving early, I perused the waiting area and had fun at her signature selfie booth. Let me begin by saying  that the guest experience was over the top with kudos to Floor Manager Avi and the sever team of Nick and Brandon. Let's start with Avi - being in quality assurance in the food service industry, I observed how he walked the floor prior to the 5:30 seating thanking guests at the bar for choosing the restaurant for their dining and was very sincere with the dialogue that he had with each guest that he came in contact with. We spoke briefly at the bar where I ordered The G cocktail. The biggest surprise was after I was seated for dinner, Avi personally came over and recanted my request on Open Table for a view of the fountain. Well done Avi. Nick, my server and his sidekick Brandon also displayed warmth and made me feel comfortable. Nick skillfully listened to what my taste buds were feeling and after much discussion, I ordered the Orzo meatballs which was composed of veal which I love, the candied lemon arugula salad and the signature lemon spaghetti all of which were spot on!Food safety was also apparent as I observed a server reload individual cookies on a partial plate on the dessert cart which was being presented to me. The cookies were transferred by sliding them from plate to plate but in doing so this caused them to be arranged not as nicely rather than using tongs which she did not have. My point being - she could have easily used her bare hands to rearrange the cookies but she chose not to in order to avoid accidental cross contamination! Great job!In closing, I failed to get the name of the female bar tender who waited on me but she was very professional and she gave no inkling of being upset that I decided to transfer my tab to my dinner bill.Thank you Team Giada's for an outstanding dinng experience!
5	We went for lunch on a Wednesday. Don't forget to make a reservation or you will be waiting! We had several items to share, but my favorite were the tenderloin sliders and the pepperoni and dry sausage pizza. If I had to choose my last meal on earth, it would be giadas! Now we must try it for dinner!And don't forget to take your photo in the photo booth before you go in:) she really did think of everything! Smart and an extraordinary cook!
4	The place is beautiful and the service was great. The lunch menu could have had more pasta dishes in my opinion. Food was good but nothing I would go back for and the eggplant lasagna was a bit salty. Overall it's a nice place to check out at least once but a bit overpriced.
5	I had high hopes for Giada's first restaurant after watching her for years making mouth-watering food that made me want to jump into my TV. She has exceeded my expectations in every way. The staff is welcoming, the place is spacious yet warm, and the service is efficient yet  unpretentious. You can really see that she paid attention to every detail, down to the shapes of the bar ware. And the FOOD - OUTSTANDING! The four of us ordered one of their mixed mushroom pizzette, their medium assorted antipasto platter, the lobster arancini, and the braciole, and then we each ordered a different pasta. I had the vegetable Bolognese rigatoni, the others ordered the lobster ravioli, signature lemon spaghetti with shrimp and the scallop and asparagus risotto. Every dish was so delicious that we made a reservation for the next night before we even got through dinner. Which brings us to the dessert cart. And another OMG. The dessert portions are small, which allows you to sample several of them. We tried the white coffee gelato, the mascarpone cheesecake and the chocolate amaretti bars.  In fact, the portion sizes in general are reasonable rather than overkill, so you don't leave feeling overstuffed or like you wasted half of your meal by leaving it behind.In summary, if you can get a reservation, run, do. Run, do not walk,  to Giada for one of the best meals you will ever eat.
5	Dinner with 5 friends, amazing!! Every item ordered surpassed expectations! Marsala meatballs my favorite dish, rigatoni pasta also delicious! Waitstaff was extremely knowledgable and friendly! Will definitely be coming back and recommending to friends
5	Could possibly be the best Italian food I have ever experienced. The long wait to get a reservation is worth it.
5	The experience here is the complete package. Service was fantastic. Once seated management stopped by the table to check in just like at your favorite corner restaurant. Servers were awesome with great suggestions and made me feel like I was their most important customer that night. Then of course there was the amazing food. The appetizers are so good and so numerous it becomes almost impossible to not want to try at least two or three. Eating a dinner of six to eight of the perfect proportioned appetizers gives you a variety it is hard to match for an Italian meal this side of Boston's North end. And finally the atmosphere is very nice without being pretentious. In short the best selection of Italian food in Vegas with a staff that greatly enhances the surroundings and experience.
2	The service is great but the food was very basic. We had the bake pasta and the Margarita pizza. Based on the price point and reputation we expected more :(
5	This was an excellent restaurant to celebrate our anniversary.  The decor was beautiful, the menu was unique and delicious and the service was first rate. We shared three antipasti - marinated olives, rolled octopus and bacon wrapped dates.  The spaghetti with shrimp and the scallop risotto were our entrees and for dessert we enjoyed peanut butter and jelly tiramisu and chocolate sorbet that was so rich it could have passed for gelato.  I have not tried to describe the dishes only to say that they were just great and you will have to taste them yourself.  And don't expect this Italian restaurant to be like any other you may have experienced.
5	I have literally never been so happy with a restaurant! !! The service was great, our server made us feel so welcome and at home. He was an older gentleman with an adorable French accent, (His name is Thierry) which definitely made us like him so much the more. He was very helpful and answered all of our questions. The other servers were very attentive as well, my water glass was kept full for the entire duration of our visit. The food was delicious. I loved everything I ordered,  I even asked to take some of the bread and pesto sauce!! The atmosphere was a definite plus, very homey and welcoming. You should definitely make reservations if you plan on going to Vegas, it's worth it!!!!
1	Was not able to eat here for lunch, they closed seating. Asked for next day an same thing happened despite perfect planning.
5	We made the error of showing up the day after we made a reservation.  The restaurant was fully booked.  The manager found a way for us to get a table without having to wait.  This is not easy to do in a restaurant that is currently the hardest reservation in town.We had a great night celebrating my birthday.  Thanks again to the courteous and professional staff.
5	I have been to Giada a number of times....this time was even better than my previous visit.My daughter was in town for a last minute weekend before starting a new job...Laurent. ..their amazing General Manager graciously was able to fit us in for a late dinner...our server Fred was attentive, knowledgeable and provided excellent service.The food from the appetizer, one of Giadas personal favorites, through my Chicken Cacciatore were simply amazing. The chicken reminded me of Sunday Dinners with my mom.and dad....and the desserts were a great finish to what was a great dining experience.You need to set aside a couple hours to enjoy the full dining experience. It is quite remarkable in a town with many dining options.
5	Our 2nd visit to Giada was just as amazing as the first and is now one of my favorite restaurants in town!You have to start with antipasti...medium Giada's Favorites. Everything is fresh and tasty. The bread selection is fun and warm. Going around our table...hubby had the Chicken Cacciatore and I thought he had died and gone to heaven.  This Italian man actually said it was bete than his mom's!  A couple of our kids had the Buccatini, another had the lemon spaghetti...omg it what so yummy.  I was concerned the lemon would be over powering but it was subtle and creamy.  I had the Branzino..melted in my mouth.  The dessert cart brought fun selections and we all tried the PB&J tiramisu, polenta cake, cookies...all fabulous.  The Windows were open and remarkably it was cool with a nice breeze.  Another amazing night!
5	WOW WOW WOW. Giada has succeeded in opening a fantastic dining experience. Came here with six girls and everyone was impressed. They have this adorable photo booth to take beauty shots as you wait for your table. The restaurant itself is gorgeous (like Giada herself). The drinks are outrageously awesome. I had the Hannibal- wow what a concept. It was amazing. You just have to try it to see what I mean. The food is spectacular as well. The assortment of bread you get is beyond amazing. Warm focaccia served in it's own pot. We had the Marsala meatballs that were to die for, margarita pizza (good but not amazing), the famous lemon pasta with shrimp (wow, look at the size of those shrimp), the tortellini (good but not I would get something else next time) and the vegetable bolognese. Usually I'm against vegetable bolognese but this sauce was deep with flavor. Then we had dessert and coffee. Coffee was one of the best cups I've ever had and I had the blueberry like tiramisu- very nice adaptation to the classic. Shout out to KEVIN for being an AMAZING waiter! Will be returning when I'm back in Vegas!
2	Very nice atmosphere but the food was just not high quality. With this type of price range the food should be very good to excellent. We ate here for lunch and I would consider the quality very poor. The Marsala meatballs tasted like cafeteria food, Burrata cheese was alright, soup very bland, pizza way too salty and the tenderloin sliders were poor quality meat, sauce made them edible. Best part of the meal was the bread and pesto. I'm sad because I was really looking forward to trying this place. We were just extremely disappointed across the board. Too many amazing options in Vegas to come here, sorry to say.
3	Sat at the couches in front of the oven.Service was excellent, especially Brooke!However, the inflexible menu choices in this area left me disappointed as we were not allowed to order off the big boy table menu..
1	Don't go. The good: people are friendly and it's visually stunning. The bad: food sucked (yes it really did), the portions are shockingly small, the price is out of control, and the worst part is it's extremely slow service (for everything). It's too bad because we thought it was going to be great.
5	We just had lunch here and the food is AMAZING!The bread was deliciousMeatballs were really flavorfulPizza was excellentBaked Pasta ( Lasagna) was to die for!Chocolate Tiramisu was heavenlyOrange Mio Espresso was the best way to top off the mealMake reservations and go!Don't forget to hit the photobooth before you leave. It is quite hidden by the front desk.
1	After all the hype I heard, I had to try. I wish I didn't. $150 for lunch and 2 people who left hungry and disappointed. The flatbread served with a pesto sauce was absolutely fantastic. Everything else was below average. The meatball appetizer, blahhh. The pasta fagioli soup, blahhh. The Lobster roll meal, BLAHHHH. Not a single item was enjoyable but the bread. I seriously wish the bread was an entree, it was that good. Also, no pasta on their lunch menu - come on Giada, what is that about. I may go back to give dinner a try.......
5	Hands down the nicest dining experience I have ever had!  My wife and I went for my 40th birthday dinner. From start to finish was exemplary. Upon being seated we were greeted by the manager Laurant, and invited to a table which had just come available.  It was a wonderful window table with an amazing view.  We started with two outstanding signature cocktails and four appetizers. Orzo meatballs, marinated olives, a blue cheese plate with pears and honeycomb and a crostini. By the time we were done with the appetizers we had gotten into our bottle of wine which was suggested to us by Darius, the master sommelier. He nailed it.  Next was a kale salad and it was fabulous. Our last dish was a truffle barley pasta. All dishes were genuinely flavorful and delightful.  To finish it all off we had a couple of little desserts and coffee.  Our server Kevin allowed my to enjoy my dishes at my pace. I eat slow and savor my meals. I felt comfortable to enjoy the ambience, my wife, the view, the wine, and the food for all it was worth.  Thanks to all at Giada!
4	Service excellent. Soups were only complaint and that was because the servings were so small. Only had appetizers in our party of four. Tricolore salad, frito misto calamari, caponata salad, meatballs were all superb. Just the soup did not meet expectations. Breads were very good too.
5	Very pricy, but good. We shared the prime rib with egg on top $74. it was very good. It was a bit too charred on the tip, but the rest was wonderful. We had the crispy polenta which was two small medallions with a very tasty tomato sauce. This was too small, two more medallions would have been better. Asparagus were Cooke perfect. Thee dessert cart is a nice touch. It taunts you all through your meal. The strawberry sorbet was to die for. Chocolate chunk cookies were yummy. This is a nice price point at $6 per treat. Overall the place is very nice but the entree prices seem just a bit high.
2	Let me start off by saying I wanted to LOVE this place. In fact, it was one of the main reasons we travelled to Vegas. Giada is one of my favorite food network chefs. When we arrived the restaurant the ambiance was beautiful. The photo booth was a great touch and the staff was amazing. However, that's all it was. To start my husband ordered pasta fagioli soup and I had a arugula salad. The salad was good and a nice size portion, however the soup portion was a disgrace. I understand the concept of small plating but I don't even think there was a ladle of soup in his bowl. A bowl of soup is not something you order to share and in my honest opinion I think they should be embarrassed by the portion of soup they serve. For our entrees my husband ordered the Filet and I had the salmon. He ordered a side of lemon potato's and I had a side of crispy polenta. My husband said his filet was very good and the sides were very good as well. My salmon was very bland. On to dessert.... They come around with a cart and you choose off of the cart what you would like. I ordered a blackberry, lemon tiramisu and my husband got a strawberry tart. Again very small portions for the prices and nothing special. I also ordered a nutella espresso. It was supposed to be two shots of espresso, nutella, hazelnuts and whipped cream. This barley consisted of espresso and I'm a little perplexed how they passed this off as a drink because all it had was nutella, whip cream and a DROP of espresso. $250 later this meal wasn't as good as any of the other restaurants we went too during our stay. In fact it was on the bottom of the spectrum. Lavo's food was way better and Tao's salmon blew the salmon I had at Giada's out of the water. I think this restaurant is going to be a one hit wonder for a lot of people. Giada fans will try it but likely not return. Its a lot like a pretty woman, dressed to the nine and a face full of make up with no personality... Pretty to look at, but no substance. I don't know about everyone else, but I go to a restaurant for good food, not just a pretty room. The next day there was nothing memorable about this meal or food.
2	Giada has some work to do.First , the food here was very good though overpriced for the portion size.  Especially of note was the soup... $10.00 for a portion that couldn't have been more than 3/4 of a cup.  It wasn't lobster bisque where talking about here, it was pasta fagiole.  90% broth with a 5 or 6 white beans.  I am not exaggerating either.   Service is where work is especially needed.  We arrived about 15 minutes early for our reservation of our party of 8.  Since we were early, we had no problem waiting in the bar for our table.  They assured us that our table was getting ready.  45 minutes later, 30 minutes past our reservation, we were finally seated after several inquiries and several reassurances that the table was almost ready.  What the ????   And to add insult to injury our server in the bar was a dingbat.  Our dinner server was adequate though.  If it ever was acknowledged by the staff that we had to wait 30 minutes for table, I wouldn't be so upset.  After all, I know things happen beyond control, but the inconvenience to us was never acknowledged.  An offer of an comp appetizer or drink while we waited would have minimized our irritation.
5	Definitely one of the hottest restaurants to eat in Vegas right now! With that being said, you need a reservation and you will probably need to make it several weeks in advance! The view is impeccable. There is a panoramic view of Bellagio so every 15minutes you are able to look out and see the beautiful Bellagio Fountain Show! One of the very few restaurants in Vegas with an amazing view! Luckily it's not buried in a casino :) The food that I recommend is the lobster risotto appetizer, lemon spaghetti (tapa) ,and the chicken cacciatore (entree). Cocktails? Order the destroyer! Spiked with tequila and it will definitely have you feeling a nice buzz! The service was amazing. Even including the hostess and kitchen manager!  The hostess gave us a tour of the restaurant before taking us to our seat and we were also greeted by the kitchen manager during our meal!
1	Let's see it took 15 minutes just to get a cocktail menu.  I don't believe we got our dinner menus for about 25-30 minutes after we asked for them.  I asked the water guy if this is normal and he said "I work at another fine dining establishment, yes we do it there."  I've been to most of the upper end restaurants throughout the strip and never had to wait like that.  Having said that Giada's is hardly "fine dining".  Our table was in the bar area.   We ordered our appetizers and thought they were ok, but nothing really to write home about.  Once dinner arrived, they brought not only 1 wrong order, but 2.  The waiter put it in the system incorrectly.  They ended up comping both.  The saving grace was the dessert cart. Putting service aside because every now and then a restaurant will fail on service for a very similar price and views (Bellagio fountains), the food at Scarpetta blows Giada's out of the water.  I did voice my concerns to the manager via email only to receive a canned email.
5	AWESOME MEAL!  What else can we say?  After reading the reviews I was a little hesitant since we only had a few days in Vegas and we wanted to eat at so many places.  This was definitely a hit.  I am so happy we got to come here.The decor is immaculate.  It's hip and classy at the same time.  We ordered the Orzo Meatballs and Bacon Wrapped Dates as starters.  The meatballs were so succulent.  And the flavor was out of this world.  This could be the beat meatballs I have ever tasted.  The Dates were enhanced by the bacon that was wrapped around it.Next we had the Crispy Oysters Rockafeller.  This was a new and exciting twist on the traditional dish.  The crispy oysters offered a nice texture that was pleasant to my palette.  It was moist and definitely not overcooked.  We also had the Charred Octopus.  Being from Hawaii, we often eat Octopus (Tako in Hawaii).  I have never eaten Octopus that you could actually cut like butter. It was so tender and the flavors popped.  It was like they just pulled the Octopus from the ocean.  It was that fresh!For entrees we had the Spaghetti with shrimp, lemon & basil and the Risotto with crab & scallops.  I am not a huge fan of pasta, but the Spaghetti was cooked perfectly and the shrimp was so large it tasted like Lobster.  It was cooked perfectly and I am drooling right now as I think about it.The Risotto was buttery and creamy.  It was cooked perfectly and the scallops that accompanied it was cooked perfectly. This was the highlight of our trip!
5	Came here for dinner. Fantastic food, superb service, great space! They happily accommodated my nut allergy by helping me navigate the menu and communicated with me about food preparation -- this level of service was so greatly appreciated. EVERYTHING we had was delicious -- some of our favorites are listed below:Citrus Marinated CalamariLobster AranciniSpaghettiVeal Chop SaltimboccaTiramisu
5	What can I say other than INCREDIBLE. The layout, design, and decor in the restaurant made it feel like a beautiful home to have dinner. For a fancy place, the wait staff was not the typically pretentious type, but instead very down to earth and personable. And then the food, absolutely amazing.Ordered the following:ANTIPASTI (shared amongst 4)- Bacon wrapped dates- Orzo meatballs- Lobster Arancini- Prosciutto- BurrataThe orzo meatballs were probably my favorite. Lobster arancini was good, though I wouldn't necessarily recommend it. And finally, for someone who doesn't like dates, the bacon wrapped dates were on point. Prosciutto and Burrata of very good quality.Main (shared between 2)- Spaghetti (shrimp, lemon, basil)- Risotto with (crab and scallops)- Side of Sweet corn and spicy sausageI had the spaghetti which I really enjoyed. The sauce is very light, but just the perfect amount of flavor to be able to really enjoy the fresh pasta. Side of sweet corn and spicy sausage was a bit spicy, but very good.Overall, this was a very memorable dinner, from the environment, to the service, the food, and of course the dessert cart! Don't forget to stop by the photobooth by the host table.
2	Nice looking, mediocre service, small portions, over priced for food quality, dessert selection was extremely poor and not at all high quality.  Over all you pay for her celebrity name but everything is about $10 to much, next time I drop $250 on dinner I expect to have outstanding service and delicious food I would choose Olive Garden before I would return to Giada's.
4	The ambiance and lay out are really nice, gives you a nice view of the water show at bellagio. Our host gave us a tour of the kitchen which was awesome.The food was to die for!we had the bacon wrapped dates, pizzette, cheese and olives, the lemon spaghetti all were so delicious!
1	Disastrous... I would give zero stars if possible!Made my reservation 2 months ahead to celebrate my birthday, party of 4, 7:45 reservation. By 8:45 they still couldn't tell us how much longer until we could be seated... We had 1 round of drinks while waiting. They offered to get us another round on the house but then never showed up to follow through... Talked to manager, Scott.. What a sorry excuse of a manager.. He was completely clueless as to the mess he had going on... The couple in the bar next to us was upset that their reservation, likewise, was not honored..but they had only wasted 30 minutes of their time. Needless to say we left.. Difficult to find nice place on Saturday night w/o reservation.  Ended up at Delmonicos, which was very good.On a side note, since I can't rate any food- ladies' room was messy- bar area was filthy and tables askew, just plain sloppy.. We had to clear our own table to seat ourselves for the endless wait and then ask  for the table to be wiped. Waitress was sweet but did not have  sufficient knowledge of cocktails.Since I don't have any reason to give a good review it should also be noted that this place is very casual... We dressed for dinner, sports coats, dresses, and most patrons were in t-shirts and shorts- nothing wrong with that but we were under impression it was supposed to be more upscale... Giada, this is a destination restaurant... One needs to take a cab....The Cromwell is not a place that most stay... Your people are not providing the services to the standard that I'm sure you are expecting.... Beyond disappointed that we took a cab to arrive in time for our reservation then had to cab back to take a chance on a walk-in...Shame on your staff for not at least comping our drinks and attempting to make it right... This restaurant will be 'no longer' in a short time..The staff is completely inexperienced and ditzy....Still angry !! You Honor reservations!!!! And, good grief, iron your table cloths and clean your place up.... Sloppy sloppy sloppy..Also, the arrogance of your staff- they stated , quote, the patrons were lingering.. My husband said it's been over an hour wait for our reservation and your gal said "well, you would linger too if you had that table"!!!! Whaaaaattt? Still in total shock-
4	Average experience MADE EXCELLENT BY THE GENERAL MANAGER, Laurent Ertle.  They need time to figure things out, go in 2015.
5	The restaurant was amazing. The service was perfect, the food was amazing, the view was on point, and the atmosphere was great. Our server, Michael was incredible! He got to know his customers and really explained everything well and gave amazing suggestions. Check it out!! Definitely worth going. I ate better at Giada than at any other restaurant in Vegas!
3	We checked this place out on our first stay at The Cromwell. Yelp reviews looked good....I say "meh". The antipasto dishes were the highlight but that was the only thing that was great. For antipasto we had the wood fired mushrooms which were excellent and the bacon wrapped dates which were also great. Next we tried a couple of their pizzettes - the Margherita & the Mortadella. These were both solid. Then we got to the pasta....Bucatini (my favorite kind of pasta), Ravioli & Tortellini. The Bucatini was not Al dente at all and was a pretty soft texture. Also the pomodoro sauce they used was just too saucey/thick and didn't have great flavor. The Ravioli had a flavor that made me think of Thai food and the only one I cared for was the Tortellini which was a pea/pesto sauce with pancetta. Dessert came around on a cart that we waited about 10 minutes for after our meal while tables in front of us had their look at it. We had one of the tiramisus and another chocolate dessert. These were pretty good and we didn't get charged for them so I'm not sure if dessert is free at this restaurant or if this was just an error. Now for the service. What really annoyed me was our waiter immediately turned into a less than mediocre waiter / snob after we didn't order wine and decided not to order a lot of entrees. All said and done, the bill was $153 pretip / $183 after tip which is pretty high considering these are all extremely small portions and we ordered no drinks at all & no entrees. Not sure why I gave this guy a full 20% tip. I doubt I would come back for a complete meal but would consider stopping in for a quick bite of their antipasto dishes if in this area of the strip.
5	Giada's family is in every detail of the restaurant! All the movies played are produced by her grandfather, the drink names are inspired by her family. Food presentation is amazing, portion sizes are perfect to enjoy a 3 course meal and not be over stuffed. Service is top notch! She's one of my favorite chef's, so glad I got to dine at her restaurant!
3	I was really disappointed with the service tonight.... Ordered bunch of appetizer the last was was charred octopus will literary wait 25min for the last apps to arrived, then another 20 for the entree ugh what Happen!!!? They were bit even busy tonight, was there on there opening when it was the busiest and got a better service.
1	Disappointing and overpriced. WE LEFT HUNGRY!  Lunch service took 2 hours (and the restaurant was not busy). The menu is hard to understand, and the portions are very small. If you are craving pasta, do not come here, better off going to Ferraro's, Bootleggers or the Bautistas around the corner. THERE IS NO PASTA ON THE LUNCH MENU. Lunch for 2 was $100.00 and we left hungry. AS for DINNER, we were lucky enough to get a reservation through a connection and be seated at 6pm on a Saturday night as opposed to waiting until the end of November for the next available seating prior to 11pm.  However, dinner service was equally as disappointing as lunch. The 4 of us each had a signature cocktail, a small appetizer, a small main dish, one bottle of wine and tea party type dessert and the total bill was $600.00. We left hungry....Having the opportunity to experience both lunch and dinner, I would not recommend this place to anyone. So sad, come on Giada! I now understand why she is so petite if these are the portion sizes. I ordered tortellini and there were 5 tiny pieces. The desert cart was filled with treats probably purchased at the grocery store. Not impressed. Servers are friendly, but inattentive. Lots of waiting. Decor and ambiance is a mess, Lacking theme and continuity. Her signature "G" is everywhere, way overused. The best part of the restaurant is the photo booth!
3	My friend and I only had dessert there. The tiramisu was good-very boozy the way that it should be (I have a professional pastry diploma), but the crostada was a bit strange. The rosemary crust was very tough and chewy, and the tomato-strawberry jam filling just tasted like jam. It would have been better to have put real fruit in it. So I would give the tiramisu a 4 and the crostada a 2 so I've rated this a 3.
5	Oh my goodness!!!! This place is a must!  If ur a food lover, u HAVE to go. U walk in and it just smells amazing. It feels like home!  Staff was amazing. And the Manager walked by twice to make sure we were ok. I had the watermelon margarita, meatball appetizer and the pasta of the day. To die 4 I tell u. And as if that's not enough....I got to meet Giada. She's  super down to earth & adorable!
1	So having visited Giadas at the Cromwell last night I have to say very disappointed, the venue itself is very well situated, beautiful decor and like walking into someone's dining room at their house, it all looks pretty and appealing and that's where in my opinion it all stops. It took over 10 mins for a waiter to touch the table , it took about the same time to get the wine order delivered to us too. The bread was forgotten and had to be asked for. The appetizers arrived and all were tepid , the grilled octopus which I was looking forward to was last to show up and was tasteless and over cooked having being told for its lateness that they were putting a good char on it! Next up was the pasta , they make their own pasta in house in front of you in their open kitchen. Waiter said had to have the lobster and asparagus ravioli, bland and lobster chewy with not even a hint of a sauce to help it. Crab and scallop risotto , the scallop was perfectly cooked and then that was it , an other bland tasteless dish and the crab must have run away as I couldn't detect any in the dish. Entrees branzino was good , lamb came under cooked and had to refire to get the right temp but was bland and my filet was bland .Wine service was poor too, we had white wines and placed in ice buckets with no ice so our wine started to get warm . Desert is run a round on a cart and when the waiter puts it on a plate it's has no presentation , the cart I would get rid off and work on presentation . Maybe one of the reasons it's hard to get into is the service is so slow so there's no tables turning !It's prices are up there with the rest of the strip and portions small . We all have off nights but they better fix what's wrong or it'll be bye bye Giada!!
1	To summarize the food we had was great the service and waitress we had was terrible to say the least.We tried to make a reservation ahead of time and of course it's very busy because it's a brand new and first giada restaurant.  We were informed by the hostess to come in and try to get a seat in the bar area as it was not a very busy night. Beware if you sit in the bar area it is a different menu than the regular dining.  We arrived and checked with the hostess and she showed us where we could sit in the lounge next to the bar. This is when the terrible experience started.... Keep in mind this is a Tuesday night and while all tables were full it was not busy other than that.It took around 15 minutes to first be greeted by any server. We then got greeted by one server and got told another one would be around right away. 5 minutes later she came around.  We informed her that we would be eating in the lounge area and ordered drinks.  My girlfriend had a bad dairy allergy so we thought all of the vegan options on the regular menu would make this a great place to go.  Unfortunately the lounge menu had no vegan options, when asking the waitress for possible options without dairy she suggested ONE appetizer and was not knowledgable at all. When asking about other items she said she would check with the kitchen.. While she did that we ordered the one item.  We also asked for the bread provided to all customers who are dining which we NEVER received.  A kitchen staff brought the one item we ordered out and it was delicious.  Our waitress finally came back 10 minutes later and did not give us any information on the non dairy items nor did she bring over any bread. I did not want to wait any longer so I asked for the check stating that it didn't seem like the dairy allergy could be accommodated.  Meanwhile I know from looking at the full menu there are vegan items. The waitress did not even try and stop us from leaving or ask kitchen staff for recommendations.  It was truly a bad experience.  I had very high hopes for the restaurant. And it was the most anticipated dinner on our vacation. But to avoid my girlfriend being embarrassed or trying to deal with terrible waiting staff I can say I will not be coming back or recommending this to anyone else.
3	We ate a Giada last night. Restaurant was nice and I liked the decor. We had 6:45 reservation but wanted to get in a little earlier. We were accommodated but the hostesses were not very friendly. Not sure if they were nervous or if the staff is supposed to be a little pretentious. We received the tour of the kitchen and our server was good, but he seemed to be trying to hard. We felt a bit uncomfortable.  We have eaten at other fine dining restaurants and the servers were proper but  a bit more friendly and relaxed.  The food was ok, definitely didn't leave there raving about it. We had the ricotta crostini that was pretty good but portion was really small, the size of the crostini could have been a little bigger for the price. My husband and I both had the lemon pasta again small portions but I thought it was good and had good flavor however there was not enough sauce. We didn't have dessert but the desserts looked pretty. Overall it was just average. I was expecting a lot more since it is Giada.
5	We had a wonderful dinner at Giada!  The Lobster Ravioli was the best I have ever eaten, the sauce is heavenly!  My boyfriend had the Salmon and Cucatash (?) which was the best Salmon he had ever eaten.  The bread was wonderful and the Lemon Ricotta spread was fabulous.   We were seated right by the window with a 180 degree view of the Strip and Bellagio fountains.  The waiter, Ron was a extremely helpful, friendly and efficient.  The service was 5 stars and so was everything else about our dinner!  We live in Las Vegas, so we will definitely be back!
5	Amazing amazing amazing. I am admittedly a Giada fan (recipes from her cookbooks always turn out great), but despite my bias, this place is awesome. I took my mom out for a fancy dinner, and it was incredible. The wait for reservations is at least a month out, so reserve early on open table. Don't forget to use the photo booth by the waiting area!Filet was perfect, lemon salad was amazing, orzo meatballs were good, desserts were great. View of the Bellagio fountains was awesome. I will come here every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Everything here came together perfectly. The room is comfortable, tables nicely spread, a subtle design and not noisy. Our server, Lauren had genuine enthusiasm for the menu and was a terrific help with her suggestions. The food was perfectly prepared and had many unique twists. For appetizers we had the Cipollini onions which had a nice sweetness. The Orzo meatballs were tender with tons of flavor. Then a pizzette, a small pizza, margherita style with 4 nice small pieces. I had the artichoke soup with was smooth and not overly creamy. We shared the Bucatini pasta with a pomodoro spicy sauce. For entrees some had the salmon which was perfectly cooked and I had the Branzino which was also beautifully done. Finally they rolled up the dessert cart  with a great selection of treats. The banana gelato was my favorite. As good as the food was, it was the total experience that made the evening for us. Attention to detail and an enthusiastic server brought it all together!
4	I've been thinking long and hard about this review for a few days now, and while I really wanted to give them a 3 - I just couldn't do it because the food really was as amazing as others say. Where does the negativity come from you ask? Our first impression with the restaurant - the host stand. We arrived on time for our 1:15 lunch reservation and were told that our table wasn't ready yet, but would be in no more than 30 minutes. Umm? I know it's a new restaurant and they'll surely have kinks to work out, but the concept of reservations, seating guests, and turning over tables isn't new. Finally get seated after 20 minutes, and we're stuck in a corner at one of those higher bar-type tables. Unfortunately someone in our party doesn't do well in those chairs and we asked to be reseated and were told we'd have to wait again. Ugh. Luckily they have a fun photo booth to play with, but the wait for the second table was only 5 minutes. Once we were finally seated, everything was top notch. Our table had a view of the fountains, our waiter was great, and the food was phenomenal. We shared the chicken meatballs, lasagna, Waldorf panzanella salad, and a margherita pizza. In fact, the pizza was so good we ordered a second one before gobbling up some zeppole and a tomato and strawberry crostada for dessert. I'd love to go back and try dinner...hopefully by that time they'll have figured out how to seat people.
3	Reservation at 8:15, went to the bar first. Few minutes go by when bartender shows us a digital cocktail list. We order 4 cocktails. 10 minutes later we finally had them. Cool... Single big Ice cubes for rocks drinks and fun egg white foam for clever cocktails. Hostess sits us at about 9. No menus given [i get it they want you order wine before dinner] ok. But we had a long while to look at the menus at the bar. The server comes about 9:15 and asked for wine and cocktails order. We Order a bottle of wine. Takes about 20-25 minutes because it wasn't "chilled". Finally wine is served, it's a Pinot ... Could have served it to me right out of storage but anyway.... The entire service from sit down to water service to wine service (both times) to waiting for the dessert cart to roll around was a 3 hour experience. Way to long for this type of restaurant. The veal was fried. The bucatini was mediocre at best. The spaghetti was an amazing house lemon sauce instead of red sauce... Which blows my mind. You can't have a spaghetti on the menu with a lemon sauce. Just breaks all the rules. However the fish was beautiful and light. Asparagus soup was bland but the tricolor was yumOctopus was to die for. Aracinis were not my favorite. And the dates, well.. I would have expected more. This place is booked out for a long while and I know they are just getting the hang of things so I'll try it again in a month or so.
4	The restaurant color scheme of white and brown contributes to a bright and airy space with a comfortable feeling. Wall decorations include many Giada family photos, posters from her grandfather's movie career as well as Giada retail items which were in abundance. The hostess stand was staffed by several people waiting to escort you to your table. Upon entering the restaurant dining room the hostess offers a tour of the open kitchen and describing the items on display starting with the antipasti table. We received a nicely located corner table for four people next to the windows. The restaurant uses iPads as well as printed menus. I did have difficulty navigating the wine list on the iPad because it froze up. I was brought a second unit which encountered the same problem. Our server stated they were having problems with the wireless service. Thank goodness for low tech paper menus.The dinner menu is wide and varied with many appetizers, pastas, seafood and meat dishes. The wine by the glass selection not extensive but did have some moderately price choices. Our server Turley was friendly and helpful. The following was ordered for our party of four.Appetizers:Orzo Meatballs were 5 to an order and tender with a tasty Pomodoro sauce.Clams Casino topped with prosciutto, a new twist on an old school item. A large bowl of about 25 small clams were juicy and more than enough for four people.Entrees:Branzino - 3 crispy skin filets served with arugula and tangerine vinaigrette were tender and juicyVeal Chop Saltimbocca Milanese style - A very large portion which was very tastyRack of Lamb - 4 chops cooked perfectly as ordered medium rare7 oz Filet of Beef - comes with polenta but potatoes were requested as a substitute. The potatoes were tender balls dusted with cheese. The filet was ordered well done but several pieces were a little pink. Overall a nice piece of meat.  Desserts:The dessert cart has a variety of treats that were beautifully displayed and explained to us. Our choices were:Chocolate SorbetCoffee GelatoTiramisuOur server offered complementary dessert to compensate for the steak. Although that was not expected or necessary it demonstrated the staff's willingness to satisfy the customer.
3	As other reviewers have noted, the restaurant is simply lovely inside: elegant and relaxed with a view of the strip that wraps the restaurant in light.   It is unpretentious and warm.  I found myself transfixed by the halo light fixtures.The female staff needs a lesson on how to speak in their "grown-up" voices...I was scolded by a woman-child for bringing my seltzer-water (purchased at the bar downstairs moments earlier) into the restaurant.  Fine point, but the delivery was needlessly condescending in advance of the $600 our party was about to spend on dinner.  #tiredofbabytalkokay?I am not fan of iPads at the table... there's something decidedly unappealing about touching something that thousands of slot-machine fingers have perused and then joining hands in the communal bread basket that violates what little I know about food safety and sanitation.   Were the 6 of us to pretend that the iPad is sterile?  Or perhaps ritual hand washing en masse?The Antipasti course is how, we are to believe, Giada eats at home:  a little bit of everything but not too much of any one thing.  Our group shared two types of meatballs, a teeny  pizza, octopus, stuffed peppers and goat cheese crostini.  Each was delightful, if ordinary but for the octopus which I dreamt about.My BF and I shared the table-side chicken, or as I like to call it, Giada's Bait and Switch.  The ideas is that this is a small roasted chicken brought table-side and then the chicken is returned to the kitchen for carving and the vegetables are made into a family recipe cacciatore sauce.  What came to the table initially looked luscious and fresh before it was whisked away by our server.  What came BACK to the table were bits of fried chicken parts, drizzled in a red sauce that was made at 11:00 that morning.  It was too expensive to be funny.  Amusing maybe...Dessert is also served table-side from a cart an idea that sounds better than the execution- temperatures of the desserts are uneven depending on how long they've been on the cart.  The lemon cookie was perfect.  Peanut Butter Tiramisu was fun but at room temperature, the texture was off.Coffee service should be more efficeint- they are oddly out of their depth on something that should be rote.
5	After my long awaited reservation (I made 2 months ago!) I finally had the pleasure of dining at Giada's. From the staff to the decor to the food, everything was phenominal! The restaurant itself was very warm and so well put together. There is a photo booth in the lobby. You can take photos and have them facebooked, emailed or printed right there for you.  Such a fun and cute idea!! The attention detail once you enter the dining room is obvious with beautiful booths, gorgeous tables and decor. We sat at a table next to the window, which is for sure the best seat on the joint!Our waiter was so extremely helpful and knowledgeable which is always such a nice touch! Now onto the thing we all really want to know about: the food. It was sooooooo delish I want to go back now! We started with drinks. My husband ordered the barbarella, which was so wonderful you could forget it was alcohol! I ordered the savignon blanc which was so crisp and light.   -oysters rockefeller: amazing! They were fried I believe in a batter perhaps. It was so light though and melted in my mouth.-strawberry jam and feta crostini: the crostini was just the right crunchy and the toppings were amazing together. (Add the basil pesto to the top, you won't regret it!)-spaghetti with prawns: wonderful!!! The sauce is so amazing! Its light and lemony and the pasta is clearly freshly made and cooked to the perfect al dente. The prawns were enormous and cooked to perfection! -lobster ravioli: stuffed full of lobster with a lemon sauce and chinks of lobster on the plate. It was delish!-side of peas: amazing! Peas with mint! One of my favorite things and it was so good!Our dinner was one of the best I've had in a long time!! The servings are not what we in America consider normal (sadly) because everyone seems to want so much food on their plates. However, I think they were perfect and exactly the size a healthy serving should be. I actually ended up taking home some of my dinner. DESSERT: NOM NOM NOM NOMThere is this adorable dessert cart that comes to your table and you choose your dessert. We chose the lemon cookie, the chocolate peanut butter cookie, the white coffee gelato, and a chocolate tart with almond brittle. Everything was phenom but the chocolate tart with almond brittle was seriously orgasmic!!!!! I want to kiss Giada for creating it!! MUST TRY!! Our next favorite was her lemon cookie. Light and almost  creamy texture. Ok so....bottom line: amazing experience and I cannot wait to go back!!!
5	For her first time out, Giada's gotten everything right.My husband and I went on a Monday for lunch, thus ensuring us an immediate seat since it probably wasn't going to be busy. When we were seated, I was absolutely in awe of how beautiful the restaurant was. It was so elegant, yet warm at the same time. Kudos to the decorator! It didn't feel stuffy at all and it felt like everyone was welcome unlike other restaurants who make you feel like you need a Black AMEX to eat there. lol The view is wonderful if you are lucky enough to get a seat by the window. The staff was amazing! She trained her staff so well! Above and beyond the call of duty. The waiter was so attentive and friendly. He answered all of our questions and made sure we were properly taken cared of. All his recommendations were delicious. The other members of the staff were so helpful as well. When I asked the gentleman filling the water glasses where the restroom was, he dropped everything he was doing to walk me over to where it was. Now that is great hospitality. We also ordered bottled water and when that bottle ran out, they gave us additional cups filled with filtered water as to not mixed with the bottle water. Such detail!On to the food. The complimentary bread and dipping sauce were very good. Even though the sauce looked too oily, it was bursting with flavor. I enjoyed it immensely. We ordered the orzo meatballs, Pasta e Fagoli soup, lobster roll, and G's baked pasta. The orzo meatballs were so creative and yummy. I never thought to add pasta to a meatball. Ingenius! Only bad thing was that it was such a small portion. I could have eaten two more plates of them. The soup was good, but the beans were a little undercooked in my opinion. My lobster roll was not like any lobster roll that I had ever tasted before. The lobster was cooked in lemon and basil. Very light and tangy. Not heavy at all. I really appreciated that. Alone, the lobster would be so amazing, but what sealed it all together was the heavenly bread that the lobster rested upon. Such buttery goodness and combined with the lobster, it was like my taste buds were singing hallelujah! :P The arugula salad that came with the entree was a nice compliment to the roll. My husband got the G's baked pasta and even though I didn't try it, he said it was tasty. It looks deceivingly small, but filled him up 3/4 of the way through.  The prices are high even though the restaurant gives off a casual feel, but I do believe you get what you pay for. The ambiance, the service, and the quality is all there. You can tell that the food was made with time and love. Bravo! I am a fan!
1	My review of Giada pt 2: After my experience with this restaurant  last night I wanted to give a REAL review hoping that the manager and even Giada herself  would read this... I have been a long time fan of Giada  & was super excited to have the chance to eat at her restaurant.  After finally arriving at the restaurant  last night, I checked in with the greeter and was asked if I wanted to go in early since my wife &  I arrived early. My wife checked that the dress attire for the restaurant  is "business casual"  based on their website. I was wearing blue shorts &  a capped sleeved (  very short, short sleeved) Guess hooded sweater.  While waiting to be seated, another woman who didn't  introduce herself came from inside  the restaurant  & told me  that there was a dress code &  I wouldn't  be able to get in unless I changed clothes.  Being that I wasn't staying at the Cromwell, that was not something I could do.  I told this woman that I have been  a long time fan of Giada since her cooking show days and all I wanted to do was eat dinner at Giada 's restaurant for my wife' s bday.  All I wanted was a little customer service and to be pardoned for my capped sleeve shirt. She just turned her head,  gave me a  fake smile  that read "that's  nice but I really don't give a shit"  &  proceeded with telling me that I still won't  be able to get in unless I changed clothes.  She said I had "torn off sleeves"  and that was the problem. .  but mind you..  my shirt is once again CAPPED Sleeve that  go pass my shoulders and it was a Guess brand.  It was not a $10 ripped tank top from old Navy as she implied. While this is all happening, I notice  3 or 4 guys go inside to eat with blue shorts on and  t-shirts.  So here is my question...  What was the difference  between what I had on and THEIR outfits ????  I get that there's a dress code and rules like this need to be followed by the people  who conduct this business.  What I  didn't  appreciate was the condescending  approach and how that woman made me feel that this snobby atmosphere  is something that they're  trying to uphold & that me and my capped sleeved shirt don't have a place in there.  (Imagine that "Pretty Woman" scene w/Julia Roberts  when she was dressed as a hooker and that snobby lady didn't wanna help her because of how she looked.. All Julia wanted was to buy a nice dress and she had $$$!!) I thought that as a fan of Giada  (who this woman  probably  didn't  even know  of until she worked at the restaurant) AND as a paying customer that  a few  more inches of length  on my sleeves  wouldn't  be so  significant. I was naive. I had to seriously re-evaluate  being a fan because her establishment represents her like THIS.I'm sure your food is extraordinary  (I can only imagine it in the pictures because I didn't  get to taste it!!)  But your customer service  needs a SERIOUS upgrade!!!
3	Place looks great. We had the orzo meatballs, very moist. Great sauce. Then, we had the carbonara pizza, also good. Then, baked pasta. I expected something cool, Rachael Ray casserole. Dumb, I know. Two completely different chicks. But when it came out as a tiny piece of OK lasagna, it was a let down. And sooooooooo overpriced. We ended with tiramisu, hazelnuts on top. It was good. I guess I just expected more. Maybe that's not fair but to spend $115 on lunch for small portions, when they make such a big deal about sharing/family style, it made me scrutinize the food. Oh, and the G on everything? Yeah, we get it. It's your place, Giada. But I love your humble/shy side. I'd expect it from Guy, not you.
4	Giada really loves Giada -- and that's not necessarily such a bad thing. The decor is lovely and like spending an evening in her impeccably decorated brain. Everything is light and airy and everything is adorned with either her name or a G. Not four minutes in, I think I heard her name from the hostess or a server at least 10 times. The food was wonderful, small plates, larger plates, etc.. It is a little on the pricey side but nothing that will really break the bank. It's definitely a place for a nice evening out. The pastas were standout, super tasty, with the lemon spaghetti and JUMBO prawns as particularly delicious.I loved the dessert cart though the presentation of the actual desserts was somewhat simple. I mean, it's basically just a cookie on a plate. The white chocolate coffee gelato was amazing and I'd definitely go back for more.Something of note, we were offered "still" or "sparkling" water -- we took still, inferring that to be plain tap water. Apparently "Still" was the name of the ($8) bottled water and it took us two bottles to figure out what was going on. Absolutely not a deal breaker by any means but we joked about our $8 water cocktails we purchased.With great views of the strip and a non-Strip-like atmosphere, I loved our dinner at Giada and would gladly go back.
2	I don't know what their idea of family style portions are but to me, portions are fairly large to share with at least 2 people. I'm serious when I say this we ordered a family style of meatballs at Giada's new restaurant in Las Vegas and all we got was this dinky sized portion. It was not family sized portion! I have to say their pizzas were good but once again small in size. Their bread is freshly made which makes a huge difference. Would I eat here again? Probably not. At least we didn't have to wait that long when it was lunch time on a Sunday. We waited about 20 mins which was not that bad considering it was Sunday rush hour.
5	We're from New Orleans and know good food. This is a must try. Great service, great location and wonderful food. If you can't get a table for dinner, try it for lunch. You won't be disappointed. Thanks Laurent and Thierry. LEK
5	Beyond amazing!! I truly enjoyed my dinner at Giadas. The cheese was to die for! Every single cheese on the platter we got was delish!! Had the pasta as well, omg lobster ravioli is a must have!!!! The lemon shrimp pasta is also really good.. Huge pieces of shrimp. I had the filet for my main course which was also really good.. Get the potatoes for the side.. Everything was beyond perfection!
5	Great!There is definitely no shortage of the Giada brand reinforcement here.  Her name, signature, and picture are all over the resturant including lights, walls, napkins, placemats, dishes, some cocktails, etc.I ate with 2 other friends and we ordered 5 antipasti dishes:1) stuffed peppers - the winner of the night.  the filling was great and the peppers had a nice crunch.2) lobster rolls - fried with a nice crispy outer edge.3) meatballs - nice and delicate4) buratta cheese - very soft and chewy5) mushroom pizza - ok but fairly typical for wood fired pizza.For our pastas, we got:1) tortellini - vegetarian.  my dining friend said it was good but i didn't try it.2) lemon spaghetti - the shrimp / prawns are huge and really made this dish special.  the pasta were ok but a little too thick and stuck together.  i would have preferred the sauce to be a little more liquid.3) rigatoni w/ vegetable bolognese - mediocre.  the bolognese sauce just wasn't all that good to me.We were too full to order mains.For dessert we got:1) banana gelato - very good.2) tiramisu (forgot which one) - also very good.3) small round nutty thing with edible gold (forgot the name) - pretty good but the chocolate filling was a little much so i had a bite and didn't want any more.Bill was around $300 for 3 people including the above + 3 cocktails.Service was excellent.  The bar area was also nice and we had an exceptional bar hostess.  They use ipads in the bar as menus but the application is very buggy and crashes a lot.  They need better IT as ours crashed a bunch of times.Hostess was also awesome.  I originally had a reservation for 2 but another friend came along last minute.  I wasn't sure if they would be able to seat us but the hostess got it done.  Excellent work!I will be back.
5	I had a birthday celebration for my GF here on 9/1/14 ON Labor Day.  I emailed Laurent, the manager for a last minute booking for a party of 12 and amazingly he went above and beyond to not only get us a table on a day that was booked out in every restaurant in LV, but ensured that the entire night was perfect!  If you can request a server, I HIGHLY recommend asking to be sat in Laura's section.  She was wonderful, engaging and made each person at our table feel as if they were the only one that mattered to her.Giada's is a classic Italian dining out experience.  The meal will take 3-4 hours from start to finish and that's how it's SUPPOSED to be!  It's about enjoying your friends and family and experiencing the food along the way.  If you need to get in and out within an hour for dinner, this is not the place for you.The food here is simply AMAZING!!!!  We ordered so many different things that this review would take forever to complete.  I can however, embellish a bit on some of the highlights.Charred Octopus - Cooked to perfection. Great amount of char on the Octopus. I converted 5 people that night who hated Octopus to loving it.  That should be all you need to know :)Artichoke Soup - Rich and velvety.  You get a mouthful of Artichoke essence in every bite.  And the kicker?  NO BUTTER or CREAM in the soup! YUM!Crab Risotto with Scallops - SO GOOD!  Rich and creamy without feeling too heavy.  The sweetness of the crab played throughout the dish and the scallops were seared to perfection.7oz Fillet - Easily the best dish of the night.  Everyone who took a bite needed to just sit back in their chair and savor every morsel.  Seared on the outside wonderfully and moist, tender and juicy in the middle and just the right amount of seasoning.  OMG this is a MUST HAVE DISH for anyone who likes a steak! and for those who don't!Blackberry Parfait - I can't even describe this. Fruity, sweet, light, not too sweet. The perfect end to a perfect meal.All in all the staff went above and beyond and the food was absolutely AMAZING!  If you are looking for a great meal, a great experience and have some time and a little money to burn, Giada's should be on your to-do list.  Heck, I even did a cartwheel in front of the restaurant after because I was so happy!
5	I had lunch here with a friend and we enjoyed the Olives,Stuffed Peppers,Meatballs,and Waldorf Panzanela. All the food was as delicious as you would expect given that it's a celebrity chef restaurant and the prices fall in line with that so we were not surprised by any of that. We were happy to also find that the decor was light, bright, and comfortable with an easy ambiance, no stuffy feeling here at all. The staff was super friendly and the GM even stopped by and chatted with us about the restaurant and the food. I have always had great success with any of Giada's recipes that I have tried to reproduce so I am happy to report that the food here was just as great as I expected and I look forward to returning soon.
2	My wife and I had dinner there last night. THE GOODThe restaurant was pretty inside and is nicely appointed. I ordered the charred octopus which was really good. I also had the spaghetti with lemon and shrimp which was excellent. My wife had the margherita pizzette which she really liked. For her main course, she has the rigatoni with the vegetable bolognese which was also really good. THE BADWhile the food was really good, the service was a bit lacking. Our waiter was attentive and did a pretty good job during dinner. He forgot to come back to the table to ask my wife what glass of wine she would prefer after serving mine to me. At the beginning of the meal, the waiters are required to present a pre-fixe menu at $120/person which includes an autographed picture of Giada. The way this is presented in a leatherette binder is completely cheesy. You would think that he is presenting the Holy Grail to you.THE UGLYWhen we had finished our dinner, the waiter asked of we were interested in dessert. We told him that we were and a guy proceeded to wheel a cart of desserts over. He reviewed the desserts with us and I chose chocolate gelato. Instead of going to the kitchen to retrieve the desserts, he proceeded to scoop out the gelato from a metal container on the dessert cart. The container was not chilled because the gelato was mostly melted and placed on our table. All of the desserts are served from the cart. And the cart is sitting out the entire night near the entrance to the restaurant which allows all of the desserts to come to room temperature and most of the desserts are uncovered all night. It is quite disgusting!!If you go here, avoid dessert!
5	Gorgonzola cheese with raw honey and sliced pears were the start of a truly amazing meal. Life changing for sure! ! Then the chef had a lunch special of polenta under grilled shrimp and a chili oil that was to die for. The piece de resistance was the dessert. .. heavenly lemon ricotta cookies, chocolate chip walnuts and chocolate peanut butter cookies with a raspberry jam. I also had the orange mocha mio which was perfection. I can't wait to go for dinner. .. except for the next reservation is late October.  Well done Giada.
5	Incredible experience! Jameson our server was attentive, polite, knowledgeable, and did not come across as a used car salesman trying to force dishes upon us... The Bucatini was phenomenal, probably the best I've ever had in my entire life. Speechless.  The ambiance is awesome, one of the restaurants you truly feel special dining at.
4	Service was excellent, our waiter was good but our busser was on top of it. The food was very average, the bread was probably the highlight of the meal. They had dessert carts instead of made-to-order desserts. all the desserts were pre made, so I wasn't too crazy about that. Overall we still had a great time.
4	so we came and we ate and we left feeling eh- nothing special. granted the food was prefer good, the bread basket delicious but the ambiance, the decor - screams giada. not kidding. everything bad giada written on it- from the dinner napkin, to the artwork, to the plates, to the damn bathroom paper towels!!!! good lord woman- we know which restaurant we're in!! don't need reminders that it's your restaurant, it's your food, and your recipes!! waiter identified the pesto sauce as "giada's summer basil pesto sauce". good god!!! waiter was pretentious. I guess he doesn't approve of women with tattoos.  too bad. will I go back? probably not. rather spend the $ at the slots
5	We went to Giada for my husband's birthday. Our hostess was very friendly and we were seated right away, I had made reservations for 8 pm. The restaurant is lovely with a great view where you can see the Bellagio fountains. Our server Rocco was amazing, very attentive and passionate about the items on the menu. He brought us a complimentary Prosecco which was a nice touch. We started with Tricolore salad, it was fantastic and quite a large size. Then we had the Lobster Arancini and the Fritto Misto. Both were very nice, the marinara that is served with the Arancini makes the dish it is light with a spicy taste at the end. The Fritto Misto has a very nice light crunchy batter, not greasy just right. My husband and I shared the Spaghetti and the Scallop Risotto. The Spaghetti was delicious and my favorite of the two. The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the fresh pasta was great. The sauce is a creamy lemon sauce that is not over powered by lemon. I highly recommend this dish. The risotto was also great, scallops were cooked perfectly, and the risotto was nice and creamy. Only thing that I can kind of complain about is that they knew it was my husband's birthday and they did not bring him a little dessert but it's ok haha.
4	The wife and I had lunch here while visiting Vegas for our anniversary.  Apparently they are booked for dinner for the entire month of September!  The restaurant is across the street from the Bellagio so you get a nice view of the fountain.  Unfortunately they were not working on the day we went so there was no show.  The decor is very nice and just screams Giada.  It's very her.  I will say that all of the Giada logos and G's on everything is a bit much.  We get it Giada, it's your restaurant.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/giada-las-vegas?select=7Ns1BuYhNnKjMJbNVWi5kg&userid=z8ie74vdxx-28KPHA5EVlg#tOqo3H9__kT8ppGD7z3qrwWe had a reservation but still had to wait a bit.  I asked if we could sit at the bar but the hostess said she had just sat some people there.  The waiting area to the left of the hostess stand was completely full.  So I walked into the restaurant and saw that there were 5 empty chairs at the bar.  Why couldn't we sit there?  So I decided to take it upon myself to just go sit at the bar.  While we were sitting there I noticed that there is a rather large sitting area between the bar and the tables.  Why didn't the hostess suggest we wait there?Anyway I looked at the cocktail menu and decided to order the sangria.  It was $15 so I thought, "Geez that's a lot for a glass of Sangria".  But it's Vegas, everything's expensive.  Well the cool thing about the Sangria is that the bartender makes it in front of you.  I ordered it with barchetto, (sparkling red wine).  The bartender stars out by pouring the wine into the glass then they place the bits of fruit into it along with the mojito simple syrup.  It was very good.  Still a little pricey but at least they're not just pouring wine into your glass for $15.We got seated after waiting for 10-15 minutes.  The waiter was very knowledgable about the food and personable enough but she just didn't seem very friendly.  I don't remember her name but she looked like a red-haired Miley Cyrus.  We started off with chicken marsala meatballs and they were excellent.  The wife got the Arugula salad with chicken milanese and I had a Panino.  I'm not a big fan of paninis as they always seem to be too basic to me but the only other thing that sounded good to me was the lasagna until the waitress said that it had eggplant in it.  Yuck.  The panino was good and the wife really liked her salad.The food was very good but the service was lacking.  At one point I got up to go the bathroom and noticed when I got back I had no napkin.  I know that at fancy places like Roy's when you get up they will refold your napkin for you so I thought this was what happened but when I looked for my napkin my wife said the waitress had taken it.  I don't know if she had planned to bring me a fresh one and just forgot but I had to ask her for another napkin.  Also she only checked on us once near the end of our meal.  We also had to ask for refills of water.  At a fancy restaurant the staff should be more attentive than that.  So overall I give the food 4 stars but the service about 2 stars.  One positive thing for the guys is that the hostesses were all hot and wear these short white dresses.  Some nice eye candy for sure.
4	Giada has been one of my favorites from Food Network. Everything she makes seems so good. I'm so glad she has a "home" in Vegas. We tried to make dinner reservations for my birthday but their soonest availability was a month later. Don't expect to be seated if you're wearing very casual clothes/ have no reservations. We witnessed a bunch of people getting turned away.The bread service was pretty good. The interior is very beautiful, modern, sophisticated but still comfy. We were given a tour of the restaurant. Our server was fantastic and the manager checked on us.The menu items all seemed delicious. They have a dolce cart: chocolate, cherry, sorbeti, gelati, cookies, berries, eclairs, tart, etc.Orzo Meatballs:Very tender and juicy beef balls with orzo in pomodoro topped with grated Parmesan. I didn't want to share and I'll definitely get this again when I return. 5/5Chicken Cacciatore:For 2 people. They'll show you your pan-roasted chicken with veggies before they bring it back to the kitchen to fry the chicken. The chicken is crisp but not oily, bursting with flavor, tender and juicy. I've had cacciatore from other places and Giada has the best I've had so far. 5/5Lemon Potatoes:Smashed and fried potatoes with lemon and grated Parmesan cheese. This was a good side dish for the chicken cacciatore. 4/5Spaghetti:Lemon, basil, shrimp and capers. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was creamy but not heavy. However, my large pieces of shrimp were a bit overcooked. Otherwise, this would have been perfect. Flavor profile was superb. 3.5/5Chocolate Tiramisu:Topped with candied hazelnuts and gold leaf. Creamy, light, airy and mildly sweet. 4/5Blueberry Eclairs:The eclair itself was wonderfully flaky and blueberry filling just oozes out. The top has glaze and fresh blueberries . 4/5Chocolate Amaretti:A chocolate cake covered in dark chocolate topped with good leaf. You can definitely taste the amaretto. 4.5/5Overall, I was very satisfied with what we had and the service. I'll come back and try a few more dishes...or even get the spaghetti and maybe ask if they could not cook the shrimps too much. They're currently open for lunch and dinner. They'll be open for breakfast October 2014 and weekend brunch beginning of next year. Something to look forward to.
4	Love Love Love Love everything about Giada's new restaurant. If you love Italian food or just a foodie in general add this to your list of places to try. It's located at The Cromwell hotel on the corner of Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd. My only complaint were the not so friendly hostesses, they sucked! Way to be a buzz kill when trying to enjoy a nice dinner. I will return to try other things on the menu but that's about it.
3	I came for one of my favorite peoples birthday. There were so many people interested that a few of us made a reservation of a few smaller tables and then just asked if we can be seated together.While I wasn't there to witness it, it seemed this was OK with the GM as the bday girl talked to him. She had to email the reservations manager according to them who tried to make us take these pre fixe group menu or impose a spending minimum. NO. We have 3 separate reservations and not some ginoromous group even with all of us. No. Those group menus weren't interesting to most of us. We just asked to be in tables near each other. It put a bad taste in my mouth and almost cancelled if it wasn't a point we can argue out of. I get trying to let us know as a option and to maybe be easier for the kitchen but any other parties of 6- 10 people wouldn't have this imposed on them I'm sure. It's only because we asked to sit by each other. We arrived at dinner - and no, we didn't do the group menus. It took a little while to get orders in and get bread, but once the dinner rolled on the pace was good and food came in a fairly timely manner. As a side note, I think iPad menus are not needed. It froze up quite a few times on us and talked about antipasto platters that were not on the main menu you could miss. It also talked about alcoholic beverages that were in the wine list booklet already. Breadservice was good. There was a small pot of herb focaccia, some crisps and breadsticks and a tray of condiments- pesto, finishing salt, red pepper, lemon marscapone butter, fried capersI decide to split up some items with my friend Anthony. Caponata had pleasant texture of the veggies were good, but a tad too sweet. I like when it's sweet and tangy. It could have been a big hit for me with a bit of acidity. I tried to offset with a bit of the fried capers and red pepper from the condiment tray. This really should come with some nice bread though. It was okay on the crisp and the focaccia, but I didn't get enough bread as the basket was small and there were 6 people.Grilled octopus - simple flavors, but the octopus was tender. Everything was cooked nicely, but I wish there was something to give the octopus with diced potatoes some oomph. A nice puree, sauce, veloute to add a little something.Marsala chicken meatballs were decent. I like that it wasn't too sweet as marsalas can be but more a wine-y flavor.Came with a few mushrooms and 2 small tomatoes on the stem.Veal Saltimbocca was lovely.Nicely crisp, the cheese stuffing was solid and it was well seasoned. I like the incorporation of sage on it. It was a good size, maybe about 14-16oz.Crispy Polenta was our side for the veal. It was simple, but good though mine wasn't really crisp. I enjoyed the tomato sauce that was on it. Dessert cart I chose a honey, chocolate and almond tart. This was almost perfect. The florentine cap on top was money. The texture of the chocolate filling was nice but a tad too sweet along with the honey and would have preferred a bitter chocolate to offset. However, it was really well made and still pretty damn good. Out of my meal, the standout was the veal saltimbocca. It was the singular item I would order again and considering it was the most expensive then perhaps it was a good thing that it was worth it. Service was OK, but had some hiccups. Like I mentioned earlier it took a moment to take off as I don't know why the server was going to our table, answer questions then disappeared a few times. The bussers were a little too plate eager. I had my plate taken while I was still eating bread but turned to have a conversation and found it gone. We took the bone off the veal then split it in half and place it on my individual plate. A moment after the plate was being lifted from us and I had to say wait! the lemon and the sauce was still on there so he placed the dish of the sauce on the table as I took the lemon and left. Sucks because the veal bone has all those good little pieces left and he took my utensils on the plate. Apparently our other table had hiccups too. Most notable is being poured water like crazy and getting charged $64 for still water. Really, they should have been asked if they wanted to order more. The water was not branded bottles even. Its the reusable kind that Echo&Rig use for their water which they give you for FREE. Now the food ultimately is what it is about. It was good, but nothing blew my mind. It was good, but not on par with its cost.When you have a town where there are some good off strip fresh pasta, seasonal ingredient Italian food, I have other, better options. On top of that, I am a bit critical of some things I believe I do well at home. A few people had the risotto and it did not hold up to the one the fiance and I make - their words, not mine. It's not a bad  meal, but I think there are better experiences I've had on and off the strip that I would return to first before stepping here.
5	Food was delicious we had the sliders and chicken Milanese salad.  The chocolate tiramisu was unbelievable but what put it over the top were the coffee drinks!  Lemon meringue coffee espresso and the amaretto coffee espresso were simply divine.  The bread they serve when you get there alongside fresh pesto is mouthwatering. We will be back!
3	I was looking forward to this restaurant and finally made it in for lunch one day. Reservations for dinner are at least a week away which I don't understand as there are usually empty tables around. Maybe they don't have enough staff or want to make it feel more exclusive. We easily got a reservation for lunch, but when we arrived their system was down and said they needed to wait until it was up again as they had no way to confirm I had a real reservation. I showed them the email confirmation and they said they would seat us soon. We had to talk to them a couple of more times and they sat us when we said we had to be out by a certain hour. After that hiccup, our server was extremely attentive and the food was at our table timely. I was craving the baked pasta (lasagna for Sunday) but our server would not recommend it as it had mixed reviews from other diners and the kitchen was still modifying the recipe. I ended up getting the muffuletta sandwich and was underwhelmed. The bread was not soft and fresh, and the overall taste was nothing extraordinary. I got the zucchini scapecci as the side and this was my favorite part of the meal. My friend got the tuna sandwich which was better than the muffuletta, but be warned it is not fresh tuna. I would like to go back and give it another shot. The space and decor are beautiful but so far it felt like it was more about the celebrity chef than the food.
1	My wife and I wanted to try this restaurant out for awhile. So I called to see if they have lunch spot open. The reservationist told us just come on over theres no wait, when we arrived the hostess told us theres a 45mins wait....The reservationist could of told us earlier save us a 45mins drive from Summerlin.
5	Been here for dinner and lunch, and could not be more satisfied with the food, ambiance, and experience.  For lunch we tried the bruschetta and salumi picante pizza.  Also tried both red and then white sangria, which were both refreshing with slices strawberries, lemon, and lime slices.
4	Make a reservation!
5	Well this is a first for me this year. FIVE STARS! Giadas in the Cromwell hotel across from Caesars is the place. After a warm welcome and we were shown to our table overlooking the strip and a view of the mountains which was a beautiful setting. Beautifully appointed restaurant. Fred was our main guide through the meal along with Joshua, serving. Prefect service!! We started with an array of appetizers. Orzo meatballs, bresaola, arugula salad, chicken Marsala meatballs. Good portion sizes. VMain courses included the petit fillet, the Mediterranean white fish call branzino and mine, mine was the risotto with crab, scallops and asparagus. Perfect. We all split the dessert...thanks Diego for convincing us we should indulge. A dark chocolate amaretto something. Wow, don't let the small size fool you, its richness was easily enough for 3 people to share. Bene! A+ food, A+ service. Also, thank you Scott for stopping by to see how are meal was. Everything was fresh, house made including the pastas, bread and moreRecommendations: make your reservation well in advance. Consider dining earlier in the evening as its a bit more quiet. You could wear casual, but hey, dress up. This is a elegant restaurant. I will certain be back to enjoy their many choices and a real taste of Italy.Mille grazie!
2	Well it has taken me awhile to write this review; I have been waiting for feedback from friends who have since dined at Giada's and wanted to be fair in my review since I am a foodie and tend to hold standards high especially when dining at a celebrity chefs restaurant.....well comments are unanimous....sub par flavors, very small portions for the large price tag.  A review was written by Shahn M 8/3/2014; I was actually the person that had the wine glass broken and spilled on...and no I did not work the manager for a free meal although he did comp our drinks.  While waiting for our table my friend ordered a martini with an onion and was informed by the waitress they didn't have any onion, I'm not a martini drinker but isn't that a common condiment for martinis?  After waiting about an hour ( we had reservations) we finally were seated back in a corner and informed the hostess after waiting so long and having wine spilled on us, the least they could do was seat us at a window table, which they did after another 20 min or so wait.  We ordered a small pizza (best part of the dinner) gnocchi, smashed lemon potatoes, filet ( the size and look of an Omaha steak) And I salad I don't recall.  The food was nothing special and portions very small, but the ending to this dining experience gets better.  We went to the bar to have an after diner drink; 1 shot of tequila and 1 glass of port wine...$38.00 and it wasn't the port!  I've experienced Giada's but can't say I will return or recommend.
3	Went with high expectations.  We love Giada and really looked forward to this experience.  First - didn't like the use if the ipad.  Also, didn't understand the family style dinner for $120 with a signed picture of Giada.  Just thought that was being too commercial. Food is good but WAY overpriced even for Vegas for what you get.  We had the chicken marsala  meatballs, burrata,  ricotta crostini, lemon pasta with shrimp and the salmon.  All were good but definitely not worth the prices charged.  Really no standouts here. Overall our service was great..didn't have any issues with the wait staff on timing of meal and service.   Hostesses were great.Probably will not go back but glad we tried.
5	I waited weeks for a dinner reservation and on the evening that I was finally able to dine here, the service was impeccable, the setting was beautiful, and the cuisine was no exception! The entire dinner was about 3 hours long, but it was a delightful 3 hours because the setting, the wait staff, the food, the cocktails, and the company I was keeping were key components to my enjoyment that evening. The bread board is delicious and consists of focaccia and cracker breads and is served with 5 spreads; lemon butter and pesto were my favorite spreads. Burrata cheese with Balsamic salt and chicken Marsala meatballs were the appetizers we chose and we  did not regret our choices! There are many great selections on the general menu, but we decided to go with the tasting menu. An antipasti plate with bacon wrapped dates, cheese-stuffed peppers and tuna tar-tar crostinis start you off, followed by a second course of your choice of either lemon spaghetti or vegetable Bolognese. I selected lemon spaghetti because I make lemon spaghetti at home and naturally, I had to try it at Giada for comparison...it was great---as is my own if I do say so myself ;-). The third course is a choice of either salmon on a bed of summer succotash with whole grain mustard (my choice and it was delicious), or Sicilian roasted Colorado lamb (I tried a bite---also delicious), or Farroto with fava and morels. The sides were smashed lemon potatoes and a dish of sweet corn with spicy Italian sausage...they did not disappoint! The tasting menu was very filling...AMPLE portions! If you go with the tasting menu, you can select 5 desserts from the dessert cart. Unfortunately, I cannot remember the name of one dessert that I particularly enjoyed; although, the lemon ricotta cookie was another favorite from the dessert cart. I left with the recipes for the lemon ricotta cookie, and two pasta dishes, which were a gift if you ordered the tasting menu...I was tickled pink to get that cookie recipe presented in a special Giada envelope and an autographed Giada photograph. This might not matter to some, but I thought it was a unique touch that I've not been offered at other restaurants. On your way in or out of Giada, note that there is a small room with a black curtain by the escalator...it is a complimentary Giada photo booth! Be sure to take advantage of this complimentary feature and take home a souvenir photo strip...the machine will shoot out two copies for you to preserve the memory of your visit there! :-)
3	The food was tasty but the portions are the smallest I've seen in an Italian restaurant.
5	I must admit, I am a fan of Giada's shows and recipe books - so my opinion may be skewed.We ate here on a Monday night at 9:30pm.  We were seated at 9:45pm, and because we had the tasting menu, we did not leave until about 12:30pm.  I called about 2-3 weeks in advance and had about 2 or 3 time slots to choose from in a span of a week for a party of four for dinner.  So if you want to dine here, call well in advance.  The restaurant is very nicely located in the Cromwell, across from Ceasar's Palace and kitty corner from the Bellagio.  The view from the windows is fabulous, but you'll have to request a window table when you make reservations.Since we had to wait for a bit for our table, we had some cocktails at the bar. The service was a tad slow, but since they gave us an iPad that acted as the menu, we just played with it and explored the different drinks. Overall our cocktails were okay and cost $15 each.The tasting menu for the night was spot on with Giada's style.  If you have cooked from her recipes, you know what I mean. The flavor profiles were aligned with what I have made from her books before. Here's the overview:Bread selection - all of it was very yummy, but the rosemary foccacia was the star. We knew we had a lot of food coming, but we still had to ask for more bread JUST BECAUSE!Antipasti - a selection of four items.  I forgot the names of everything, but I ate everything but the stuffed peppers with goat cheese (not a fan of cheese).  The other three items were perfect, and I especially loved the eggplant mix.Second course - my friend and I ordered one each so we could try both.  She ordered the Vegetable Bolognese and I ordered the Lemon Spaghetti with Shrimp.  The Lemon Spaghetti was surprisingly good and the Shrimp were "ginormous"!  I personally liked the Vegetable Bolognese more, but both dishes were great.  Again, the flavor profile is SO GIADA.Third course - I chose the Sicilian Roasted Lamb.  I love lamb, but I must confess that I was SO stuffed because everything before this was so good that I could not truly enjoy this.  It was good, but if I had more space I would probably rave about it more.  I was so full that I could not even try the family-style sides of Smashed Potatoes and Sweet Corn (sniff sniff).Dessert - as stuffed as I was, because they roll to your table a big cart filled with all types of temptations, I had to try a few.  The gelato was good, especially a coffee flavored one. My only complaint was that it was melting too much.  The cookies were good, as was everything else. Again, I was too stuffed to truly enjoy it.  I wish I had a second stomach for the Third Course and Dessert!Along with the Tasting Menu, you also get a nice folder with some recipes, the tasting menu you had, and a signed copy of Giada's photo.  The only sad part of this dinner was that I brought my copy of Giada's book all the way from California...and she wasn't there to sign it. Boo hoo. But at least I still got a signed photo.If I get to come here again with my husband, I'll be making reservations here as soon as we book the trip!
5	Great Ambiance and great food! LOVED it! Definitely want to try dinner. Came for lunch for my Moms bday and at first I was a little disappointed that the lunch menu was so limited but now I see why. The lunch was so light and didn't make you feel like you need a nap afterwards. We both had the Lobster Rolls. My Mom got a side salad and I had zucchini fries and they were both awesome. I had the white sangria for drink which was wonderful and we did the donuts with infused citrus for a Bday dessert which was good as well. Our server had an Italian accent which added a nice touch to the Italian theme. I would most definitely visit again
1	I will begin by saying that I've never had a meal here; I tried with no luck.I was in charge of organizing a special dinner in Las Vegas for a group of coworkers, knowing that Giada's recently opened this was the first place I called. When I called, I was told that because I was making a reservation for more than 10 people that I had to speak with someone else, I was transferred to a different line and asked to leave a message with all details. I left a very detailed message on a Thursday, no one called me back so on Saturday I call again, I was told to call again on Monday. At this point I was beyond annoyed, but I decided to wait and call. I call back on Monday, I speak to a nice lady, I explain my situation, she told me she would transfer me to a manager, but that a) either his voicemail would be full or b) if I was able to leave a message he would more than likely not call me back. At this point I asked her to be honest with me and asked if I was better of just taking my business elsewhere, her answer? YES, you are better off going elsewhere because no one will call you back. Now, I know that this is a new restaurant, but what ever happened to good customer service?!? I will NEVER eat here, and I will highly discourage everyone I know from going here as well.  As the nice lady suggested, I took my business elsewhere. I made a reservation for my 14 guests at Botero, they were quick at answering the phone, emailed me a proposal the same day, and the day of the dinner took great care of us.Sorry Giada, your food may be great, but you need to take a close look at who is talking to your potential customers. Your restaurant will not be the hot spot forever, so when the newness wears, and the hype is over, how will you fill your tables?
5	We were coming to Vegas for just three nights, and this was number one on my list for where I wanted to dine, so I didn't take any chances and made reservations almost three months in advance (June 20th for a September 12 experience).  To say I had high expectations is putting it mildly, so honestly I didn't think there was any way it could live up to them.  I'm happy to report they managed to EXCEED them. (and that was sans Giada herself)We  arrived about five minutes early for our 5:30 reservations and were greeted warmly by the gals at the top of the stairs, given the brief tour and led to a two-top overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  sigh, it pays to plan ahead, folks.  :)The table was just the right size.  Small enough that we could easily converse and share food, but just large enough to handle all the food we ordered!Service was at a comfortable, relaxed pace. The whole time we felt like guests who were welcome to stay all night if we wanted.  They aren't about turning tables, which might be why they stay booked up.   I had to try her Signature Cocktail!  I still don't know what was in it, other than egg whites and a cool G.  Very delicious, with enough body to it that the G stayed in place for a long time.  Meanwhile Husband had the most incredible iced tea ever.  Made right in front of us, he was given his own little pitcher with some agave syrup.  I ended up ordering one later after coveting his.  ($6 each and worth it).As we perused the menu, I was trying to get Husband to give me an idea of what he wanted, but honestly I was very okay with him letting me decide, as having read reviews and the menu online (happy to report also that they have the updated menu with updated prices on the website now, by the way), I pretty much knew what I wanted to try!We started with the Orzo Meatballs and the Lobster Arancini, along with their fabulous bread service.  Loved the spices to kick up anything we wanted to! Now I can make some good balls, but I gotta say, these were excellent...both the meat ones and the rice ones!  Next we shared the Romaine Salad, which they brought to us split.  It was light and refreshing. Then we did the Spaghetti with Shrimp, Lemon, Basil and Capers.  Pasta & Shrimp perfection...yum!  And so was the Crab Risotto with the BEST Scallop I have ever tasted in my life.  Period.  Don't know why, as it appeared to be simply seared, but it was so rich and light at the same time.    Full, we still couldn't resist a sample off the dessert cart (after all, they were so small).  Husband wanted to try a nipple truffle...they gave him three.  I wanted to try the blueberry eclair...oh it comes with a cream puff too.  Plus, somehow two lemon ricotta cookies and a chocolate chip one landed on our table as well (thanks!).  I don't know if it was an oversight, or we had already spent enough or what, but we were not charged for any of the desserts. Again, made to feel like welcome guests.  Meanwhile, we got to watch the Bellagio fountains, both in the daylight and after the sun went down, very cool!I might also add that while this experience was more than we normally pay for a meal for two...for a total experience for two, it was just under $200 and well worth it! The view outside plus the full experience inside, it was a truly magical evening that I will never forget!  (which is why I chose this to be my 600th review).  Thank you Giada for taking your years of culinary and world experience and creating this place! And extra thanks to your hard-working so-polished staff....true culinary gems, in the kitchen and in the front!That being said, where was the infamous photo booth everyone talks about?   We never saw it!
5	Just finished my best dinner ever in Las Vegas at the new Giada's .    Everything was amazing from start to finish.  This is a must do when visiting .   Nothing else on the strip compares!
4	I will start off my saying my friend and I were very excited to eat here but our experience definitely started off on the wrong foot! We made our reservation about a month in advance. We arrive on time and are told there they are running about 15 mins behind. About 45 MINUTES LATER and two trips to the hostess stand we are sat. The hostess were unapologetic and just explained that they didn't have a table for two available. So why would I make a reservation for?! It was ridiculousDuring this time my friend and I sit at the bar and enjoy a Bellini. The decor is beautiful, the open pizza kitchen is awesome to watch and the floor to ceiling windows give a great view and beautiful lighting. The ambiance is just spectacular. Really well thought out and executed. Server knowledge was really good. He went over the menu and really guided us through it. But the service itself was slow. The FOOD. Amazing. We basically ordered every tapas of cheese and veggies we could. The sage honey served with the parmigiana was just the right amount of sweetness. The mozzarella had a bit of chili flakes with gave it a great little kick. The chicken Marsala meat balls... OMG so good!All the veggies we ordered were also very memorable.  We just order so much Food!We also ordered a pizza with apple balsamic drizzle. OMG I could eat this all day. Sweetness from the drizzle, a bit peppery from arugula and a nice eathyness from the creamy cheese. Pink peppercorns to finish. At this point we've had two rounds or drinks and full table of tapas. I have no idea how we will get to the entrees!After a bit of a debate we decide to go straight to dessert.... EPIC. Chocolate tiramisu ... I want to eat this everyday. Just beautiful. The donuts are light fluffy as the right amount of crispy on the outside. The chocolate it comes with is not overpowering. Finished with some lemon zest which really gave it a clean feeling. We also have the Nutella espresso drink. Amazing.The food was EPIC. We have already decided to come back to try entrees and have our mind set to taste on a COUPLE of things! Can't wait! Bravo Giada! Really well done!
5	The food is simply amazing. The atmosphere is relaxing, classy and elegant. Worth the trip!
5	We made lunch reservations and received a window table looking towards the Bellagio. Well the intersection of Flamingo and Las Vegas blvd. we were seated quickly. The food was excellent. Will need to try the dinner menu. Make reservations well in advance!
2	I was very disappointed in my experience at Giadas!  I mean, it's Giadas, so I was expecting a lot!  It being on the Las Vegas Strip and a bit more pricey, I was expecting TOP NOTCH service!  Didn't really get the best customer service.  Our waiter seemed like we were a nuisance to be served right from the start!  I mean, we didn't even look at the food menu, he asked what we wanted to drink and I said tap water and from then on, the experience went downhill.  I was a bit insulted....I don't go to a restaurant like Giadas to drink....I go to EAT the food she makes!  Well after we looked at the menu, asked our questions we had on how certain dishes were prepared, I began to order.  I ordered two appetizers and a main entree for myself and my friend ordered an appetizer and main entree.  When we were done, I saw that the expression on our waiter was more attentive, seeing that we were spending our money on food instead of the alcohol.  But really?  One should not base their service on how much a customer is willing to spend, but that's how I felt we were being treated. Another thing was the waiter that served us was terrible in explaining how dishes were prepared.  I ordered the Lobster arancino after asking how it was prepared.  The waiter did not state it was "deep fried" and instead said "pan-fried" now there's a difference between the two....well let's just say, the fried rice balls were MUCH better at Macaroni Grill.  I was however, thoroughly impressed with the Lemon Spaghetti, Giada's signature dish.  Now if it wasn't for that this, I would be giving it 0-1 stars....but because of the lemon spaghetti, I may actually decide to go there again JUST for that one dish. Forget about dessert, it just sits out on a car in the restaurant UNCOVERED, becoming dried up in the LOW HUMIDITY of Las Vegas....terrible idea!  What they should do is have a cart for decor purposes only, and use only that, have the customer's order and prepare it fresh in the back kitchen.  I mean cmon, for the price you're paying, customers should at least get some freshly made desserts to end their meal!  Well that's my rant...and I RARELY give negative reviews....just did not have a good experience here.
5	I had heard that Giada De Laurentiis, the famous cooking TV personality, had opened a restaurant at The Cromwell and was mildly interested.  Then, when an article appeared in the Parade Magazine and both my mother and my sister became overly curious, I made a reservation.  And finally, weeks later, it was my turn to experience the divine.  We went in thinking we would get a few things and share.  Soon we were ordering the tasting menu and wine pairing complete with an autographed photo, souvenir menu and recipe cards.  I guess you could say we were "all in," in poker parlance.  We began with the Antipasti:  Bacon Wrapped Dates (with spicy Italian sausage  gorgonzola crema), Vitello Tonanato (veal loin, seared tuna, caper aioli), and Baby Sweet Peppers (with goat cheese and olive tapenade).  Second:  Pasta (Rigatoni with vegetable Bolognese).  Third:  Salmon (pan roasted with summer succotash & whole grain mustard).  Dessert:  Banana ice cream, Chocolate ice cream, chocolate chip cookies, etc.--the nice man brought the cart and I wanted some of everything!  And he was a willing co-conspirator.  The dining room is absolutely LOVELY -- fantastic in every way, maybe the best dining room in Las Vegas, and that is saying something.  Added to that, it sits kitty corner to the Bellagio and the dancing waters, which are magical to watch.  The table was a tad small.  A good thing for conversation but a bad thing for all the food and wine we ordered; we averaged three glasses of wine each on the table at any one time. Service was at a comfortable, relaxed pace. The whole time we felt like guests who were welcome to stay all night. The service was spectacular and the Manager went out of his way to greet every single customer.  The first salmon they brought me was stinky and overcooked.  They whisked it away and brought me another that was positively wonderful.  The wine-lady, Theresa did a good job, up until the point where she paired a $5 Nero d'Avala with the Salmon -- a total no-no.   Otherwise, her pairings were classic, just what you'd find if you consulted one of those phone apps.  The coffee was strong, but of good quality.  Seems that all these restaurants serve something called an Americano--espresso with some hot water added -- the stuff will stop your heart, after it races away.  All-in-all the experience was outstanding -- Andrew and Nick did a great job of keeping it all well-paced and us well-fed and well-attended to. At the end of the meal they give you a mini-ipad with your bill to fill out a survey, I think that is a bad idea because the time that it takes to do the survey could be used to turn the table over and get the waiting guests inside.  This is the kind of place that you want to go to at 5pm, if your reservation is for anytime after 7 you WILL WAIT!I have seen a lot of very critical reviewing of this place out there in cyberspace and in print.  I get some of it, but I think a lot of it is just unfair.  If you want spaghetti and meatballs, this is NOT the place to go.  But if you want a meal of well thought out quality food, cooked perfectly and FOR YOU, then this is a very worthy place.  Good for you Giada I wish you well!  At $550 for two, out the door, I don't think I'll be back soon, unless I can find a sponsor!
4	Giada Giada Giada. This place is amazing. What a BEAUTIFUL venue. Located in the Cromwell on the second floor with views to die this is a great place for lunch or dinner. We came for lunch and the natural lighting from the panoramic windows truly kept the place bright. It was a two hour wait for a table by the window so we sat at the bar. Which is perfect because we really are bar people. Now the ONLY reason Im giving a 4 star review instead of a 5 Star is for the service. The bartenders couldnt have been bothered any less then to help us out. We sat at the bar for 10 minutes before we could even be greeted. When we finally were I ordered a Ciroc and Soda and the guy didnt even know what Ciroc was.. Now i would understand if I ordered something completely off the wall but I mean come on... thats pretty standard. Andy ordered a coffee and the bartender spatted off a list of different cappuccinos they had its like no dude, just a regular coffee lol The other bartender Nicole was also kind of a nightmare. She was giving away drinks left and right to the folks sitting next to us so maybe she knew them? But when that was over we started ordering a few dishes. We had the Pasta Fazoli soup which was pretty good, not the best but certainly not the worst. We also had the marinated olives, also not the best. BUT then we tried the Chicken Marsala meatballs and those were phenom. 5 bite sized meatballs with roasted wiled mushrooms. wow. they seriously melted in your mouth. so good! then we had the Salumi Picante Pizza. This is probably one of the best food items Ive ever had in a restaurant. spicy dry sausage, san marzano tomato sauce, mozzarella, and oregano. But let me just talk about the crust for a second... That pizza dough could cure cancer. I mean seriously it was AMAZING. For dessert we had the zeppoli. Now im a huge fan of this dessert, its always been my go-to while at an Italian restaurant but this one was made like Ive never had before. It wasnt sweet, like Ive normally had. And it had lemon zest sprinkled all over. Im going to have to try it again to see if i really liked it because oddly enough Im kind of unsure. This was a great place and we will def be back, but we will make a reservation for a table next time and hopefully receive better service.
5	Best restaurant in Vegas.  Our Server Amber was as good as it gets.  The Cocktail's and food were on the next level.  Highly reccomend it!
5	Second time here, much better this trip! Food was amazing! Had the bucatini .. Very very good, excellent wine menu salad and quite a large dessert selection, service is over the top
5	Beautiful restaurant and fantastic food and service.  Can't wait to go back to try more on the menu.  The cocktails were great too - although if you're looking for a buzz they're delicious but weak as a kitten. Fred was our waiter- he was delightful.  Giada was actually there that night too - very sweet and chatting with everyone. Dessert cart was juicy. They book up quickly - we made our reservation two months in advance.  They do seem to have reservations for lunch.  Couple of small issues - the tablets are cool but a hassle - we had trouble getting to the different menu choices. Also, the food was a little cold - must have been waiting out there a bit.  But all small things.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Tough to get a reservation but once you do it's great food and great service.  Food items are small portions so I recommend having an appetizer and an entree w/ a side. Fun atmosphere. Great views of the Las Vegas strip.
2	Great food as expected by the amazing Giada. The service however was terrible! I won't go back for this reason. The waiter forgot half of our order, hit me with a serving tray, forgot drinks and even over charged us for two cocktails that never came to the table. There is a definite management issue so far with the restaurant.
5	Beautiful restaurant located on the second floor of the new Cromwell Hotel with decor that is bright and charming as Giada. Service was excellent and Tish, our server, was very sweet and attentive. I ordered the Lobster roll sandwich with zucchini scapecce which was delicious without the usual mayo flavor but a light lemon basil aioli and fried caper sauce. The managers made it a point to come to our table to make sure everything was fine. I will definitely go back to try a sangria and desert.
3	3.5 starsWhen the gigantic, hydraulic-controlled windows are swung open, letting in a faint breeze & noises from the strip two floors below, it is a real treat to sit at the restaurant's perimeter. Nearing closing time, the windows were slammed shut, & there went all of our ambiance (literally out the window.) Something about the lovely natural elements detracted from the air-con, set to full blast, & the overly simplistic decor which lacked character. Weather permitting, keep them windows open!The dessert cart rolled by several times, tempting me. When I finally tried all three cookies (lemon, chocolate chip/ricotta, PB with blackberry jam), a bite of blueberry eclair, & a spoonful of dark chocolate amaretti cake, I was disappointed that they had tasted no better than a run-of-the-mill buffet dessert (at triple the cost.) Two appetizers stood out as phenomenal: bacon-wrapped dates were sticky & plump, and crostini w/ ricotta, honey, lemon, & pink peppercorns were addictive bites of sweet & savory; the olive oil drizzle was extremely tasty & (I assume) a high quality one. He enjoyed the salumi (bresaola & proscuitto) and cheese (parmesan & mozzarella) platter. The sage honey & spicy grain mustard accompaniaments were especially delicious. Thumbs up for his rack of lamb. I chose farroto (faro) with fava beans, morels, & pecorino, which was extremely salty, & not up to par with the other amazing items we tried. I'd be hard-pressed to recommend; just another celebrity chef getting paid to throw her name on a Vegas eatery.
5	Vegas Insider Heaven!  One of the top Italian restaurants in Las Vegas.  Giada De Laurentis has the restaurant business to new heights.  Grilled cheese with prosciutto and lemon is truly a dish that sets the innovation here to new levels.  The pizza, and olives were a great combo.  The orange cappucino, and zeppole's are something you will not find at the feast of San Gennaro.  The food at Giada's are very flavorful.  The lemon grilled cheese allowed you to distinctively taste the lemon along with the sandwich.  Italian, Innovative, Iconic, Las Vegas--A True Culinary Capital!  Thanks to my Las Vegas Hoya friend for recommending!
5	This was a pick of my wife's for a late Birthday lunch, and a good pick it turned out to be.  I will not deny I was a tad skeptical when she picked it, I tend to be a bit over critical of European styled restaurants in the US, especially celebrity run ones, mainly because I used to travel all over Europe for business.  I'm even worse if it's Italian!  I apologize for my inner snob coming out there.Fear not dear reader of this review - you will not be disappointed if you come here.  This place is done with class, it's perfect from the initial greeting, looking up your reservation (and yes make one it's a popular place for good reason), being taken to your table and handed off to your server.  The atmosphere in here is amazing and it has stunning views of the strip. When asked due to bright sunlight they lowered the automatic blinds without complaint.  Now add to that the great table service and wonderful, helpful, relaxed explanation of all the menu items.  Even something as basic as water refills was done in a friendly, conversational manner.Now after all that, yes, I'll get to the food!The bread plate up front was nothing short of wonderful.  Now add to this our appetizer of Chicken Marsala Meatballs which were wonderfully, naturally, flavored and so soft and succulent it was the perfect start to our meal.For our mains we had the Lobster Roll as well as the Tenderloin Sliders and these also were both tantalizing and delicious. The food here just has to be tried.One final point on the atmosphere here and I'll be done I promise!  It is cosy, inviting and relaxing.  A truly great place for special occasions.
5	We were a party of 8 for lunch. Everything we ordered was so delicious and nothing was left unfinished... highly recommend the Venetian panino, the lemon basil grilled cheese, the muffelatta, the tuna sandwich, and the pizzassss... we ordered all these things and we shared amongst us. Everything was freshly made and succulent. And to top it off we ran into the beautiful Giada herself.  Coming back for sure.
2	Lunch. Unremarkable food. However bread w/ pesto was addictive and best thing not on the menu. Ordered:-caponata- spread that came w/ bread and pesto. Eat just the bread and pesto. -muffuletta - better in Nola at Central Grocery. -lemon pesto grilled cheese w/ prosciutto. Perfectly grilled but expect more for $22.-chocolate tiramisu- rich and decadent. Pretty good but wish there was more distinction of textures. Too mousse-like.-espresso nocciolato- more like a dessert than a drink. Too much nutella.
4	Being a giant fan of Giada I was so excited to hear she opened up her own restaurant here in my hometown, sin city. I found out the wait list for her restaurant is about 4 months long and saw my hopes of dining there slip away. Come to find out my best friend surprised  me by making reservations months in advance for my birthday and my dreams came true. We had 1:45 reservations, we walk up to the hostess at about 1:20 to let her know we were in the vicinity, she made it very clear that she didn't want anything to do with us until our strict 1:45 reservation time. Our time came and I went back to the desk to let her know we're ready, she had our table ready very promptly at 1:45.The dining area at first glance is beautiful, pristine white makes everything look sparkling clean. We are seated and In a few moments the waiter is over. He goes over the menu in depth and gives us a moment to decide. When he returns he answers all our questions in great detail and listened to ourSpecific needs (one of us doesn't eat meat). We ordered the wood roasted mushrooms and chicken orzo meatballs to start. Also ordered two muddled strawberries which is a brilliant concoction of tea,lemonade,strawberries, and basil. AllOf these dishes were an absolute smash. We order our main dishes which were a frittata and Giada's lasagna. Both of these dishes were great and we had not a single complaint with them. They also bring you a sort of pita bread with a pesto oil spread which is great as well. They have a gentleman of whose job it is to make sure your water is always full which was nice. With it being my birthday we of course ordered dessert which was a tiramisu and a cappuccino of sorts with Nutella. They even wrote "happy birthday" in chocolate on myPlate. These Desserts really smashed this experience through the roof.As we wait for the waiter to bring the bill I see Giada Herself talking to some patrons in the restaurant. My heart of course stops and our waiter personally asked her to come to my table because it was my birthday. She sat and took a picture with me, wished me a happy birthday, made sure our lunch was everything we expected, and said she liked my hair. I died on the inside. The food was awesome, our waiter was a class act, and the Giada was everything I'd hope she be. The reasons I gave this four stars ........ The epic waiting list which reaches 4 monthsIs extreme but totally understandable. The portion sizes of these dishes are minimal at best and very pricey. Everyone should definitely try this restaurant. Not a place to get full but a dynamite venue for a special event. From the food to the staff to Giada herself an absolute smash.
4	All those times I watched her on TV and was starving... now I get my chance!! The decor is beautiful and exactly what I would expect based on her personality and show. Service is very attentive and the waiters are very friendly. We had the starter platter with the chicken marsala, lobster arancini, fritto misto. It's a good way to try various dishes, although it wasn't my favorite. The mortadella pizzette was just so-so. The dough was good but the mortadella topping was a little plain. I would order a different one next time.My favorite dish, hands-down, was the lemon spaghetti. It was so lemony and delicious. In my mind I had already thought it would be a regular spaghetti dish but it was 100% better. The ravioli and salmon were satisfying runner-ups.Only downside is the $$$. It's probably just a special visit here and then because it is heavily overpriced. Make sure to stop by the Photo Booth (by the hostess) before you leave!P.S. Yes, I saw Giada, but she was too busy (and I was too nervous)! Now I regret it...
5	Round out your meal with the cookies for desert. You won't regret the decision!
2	As a local, I have been dining here four times since the opening and on my recent visit the service has really done down hill. Although the food and atmosphere is great, our waiter was completely rude and dismissive. We celebrated my husband's birthday and spent $280, but the waiter made us feel as if we weren't ordering enough despite ordering drinks, appetizers, entrees and dessert. He rarely came to check on us. Our calamari appetizer was slimy and smelled fishy, so we sent it back and he was annoyed. When we ordered dessert, they did not offer us coffee/tea and never did anything for his birthday despite mentioning it. It takes minimal effort to stick a candle in a dessert. We also had to flag down our waiter to receive the check after waiting 20 minutes just to have a different person bring the check back and thank us for coming. Although I love Giada, I feel that there are plenty of other options on the Strip at this price point where they have proper management and staff that knows how to run a restaurant. I would be happy to speak to management regarding my experience if  they were to reach out. It's also impossible to get a hold of anyone at this restaurant to complain!
5	Fun location for a bite to eat at the bar. Service by the bartenders was excellent. Delicious appetizers and drinks!  Great dirty martini. Loved the salami pizette and bacon wrapped dates.
5	Among the Celebrity Chef restaurants on the strip Giada is the first one to live up to the hypeService 5Food5Wine 5Dessert 5
1	Had great expectations for this restaurant and was highly disappointed.  Arrived early and sat in the lounge.  My husband had to go to the bar to get drinks for us since the server was nowhere to be found and never acknowledged our presence.  I had a mojito and there was no visible mint in my drink.  WTH!  Was seated at our table at the time of our reservation. The server told us that we could NOT order an appetizer first, that we must order our entire meal to include wine at one time, end of discussion.  Okay we make our choices and order about 10 minutes later.  Still no bread.  Wait about 15 minutes for appetizers, they are brought.  Then finally some bread is brought out.  We ordered the bacon wrapped dates and the olives and they were meh!  The warm bread was covered in salt, so much so that my husband the sodium freak said it was too much for him.  I had the shrimp with spaghetti while my spouse had the lamb.  My pasta was clumpy and overcooked as were the two shrimp I received with it.  My husband's lamb was ordered medium rare and was received as  well done.  Both appetizers lacked seasoning and we were not offered any  parmesan for the pasta or salt/pepper for any of our food.  On a side note, the portions are incredibly  small.  My sister lives in Vicenza Italy and I thave traveled there on a frequent basis for the past 30 years, 3-4 times a year and this is not Italian food or service.  The waiter asked how we were enjoying our meal and we told him.  No one from management approached us.  We did not order dessert because the majority of it appeared dried out.  My husband did order coffee for after dinner.  This was a total waste of our time and money.
4	Giada's is an OUTSTANDING restaurant!  I was very impressed with out attentive the wait staff was.  The food was excellent; HunnyBunny had the Lobster Roll & I had the Filet Mignon Tenderlion sliders with mixed greens and pepper jelly.  Try the Sangria and the Birdie or have your server recommend a wine.  You will enjoy time spent dining
5	If I had to pick a last meal...dinner at Giada's would be it!  Being a huge Giada fan I could not wait to try her first restaurant and made reservations weeks in advance.  We were seated promptly with a view of the Paris Eiffel Tower :) The food....OMG the food.......we started with the large hot antipasto platter (there was four of us) and we cleared it, quickly!  I had seen that many yelpers recommended the lemon spaghetti so I tried it.  Go to Giada's and get the lemon spaghetti.  JUST ORDER IT.  It was perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, and will take you to a piazza in Italy!  We also tried the vegetable bolognese, branzino and the lamb.  Everything was excellent!!!Giada has hit it out of the park!  The restaurant is gorgeous, the service excellent, and the food superb.The only thing I did not care for was the iPads to order the antipasto.  It was awkward and confusing to use.  Also, beware, the waiter poured us sparking water and didn't bother to ask if that's what we wanted.  We drank it, and we were charged for it.
3	The service was great. I have no complaints about the people there.The ambiance is lovely...The food was just "OK" I had the salmon and my companions had the chicken cacciatore .  The salmon was the blandest fish I've ever had in a  (luxury) restaurant and the chicken cacciatore was really dry (so it needed the sauce served with it).Probably the best way to enjoy this restaurant is to not choose an entree at all and instead share appetizers.Since we had to wait  a month to actually get a reservation here, I had high expectations and with so many amazing restaurants available in Las Vegas, I expected to be wowed.  I wasn't wowed, I yawned.
5	Best dining experience in most recent memory! This place has it all! The decor, the great drinks, creative and delicious food, and location! A perfect place for a special occasion or just a treat with that special someone! Attention to every detail has been thought of in this place! The specialized drink menu for instance has drinks named after Giana's grandfather who was movie producer Dino De Laurentis. All the drinks have names of some of the movies he produced. To start, they bring a lovely bread assortment with dipping sauces, don't miss the rosemary roll! The cheese dishes are various sizes and assortments, depending on the size of your table. The only thing I will warn you of is that they tell you the portions aren't large enough to share, but they are!
5	Amazing experience! Food was so tasty and friendly staff! I want to go again but I live 3k miles away! Giada....Please open a restaurant in Washington DC!
1	Decent appetizers. HORRIBLE SERVICE! Food is not worth the horrible service. Sbarro across the street gives you better bang for your buck
5	We went to Giada for a nice birthday dinner. The first thing you notice when walking in, is the environment is intriguing. By that, I mean there are so many things to look at. From the fresh pasta being made to the decorations, the environment can be a little intoxicating (in a good way) The food was amazing! We got the cheese, the bucatini, and the veal chop. As well as a bottle of sparkling. The sommelier was great! I can't remember his name off the top of my head, but he was very willing to chat with us about the winery where our wine came from, and spent a good amount of time with us. Our glasses were never empty. Whether it was the server or sommelier, both were very attentive. The desserts were incredible. The ricotta cake was a delightful surprise, and the lemon cookies were addictive. Our service was top notch. Our server was Rocco. As an italian, he fits in perfectly at Giada. However, his service was absolutely incredible. I highly recommend asking for him if you make a reservation at Giada. I believe service is the key to a great restaurant, and here, Rocco makes this experience and restaurant absolutely amazing. I highly recommend Giada, and Rocco as your server.
5	Wonderful service. Delicious VEGETARIAN food. Tasteful decor.. Great indoor outdoor feel.Good view.FINALE-- Perfect dessert!Can we have you in manhattan??!!
4	I was very excited to go to Giada's because I think she is just lovely and love her show.  The place is gorgeous with an amazing view.  The service was great, the food very good but the value was lacking.  My husband had the lamb shops and literally there were two chops for over $35.  The small pizzas were very good and the spicy pasta delicious. The dessert cart was very nice. I would go back but honestly I would go to the bar and just order appetizers.
5	We had a fantastic birthday experience!  I cant believe that this was the old steak house at Bills.  They did such an amazing job on the redecoration.  It is one of the best rooms in town.  Really open and alive with energy.  The staff was extremely personable and attentive.  We started with olives (which were HUGE), pizza and mozz apps.  Fantastic.  Then split the shrimp  lemon spaghetti and Florentine steak.  The steak was just as good if not better then Carnivino.  And that's high, high praise.  The shrimps with the spghetti were the biggest I've ever had.  When time for dessert a little trolley comes by and you pick what you want.  Was with a party of six and we all loved the total dinning experience.  We will be back for sure.  I hear lunch is outstanding as well.My only note would be to have bigger then a 6 oz glass for water.  A beautiful Murano glass just too small for people like me that drink water....
5	Sweet mother of God    I've died and gone to culinary heaven. I'm speechless. Every Damn thing is incredibly wonderful.  Simply a flawless menu. I literally embarrassed my wife and coworkers and tired to eat and drink everything they offered.  Superb location. Great views of the strip.  Expensive. Yeppir. But who gives a F..... It is worth every penny.  Don't skimp and try to eat some cheap meal. Be a man.  Eat like a king and your stomach will thank you. Please trust me on this one. Put this place on your bucket list Now!!!
2	I really don't know what all the hype is about.  The food is mediocre and way over priced. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful and service is average.  More casual than upscale/fine dining.  I wouldn't go back.
5	Amazing food and service.  Lovely ambiance.  Our servers Fred and Brandon were both amazing.  Lemon spaghetti with shrimp and the lamb chops were fantastic. We plan to go back every time we go back to Vegas.
4	First of all, this place is hard to get into. Reservations fill quickly.They do offer the full menu at the bar, which is seated first come-first served. So you may be able to get a seat there at the last minute.It took two tries to make this work for me, even though I was alone. My first try was for an early dinner (just after 5pm), but managed to get a seat for lunch at nearly 1pm a few days later.I sat at the bar, and was quickly and courteously greeted. My bartender/server knew the menu well, and was able to make solid recommendations.I spent some time looking through the menu. Noticed there was an entire section of cheese plates. Ok, I'm all in.I ordered the burrata cheese for an appetizer and the Gorgonzola, arugula, and mushroom pizza for my entree.So, here's my only real complaint: the pizza arrived about two minutes after the cheese. Sure, this is a small plates place, so having them out together isn't a mortal sin, but the cheese should be its own course, IMHO, and I did specifically request that I start with the cheese and then have the pizza.Watch your timing, guys.In any case, I went with the burrata because it was a cheese I wasn't familiar with. It's basically mozzarella wrapped around a fresh cream cheese. It was wonderful, and actually lighter than it looked, which isn't to say it wasn't heavy. Just not as bad as it sounds.Eat it with the toasted Italian bread they bring out. It needs to be spread, not eaten alone (which is how I typically like my cheeses).Then the pizza. It was a Neopolitan style dough, with a nice balance between the three strong flavored ingredients.Lastly, as I was going to need some help getting through the day, after nearly 72 hours in Vegas, I ordered a coffee.When I want to test the espresso knowledge of a place, I ask for a doppio ristretto. My bartender/server had no idea what that was. Disappointing, but not unusual.So, I asked for a double short espresso, which is the less pretentious version of the same thing. He knew what that was.Someone else pulled the shot, so it seems like they have someone specializing in the espresso machine. That's a good thing in a place like this, that isn't pulling shots all day long.According to my bartender/server, Giada herself is in the place at least once a week. Unfortunately, that wasn't while I was there.
3	6 weeks in the making as I have to get reservation.  3 adults and 2 kids. $350 FOR LUNCH.  Yes@@??! $.Once in a lifetime experience since I don't think I am coming back. Because I rather spend that money somewhere else.Place is nice and bright. Premiere real estate as you can sit near the window overlooking the strip if you have a small party.Don't get me wrong. Food is excellent and fresh. But ridiculously overpriced. 5 Costco Sized meatball costing $14. No thanks.ice cream and gelato is the best I ever had. So good and rich.Lobster roll was good but $35. Way too overpriced but note no mayo which still taste amazing.  I had a Carbonara pizza which was good and the sunny side up egg is eye appleasing. Also had lemon grilled cheese with prosciutto.Pesto sauce that came with baked pizza bread is out of this world. So good that we asked to pack home the sauce.Only disappointing plate we has was the baked lasagna. Nothing special. Very small portion by the way.Was kinds bummed with limited menu for lunch, but we still ordered lots of food. No giada sighting for me.
5	Oh. My. God.  The food we had was absolute perfection!!  We had reservations so we didn't have much of a wait (maybe 7 minutes), but we were told dinner reservations are 6 months out and lunch u can do walk-ins but you'll have to wait 30-45 mins.  Our lunch was incredible from the bread all the way to dessert.  I ordered the carbonara pizza and it was the best pizza I have ever eaten.  Someone in my party ordered the lemon pesto grilled cheese, which was phenomenal and came with zucchini scapecce, which I had never had before but was awesome...I'd rather eat that then French fries!  Even the bread with the pesto spread before the meal was awesome.  As far as strip restaurants go, it was on par for pricing, if not slightly cheaper for lunch.  I can't wait to go back and try dinner (I should probably make my reservation now!!)  Wait staff was very good as well.
4	This visit started out with a much lower rating. We waited a full hour to be seated for our reservation (lunch! Not even dinner!)  The hostess kept saying we were next but parties kept being seated ahead of us. They were apologetic but no real explanation. Finally the manager walked by and seemed genuinely concerned that we hadn't been seated yet. We were seated quickly after, given a table with a view and a complementary round of cocktails (thus the higher rating!). The food was excellent and delivered quickly, but then we had a hard time getting the bill - maybe why they're so behind on seating?? Basically a great restaurant with a lot of potential, but they need to rethink their flow a bit. Also, more bartenders!  I was able to observe the poor man while I ordered cocktails for our hour wait. Very polite but totally overworked. (The cocktails are excellent by the way :) Order the G or the barberella)
1	My husband and I and another couple from out of state, who had never been to Las Vegas went to dinner @ Giada's on the night of Sept. 30. We were there to celebrate our wedding anniversary. I had made reservations a good month and a half before this date. Our time was 5pm. I am a big fan of Giada's on the Food Network, and I knew the food should be great! I thought she would never put her name on a place that wasn't going to be a wonderful place to celebrate an occasion. WRONG!!!!   We went to the bar while waiting for our table, 3 glasses of wine and a tip, $54. We were seated, and I requested a window seat ahead of time, but they put us at a side table where the shutters were barely open. We were given a wine menu, a food menu, then a tasting menu. We were told we all had to order the tasting menu or no one could. Confusing! We were told to order several dishes and share them family style. Our waiter asked if we wanted to speak to the sommelier, which my husband declined, because he knew of most of the bottles on the list, and which one we wanted to order. He brought the wine over, and our one friend declined to have a glass. The waiter said, "maybe you would like a scotch instead?" Our friend said, "as a matter of fact, I would". The waiter said, " I was joking". He brought the scotch.    We then ordered our food, the waiter suggested the antipasti plate. We each placed our order, then the waiter said that would not be enough food for you all, so I am going to order you a lemon spaghetti also. Aaaaaa, we did not ask for that??? In the mean time, the sommelier came over. Again, we did not ask for him. The food all came out, but took along time. Portions were small, but over all, the food was good.   Then things really turned. We sat for a least 15 minutes with our dirty, finished dishes in front of us. Finally, we stacked the dishes in hopes of being noticed. Someone finally came over and removed them. There was no mention of dessert to us. Our waiter came back over and asked if we wanted to see the dessert wine menu. By that time, we were ready to move on out of there. Enough! Between the bar bill and dinner bill and 2 tips we spent close to $ 500, and to top it off there was never a mention on " are you here for any special occasion?"  We took the manager's card. I emailed him a few days later. He responded saying he was out of town and would call me in 2 days. No call came. 5 days after that, I emailed him again. He responded with, a sorry, I am out of town. I will call you tomorrow. Well, guess what?? No call !! Maybe if they had a manager who was around more, the poor service would not happen. Not worth your time and money going there.
4	I hate to admit that my familiarity with celebrity restaurants on the Strip is few and far between due to budget constraints.Just like any casino, hotels and restaurants on the Strip have one objective in mind which is quite blatant in Giada.  New York Times' Pete Wells compared the space to a museum since everything from the napkins to the plates to the tons of retail merchadise showcase the brand of Giada de Laurentiis, Italian-born American celebrity chef.This profit-driven objective may be easily be overlooked by well-heeled diners with its tasteful but casual interiors and satisfying food.  You are greeted with counters of freshly made pasta and antipasto at the entrance.  The space is relaxed, chic and beautiful, with views of the Strip.  $100 will get you satisfied for lunch, but for dinner and drinks, you'll definitely need $200/head or more.Serving sizes are a little small, but the quality of food is excellent.  I really enjoyed the seared tuna bruschettas, the scallop risotto and the Tomahawk steak was excellent.  There are evil servers wheel around a dessert cart coaxing you to spend some more.  Giada is a well-oiled machine to please, but make sure you read the fine print.  To view more photos, check out my blog. :) http://findingtheyummyinvegas.com/dinner-party-giada/
4	I love Giada (the chef) and was afraid her first restaurant would end up being a disappointment. I'm glad to now officially say that she exceeded my expectations! I really wasn't expecting much from the food. I checked out the menu in advance and none of the dishes impressed me. That is, until I tasted the food. Let me first say that I was extremely surprised that my group and I were even allowed in the restaurant. We had a reservation for 5 on a busy Friday evening. Due to heavy traffic, we had no time to stop at our hotel to change for dinner and showed up looking like a hot mess: t-shirts, flip flops, basketball shorts, sweaty, etc. I, personally, hadn't even brushed my hair all day. So kudos to the hostesses for not laughing us out of the restaurant when we showed up. I wish I could say that I was also blown away by the wait staff but that is sadly not the case. It took at least 10 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge us after we were seated and even longer for us to get some water. If anything at the restaurant needs improvement, it's definitely the table service.Now, on to the food. We were a hungry bunch and wanted to try everything: orzo meatballs, calamari, tomato & strawberry jam crostini, margherita pizzette, tricolore salad, spaghetti, ravioli, and an assortment of desserts from the cart. The best items of the evening were the meatballs, pizzette, spaghetti and ravioli. The ingredients were simple but delicious. My only complaint (and you'll see this in many other reviews) is the price. Subtract one dollar sign and I would definitely be eating here every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Here with my wife and family for my wife's birthday.  Serving and staff was spot on and above expectation.   Cliff and Bart were a awesome team.  To many antipasti to remember.  The bacon wrapped dates were amazing as was all the  Cheese and prosciutto.   I recommend letting the server pick the flavors.  Branzino and tomahawk ribeye was a great combination.  Mushroom  Bolognese over pasta, lemon spaghetti,  the dessert tray is Wow!!!!!!Giada came to our table and said hi! What a view of the strip aswell.  Thank you team Giada!
3	The ambiance here is amazing. The service is outstanding. The antipasti was delicious. I ordered the lemon pasta and the shrimp were overcooked and rubbery and the pasta was overcooked and mushy. My dads lobster ravioli was also overcooked. Get it together you guys and you'll have an awesome place here.
3	beautiful restaurant and location. everyone was nice and gracious. the food, however, was just so-so. all the pasta and risotto entrees we got were swimming in butter and oil. it was hard to finish the dishes (lobster ravioli, lemon spaghetti, and scallop risotto) because they were so heavy. also, the lemon spaghetti (spa---ghe- tee) was all stuck together in clumps (not individual strands). we joked at the table that giada would be horrified if she knew.
1	I was very excited about coming here for my birthday dinner with some friends.  A big fan of her shows. The restaurant looks very nice, but it was overly loud including the street noise.  We couldn't even hear our waiter describe things on the menu.  They gave us an iPad for the drinks/wine list that was very slow to scroll through the pages.  The sampling appetizer dish was good, but nothing spectacular.  The  Paste e Fagioli soup was very bland.  The biggest disappointment was all of our entrees. Everything was EXTREMELY SALTY, the bone-in Tuscan Rib-eye was cooked well but none of us could take a second bit without gulping down a glass of water.  Same is said for their pizza.  The highly recommended Spaghetti with shrimp wasn't any better, the shrimp was overcooked to the point that it was hard to cut.  Everyone took 2 bites of their food.  We pointed this out to the waiter and he insisted that the manager should be informed of the problem. Once we told the manager of the problem, he just gave us a nod in agreement, and all he offered to do was to give us dessert and walked away.  He did not offer to remake, replace, or asked us what we wanted.  We struggled through dinner only to decide that it wasn't even worth our time to stay and try their desserts.  Bad service, horrible food, don't think we'll come back here.
4	Today was the opening day for their breakfast. The menu was limited but still tasty and great presentation. And the best part was the fact she was there too!!!
5	What a meal! My husband and I have been looking forward to coming  to Vegas and eat at Giadas ! And we did! From the Gluten free pasta with a marinera /lemon / spicy sauce to die for to the Chicken Caciattori  crispy and juice in the inside. The basket of assorted bread with a tray of different dipping sauces ( my husband was the only one who enjoyed this) and to top it off Giada herself was in the house!! Did I mention the Antipasto bar? What a display of amazing imported meats and cheeses!!!  Love the decor and homage to her Grandfather. A must when in Vegas! You will not be disappointed !
5	I booked this event for 22 people thru the group sales division. We were offered three choice for a family style price fix dinner, and we went with the top option.  At $125 per head and a minimum of $150 required before tax and tip, we all arrived on 10-5-14 for an experience that topped all others anywhere that I have been.  We were greeted promptly at the top of the escalator, and escorted to 3 tables, all beautifully laid out.  I spoke to the GM, and all the wait staff, to greet and handle the alcohol arrangements.  Everyone was super friendly, and the feast began right on time.  This is no ordinary meal, and it took all of my eating powers to try every one of the 28-30 items we were presented with.The house wines flowed freely, and a few awesome cocktails as well, and every dish they brought was spectacular, starting with fresh breads, and amazing amounts of appetizers.  After catching our breath they set up new serving dishes and proceeded to serve up the lemon spaghetti w/shrimp, lobster ravioli, and some amazing salad.  The dinner entrees were the bone-in rib eye, chicken , and scallops w. risotto, all amazing.I requested a nice vegetarian meal for one, and they presented my friend with a beautiful plate of food, which he was very pleased with.For dessert they kept bringing all kinds of wonderful cookies, and other treats, plus each table had fresh sorbet w/ berries, that was made with agave nectar for diabetics like me.  I asked for whipped cream, and they made it fresh for me, which is awesome.  Tremendous service, great food, and great company all for $215per person, including taxes, and tip.  This made sound high to for some reading here, but believe me, not one person complained, as it was an amazing experience.  As a foodie, this was the best ever, so I give it my top rating of all time.  Giada knows how to do first class for sure, so go and enjoy yourself.
5	I'm a longtime fan of Giada De Laurentiis, falling in love with her on the Food Network way back in 2002.  She has such a charming personality and it's such a pleasure to watch her work her magic in the kitchen.  It was great news to me that Giada would open her very first restaurant at The Cromwell, a boutique resort on the Las Vegas Strip, a destination I visit every year.  It was difficult to get a dinner reservation for a party of ten even at a month in advance so I suggest you book as early as you can.  When we arrived for dinner, we took advantage of the complimentary photo booth in the waiting area.  We were already off to a super fun start! The restaurant is stunning and exudes a warmth that is comforting.  It's classy, but you feel encouraged to relax with a drink (or two).  I started off with Giada's signature cocktail, a delicious concoction that included egg whites and was marked with a G.  The bread basket was filled with home-made focaccia, lemon thyme flatbread and parmesan breadsticks.  We were presented with a dinner menu and a multi-course tasting menu that comprised portions of all her specialties.  Because the tasting menu was served family style, our group decided to order off the dinner menu.  I had the lobster ravioli and the lemon potatoes.  The lobster ravioli was excellent.  The pasta was perfect and the lobster was delicious and succulent.  I would order it every time.  For dessert, I had a latte and the cookie plate.  All three cookies were tasty, but the lemon ricotta was my very favorite.Our group had the best time and the service was beyond our expectations.  Our server brought each of us a bit of sparkling wine so that we could cheers to 20 years out of high school.  His gesture was so awesome and made our fabulous experience unforgettable.  Love Giada's!
4	I waited 2 months and finally my night to try Giada came! The restaurant is beautiful and decorated very classy!ProsThe orzo meatballsComplimentary breadSeafood Risotto ServiceConsSangria (tasted like cherry soda)Chocolate cake dessert (not worth it)It was $260 for 2 of us having dinner and we left stuffed!
5	Wonderful dinner experience! We tried to get a table in June, but everything was booked. Finally, we got luck 2 weeks ago. Food was sexy, perfect and delicious, fabulous service and presentation. Our server was from Bulgaria, and he was super professional and efficient. Nice and central location, beautiful decor. I want to try everything in the menu! Now, one of my fav restaurants to visit when I travel to LV. Loving the Giada's pisco sour style cocktail with Kappa Chilean pisco. Exquisito todo, bravo Giada!
3	"eat a little bit of everything and not a lot of anything" - Giada De LaurentisGiada did an excellent job; great location with stunning views of the Bellagio Fountains and the Strip, swanky ambiance, stylish decor, an overall inviting and comfortable dining experience. The effort was extended to the tiniest details of her quotes written on every lampshade hanging from the ceiling - everything was seriously top-notch. The best part of dining at Giada was her complimentary photo-booth; What a beautiful touch: a perfect way to make lasting memories. I give her team 5 stars for making the restaurant shine like her gorgeous brand. Regretfully, I wish the same could have been said for the food.The bread-service was decent; I enjoyed the parmesan crisps the most, the freshly baked rosemary bread was warm and fluffy - but extremely oily for my preference and the simple breadsticks weren't touched. The seasoning tray was a welcomed addition to our meal; we used all of the seasonings offered, since most of the dishes needed the extra kick. Yet, my favorite was the crispy fried capers - they were incredibly flavorful and texturally exciting.My boyfriend and I kept it sweet and simple and ordered three dishes - crostini, pasta and seafood... Surprisingly; the crostini was the highlight of the entire evening. We were concerned three small dishes wouldn't be enough food for both of us, but we were wrong! We ended up uncomfortably stuffed, so keep that in mind as you order.Unfortunately, these dishes weren't all memorable. There was only one dish that left us wanting more: - Crostini: Pea pesto with prosciutto san Daniele $14 was mouthwateringly delicious, perfectly seasoned, with bright flavor and texture. The pea pesto had a similar flavor profile and texture as smashed avocado and the prosciutto was the freshest. Flavor rating: 5/5The other two were only a notch above average. They were well executed, but lacked any real depth of flavor; I mildly tasted some sort of citrus ingredient and plain old salt in both dishes. However, the seasonings and flavor were mostly muted: - Seafood: Lobster Arancini with Calabrian chili pomodoro & basil aioli $18 was actually a highly recommended dish from our waitress, so we thought we had a winner. The rice balls were fried very well, light and crispy, however the promise and essence of lobster was nonexistent. The filling was mushy and lacking complexity and the pomodoro sauce was leaning more towards the watery side, lacking bold flavor. The best part of the dish was the bright, inviting flavor of the basil aioli, but there was a minuscule amount offered on the plate. Flavor rating: 2/5- Pasta: Risotto with lump crab meat and 2 scallops $30 were enjoyable, but we had some seasoning issues with the overall dish. We enjoyed the expertly cooked scallops and crab meat, both juicy and moist. Yet, while the risotto was under-seasoned, the scallops were aggressively seasoned. In retrospect, I understand now that I needed to eat a bite of risotto with a piece of scallop all together for "the perfect bite" however, I failed to do so; therefore the over/under seasoning caused a poor taste for the dish. Flavor rating: 3/5Although I had some issues with two of the dishes, I'm confident that there are more delicious hidden gems offered in her large menu and I would definitely return to Giada to give something else a try.
5	After a weeks' long stay in Las Vegas, the one meal that is most memorable is the one I had at Giada.  Even against the Michelin-rated restaurant we went to on our first night.  Maybe it's the familiarity of Italian food, the comfy coziness you come to expect from a really good pasta, or maybe it's Giada herself.  Either way, I loved this restaurant, the service, and most importantly, THE FOOD.We decided to go with the tasting menu - may or may not have something to do with the free autographed picture of Giada and recipe cards that come with it.  Whatever the case, I thought we made a pretty good choice.  It started with an antipasti platter.  This included small bites of a stuffed sweet pepper, tuna crostini, and a bacon wrapped date.  All of them were quite tasty, the tuna especially.Second course was the most heavenly and delicious lemon spaghetti with shrimp.  I seriously could have just stopped right here and been perfectly happy.  The pasta was homemade, which is a huge, huge plus.  Delicate lemon cream sauce and two large shrimp.  We were told it was a smaller portion of pasta, but it was plenty big if you ask me.  I hated giving most of it back as I knew if I finished it, I wouldn't be able to eat anything more.  Luckily, one of the recipe cards we received was for this dish, and my husband and I are so excited to make it at home.Third course was a seared salmon atop a bed of summer succotash in a light mustard sauce.  The salmon is cooked medium rare by default, which I know is the ideal temp for salmon.  However, the server was quite aware that not everyone in the world is okay with eating what appears to be something undercooked.  He informed me of this ahead of time, which I appreciated.  I asked for a medium salmon, and that is exactly what I got.  To me, it was PERFECT.  It wasn't over the top on seasonings, but somehow it was extremely flavorful.  Light, flaky and paired perfectly with the succotash and sauce.  Again, I had to send most of it back because I was getting too full at this point and I didn't want to miss out on dessert.My husband got the lamb, and he enjoyed it very much.  We also received this dish as a recipe card, so I'm sure we will be having lamb at our house in the near future.Accompanying the entrees were two family-style sides: smashed potatoes (glorious!) and a sweet corn wth chorizo.  I loved both of these.  They are the epitome of comfort food to me.  Another thing I could have just eaten all by itself and been perfectly happy.Last course was dessert.  They bring over an unwieldy, awkward cart filled with about 10 or so different things.  We were seated in a narrow space with tables on either side, so I have no idea how this cart ever made it over to us.  I was so full by this point that dessert didn't even sound good, but we split a peanut butter/raspberry jam tiramisu anyway.  It was surprisingly light and very satisying.  It was a small, single portion so if you're on the verge of unbuttoning your pants at the table, I think this item will be just enough dessert for you.We did get one of the chocolate cake things to go.  And then didn't proceed to eat it until the next night.  It didn't taste all that great, but that could've been cuz it sat in a plastic container for over 24 hours.I really had a great time at Giada and would 100% go back if we were locals and had the opportunity to do so.  I've already recommended this restaurant to several friends, and of course it is one of the highlights of my vacation recap.  To anyone trying to decide where to eat while visiting Las Vegas, all I can say is GIADA, GIADA, GIADA!  You won't be disappointed.
4	The atmosphere is great, good was delicious and the portions were minuscule. The orzo meatballs are really good. The scallop risotto is really great. The chocolate almond tart dessert was great. I had the Blue Velvet martini which was fantastic! I could have had 10 more. I do not recommend getting the rack of lamb (sooooo small) or the dates appetizer (too much date, not enough bacon) Overall it was good but extremely over priced (for two people the bill was $250)
5	Where do I start? Where do I start? The bacon wrapped dates may have changed my entire life, the cocktails are amazing, the risotto is perfection, the veal is a game changer, and the lemon ricotta cookies with coffee gelato is by far dessert perfection. Giada honey....honey...you rocked my world.
5	The signature "G " cocktail is a must. Lunch menu has a little for every appetite. Giada 's pizza is delicate while savory. The dreamy Carbonara Penne with Lemon was perfect to share. The must have Polenta Strawberry Waffles are creamy and bright; would make  a nice dessert. The attention to detail for the decor feels like  "I want to redecorate" my dining room. Don't forget to pick up a couple of autographed cookbooks for fans at home.
5	Whoa! Fantastic meal at Giada! We were seated with a perfect view to the Bellagio fountains. Don't regret not ordering the Orzo meatballs and the bacon wrapped dates. The vegetable Bolognese rigatoni, was a stand out. Whatever you do, do not let the dessert cart pass you by, even if you are stuffed. Grab some of those Lemon Ricotta cookies and enjoy the sweet, tart bliss. We saw Giada walking through the restaurant as we were leaving. She is mighty teeny and very adorable.
5	An escalator whisks you upwards to the reception desk.  It is a clue that your senses will be elevated too.   Occasionally, you will find food prepared with enormous attention, skill, and artistry.  You might even find a place to dine with an impressive atmosphere, staging, and dazzling view of the world around you.  To get all of these things which will make a meal an evening, you will likely find a leader who's inspired vision and love for the craft of dining is clear for all to see.  Giada de Laurentiis is that person.  Giada, Las Vegas is that place!
5	Even though I couldn't get a table they sat my party at a great bar spot. The food here is absolutely amazing. Every course was better than the previous one.  Risotto, tortellini, salad, wine and dessert - all wonderful. Don't pass up the coffee gelato or the almond chocolate ganache - ridiculous!
4	Food was as expected: memorable. The warm homey feeling of the decor is palpable and the design details, from the silverware  to the open spaces, are really taken care of. Bar service needs a heads up. I had a sitting space at the bar corner because the restaurant was booked, so the hostess offer me this option and I said it was ok. But I had to ask for menu, wine list, water, dessert menu, etc... Bar tenders were never rough, but they have to work on a better personalized experience. Max, who brought me the bread, was outstanding and very thorough in his speech. He certainly set the mood for the rest of my stay there. Overall experience was very good.
2	Five of us went to Giadas for lunch.  Reservation was available in a timely fashion and then things went wrong.   Our server was fair and answered questions quickly but as it turns out, I dont think she really knew what she was talking about.  I ordered a muffuletta, asked if it was served warm and told that it was not.  I requested that it be nuked a bit and after she checked with the kitchen she told me it couldn't because it was pre- prepared!!!   I persisted and ordered the sandwich, but was not able to eat it.   It was taken off my bill.   A friend ordered the tuna on focaccia and stated that it was dry.   Two friends ordered salads.  There was no bread offered on the table nor served with the salads.  We were not offered a dessert tray to view.   We asked to see the manager and expressed our opinions.   He was apologetic.    We are local so will offer our view to all our friends.   We were eager to experience the restaurant, but we're sadly disappointed.  It will be quite a while before we try this restaurant again
2	Came here for lunch with a group of six. We were excited to come in because of all the good reviews, but our experience was below average at best. FOOD: The pasta menu was limited for lunch, but the pasta was amazing as its reputation suggested. However, the other items were hit or miss. For instance, my smashed potatoes were burnt and bland, but the bread was soft and tasty.  SERVICE: Our waiter was inattentive. He didn't come around much to check on us, and our water glasses were often empty. We ordered alcoholic drinks, but they were brought out after the appetizers were served. This timing was disappointing.AMBIANCE: The highlight of the restaurant is the beautiful space. It's bright, elegant, and welcoming. OVERALL:  Although the food was fine, the service left us with an awkward experience that none of us would seek out again.
5	Really busy but we were able to sit in the bar and order from main menu. Next time I will book a reservation so I can sit by the window and watch the Bellagio fountain. The food was excellent! Great atmosphere as well.
5	I had such a wonderful experience here on my last trip to Vegas. The food was beyond amazing. I ordered the calamari to start with. And then had the T-bone steak. It was delicious! But aside from the food, I was very amazed by the staff. They were friendly, attentive, and inviting. The manager Avi Mishra made sure to come to each table an introduce himself. I enjoyed talking to him. He takes pride in his job. I will definitely be back to eat here whenever I'm in Vegas (which is ver often). Also, there's a photo booth in the entrance of the restaurant. It was great to take pictures there and they are free of charge. Keep up the great work !!
2	I am rating Giada 2 stars not because of the food (which I will cover in a bit), but because of the inattentive service provided by our server Nancy.  Here is the story.  We had reservations for 9pm (a party of 6) and waited just a few moments to be escorted to our table.  We were sat at a nice table adjacent to the window, and were initially greeted with a smile by Nancy.  She seemed very enthusiastic and eager to please. Upon taking our drink order, she proceeded to explain the menu and we were on our way.  About 30 minutes into our course servings, one of my guests spilled a drink by accident.  When we shared this with Nancy, she brought over a new drink.  However, she did not share much care to see if our guest was ok (some of the drink spilled onto him).  No offer of assistance whatsoever.  From that point forward, she seemed to be more annoyed with our table than supportive, and spent  the majority of her time serving smaller tables adjacent to ours.  When she did stop by, it felt more "matter of fact" vs. engaging from a customer service perspective.  Now the supporting wait staff was great, and they were very engaged throughout dinner.  Nancy, however, did not seem to have the same attentiveness I would expect at a restaurant like this, especially being our head server.  Understanding that the tip was preset at 18% for a party of 6 or more, I may have chose less based upon her lever of service.  I hope much of that went to the support staff.......I am not sure I would bring back a party like this again if I cannot get a higher level of service from start to finish.  I have spent a lifetime serving others in the food / beverage and retail industry, I expect better at a 5 star restaurant like this (and you should to).Now on to the food.Drinks - Very cool selection of specialty drinks that very tasty!Appetizers - Bread and salt / sauces were amazing!  You cannot miss with the Salumi e Formaggi platter (simply amazing!)Dinners - probably some of the most AMAZING food I have eaten!  The flavors were to die for, almost did not want desert to spoil the moment.Deserts - The desert cart had something for everyone.  Again, wonderful flavors!I would hope that management at Giada look into this to help improve the quality of service offered.  When you spend a small fortune on dinner and an experience, you expect more.  Giada fell short of our expectations this time around.Maybe they will get another shot at redemption down the road.
2	Went here for lunch while on vacation last week. Lunch reservations for Friday were all my husband and I could get. We tried two weeks in advance and the dinner reservations for a party of two were completely booked. Completely our fault for not calling earlier, was just disappointed since the lunch menu is a limited menu and I would have liked to have tried some of her fancier dishes.I am giving 2 stars because of the terrible wait (with a reservation), the crappy server, and the general lack luster of the food.I REALLY wanted to love this place. Our reservation was at 2pm and when we arrived they said they were a little behind and asked if we'd like to wait at the bar, so we did. The bartender was great! I ordered a white sangria and it was fabulous. Then it was all downhill from here.A server came to the bar with a returned drink, loudly complained about the guests at his table, and told the bartender to serve the drink that was returned to the next person who ordered it! I don't think the bartender did, but it was completely unprofessional on the part of the server. We were finally sat 45 minutes after our reservation, and guess who our server is, the same server with the returned drink situation, disappointing but wanted to give him a 2nd chance.The food was so-so. We ordered a little bit of everything and there was nothing that I feel is worth writing about, good or bad.The server was pretty awful. Lunch was over a 2.5 hour process, for appetizers, pizza and salad. Then he mischarged us on the final bill, to his detriment, which we pointed out. When he fixed the bill, he left the cash left by other customers in our check, which we also returned.As I said, I really wanted to love this place, but it needs some work. Love Giada, hope she gets it right.
4	Delicious California influenced Italian Cuisine, the food was good but it wasn't mind blowning. However, it's an experience and I would recommend trying Giada's. The restaurant is impressive and the space is beautiful definitely a nice place to check out even if you don't dine here.
4	After trying unsuccessfully to get dinner reservations anytime in the next few months.  I made plans to try Giada for lunch.  We arrived a little early and checked in with the hostess.  She said they were running behind on reservations.  The whole hostess area was crowded with people waiting so we decided to leave and walked around for a bit.  We were told they would call us when our table was ready.  We were a little worried about time.  My friend had to work later that day and I had seen reviews about being seated late and service and food being slow.  We decided to not wait for the call and just go back to the restaurant to wait.  To our surprise we were seated right at our reservation time.   I ordered the Birdie for my beverage, it is Giada's version of an Arnold Palmer, while it was good I wouldn't order it again.  Nothing special, esp for $9.  We started with the Chicken Marsala Meatballs and a Margherita Pizza.  For our entrees we had the Tuna Sandwich with Arugula  salad and Lobster Roll with Zucchini Scapecci.  Both sandwiches were excellent.  I think the Zucchini might be my favorite part of the meal.  I wasn't sure what to expect but it was delicious.  We finished the meal with Zeppoles, Assorted Cookie Platter, Mocha Mio and Cappugiro.  Everything was so light and refreshing we felt great after lunch.  Not tired or sluggish like you sometimes get after such a big meal.  I'm looking forward to coming back for dinner or their new breakfast.
4	Restaurant is amazing!. The view of the strip is incredible while you eat.   Request a window seat and go just before sunset.We had the tasting menu. The bill came to $350 for 2 people and one drink each. That includes tip.    The food was good but not $350 good.Service was incredible!.   The staff was very attentive and friendly.    Seating when we arrived was a bit slow and unorganized.   The hostess had to find the people waiting for a table.   That part  could have been smoother.Overall a good experience but the tasting menu was overpriced.
4	Everything about this place is beautiful.  The environment, the outfits, the atmosphere, the plating, and the scenery.Make a reservation for the window seats.Food was great, a bit pricy for portions (small for lunch) for what amounts to bulk made appetizers that are just plated fancy.  Pizza was great.
5	I am a huge Giada fan, so when I visited Las Vegas recently I had to stop by her restaurant.  I arrived right before 5 pm for dinner and was able to find a seat at the bar.  Within 30 minutes, the entire restaurant was packed. I tried the arugula salad and the salmon, which were both phenomenal.  Rob and Martin were the two bartenders taking care of everyone and they both did a great job making sure everyone was being taken care of even though they were getting multiple drink orders every minute.The next time I hope to see a dessert menu and try one of those.
4	Went for lunch.  Great location overlooking the strip. Service was great and friendly. Food was delicious.....light and fresh. A bit pricey, but I would definitely return and recommend.
5	Excellent!  We have eaten here twice this trip. Fresh, unique menu. Interesting drink menu also.
5	Delish!!!!!! Had the Branzino, Polenta, Corn& Spicy Sausage & the Barbarella drink. Sat at the bar-here on business. Beautiful restaurant, great ambience, delectable food & good-looking and attentive staff. Will be back! Also gluten-free friendly!!!!
2	If this review was about the food at Giada it would be a 5 star review, in fact I'd be petitioning Yelp to add a 6th star because the food is that good. However due to the absolutely abysmal service I received today at Lunch Giada is getting 2 stars. I hope my experience was an outlier & from what I've heard/seen that may be the truth but the service ruined what would have been an amazing meal for me & has probably made it so I won't return any time soon.As I said the food was amazing. Everything came quickly from the kitchen (other than the bread which was a little backed up), but everything was plated beautifully & tasted amazing. We started with the Orzo Meatballs & Prosciutto Dan Danielle to start. The meatballs had a great flavor profile & were cooked to perfection. The Prosciutto was a perfect balance of meat & ham & paired nicely with the warm bread & pesto. Our Entrees were the Venetian Panino & Lasagne, both were delicious & while the portions are a touch small I was happy with them. For dessert we had Zappole which were served with a chocolate sauce G & were a perfect end to the meal.& thus ends the glowing part of the review. Let's discuss the Service:I had a reservation that was made on Open Table, which was a great idea because even at 12:45 on a Wednesday there was a line to get seated. We checked in & were seated within minutes by a very friendly hostess, who informed us we were seated in Christopher H's section & that he would be by with menus in a moment.10 minutes later, we still haven't seen or heard from Christopher, the busboy notices that we've been seated for a while & brings us over some water, apologizes for the delay & goes & flags down our server.  About 3-5 minutes later he came over & dropped off the menus. He introduced himself & then went on for about 5 minutes explaining the menu in full detail. This would have been great however he was talking in a very hushed mumble & we could barely hear every 5th word he said over the noise in the room. He then said give us a minute to make our decision & he'd come back.Another 5 minutes after we had closed our menus & set them on the edge of the table he finally came over & took our order.  He hurried off & entered our order, the apps came out before the bread which is fine, the runner explained that the bread oven was a "little backed up because everything is made fresh" but it came about 2 minutes after our apps got delivered. No big deal, it was delicious when it arrived. The busby then came by & cleared our app plates & brought over some silverware for our main course. Our waiter came by moments before our entrees arrived & asked if we would like some more bread, to which I replied, "Yes the bread is great we'll take another". The entrees made their way to our table & they were great, the busboy came by & topped off our beverages, but our server is nowhere to be found. No "hey how's everything tasting" or "hey would you like some fresh cracked pepper" nothing. He is bending over backwards to cater to the 5 top a few tables away from us & the couple seated right next to us, but he never  comes over to our table. We finish our entrees & the busboy scoops up our plates.My aunt wants to check out the dessert menu, however our waiter is nowhere to be found so she gets up, walks over 2 sections & asks a different waiter for a dessert menu. We then place a dessert order with the busboy because we haven't seen our waiter in a good 20 minutes, even though he's been to the table directly next to us no less than 4 times.  Dessert is delivered & our waiter brings out plates & a fork for the dessert course after the food has arrived. I immediately ask for the check as the 90 minutes we've been there was longer than I planned & I need to duck out quickly for work.  He brings the check by & moseys off.I have worked in the industry, I've waited tables in the past & am a majority of the time a great tipper however the service I received at a White Table Cloth Celebrity Chef Spot was not worthy of my usual 20-25%. The bill was about $70, I paid $75, & our waiter took the check & went back to the wait station. I watched as his eyes got about as big as dish plates & he looks right at me & comes back with the bill to our table. He asks, "Did I take this too early". To which I reply, "No we're fine." He then says, "You do know that here at Giada Gratuity isn't included in the bill?" To which I say, "I know, there was nothing about your service that deserved more, maybe if you had actually acknowledged our existence you would have got a better tip."  He just shrugged his shoulders & walked off.On the way out the busboy once again apologized for the wait, but once again the server didn't say a word other than to complain about his tip. I really enjoyed the food & it's a beautiful room, but that service was so bad that I probably won't be returning anytime soon.
3	Well, here's the scoop:- We just walked in and had to wait 30 minutes for a table of 3. No reservation. - The food was delicious but the portions were slightly on the small side for the price.- the server we had was super slow and not very good.  Everyone besides him was just fine,- the atmosphere was very cool and the decor was nice. We thoroughly enjoyed that. - everything is a la carte. We each ordered a soft drink, a salad, two appetizers, each had an entree ($3), and had four of the small desserts they bring around on their dessert cart. Oh, and Sabrina ordered a coffee. I believe our bill was $240. A bit expensive for what it was. Ok, very expensive for what it was.- The length of time between our appetizers and entrees was way too long. We all agreed to that. I would probably only go back if money fell out of the sky and we had a different server.
5	This was our second time dining at Giada. We forgot to ask for a table by the window. The maitre d try to accommodate us and we got a table with a partial strip view. In fact my seat at the table had a direct view of the Eiffel Tower but looking across Flamingo. How much you enjoy restaurant depends on three major factors: ambience, service, and food quality.The ambience here can't be beat. You walk in through the bar. The bar is absolutely drop dead gorgeous. But you barely notice it because you're looking at a glass wall that opens onto the Las Vegas Boulevard strip. Glass wall is broken up by what looks like wood strips. It is a very classy design, wonderful to look through. The tables are spaced far enough apart that you don't feel crowded. The restaurant itself is fairly large.The service was excellent. Our server, Rocco, showed us to our table. He not only handed out the printed menus but also gave us an iPad with a list of the specialty beverages that included pictures of the beverages and the contents. The iPad also had most of the regular menu in it including pictures of the food that they would serve. Our bus boy, Brandon, next brought us a small basket of breads. The breads were very interesting. It included breadsticks, a flat bread that had spices embedded in it. It also included a freshly baked bread. One bread was better than the next. The big problem would be not to stuff ourselves with bread before we got to our meal. We shared 2 appetizers. We ordered the orzo meatballs and the pea pesto. To be honest, I wasn't a fan of either one. But I was a minority opinion. The others in my party loved each dish. For my main course I ordered the spaghetti with shrimp. The spaghetti was fresh and perfectly made. The shrimp were huge and very tasty. It was a citrusy sauce on it that was not overwhelming. The dish was simply fabulous. I gave tastes to everyone at the table and everyone thought it was a spectacular dish. One person ordered the branzino. This was a huge portion of fish that was prepared perfectly. I only had a small taste. However the woman who ordered it orders branzino in many restaurants and said that this is the best she's ever had in Las Vegas. I ordered a side of corn. It came in a small approximately 2 inch diameter bowl. Very very flavorful but a little bit spicy. For dessert we shared the Venus nipples. This was a dark chocolate center covered by white chocolate and a little pink dot on the top. The flavor - to die for. We also had the banana gelato. I've had gelato in many places and I can say that this was the best gelato I've ever had. This has become my favorite Italian restaurant in the world. I will be returning very soon.
3	3.5 stars.  I told myself I would write more reviews for this last foray to my favorite city, but writing a review for Giada is tough.  There are equal amounts of pluses and minuses in my mind....and the fact that Giada DeLaurentis is my fantasy woman (don't tell the wife) makes this review especially difficult, but here goes.You need to make reservations well ahead of time.  Right now, this restaurant seems to be the hottest thing around and even calling a month ahead only got us a 10:15 p.m. reservation. The Cromwell seems nicely redone.  Leaving our taxi, we walked through the casino to the escalator leading straight up to Giada.  It was bustling even at 10:00.  While we waited, we took advantage of her photo booth-a definite thumbs up!The restaurant, like the woman, is beautiful and so......tasteful.  Should we expect less?  Our table gave us a partial view of Caesar's and the Bellagio. Clientele were well dressed except for one party of 4 dudes in shorts, jerseys, and baseball caps worn backwards.  Giada opened her windows, letting in the cool fall air.  Good in theory, but a few things worked against the ambience.  First of all, the restaurant was a bit noisy considering the beautiful people dining....ahem.  On this night, sirens cut through the restaurant every few minutes.  (We found out later that a distubance had occurred downtown.)Our waiter seemed to know his stuff and had a wry demeanor I liked.  The problem was his timing was not in synch with ours.  For instance, he was ready to take our drink orders when we were still deciding between a red or a white to go along with our food.  When we decided, he was gone.  I know we could have used the iPad, but neither the wife nor I could get it to go where we wanted it.  In general, everything was a little slow....ordering, drinks, food, coffee, check.  We were always waiting......The food was perplexing.  Servings were small, but ingredients were quality.  Tastes were innovative, but not necessarily what I wanted.  For instance, I imagined the Crispy Oysters Rockefellers would be spinachy, cheesy, and bacony, with a rich sauce that I thought would be crisped up somehow.  (My vocabulary is growing!)  Now maybe I'm wrong, but although the oysters were fresh, they were cooked in what tasted like a mignonette sauce (wine vinegar).  I think the crispy part was the bacon.  So it was refreshing and different, but not what I was looking for.The same thing happened with her spaghetti with shrimp.  I wasn't expecting that much lemon so the first bite surprised me. The rich. cheesy pasta needs to be eaten hot. It grew on me as I ate and while you might think there isn't enough shrimp, they are quite large and cooked perfectly.I should have asked more questions about each dish.....at least then I wouldn't have been off balance so much.  I would give the food 4 stars, but service gets only 3 stars for all the waiting......I still love you, Giada.......
1	Space was nice, BUT: 1. We were seated 20 minutes after reservation time. 2. Waiter reprimanded his assistant, saying he embarrassed him where we could hear.  3. Waiter "pushed"food telling us things weren't very big portions. 4. Our water glasses weren't filled for most of the meal. 5. Side of asparagus didn't come out. 5b. When pointed out, asparagus came right out and was lukewarm. Likely sitting out the whole time. 6. An extra drink was on our bill.  7. Waiter kept constantly apologizing, very awkward. Food was mediocre at best and definitely not worth the horrible service. Will not return or spend my money on Giada products. I'd choose Walgreen's pre made sushi first.
4	We had an AWESOME meal here! I brought my Mom when she was visiting. She had seen a cover article on the restaurant in the Newspaper in Sonoma, CA (Kudos to Giada's PR Team!) I made reservations, and they set us up on an amazing window seat! She was thrilled!There were so many tasty options, we decided to go "family style" and I am so glad we did! Ordered a bunch of small plates and a couple entree. Everything was made with care and love! SO GOOD! Have noticed a few other reviews not happy with service. That was NOT our experience at all! And we were there prime time Friday night! From the moment we walked through the door, to the moment we were exciting every single staff person we came across was friendly, smiling and warm! Our waiter, Rocco, was incredible! He was so attentive, helpful and friendly! Now I am excited to try it for breakfast!My one tip - This place is one of the hottest dining rooms on the strip!Make reservations as much in advance as possible, prime time is filled quickly!
3	The restaurant has an amazing view. However, it is kind of difficult to get seated in the best spots as the restaurant waiting time and reservations are pretty long! Giadas offers a pre fix menu for $125 dollars which includes a few receipts and an autographed picture of her and unlimited desserts.  We ordered the lobster ravioli which was very good. The sauce on it was just delicious! The best part was the garlic bread which was soft and freshly baked. The desert is displayed on a cart and you can pick as many options as you want. The best ones were the lime cookies (I know they are only cookies but they are truly one of the best I have ever eaten). The tiramisu raspberry was very good and the cheese cake is pretty decent as well. Unfortunately, the service was not as good. I was truly expecting exceptional service coming from a well recognized chef. Overall, the food was decent but nothing unforgettable about it!
1	I rarely give a bad review, but due to the horrible food I am forced to dish this place. First off the service is great, but beyond that it was a dismal experience. The food lacks flavor, and tries to be original, but fails. We spent over $100 on appetizers alone. All of which were bland, simply, boring, and completely lackluster.  My husband spent $70 on a bone in steak that was over cooked and each bite took him five minutes to chew. I was going over the Heimlich maneuver in my head because I was convinced he was going to choke at every swallow.  After eating there I read the New York Times review, and it was totally right on. This place screamed Giada and every glance, but made her look like someone who is completely over her head when it comes to the restaurant industry. She needs to stick to what she knows and leave the business of serving food to the masses to the professionals. Clearly she isn't one.
5	Giada was absolutely heavenly. I went a few weeks back on a Saturday night. We had a reservation (made several months in advance by my friend, I believe). Normally, with a super early reservation, comes a lot of expectation which can't be matched. Not so the case here. Read on, friends....The decor here is very modern, comfortable and chic, all without being pretentious. The view is outstanding and we were lucky to have what felt like the best table in the house. We were sat in a half moon table which had us all looking out over the strip - incredible views of the bellagio fountains and the "eiffel tower". We were treated like royalty by our server, who was exactly the right level of friendly vs giving us enough space to enjoy our meal. I am English, so I'd never heard of this Giada lady who is some kind of TV/social media celeb, right? I still don't know, and I still don't really care. But what I do know is her food is to die for. And it's worth every penny. We went for a mix of antipasti, kind of tapas style. Of particular note - I loved: lobster arancini, the clams, the truffle pecorini cheese, the dates/bacon thing (forgot the name) and then the gorgonzola salad. We had other things to sample, but those were the ones that really stood out for me (although they were truly all absolutely delicious). This is hands down some of the best food I've eaten in the USA. Maybe in the world. As you can tell from this madwoman review, I really loved it. Ok, enough crazy. Review over. You should go, if you're headed to Vegas and looking for a special or celebratory meal. When you make your reservation, be sure to ask for a table with a view.
2	The food was very good. However, the service needs a LOT of help. We ordered a bottle of wine.  When our appetizers arrived and still no wine our waiter came and said he was sorry that our bottle was "86'd" as they were out of it. He said he would be back to see what else we wanted and NEVER came back. By then we had run out of water so we flagged down a different waiter to bring us water. Our food came and the waiter again never came to check on us.  In this town with this many excellent options I am surprised this restaurant can survive with this quality of service. I will never go back and will discourage others. Such a disappointment.
1	Went for an early lunch today.Lasagna $24: came with a petite side of arugula salad. Lasagna flavor was ok and a bit on the salty side. The pasta had a non existent texture. It was soft and mushy. Tasted like cafeteria food. Orzo meatball $14: flavor was so so but the texture of the meatball was like blended tofu. It was soft and mushy and the meatball didn't retain its shape after scooping it up into my plate. It just fell apart. It's hard to tell from the photo but the meatballs are bite sized (tapas portions). Each one was like a small cherry tomato.Tricolor salad $16:  over dressed. The veggies were soggie.  Extremely salty.  I couldn't make out the veggies because it has so much salad dressing. Free pizza bread: fantastic! Crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside.  The pesto olive oil was delicious.Service: slow. We sat down and waiting 15 minutes before getting water or a menu.  It was 10:45am and there were 5 other tables. Our waitress said she was in the back and didn't know we were seated there.My friend and I were highly disappointed in our meal.  The food didn't taste good. Everything had the same texture (soft and mushy), small portions for the price you pay, leans towards the salty side, and one dimensional.  I would not recommend this place.  Sorry :(
4	First, if you are looking for the restaurant with the best view, this is it, in my opinion.  I liked the view better than all the other rooftop restaurants.  The sweeping views, from just a few floors up, overlooking Bellagio and Caesars were just fabulous.Regarding food and service, I would say very good, but not excellent.  Not quite worth the hype, and not really worth the money to me.  I am not sure I would return for dinnner, instead I think I might choose breakfast, where I get the same views.All the appetizers were wonderful, however I found my chicken to be just a touch to the dry side.  Dessert was also quite good.Do I think the restaurant is worth trying, absolutely, but to have such a huge demand on reservations, and have them so hard to get, I simply don't think the restaurant lives up to all hype.
1	Giada, you need to work on service and timing at your restaurant. Lunch yesterday was a disappointment due to these issues. Even great food will not be enough to bring back diners. Also, the gals at the hostess station gave off a very unfriendly vibe.
4	My husband and I enjoyed lunch at Giada on Saturday during our stay at The Cromwell. We would have preferred to eat dinner there, but lunch was our only option because we decided to go to Vegas as a last minute getaway. Even with a lunch reservation, we had to wait over 20 minutes for a table. Service was good, but there is room for improvement. Delicious bread was brought to our table, but we had to wait five minutes for bread plates. We witnessed this same thing happen to another table, but they had ordered several pizzas to share and had to sit there staring at the pizzas until someone brought them plates over five minutes later. This should be an easy fix for Giada. Also, my husband ordered sparkling water and was not given a different glass, so when a different server automatically refilled his water glass with flat water, our server scolded the water person. It was a little awkward, and to fix this, they need to bring a different glass if someone orders sparkling water. The restaurant is open and lovely. You notice instantly that they have put great thought into the details of the restaurant. Unfortunately, out table was right next to the server station, so nearly each time a server left this area, I would get bumped in my seat. With so much thought put into every aspect of the restaurant, I am surprised that they have squeezed a table into this area. Hopefully, they will remove this table so diners can enjoy a relaxing dining experience without the irritation of having servers brush up against you or knock into your chair. The lunch menu seemed quite limited, offering only one pasta dish, and no meatless pasta option. I really wanted to order pasta, but since this was not an option, we ordered the olives, burrata, the kale mushroom and gorgonzola pizza, the romaine salad, and the lobster roll. Everything was fabulous, but it all had a lot of olive oil. The specialty coffee drinks and desserts sounded amazing, but we were pretty full and the restaurant had gotten pretty hot in the direct sunlight, so we decided against it. Next time we are in Vegas, I will make reservations for dinner far in advance, so we can try a pasta dish and definitely enjoy dessert and coffee. I do not think we would go back for lunch, but I look forward to trying dinner at Giada.
5	We visited Giada for a friend's birthday recently and had an excellent experience. Between the four of us, we tried every cocktail on the menu and all were superb. The Destroyer and Hannibal were my personal faves. They packed a great punch and had unique presentation. In an effort to try as much on the menu as possible, we ordered a few things and shared between the table. The vitello tionnato crostini and orzo meatballs were a highlight for me and the tortellini was the best pasta I have ever had. The pea and pancetta filling was bright and crispy. The individual items are small to medium in portion size and the prices are a little high, but it's well worth it. Bar and wait staff were top notch and the view of the Bellagio is to die for.
5	To be fair, Giada would have had to have been a disaster for me to give it anything less than 5 stars.  I have been a fan for over 10 years.  I have made so many of her dishes that I've lost count.  My expectations for the evening were high and I wasn't disappointed.  The restaurant itself was beautiful.  I went with my husband, brother and sister in law.  I actually noticed, as I was describing everything to them that I sounded like a stalker, but whatever.  I recognized the artwork immediately because Todd's friend, the artist, was featured on an episode a few years ago.  I explained to "my guests" who he was and why he was special.  I was very excited that Giada hand makes all of their pasta.  It was delicious.  The prep kitchen's were all open to the bar, it was nice because it made you kind of feel like you were standing in the kitchen, it also reinforced the whole family style atmosphere that they try and create.  I was very proud to explain the menu to my guests.  They had no idea who Raffi was so I was delighted to not only explain her relationship to Giada, but also that she has the most darling personality that you can imagine.  We got the antipasti plate.  It was good, honestly I would request it next time without the stuffed peppers.  They were boring and not that great.  The eggplant dip was good the crustini with tuna was awesome, the dates were good and the other crustini they put on the plate, I think it had a pea puree on the bottom wasn't bad (not my favorite either)  We also got the Burrata, (it was terrific, but could use the addition of a few crustini to accompany it). The bread basket and accompanying dipping sauces were absolutely amazing.  My brother and sister in law ordered the vegetable bolagnase and the veal chop, they loved them both.  Greg and I ordered the chicken cacciatori and the boccatini pasta, the pasta was a little dry, but the flavor was really good, the chicken was terrific.  Lastly, the evening wouldn't have been nearly as special if it weren't for our waiter.  He was italian from Milan and I can't remember his name, but I will try and request him the next time I go.  He was awesome, the service was top notch and he went out of his way to make sure that we had a wonderful experience.I can't wait to bring my daughters back.  They will absolutely love the restaurant.
4	After a 2 month wait for a reservation we made it to giadas. Note: trying to get this reservation was not an easy task to begin with. Both my friend and myself called separately and spoke to someone extremely rude at their front desk. Like we owed them something just wanting to come there. In the end I called again and was connected to ceasars reservation line and a terrifically kind person helped. Enough about that. We arrived a bit late due to LV traffic Friday at 545 pm. They were very welcoming and seated us immediately at the best table in the house!  What a view!  All things the strip!!! Windows are open in the restaurant. Great atmosphere except a bit loud from street traffic, and the ambulances. But I still loved that part anyway. Four of us went.  We actually didn't order food for at least 1.25 hours later (we were talking so much it too us that long) and the waiter came over a lot but he wasn't pushing us at all. Ordered wine off a menu but they didn't have it any longer!  Shouldn't be on their then and the Somali (unsure of spelling) wasn't great at offering suggestions and made excuses why they only ordered one case of it to begin with. They found something else and she offered nothing to make up for it but the group did like my husband's choice. We finally ordered numerous appetizers. Pizzette (not great at all): some kind of three bean salad (excellent except Baruta cheese had odd flavor): Parmesan cheese (definitely not my favorite but never is): and dates in bacon (loved it and would order that again); the bread they give you came after we ordered those things and I think it should have been brought out when we first arrived but apparently they don't do that and we didn't ask). Frankly I didn't care I loved the tabke so much I could have just sat there not eating at all.  Then we ordered dinner and basically shared.  A lemon spaghetti with chicken (my friend who ordered it didn't love it, originally she was going to order an italian fish and probably should have gotten it): I ordered a tortellini dish with peas, a yellow sauce and pancetta (which we ordered on the side for all things kosher), very good, a whole chicken with a delicious catchatori sauce on the side ...very yummy chicken was perfect, and their lamb excellent.  Service was good and all staff seemed so happy there (but could have been better by the wine lady and even the waiter but he was ok too.  Dessert then was offered at 6$ for each taking and we did,  cookies (choclate chip, a peanut butter and jelly and  lemon iced cookie); a chocolate Grenache (small and rich); something called nipples (my husband had to have that..chocolate inside, with white chocolate on outside 3 small ones); and something the waiter loved kind of like a small cookie with strawberries in top and they called a tomato something or other (not great).  In fact all the desserts were beautiful but in all honesty not fantastic by any means. I forgot to mention the men also ordered cocktails which were recipes of giadas grandfather and they liked those. At one point the manager came over to say hello. He didn't introduce himself and he didn't come with 3 feet of the table. It was weird and unimpressive but wanted to know if we liked the place and quickly scurried away. Anyway the meal was fun and interesting. Dinner ran close to $550 with tip. It was very expensive I thought but for me personally that view was worth the whole thing. Id tell people to go try it for themselves. I really wanted to try it but don't need to return unless it's for lunch with girlfriends for a fun and good atmosphere. You can go there we found without reservation and sit in bar first come first serve. The restaurant was full and maybe we got that table as we asked for a view ahead and are locals. Who knows but if I sat somewhere else I don't know if I would have enjoyed it as much though the entire decor is really nice but we weren't facing the restaurant..the strip the fountains ceasars, flamingo road, fabulous!
3	We had been wanting to try Giada during our spring and summer trips to Vegas. This fall, we noticed that the restaurant had just begun serving breakfast. Seemed like a perfect opportunity.The entrance is inside the Cromwell casino, and up a large staircase adorned with Italian film posters. At the top, we were met by the hostess, who was extremely attractive in a stylish white dress, but a bit cold and humorless. My wife tried to banter on the way to the table, and was met with silence.The room is lovely. It is bright with very clean design. We were given a window table with a marvelous view of the Vegas Strip. I was facing the Bally's sign with a news, sports, and stock market crawl. No need for a morning newspaper.Upon being seated, we immediately caught a very strong smell of smoke. It was strong enough to create concern that we were going to leave with our clothes reeking. My wife asked our French waiter if he smelled the smoke. He responded, "Of course. That is the wood-fired stove". He gave us a look as though he thought we were stupid.Coffee was delicious. Even in the morning, it seemed that each cup was individually french pressed.The breakfast menu contains a lot of non-conventional breakfast fare, although they do offer an "American Breakfast", featuring eggs and your choice of bacon or sweet Italian sausage meatballs. One of Giada's signature features is a large antipasto bar. This is open for breakfast. We were offered seats there, but opted for the window table.My wife ordered a Caprese Frittata. It is made with 3 eggs, buffala mozzarella, heirloom tomato and basil. For an extra $5, you can add prosciutto.I had Italian Hash, made with potatoes, Nueske bacon, salami, peppers, tomato, and onion. It comes with sunny side up eggs. I asked for poached.All of the food was outstanding - fresh and delicious.I also ordered juice. They have an interesting selection, ranging from a green concoction to one with pineapple, apple, and lemon. I opted for pink grapefruit with crushed mint. Delicious, and well worth the $9 price tag (for me, at least). Breakfast was accompanied by crunchy Italian toast and a trio of spreads. I used the Nutella.The tab for 2 came to about $60. If you are staying at any of the many Caesars properties in the vicinity, you can charge to your room.So, in summary, the food was all outstanding. The room was bright and attractive. The help was very efficient but kind of snooty. If you go in the morning when the wood-burning stove is fired up, expect to smell like a fire-fighter when you leave.
4	NO TV SHOW !! here just the real deal you all must read this befor going first of all if you think you're just going to walk in to the restaurant and get a table you're joking you must make reservations. So for those of you are complaining about waiting make reservations next time. I also read the reviews on service I could tell you service was excellent staff was knowledgeable and friendly. Also for those of you are complaining about price you should check the menu online before visiting. So let me get into the food yes you're not going to get your traditional Italian pasta plates with a ton of raviolis in red sauce here this is a gourmet light new mix on Italian dishes it  was excellent I would definitely be back again. Oh and the desserts are great you need to try the nipples yes the Venus nipples if you love chocolate those are my favorite. And one more thing my favorite cocktail is the destroyer yes the destroyer definitely try that .
3	Let us not fool ourselves into believing that Ms. Giada is standing in the kitchen , behind a 12 burner stove sweating in 100 degree heat with the rest of her kitchen staff. Expaditing all of our plates to us after a thorough critique.  I visit Vegas 4-5 times per year and I was looking forward to staying at CET newest property the Cromwell, though that did not work out as planned I had higher hopes for my Giada birthday dinner.   I had made the reservation for 10 people 1 month before, and found out the day of that there were 5 other friends that would like to attend, I was staying in the hotel so I thought speaking to them face to face would be easier. I spoke to the adorable hostess and asked her if it was possible to add on 5 more to my reservation for that evening at 9pm, she looked went and retrieved an equally adorable girl who promptly looked at me and said "you have no reservation for this evening"  I said I most certainly do I confirmed it last week.. while looking straight down , and in a monotone voice said  I'm sorry you do not.     What can we do to fix this problem I asked trying to stay as calm as possible. You can arrive early tonight and perhaps we will have something for you, bit a party of 15 at such a short notice is very difficult.      Tell me you are kidding it is not short notice your restaurant lost my reservation for my birthday, "we do not lose reservations she insisted"         I turned ,went down the escalator and called Wolfgang Pucks at MGM  who after a total of 30 seconds said. We would love to have you and your guests here. Great good, personal service, in an open atmosphere well clear of all of the CET management issues at the Cromwell.     For those of you wondering why I gave it three stars after all of this inconvenience and frustration, I had the lemon spaghetti and a  bag of donuts the day before .
2	I've watched Giada in her low-cut V-neck shirts on Food Network since Day 1. (So did all of my guy friends, but I think they were watching the low-cut V-neck shirts.) I was hoping for a great meal, but this place is one of the most disappointing ones I've had on the strip.We weren't very hungry, so we kept the food small. We both had a different cocktail, both of which were tasty and strong. Standard Vegas-priced for $15 each. Artichoke soup for $12. The soup was lukewarm and had a mealy- not creamy- consistency to it. Neither of us finished the soup. I felt disappointed.I got the Tricolore salad ($17), which I didn't finish. Sounded delicious with pancetta, dates, kale, and a mess of other things... it just didn't taste good at all. I can't even put a finger on why it was not good, but this fatty did not finish this meal.My friend got the spaghetti with prawns ($32, I think). That actually looked tasty, and I think other reviewers recommended it as well. Atmosphere is quite nice here with subtle lighting, and the restaurant is broken up into a cocktail lounge area, bar, and actual dining area. For some reason they had the windows open when it was 60 degrees outside at night, so it was incredibly cold in there.
2	My wife and I live in vegas, so we've been to a lot of the restaurants around here, and we wanted to see what the hype about this place was. We both like Giada, and we walked in expecting a homey feel and huge portions of pasta like her television show conveys. It was a bit of a let down overall. All of the hostesses were nice and personable, but it was surprising to see them in the shortest dresses I've seen in a decent resturaunt. We actually saw one couple leave because the wife caught her husband staring one too many times :) We didn't have a reservation so we sat in the lounge area, which was nice but it again just conveyed a typical vegas restauraunt. As for the food, it was good but overpriced, and certainly not very italian. The oysters Rockefeller were $18 for four small bites, and the spaghetti was $34 for a child's portion of dry spaghetti with very little sauce. All in all, if you like Giada look up her recipes, make them at home, and invite your family over for a Giada experience and go to Casa di Amore for good italian food.
2	3 stars for taste, 0 for quantity, 4 for the ambiance (we were lucky enough to get a table overlooking the Bellagio), 1.5 for service.The food really was just OK, not terrible, but not great either.   However, the portions were horribly tiny at very high prices.  The wait person told us that Giada intended for the portions to be shared.  REALLY?  That would be very difficult to do with the amount of food in each order.  The restaurant was nicely appointed, but there were a few too many reminders of who the owner is  - "Giada" stamped on the napkins and placements, pictures of her through-out copies of her cookbook strategically placed, a picture frame with her name in it, etc.  Kinda reminded me of Oprah and her magazine, if you know what I mean.Our waiter was friendly, polite and informative, but the meal was not well paced at all.  This could have been because the restaurant was thinning out (our reservation was for 10pm) and he didn't NEED to get us moving.  He initially warned us that we were not ordering a lot of food but we were OK with it because of the late hour.  It was still less than we expected.I don't know what Giada's claim to fame is, other than her last name.  Is she a chef or a TV personality?  I'll stick with the latter.
4	We were there on a perfect night to dine with the open windows and awesome strip view!  The food and service at Giada's is outstanding.  The prices are outrageous  though.  I got lobster ravioli for $38.  They were delicious but the size of a typical appetizer.
1	We visited Giada's on 18 Oct, having made a reservation weeks before hand.  When we arrived, we were told that some guests were 'just not leaving' therefore it would be a few minutes before we would be seated.  Forty-five minutes of sitting in the bar on very low uncomfortable seats we were escorted to our table, in the bar, next to the kitchen door.  It was a high table with uncomfortable seats.  Then, we were ignored for twenty minutes, finally grabbed a waiter and asked for the manager.  Ten minutes later, a manager arrived.  We relayed our experiences and his reaction was reminiscent of Capt Louis Renault in Casablanca. He was 'shocked' at our experience.  Within a few minutes, water and menus arrived. After placing out orders, the manager returned to offer us a glass of champagne, I'm sure it was Chateau Thames Embankment.When the food arrived it looked interesting.  The interest waned as we tasted our food. All four entrees was dismal, and luke warm.  We discussed sending it back as we were fed up, instead requested our check.  No questions were asked as to why every dish was barely touched. The check arrived with no adjustment.  The check 'folder' had a device attached, presumably for leaving feedback. It was disabled.Needless to say, we will never return and will tell our tale every possible chance.We had far better food at the Wicked Spoon, also at The Cosmopolitian.
1	Well we came here for my 51st birthday it is special to me for many reasons , I love Giada to bad we came for lunch I think we made a mistake the menu wasn't what we expected I certainly hope dinner is a whole lot better at these prices for average tapas and awful breakfast ... Good luck Giada I think if someone asks for the dinner menu the waiter shouldn't say nice try!!!!
5	Amazing service and amazing food!  I really  wasn't expecting such great food from a celebrity restaurant.  The meat and cheese plate was so delicious, the risotto scallops and crispy polenta were all so wonderful.  Our server, Nancie, was the best service in Las Vegas!  Thank you for a great night!
4	10 Steps to a Nice Date on the Strip...Step #1:  Make a reservation to Giada De Laurentiis' new restaurant, GIADA.  GIADA is new and reservations are a must.  My suggestion, request a table with a view. Step #2:  Review the menu online.  You can also read the good, okay and bad reviews on Yelp.  GIADA's menu includes Italian dishes, with Giada's personal touches to them.  Menu consists of antipastas, soups, salads, pastas like Spah-geh-tee, ree-gah-TOH-neh, ree-ZOHT-oh, & Rah-VEEOH-lee, and main dishes like rib-eyes, salmon, chicken, rack of lamb, veal, and steak.  And let's not forget the sides...asparagus, potatoes, sweet corn, etc.Step #3:  Arrive for your reservation.  GIADA is located in the Cromwell and their entrance is on Flamingo just east of Las Vegas Blvd.  I suggest valet at the Cromwell.  For those of you that wish to take a stroll through the Linq or walk off dinner, then park at the Ling.  Step #4:  Check in and wait in their lobby's comfortable seating.  The lobby also sports a photo booth where you can take instant pictures.  These pictures can be printed on the spot (we didn't print our since the printer was busted), uploaded on Twitter, and/or uploaded to The Facebook.Step #5:  Your hostess will take you to your table.  You server will arrive shortly for your drink order and of course, drop off some carbs (i.e. breads and spreads) and some of their $8 water.   You smell that?  Yup, it's fresh Las Vegas Strip air.  The restaurant has retractable windows (opened when we dined) and a good view of the strip.Step #6:  Check out the menu one last time and make your decision.  For me, it was the Orzo Meatballs and Risotto (crab & scallops).  My beautiful date had the Spaghetti and Lobster Arancini.  Step #7:  Enjoy the view.  That means phones down, no Yelping, no texting, and no Facebook.  My gf had a pretty good view of Caesar's and the Bellagio Fountains.  My view was the gf.  My thoughts....I had the best view. Step #8:  Food arrives and it's time to eat.  Okay, bring the phones back out for some pictures if you do that kinda thing.  To be frank, our food pictures are really unnecessary since almost every food photo is already posted on Yelp.  Just remember, there's only one original fork pic.  As for our meal, I loved mine and my gf's.  Yes, we tend to sample each other's dishes because that's what Yelpers do.  Everything tasted good, presentation was as good as it gets, and the portions were just right (enough that kept your satisfied, not too much that your belly couldn't afford dessert). Step #9:  Decide or have one of their Italian doughnuts, cookies, Tiramisu, gelato, or sorbets for dessert. We passed since we already had dessert lined up elsewhereStep #10:  Repeat.  I look forward to trying their lunch next time. PS:  I have to mention the overall service at Giada.  5 Stars for the service here.  Our hostess and servers were great.  The Manager made multiple stops at our table to check on us and on the way out, he went out of his way to thank us for dining here.  Kudos, Giada!  So far, I'm a fan.
3	Absolutely lovely looking restaurant. The anticipation was higher than the delivery. I has the signature pasta did which was spaghetti with shrimp. I found the shrimp had no taste and the pasta was dry. Loved the pizzoli that was tasty. The server was very pleasant but the wait between courses was too slow. I had the Tiramasu for desert which was tasty.the other deserts looked nice but missed. I think Giada needs more attention to the menu. Glad I went but no need to go back.
5	What can you say. It is incredible !! And very unique twist in Italian food.evrtything is in smaller portions so you can try many different things.
2	We have eaten there twice and probably will not go back again. The food is just not up to the price you pay to eat at the restaurant. The mushroom appetizer was just okay. The salads were okay.  Nevertheless , we both shared a pizza that should've been on the desert list it was so sweet. The Ricota cheese on the pizza made it way too rich
5	My husband and I are huge fans of Giada.  We enjoy watching her on the Food Network and the Today show. So we were excited to dine at her first restaurant. Reservations were made ahead of time (about 2 months) as they have been busy since opening. The restaurant had a great open feel with views of the Bellagio fountain. We took advantage of the Tasting Menu (which is available on selected nights).  You also receive a signed photograph of Giada and recipes to take home. The tasting menu took us back to our first meal when we visited Italy. Included Antipasti, pasta, entree, and dessert. My favorites: bacon wrap dates, crostini topped with cured ahi, lemon spaghetti with shrimp and their chocolate tart with graham crust topped with Almond brittle.  Pasta is made fresh and cooked al dente- just the way I like my pasta. Salmon was also wild caught and flown from Washington the day before. So fresh!  The service was fantastic!  Kevin our host was very knowledgeable about the menu and drinks. Always came back to check on us especially after each dish was served. This is what will always have me coming back to dine. Although the tasting menu was pricey, it was well worth it.  It gave us a sampling of Giada's favorite dishes, and the Service exceeded our expectations. This is a must if you are in Vegas. They are now open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Bon appetito!
2	Beautiful place.  Great service.  But the food was quite disappointing.  I've always been impressed by the celebrity's TV cooking, but this food was very ordinary and very expensive.Veal chop and calamari were breaded and fried and tasted like you could get in most any diner.  The roasted asparagus was overly roasted-tasting with a funny after taste.The whole chicken was presented then taken back to the kitchen to be cut up and the tomato/vegetable accompaniment put into a serving bowl.  That was probably the best tasting dish.Lobster ravioli was good as was the Salumi appetizer - but for the price, none of this food met expectations.Like another reviewer, the sparkling or still water options leave me feeling upsold.
1	Service is horrible, waitresses have an attitude and it took about an hour to get a pizza and a waffle.
3	Just OK. Waited two months for the reservation so perhaps my expectations were high. The food is tasty but my appetizer and main were served cold. The lobster ravioli was a little overdone but the sauce was delicious.  Overpriced for the portion size. Great service. Ambiance was perfect.
2	Orzo meatballs are good. Had the spaghetti with lemon and shrimp, delicious. My husband ordered the pasta fagoli. We both didn't care for it. He had the vegetable rigatoni, I liked it but he didn't. We didnt care for the olive oil bread. Overall it was good but not worth the high prices. We won't be returning.
2	We had the most unpleasant experience here.  We were sat 15 minutes past our reservation time and were unable to get a window view as requested.  Not terribly disappointing since we were really there for the food, not the views.  I was looking forward to the grilled cheese and disappointed when they informed me they were out.  Long story short, our experience consisted of a lot of waiting...waiting for our table, waiting for our order to be taken, waiting for our drinks, and waiting for our food.  My husband was served his food at least 20 minutes before me.  He politely tried to wait for me as long as he could and ate slow, but his food ended up cold.  The food in general was okay and a little bland.  I would expect more considering the prices.  They were kind enough to discount my meal for the wait, but it will be long before we ever return. I hope I'm not discounting them on a bad day since I heard the table next to us call someone over for water and menus after they had been sitting at their table for 10 minutes without anyone going over.   Drinks were excellent and bar service was great while we waited for our table, which is why I gave it two stars instead of one.
4	After securing a reservation two months in advance, our party of six arrived for a Birthday celebration dinner this past Friday night.  This restaurant is beautiful.  The decor is light and upscale, but also feels comfortable.  I liked the waiting area (though it is a bit small) and especially appreciated the complementary photo booth - what a unique experience.  We were seated for our 9:30PM reservations right around 9:30.  Though we didn't get a seat right by the window, we could see the skyline pretty well.  There really isn't a BAD seat in the restaurant.Our waiter, Rocco was nice.  He was very classy and offered us suggestions on what to order.  I did at some points though out the meal feel out of my league in this "fancy" restaurant, but overall I felt welcomed.  The prices here are pretty high, but in line with other "nice" restaurants in Vegas.  I found the portions to be pretty decent... some smaller than others, but overall adequate.  Drink prices were very steep, as expected for a posh Vegas hot spot.The Hubs and I decided to share a few things.  We had the bacon wrapped, sausage stuffed dates.  Yum.  Soft, sweet, spicy, these gems had it all.  Highly recommend.  For our entrees we got the lemon spaghetti and the veal chop.  The lemon spaghetti, though everyone RAVES about it, was a bit underwhelming.  The shrimp it comes with are HUGE.  I think I would have preferred a few smaller, regular sized shrimp.  The dish was lacking something... maybe some pepper or parm topping... not sure, but it was just ok.  The veal on the other hand was amazing.  It was huge and melted in your mouth.  So good... I would for sure get this dish again.  For dessert, even though we were stuffed, we shared three cookies, lemon, peanut butter chocolate, and chocolate chip.  The lemon was amazing as was the peanut butter.  The chocolate chip one was just ok... I'd say get two lemon next time.The entire party walked away happy with their meal and experience.  I'd go back again in a heartbeat and try out some of the other pastas and appetizers.  Based on the long wait for reservations and how packed the place was I'd say Giada has hit it out of the park for her first restaurant.
3	I can honestly say, this was a bit of a disappointment for me. I am a fan of Giada's and I was really expecting a higher caliber experience but it was not. My husband and I were in town for a couple of days for a relay race. Before we headed back we wanted to have a nice brunch somewhere. I had no idea Giada had a restaurant in Las Vegas so I was super psyched about coming here. We made a reservation the night before for noon and we got there right on time. They took about 20 minutes to seat us. The hostesses were not too friendly, but whatever. We were seated and our waitress came by to greet us and leave the menu's. It took her almost 20 minutes to come back and ask us what we wanted to drink. By that time we already knew what we wanted to eat and told her because we didn't want to wait another 20 minutes just to order our meals. That was an immediate bad first impression. The drinks were good, I ordered a Bellini my husband a Mimosa. I ordered the Breakfast Contadina that had polenta cakes. They didn't have much flavor. The eggs, well they're eggs. The spinach was good. IBut overall the meal was not to the caliber I was expecting it to be. My husband ordered the Italian Hash. He also thought his meal was just "ok". Maybe the lunch and dinner selections are better. I will never know because I'm not ever coming back here. They just took way too long and the food was just ok. Pretty sad considering Giada is such a hit on the Food Network.
4	My parents moved to the United States from Rome in 1985, so I was very much looking forward to eating at Giada's new restaurant in Las Vegas. I enjoyed everything I ate; however, there were several textural issues, and salt issues with my plates. I began my lunch with the Burrata appetizer. Burrata (from burro, the Italian word for butter) is an extremely creamy cheese that can be pulled apart with a fork, and is often spread on bread. The Burrata was excellent, drizzled with olive oil, and served with a line of salt on the plate. Unfortunately, Giada's house bread is akin to pita bread, it consists of their pizza dough undercooked, and is served with a small ramekin of pesto, which was almost inedibly salty. Burrata really needs to be spread on hearty, crunchy bread otherwise every bite is devoid of any texture but mushiness. My second appetizer consisted of baby peppers stuffed with goat cheese. They were delicious; sweet, and creamy. For my entree I had the infamous $35 lobster roll. Again, this plate suffered from salt, and textural issues. The lobster roll consisted of one thick piece of Italian bread with a heaping pile of the lobster-centric filling on top. I tasted NO salt in the filling; however, that's an easy fix as you can always add salt. After the addition of some salt it was delicious. The filling was mostly large lumps of succulent lobster with capers, and celery bits; it was absolutely delicious. Unfortunately, the dish was not a roll, it had to be eaten with utensils, and would not even qualify as an open faced sandwich as there was significantly more filling than bread. The real problem though was that the Italian bread bottom was soggy because in a matter of seconds it had absorbed the moisture from the lobster filling. Once agin during my meal I was taking spongy bites; this time of soggy bread, and lobster filling. In conclusion, the issues I had were minor. However, with NO alcohol my lunch cost around $80 with tip. For this amount of money I do not think that crisp bread is too much to ask for. I would definitely return again for lunch though.
5	There are some places you go to have a meal, some places for the views and some for an experience. Giada's falls nothing short of a dinning experience that's can satisfy anyone's love of food, experience, comfort as well as exquisite dishes. First the staff from the hostess straight through to the waiter, their professionalism, menu knowledge, social interactions were comforting, informing as well part if the experience. The drinks, Barbarello, cool and refreshing without over powering of any one flavor. The flatbread wild mushroom, perfect temperature, and flavors that made you mouth water for the next bite. The kale salad was refreshing, never think a salad could do that but it did. Overall an amazing meal, service, experience and keeps you wanting to get back there for more. Highly recommend!
5	We arrived about 20 minutes before our reservation, and I was told I would be called when the table was ready.  For our reservation we were sat right on time with the requested window table.Menus were delivered to the table right away, and drinks were taken after we had a minute to view the menu.  Our server, Nancie, was right on time with everything.  From the timing of appetizers to wine and bread, all was perfect.  She was completely fine with us taking our time between courses, even when we had the best seat in the house overlooking the fountains.  My wife and I had a couple different orders of crustini (both which were great), oysters, and finished with Spaghetti and Ravioli.  When we placed our order for the pasta, we asked Nancie if she could put that order in after we had a bit to enjoy the view and our cocktails, and she was great to do so.  I also asked her for a nice full bodied glass of wine that she would recommend, not wanting to review the menu again, and she was quick with exactly what i was looking for.  Our pasta and sides (sweet corn and potatoes) were perfect and the experience was great,  Ended dinner with one of the best cups of  double espresso i have ever had.  This place was top notch with service, food quality and expectation.  Nothing missed on taste, presentation, and timing.
4	We had a table with a view which I would say makes the experience just that much more memorable!  We started with the Olives, the roasted mushrooms and the Orozo Meatballs. All very tasty, but by far the mushrooms are a must if you enjoy mushrooms. The Meatballs were good, but a little lacking in flavor which seems to be the consensus with other reviews. Nothing a pinch of salt won't fix, better not enough salt then to much!  The sauce from the meats balls in the other hand we all wanted to eat with the bread and everything else!    I orders the Hannibal as a cocktail which was way to much ice not enough Hannibal, but the taste was good. Not my favorite , but still tasty and great with my meal.  We had the risotto with scallops , the spaghetti signature dish, salmon (which believe it or not in my opinion was the best dish of the night)  and the 7oz filet!  For sides asparagus which was delicious , potatoes were super tasty and my all time favorite the corn!  I ended up adding the corn the the spaghetti which made the spaghettini a super delicious dish because of of all the flavor in the corn that it added to the pasta.  Deserts we  all amazing and the lemoncello did not disappoint.  For sure a good place for a date or a special event as it was easy to carry conversation and the views of the stop are good .
3	Food  was good but our waitress was terrible  Therefore the experience was not good.  i would not go back anytime soon Hire better people who want to work there Giada
5	Went to Giada's last week for my birthday with my family..service was excellent. Food was amazingly delicious. Our server Brian went above and beyond to take care of our party. I will be dining there again in the future... Hopefully I will get too see Giada!
4	Expect to wait past your reservation time.  Place was crazy busy arriving a little early for a 6:30 reserve on a Thursday night.  Checked in at the front desk and was seated right around 7pm.  Felt extremely lucky to find two seats in the bar area while we waited. Tasting menu - antipasti was good.  Bread service selection to start was freaking awesome.  Three bite sized samples off the antipasti menu made for a nice variety and a light first course.  Pasta, then main plates were surprisingly big.  Could not finish the main, and boxed the dessert selection for later in the room.  The food was good, it was just big servings.  Are they catering to middle America that wants a big place of food for their dollar?  Perhaps we just did ourselves in enjoying the bread to start.  Summary - beautiful place, good food.  You won't get surprises here, you'll get Giada's classic dishes prepared to recipe.  She did a really good job of translating her brand into a restaurant. Next time we'll stick with our instincts and get antipasti, salad and pasta, period.
5	Went to Giada's at the Cromwell for Sunday Brunch, and had the Waldorf Panzanella raisin walnut bread, spinach, basil, celery, red onion, apple, bleu cheese, roasted shallot vinaigrette salad.  The salad had an delectable array of flavors and textures and freshness; this salad is in a class of its own.  The dining room is large and spacious and at the same time somehow intimate.  Also had the sunrise juice smoothie and the rasberry tea and finished up with the cookie platter.  Cookies were out-of-this-world good.
4	Place is nice. A little too noisy for a fine dinning restaurant. They have a free photo booth in the front which was cool.Food was good, but small and a little stiff. Ordered a soup, an appetizer, 2 entrees and 3 sides with tip came out a little over $200. That is with no drinks.Service was really good. They get an extra star for Giada walking around the dinning room floor for a short time.
4	Love the food and service. My only complaint is the portions of pizzettes. They looked like a dish from the kids' menu. Octopus was great. It is must try dish.
4	I had the salmon cakes benedict  breakfast which was delicious!  The orange juice in the mimosa was a bit too tart for me, obviously made with fresh squeezed oranges but still too tart.  The orzo meatballs were very good.  Loved the vanilla latte with cookies (the lemon was my favorite).  Overall a nice experience.
5	For one, I loved that it was actually warm inside! :) I could actually take my jacket off. The restaurant was warm and inviting and romantic. The food was amazing. We had the pecorino with honey, the crostini with ricotta, the rigatoni vegetable bolognese, and the filet. All delicious, I wish I could have tried everything on the menu but we were so full. I guess we'll have come numerous times, haha. The chocolate truffles and cookies from the dessert cart were a perfect ending. We will defiantly return!
2	So disappointing. Everything is way over priced for the quality you receive. I ordered the risotto. It was not even close to cooked, still crunchy. The service is slow and impersonal. This put the nail in the coffin of celeb restaurants for me.
3	Food was exceptional, however, the kitchen was extremely slow. The staff was great and gave us free deserts to compensate. Once we got our main dishes they were not hot enough. The bread and appetizers were amazing.
2	I am writing this review based on two dining experiences for dinner about three weeks apart.  I will start off by saying that I am a HUGE fan of Giada and frequently use her recipes and cooking styles in my own every day cooking.  I consider myself to be a great home cook and have been told by many at my dinner table that I am a great cook.  Thank you, Giada (and some other Food Network Stars) for the years of training from the other end of the tv.EXPERIENCE #1The first was on 10/24/14 and we were there to celebrate my mother's birthday.  We were a table of three.  I made reservations for this dinner months in advance and stated it was my mother's 70th birthday and on the day of I needed to downsize the reservation due to half of our party not arriving to Las Vegas until later due to flight delays.  We arrived 15 minutes early for our reservation and were seated about 10 minutes after our time.  I felt as if we were being punished for changing the number in our party because as we were walked through the restaurant there were MANY (at least 5) four top tables available and we were seated at the table directly next to the entrance/exit to the kitchen.  We spent our entire time hearing the servers and runners yell "corner" as they darted in and out of the kitchen.  One of those yells didn't work out as a collision occurred and plates went flying and crashing to the ground.Our server was excellent, he was completely educated about the menu and very attentive to our questions and needs.  He checked in with us almost immediately after each course was delivered to our table.  I wish he could be my server every time I dine out!  The food was very good with all of the courses devoured.  One issue with the food was it was inconsistent between two orders of the exact same dish, the Lemon Spaghetti.  Two of us ordered it and each tasted different (one had a good amount of sauce and the other had hardly any sauce and flavor on the pasta).Overall experience for this visit would be four stars.EXPERIENCE #2The second visit was on 11/16/14.  We were a party of 8 seated at what looked like the only big table in the center of the dining room.  Being seated there was incredible because we could get the full impact of the ambiance of the restaurant.We were greeted promptly by our server and food service assistant (not sure about the title).  Shortly after, we ordered drinks and then ordered our food a short while after that.  Bread was brought (which by the way is AMAZING) and we were enjoying our experience.Our food was brought out in courses.  The appetizer course was fantastic.  Next came the pasta and main courses, all brought at the same time.  The sides were brought out about 5 minutes later except my side which was brought out another 5 minutes after that.  Of the pasta and main course dishes, 5 out the 8 were great (especially the risotto which was ordered by two of our group).  Unfortunately, three of the dishes were not good.  We had to send back the lamb because the meat was spongy and two of our group ordered the Bucatini pasta (one of the two vegetarian options that are not a side dish or pizza) and it was completely flavorless.  After one guest sent back the lamb, the server was no where to be found and never checked in on the rest of our meals until 30 minutes later when plates were being cleared.  The two that had the Bucatini talked to the server and sent back their pasta.  The server asked if there was something else that he could prepare and my friend, a vegetarian, asked what was on the menu (other than the Rigatoni with mushrooms which he is allergic to) that he could have.  The server made a very snarky comment..."I already reviewed the whole menu with you".The manager never came over to talk to us about the problems with our meal.  The food service assistant never brought the additional bread that we asked for and when we asked again, his response..."oh, sorry" and nothing further.I have to say that for a restaurant that categorizes themselves as fine dining and for the VERY EXPENSIVE price points, this type of service and the lack of caring that three of the five entree/pasta dishes had to be sent back is completely unacceptable.  When I shared my experience with my friends who are locals in LV, they told me that the buzz around town with the locals is that the restaurant is just average at best.Overall experience for the second visit would be 1/2 of a star, which is being generous.I am truly unsure if I will ever return to Giada's restaurant on one of my many trips to Vegas.
4	Great view & solid (but very small portioned) food. Ate lunch here with no wait. Wasn't impressed that much by the food, and definetly not for the service. The picante sausage pizza was kinda Meh. Try Pizza Rock for the real stuff.I would only consider recommending it if you were going to get to meet G there... Prob won't be back.
1	Too bad it was not a good experience. I am a huge Giada fan so this new place was on the top of the list for Vegas.  Probably the worst service ever.  The orzo meatballs were fantastic but the other signature dishes were mediocre. No team work with service. No salt and pepper on table (arrogant chef)  had to keep looking for service.  Just really a major disappointment. Oh. It's expensive for mediocre food and TERRIBLE SERVICE
1	I am a real customer here and yelp removed my previous review saying that it "lacks a firsthand customer experience at this location"... can you believe that??! How the hell can yelp tell me that this was not a first hand experience?!A repeat of my review about my FIRST HAND EXPERIENCE here at Giadas:I'm basing this review solely on the grossly overpriced menu. I have eaten at some of the best restaurants and steakhouses in the US and none of them come close to the outrageous prices charged at Giadas. I'm all for paying good money for a meal, but $75 for a bone in ribeye or $35+ for a plate of pasta portioned the size of an appetizer (just look at some of the pictures) is just absurd.Sure, it's a good steak.... that's right.. I ATE IT!! But it's not even close to justifying its price. I'm pretty much disappointed with almost all the food network star restaurants and Giadas has managed to make it to the top of the list. All these guys cross promote each other to fuel their own pockets. Way to ride the fame bandwagon and lure people in with your TV name. Shame on you. More detail about MY FIRST HAND CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE. They have a seating area overlooking the strip. The kitchen is right out in the open for a "showy" atmosphere. The Hostesses where grey heels with short white friffy dresses that have holes in them. There was a 30 minute wait last Saturday afternoon and we didn't even have to make a reservation to get a seat. We had a $14 arugula salad, I ate a bone in Ribeye with a egg on-top of it sprinkled with arugula and my friend had the lemon pasta which came with two prawns and looked like an appetizer. Side of lemon potatoes and the Tiramisu which came in a tiny shot glass and an espresso to finish off our underwhelming meal. I drank coke, she had a fancy drink.. the total came out right under $200. Everything tasted good... not amazing... will I write about how I felt about each and every item?? No... because explanation can justify being reamed not only in price.. but portions as well. I've paid good money for great food.. but I've never seen outrageous prices unless it was a special day like V-Day... in which case I guess we can justify paying $100+ a person... for a filling meal at least.We went to Gordon Ramsays Steak the night after and had a wonderful and FILLING meal for two for less than$140. Portions were larger and we even had leftovers... Something I couldn't imagine happens a lot here at Giadas.GIADAS IS A PAID YELP ADVERTISER. They made a complaint to remove my legitimate negative review about a REAL experience here at Giadas. How can you say I didn't eat here when I know what their food tastes like and that they serve measily portions for top shelf prices. We left hungry and spent a couple hundred for a meal for two.
1	Great disappointment. Appetizers and desserts were ok but pasta entrees were terribly dry and tasteless.  Salads were barely edible because of overuse of lemon.  Service was good, but everything is overpriced.
4	Beautiful restaurant. Attention to detail. We started with a drink in the bar. Flat champagne that the bartender failed to notice. Was replaced with a new glass. Dinner was good. Shared 2 apps: loved the clams (wish we had a spoon for the broth, used the clam shell) and Pizzetta (crust was spectacular). Arugula salad (shared) light and tasty. I had the lobster ravioli, hubby the veal saltimbocca (dry and a touch burnt around the edges). End result, good restaurant but I would not return. Tip: be an assertive diner. The waiter pushed the tasting menu. We knew it would be too much food. He then recommended we share an app, soup, salad, and a pasta and then order our own entrees. Way too much food for us. Know your limits and don't be swayed by the "restaurant line."
3	Service - Impeccable. A solid 5 stars. The waitress was friendly, attentive, and thoroughly knowledgeable of the menu.Ambiance - First class and tastefully done. Our party of five was seated at a semi-circular table overlooking the strip and the Bellagio fountains - a truly spectacular view at night.The menu - many appetizer choices, but honestly nothing on the menu was a standout. Meatballs were tasty but small portions. Burrata was salty, offered as a tiny sample. Gorgonzola and honey - maybe three bites worth. Fritto calamari - overly browned and about 5-6 pieces. The risotto with charred scallops were delightful, but as a main course I could have eaten 2 or 3 more servings. My other dinner guests seemed to enjoy their veal, lamb, fish and pasta dishes, but I didn't hear anyone raving about their meals.Overall - a very mediocre meal that was overpriced and skimpy. I went home un-fulfilled and hungry for breakfast the next day. Nice date place to impress, but not to satisfy your hunger. Also, was disappointed Giada was not here and we couldn't see her. I'm not in a hurry to come back.
3	I don't get the hype.  I came here for lunch - maybe dinner is better here?  I did not receive a good first impression upon arrival.  We had to wait a few minutes before we were seated.  I would have sat down in their waiting area at the top of the stairs by the hostess stand, but it was filthy!  And the restaurant had only been open for less than an hour!  So there I stood instead :p  When we were seated, we were given a table by their windows as requested, but the spacing there was ridiculously tight!!  I understand wanting to accommodate as many tables over in that area, but at the expense of comfort?  The chairs aren't the best for hanging purses on either, and there isn't much room to hang them on the chairs without hitting the person behind you anyway.  I saw women put their purses on the floor.  For a germaphobe like me, and as someone who likes to keep my bags as clean as can be, that's just a no-no.As for the food, I wasn't impressed either.  I split a lobster roll which was too heavy on the lemon side for my taste.  I've had better from food trucks :p  I also split their carbonara pizza which was ok by me since it had bacon and I love bacon!  For dessert we had their zeppoles, which was nothing special and too "citrus-y" for my taste.  Would I come back?  Maybe, but not for lunch, which was not bad, just ok in my opinion.  I would have come for dinner but good luck getting a dinner reservation!  FYI if you are driving to the restaurant, the Cromwell only has valet parking.  We self-parked next door at the Flamingo which was quite a trek, and their parking structure is quite old and narrow!
3	We have been big fans of Giada for years & were super excited to try her first ever restaurante.  Ok first for the positives,  great atmosphere,  beautiful place. Now the food, amazing,  just as we thought it would be, but i must say they love their arugula lol. Now the negatives,  the service was lacking, we found ourselves waiting looking around for service. Drinks were forgotten,  no refills offered & when we did get the bill, not only did they charge us for our table but also added someone else's table to our bill. So overall,  great food but the service is what brings you back, and unfortunately,  the service did not compliment the food, so not sure if we would return. Our grade would be a B-, C+.
5	I almost cancelled our reservations after reading the reviews here. I am so glad I did not! We ate lunch at 2 p.m. because there were no other times available.  Thierry, our waiter, took so much time with us to explain the menu, offer suggestions and truly make us feel at home. The food was fantastic. My wife ordered the strawberry polenta waffles & I had the muffaletta. Along with the bread and pesto that is served complimentary before the meal it was more than enough to fill us up. The only negative was when we first arrived, about 45 minutes early, the waitress would not be check us in until closer to 2 p.m.  We will definitely prepare well  ahead next time and make dinner reservations!
3	Food was excellent. Beautiful view! Expect better service for a $400 meal making it overpriced, server was a tad pompous.
3	Yes, its really difficult to get a dinner reservation at Giada, especially if you came to vegas on a whim. however, going to Giada for lunch, I was hoping to at least get a taste of her classics during lunch. she has so many followers that can't wait to have a taste of her classic italian cuisine. BUT THERES ONLY ONE PASTA DISH ON THE MENU. ONE. I really felt that the menu is lacking in many ways. this is vegas, we don't come here for salads and sandwiches for lunch, especially if we're already willing to pay the price to eat at Giada. Nevertheless, my sandwich was pretty good, I subbed out the fontina for buffalo mozzarella and they were pretty accommodating.  I didn't bother getting a pizza because the portions looks small. my sandwich came with flash fried zucchini, it was interesting but i rather have truffle fries or polenta fries with marinara something.
5	I don't watch TV and the only food I can make comes out of a toaster. I had no idea the "Giada" in the name of this place referred to a renowned woman with many culinary (and cultural) accolades - I genuinely found out who she was about 45 minutes after arriving at The Cromwell for our 7:15 reservations, which is even more amazing/depressing when you stop and realize I was the one who booked the reservation for our meal last Friday night. Nonetheless, for a guy on the outside of pop culture cooking looking in, Giada managed to impress me from presentation to service, while the food definitely delivered on the reputation this gal has made for herself.Giada sits at the top of a couple escalators, or at the end of a very lengthy white hallway, if you take the elevator, in The Cromwell. I actually suggest taking the elevator because I imagine making that extended walk is how football players feel on their way to the field, or how surgeons get heading for the operating room: lives are about to be changed through that hallway and Facebook photos will undoubtedly be posted. Once you get to the entrance, it's a surprisingly small waiting room to the left of a hostess desk flanked by a duo of dashing young ladies that have style to burn. You can rest on a couple of sofa cushions, head to the right where the bar and bathrooms are, or you could stop in the photobooth near the sofas to kill time and post a few wacky pictures to Facebook - bonus points are awarded (not really) if you are wearing a shirt that makes you blend in with the wallpaper in this booth, like I did (without my maroon sweater vest, I think I would have looked like a disembodied floating head against that background).We were slightly early for our reservation but in no time at all, a hostess escorted us (still ahead of our time! Score!) to our table in the window overlooking The Strip. The dining room is kind of tiered, with the bar at the top and the dining rooms unfolding outward, blending in chairs and horseshoe-style booths. Now is a good time to mention that the view here cannot be beat if you're in the window seats: major brownie points can only be won with your date when The Bellagio's water show kicks into action across the street and you're on your third bottle of wine.Our server, along with all the food runners and bussing staff, were attentive without being overwhelming. Following our technological snafu with the "interactive drink menu" (read: an iPad), our server got us started with orzo meatballs, a margherita flatbread, a beet-and-apple salad and a couple rounds of this awesome bread combo. I never got to try the flatbread (the four pieces in it were scarfed down quickly) but those meatballs made me question how I've gone this long in life without eating them. Kind of like how I managed to live all these years without tasting lobster ravioli like the kind from here - that ravioli was heavenly, and everyone else expressed similar sentiments for their tortellini and pappardelle dishes.Before dessert could arrive and threaten to end my life right there via caloric overload, I escaped to the bathroom. This has nothing to do with anything, but aside from being spotless, these were also the best smelling bathrooms I've ever been in. I'm tempted to start doing my laundry in one of the stalls if I could figure out how to get there on a regular basis from Dallas.With eyes bigger than our stomachs, we opted for a selection of "Giada's favorite cookies." I can safely say this woman knows fine taste: chocolate chip was what you'd expect, the peanut butter (and jelly!) were a pleasant surprise, but the lemon ricotta cookies... I'm not a "dessert person" but I think I actually wept while eating those. Tears of happiness and savoriness, mind you.If there are any nitpicks to make, they are minor. Management was scattered about and did not seem to put too much worth on the customer experience: I think I saw a manager talk to two, maybe three tables. That's unfortunate for a spot like this, as I would like to see the "higher ups" at the least asking how everything is, and possibly even displaying a personality and/or a pulse. I also don't know what to think about the special dinner that comes with an autographed picture of Giada herself. It's a cute promotion but, if Giada, or her PR people are reading this, this place is better than that kind of gimmick.Again, totally minor, practically inconsequential critiques to be made. Sure, the price can be steep if you do not do your homework but look at the complete package: friendly servers and hostesses, a priceless view and a menu that made a believer out of a guy who had no idea who the woman behind everything was. That last part alone should be enough to get your foot in the door if you are even slightly considering this destination on your next Vegas trip.
5	I've been here for both dinner and breakfast now and have been blown away each time.   From the service to the decor to the amazing food,  I can't pick which one I love more!  Ok well let's be honest ...it's the food.
5	Our last brunch in Vegas was at Giada's at the Cromwell. The restaurant was beautiful and elegant. When we walked in, the first thing we noticed was the aroma. The smell was like a smokey wood burning but in a very good way. It kind of reminded me of Italy. The staff were very professional and their attire was on point! The drinks were OK (I had the white sangria) but I really enjoyed the food. I had the arugula salad with chicken and I thought it tasted like perfection. The portions were great, the service was impeccable and the food was solid. I would definitely come back again.
2	Service was great but ambiance was not comfortable. Put at a table in a small hallway corner next to the window, great view of the strip. Ordered the Papperdelle, was extremely salty and way over priced for portion size. Not impressed at all!
3	So a group of us decided to try Giada's for a friends birthday celebration.First of all, if you don't want to valet, it's a pain in the ass to get here. I won't get into our ordeal with trying to get reservations for a large group, that was another pain in itself. My most favorite part of the Giada experience was the bar; Flash Gordon was playing on the tube, the bar staff was friendly and informative, and they served an awesome drink called The Flash (Yes I'm a huge Flash Gordon fan).The restaurant was beautiful. Our waiter was okay when we started the evening out but once he found out one of our table mates worked in a restaurant in Caesars, our side (not his side) of the table was almost ignored. The complimentary bread was great, loved everything in it.For my meal I ordered the Spaghetti (with lemon and shrimp).  It was very average, the pasta was a bit over cooked. I expected it to be al dente, it wasn't. And the pasta was all stuck together with whatever they used to dress the pasta.  We also tried the Margherita Pizzette. That as well was very average and small. Another starter we sampled was the Bacon Wrapped Dates, they were okay, they were spicy as described, I have had better.My husband got the Filet. Another disappointment. The steak was done as ordered but it came with a clump of maitre d'hotel butter that was ice cold and did not melt. They brought around a dessert cart after our meal, the waiter was unenthusiastic about his job. We asked him multiple times to repeat himself because he was so quiet. For dessert my husband got the Chocolate Zabiaone, it was just alright, not quite what we expected. I tried the Chocolate Chip cookie, Peanut Butter and Jelly Cookie. Both were good cookies. We spent a lot of money for a very average experience.  I doubt I'd go back but if I did I'd get the Rib-Eye, we had a bite of a table mates and was pretty darn tasty. But good steak restaurants are all over Vegas, don't go here just for that!
3	Food was good. Service was slow and not outstanding. The Branding with all the "g" all over was obnoxious.
5	Finally Chef Giada has opened her first restaurant and it's the at the center of the Las Vegas strip! Now everyone can enjoy her comfort Italian food instead of just watching her cook the dishes on tv. I went to this fine establishment for Sunday brunch and it was delightful.  They had a breakfast and lunch menu which included a carbonara pizza with a sunny side up egg, light and fluffy French toast along with chicken Marsala meatballs and an assortment of salami.  We also had her classic lasagna. The meal is definitely not complete without her famous lemon ricotta cookies. The service was also amazing and the manager came by to check how we were doing and gave us her personal business card. Autographed cookbooks are available as well.This is not a dig at the restaurant but a complaint about the Cromwell hotel. The hotel does not have a single changing table for changing infants. Gone are the old days of not being family friendly in Vegas. Please comply with current societal standards as yes babies do eat out with their parents!
5	Food is absolutely amazing. Appetizers are family style and main courses (pastas and proteins) are small portions. My suggestions:- lobster arancini- clams casino- orzo meatballs- eggplant fries- spaghetti with lemon and shrimpTheir spaghetti is their most famous dish for a reason. I originally thought it was just a marketing ploy but it's really delicious. Pasta is handmade and fresh. Shrimps are the size of mini lobsters but much more tender and less rubbery. To top it off, our server Greg was amazing and brilliant. He gave some great suggestions and provided excellent service. Also, his memory of the menu and our order was incredible.
4	There's a photo booth while you wait. The dining area was very open and felt fresh.The bread and condiments were very tasty. My favorite was the flat cracker looking one! It tasted so good!I tried the Wood Roasted Mushrooms, Bacon Wrapped Dates, Arugula salad, and had the La Strada cocktail. I don't recommend the Wood Roasted Mushrooms at all because $14 was too expensive for something that didn't taste too special and came in such a small platter. The Bacon Wrapped Dates were my favorite out of what was ordered. It was very flavorful, but it was TOO overwhelming that I got sick of it after 2 pieces. The Arugula salad was pretty good too but it had absolutely too much parmigiano-reggiano which made the salad too cheesy. Although I really liked the candied lemon and pancetta in the salad. I think it would be hard to eat this entire salad by yourself because it's too cheesy. La Strada was easy to drink and fruity and sweet, but kinda too sweet.Overall, I enjoyed eating at Giada, but I'm not sure if I will be coming back. I felt like this restaurant was only good for tasting things and not so much for having an actual meal. I recommend coming here with another person or a group and share the food with each other. Most of the dishes are actually tasty, but can get overwhelming.
5	I really wanted to eat here but had no reservations.  Luckily we snagged seats at the bar which was great.  The full menu is NOT available at the bar but parts of it are. Certain pastas could be ordered while others could not.  I'm not sure why this is a rule but it is.  Some really good wines available by the glass, I'm not too familiar with Italian wines the the bartender helped me choose a couple that I really ended up liking.  Started with the Kale and wild mushroom Pizette and the Lobster arincici.  Both were very good, the portion size was small but perfect considering they were both very rich.The service  was great and the girls behind the bar were sweet.  Unfortunately like almost all bartenders I encounter in Vegas they seemed a little jaded and who can blame them.  People come to Vegas and get on there worst behavior.  There where rude customers sitting on both sides of us.  The man to the right of me was appalled that his CHARRED octopus had a burnt flavor to it.....HELLO!!!!Anyways do yourself a favor and try Giada.  I want to come back for breakfast and lunch.
3	Fancy smancy ass place with a nice  modern ambiance and views of the strip.  So if you're trying impress someone, definitely come here but expect to pay top $$$ for some slightly above average food.Lobster Arancini - Tasty but it could have been hotter.  This tasted like a potato cake in ball form with lobster bites in it.  Had lots of potential but I wanted more of a hot crispy bite Mashed Potatoes Side - It wasn't bad but come on, how great can mashed potatoes really be.  If you're debating between sides, try something unless you're really craving mashed potatoes Veal - No complaints here, exactly what I expected a veal cooked Milanese style to be.  Nice and crispy with a sauce that's bossHad 8:30 reservations but didn't get seated till 9-9:15 which was pretty annoying.
4	I love Giada.  You can't hate her.  I mean, look at that smile!!  Major girl crush.But, this isn't about her.  This about her restaurant.  I really gotta hand it to her.  Her menu and the setup of her restaurant reflects her consideration for her guests.  And isn't that what it's about? Treating your customers to something good, right? It's a beautiful restaurant and the food is pretty too.  We ordered a bunch of appetizers including proscuitto and the tricolor salad which were both very yummy.  We had also ordered a pizzette but it never came.  Apparently the kitchen lost our ticket, but we were getting too full to eat a pizza, so we didn't want it anyway.  The server handled it very well, apologizing to us for the mix-up, and was gracious enough to comp our dessert.I ordered her signature cocktail, and I wasn't too into that either.  I'm not a drinker, so I'm not the person to ask for drink recommendations, but to me it was too strong and it reminded me of some type of cleaning fluid.  But doesn't all alcohol...?I wasn't super impressed with the lobster ravioli or the rack of lamb.  There was no cheese in the ravioli! I'm not big on cheese either, but I think my husband assessed it fairly well when he said "It's like... a Chinese dumpling.  There's meat and juices wrapped in dough, but it's missing the part that makes it Italian."  As for the lamb, it was okay, but I think it could be less chewy.For dessert, we had the little cheesecake with a blood orange sliver on top and the lemon cookie, chocolate chip cookie, and the chocolate brownie cookie.  The desserts were yummy indeed.  The man presenting the desserts, however, was a bit too honest when we asked him for his recommendation.  Here's how it went:Us: Which one do you like?Man: Honestly? Nothing. After 8 months working here, nothing is good to me.OOOOOOOK.That guy should not be working there.  Although it was 11pm by the time we were ready for dessert, I wasn't expecting any of the staff to blatantly dissuade us from ordering anything.  But eh.  I still think the dessert was terrific.Anyways.  Minus one star for the sad entrees, but I had a good time~!
5	Dinner reservations are hard to come by. I booked online 3 weeks out and could only get dinner for 2 at 5:15PM.It was totally worth it.The pasta in the lobster ravioli was perfect - thin, not rubbery. There was no shortage of lobster, and sauce was light, fresh, and didn't overwhelm. It was very well put together. Cocktails were tasty. Service was attentive but not over the top. The view is great and it was nice to have some of the windows open.About the only thing not very well thought out was the photo booth off of the lobby. 2 people can't fit into the seat and you can't reach the screen to operate it. It's a nice idea, but it doesn't quite work. Once you get into the restaurant, everything else clicks. It's worth booking early and eating here.
5	Food was excellent.  Fresh scallops and risotto.  Shrimp, basil spaghetti was amazing.  You need to try this placeGiada's came to play. She is a chef who is taking her restaurant seriously.  Food is fresh, well seasoned and high quality. You can tell she has her hand on what goes out of the kitchen.  Giada's you deserve kudos for not being a chef who doe not just sells her name
4	I heard that this was hard to get into, but we walked in on a Saturday night and got a table for 12.   They let us use the private room and we had a lovely dinner, and could actually hear each other and talk and catch up before all going our separate ways for the weekend.  Great food and cocktail menu, just all a little more expensive then they should be but I get that it's Vegas (Cocktails are $15 each).  We had two appetizer platters, two bottles of wine, some cocktails, dinner plates, and coffee for dessert and it came out to about $125 per person.  I enjoyed the Bacon Wrap Dates, the Crab and Scallop Risotto, and coffee for dessert.  Attentive excellent wait staff that went above and beyond.   I would definitely come here again, especially with a large group when you aren't sure what everyone likes to eat (we had people visiting from all over the world and very different palates),as they have a diverse enough menu that everyone enjoyed it.   Only 4 stars because I felt like it was overpriced, and although the food was excellent, nothing was really out of the ordinary or inspired in any new way.  I would come again for the overall experience, not some specific meal or cocktail I had to have.
1	This was my second time to Giada, first visit was a dinner in September which was good.  The recent visit was lunch on Sunday November 30th.  First, you need to hire reception gals with a friendly personality and not an "attitude."  There were three of us and we ordered 3 different lunch items.  The lasagna was OVERPRICED and VERY small portion......absolutely NOTHING special.  The pizza was OVERPRICED and VERY small..............want good pizza in Vegas?  Go to Spago for one,,,,,far better!!  The Waldorf salad was something I'd get for $6.00 anywhere else.......not $16......   The only good part was our waitress was great but then I grew up in the restaurant business so would never go to a restaurant just for a good waitress!!I think the novelty of this restaurant will fade with being so overpriced for mediocre food and small portions.  Too much competition in Vegas.   I left feeling like "I was robbed!"  The greatest compliment to any establishment is a return visit.  We will NOT be returning to Giada's!!!!!
4	I am not sure why my check in did not record on yelp but oh well. Josie has been wanting to come here since they opened and her birthday was the day she requested to go. I made reservations which were easy to get if you call direct on noT use online features. We had a party of 7 and they were happy to have us. We arrived early and waited in the reception area and had some cocktails which were reasonably priced for a Hotel restaurant.After a short time we were seated and the staff was quick to get our drink orders and waters. (because that is key). I wish that bread was brought before we ordered but that is not the case here. Our table was just off the main room and a little in the traffic area but it was comfortable. I have to say the chairs were soft and not what expected at a restaurant. I ordered the ice tea and thought it was a Cirque performance just to drink it. pour from one pot to another pot to a glass of ice. I just want ice with tea. Table was not roomy enough for this spectacle, but nicely done. The rundown on the food.As a whole we ate a little of everything except for any of the antipasti. Josie and I shared the Rib Eye(not sure why I do this to Myself). Came with a giant bone and easy for 2 to share. I dig the egg on top. HOWEVER. I truly will always have a difficult time paying crazy prices for a steak I can make at home at half the cost. If the steak was high 20 to low 30 range fine but for how it tasted I was not happy with cost. (yes I make a pretty mean steak) Steak rant over. Sides, smashed potatoes and sweet corn with sausage. The corn was incredible. Sweet flavor followed by this awesome heat bite from the sausage. Almost a smokey flavor as well. great side I need to learn how is made. Lemon smashed potatoes, smooth citrus taste with a buttery type finish. A must have if you do eat here.That was our meal also eaten that night was risotto, tortellini and salmon. Had a bite of each but nothing was a standout for me.for dessert we had the cookie trio that as far as the lemon cookies go my wife can do better. Yes, its pretentious, but her lemon cookies are awesome. I may go again. I can say try it out, food was good, staff was great. Very attentive and knowledgable.
5	The whole design decor is spot on for Vegas. The Wine list is very easy to follow with great prices for any budget. The bar area had great views and full menu if your party can't get a table. I enjoyed the dates/wrapped in bacon/sausage bits any time of day. Main courses choices are fit for any Rome person. End the meal with a Limoncello or espresso. Great spot for New Years Eve dinner in Las Vegas.  Thank you Giada for creating a memory around the holiday season that won't be forgotten.
4	What a quaint little spot. There's nothing I didn't love about this place. The service was impeccable, the food was phenomenal, the over-all ambience was lovely and that VIEW! Love that you can see the fountains from here. It's decorated beautifully, with comfy chairs that make you feel at home, without loosing the elegant feel of a classy restaurant. I sat down with my friend for an early lunch ( unfortunately we missed breakfast ) and fell in love instantly. Great food, and an all around great spot.
3	I was very much looking forward to eating here, but it didn't live up to my expectations (even remotely).We arrived a little early for our reservation and so decided to sit at the bar, order some drinks and an appetizer while we waited.The appetizer was the chili mozzarella balls which were decent, the bread seems to made in house and has good flavor, but is a little oily.The maitre d arrived and said that the table was ready, we got up and asked to transfer the charges to the bar to our table and that's when the server at the bar got all awkward and made out like it would be a problem to do that (no doubt so that she could get her tip on the bar charges) - I don't really appreciate being made to feel awkward about things like that.We ordered two more appetizers - the wild mushrooms and the eggplant fries.  The mushrooms were very flavorful, but they were expensive for the size of the portion.The eggplant fries were terrible - they just tasted like oil, we sent them back and were talked into trying the goat cheese stuffed peppers.  They were also not good, the peppers had no flavor and the goat cheese just leaked out of them (the cheese also had no flavor).We ordered the parpadelle and bucatini for our pasta course.  These were the highlights of the meal - past was cooked very well and my bucatini had a great sauce.From there you are encouraged to order an entree, but we were full (and slightly underwhelmed by the appetizers and so decided to move straight to dessert).My favorite dessert ever is tiramisu and given this was an Italian restaurant - and I had seen tiramisu on the menu online, I was ready to order that.Sadly tiramisu was not on the dessert menu and so rather than try something else we got our check and left.I really think that anyone could make food that tasted as good as the dishes we had & when I go to a "celebrity" restaurant and pay that kind of money I want something that in no way could I attempt to create at home.For the prices charged I was very disappointed; the "debate" about transferring charges from the bar to our table also left a bad taste.If I could I would give this place 2.5 stars, as you can't & 2 stars would be very harsh I am stuck with giving it a 3 star review.  There are better (and much cheaper) places to eat on the Strip.
5	Love it here.  The service is impeccable. You need to make reservations. Place overlooks the strip. I had the lobster roll. Loved the pizza I had the spicy. The expresso drinks are amazing. I will be back
5	We were just there for lunch. Had a reservation and got seated early. The dining room is cozy and well laid out. The olive bar looked amazing. I could have sat at the bar, nursed a cocktail, and nibbled all afternoon! Instead, we had a table overlooking the Bellagio fountains, dined on delicious food, sipped a not too pricey glass of Italian red, and enjoyed good service and fun people watching. The prices are a little more than we normally pay, but we had to try it. And we're glad we did. Thanks, Giada, for a divine meal.
2	It did not meet my expectations,food was okay nothing special small portions and overpriced.  The only plus was the view of the strip. If you really must go have a drink and appetizer at the bar, but don't waste your money on dinner.
2	In short, excellent for drinks. Disappointing for food. Ambiance: 5/5. Beautiful venue. Contemporary, chic, yet comfortable. Service: 3/5 Surprising for a new, high profile restaurant. ( my visit was in October 2014) we were seated about 30 minute after our reservation, which I found surprising. Perhaps it was to encourage us to use the photo booth in the lobby. The photo booth was a nice little touch. The delay in service was less nice. Drinks: 5/5 I don't remember the names of any but we tried about 4 different signature drinks. every one of them were beautifully executed and delicious. Food: -Antipasti platter of Giada's favorites: 4/5 overall good. Well executed, though nothing was mind blowing-Octopus: 5/5 Well executed. Perfectly grilled. Fennel salsa was a great accompaniment. -Spaghetti(lemon/shrimp/basil): 1/5 This was one of "Giada's favorites". the pasta was limp and sticky. sauce was just cream with minimal flavor. sorely disappointed.-Risotto: 2/5 yet another of "Giada's favorites". Creamy, yes, but in a heavy heavy sort of way. again, disappointed, though not as bad as the spaghetti. -Tiramisu: 2/5. not terrible, but when is tiramisu ever terrible? It fell a bit flat for me. it was fine. So the dinner started out great. The drinks were delicious, the venue was gorgeous, the antipasti was yummy....Then the food was one disappointment after another. I highly doubt I will return for food. Sorry Giada, I wanted to love you but I couldn't...Oh, one hilarious moment was when their super fancy ipad drink menu froze and they had to reboot, struggle, then it froze again.
4	I've always been a fan of Giada from watching her on the Food Network so I just had to swing by and give her restaurant a try. My boyfriend and I decided to have our last meal in Vegas here before we left. Upon reading other Yelp reviews I was worried we wouldn't be able to get a table for breakfast without a reservation but we gave it the college try anyway. Upon arriving, the hostess greeted us and said it would be a 5- 10 minute wait. We were relieved we could get a table on short notice and she suggested we could go to the bar and hangout while we waited for our table. When we got to the bar, we noticed the restaurant was nearly empty and wondered the reason for the wait. The bartender was very personable and greeted us as soon as we sat down. We decided we would just order at the bar and eat there since there was no point in waiting for our table in an empty restaurant. The only reason I deducted a star. I ordered the Sunrise Waffle which was absolutely delicious. The perfect balance of sweet and savory. My boyfriend ordered the Carbonara Pizza which he kept raving about. I was lucky to get a bite of it and it was delicious as well. We loved the food and the decorum of the restaurant...very LA and chic which suits Giada's personality. Aside from the seating ordeal, we will definitely come back for the food...perhaps for lunch or dinner next time.
5	omg we waited months for reservations and we are not dissappointed the atmospher and staff are amazing,, couldnt ask for morethank you guys and gals for making a great night for me and my businesss partner, we havent been out for a long time because of opening our cafe
2	Not Terrible. When you expect to pay $400-500 for dinner for four, you just want something more than that. This was meant to be our 'big splurge' meal for our weekend in Vegas. Here's the lowdown:  Ambience: Lovely, modern Italian upscale restaurant, busy. Tables are so close together that I had to apologize to gent behind me as I accidentally bumped his chair several times. Service: Good, slow paced, but that's good for a restaurant experience of this $$ scale- you kind of want time to stop for a while to enjoy the meal. Servers attentive and friendly. Food: RECOMMEND: Giada's favorite antipasti: delicious bites of crostini, olives, mushrooms, and other goodies. This was $60, but enough for all four of us to enjoy as an appetizer. If only we had stopped there. The green salad, lightly dressed with a vinagrette and parmesan, looked delicious. The LOBSTER RAVIOLI was chock-full of nice lobster pieces and very delicious. Now for the downside: Soup du jour was a roasted cauliflower. Meh, It was okay, a small portion. My partner had the minestrone and I had a taste. This was in no way minestone. It was a thin, processed gruel that had no identifiable vegetables in it and tasted of the singe at the bottom of the pot. The frico of parmesan (a little crisp of grilled shredded parm) couldn't save the flavor and, soaked in the gruel, the texture suffered too. I wanted to have another bite just to make sure it was as bad as I'm describing, but I stopped at the first bite without regret. Partner and I shared the chicken cacciatore style, about $60, meant for two. Note that style-part. This was not standard cacciatore. This was a whole chicken (a petite one) and the parts were breaded and deep fried. The fried chicken, stacked prettily on both sides of the platter, was so dry and tastelessly overcooked there wasn't enough of the small crock of a vegetable ragout type sauce to save it. We did finish it, which tells you how tiny this bird was- with this amount of food on the table, imagine each of us eating four pieces of standard fried chicken. Relative had a risotto dish which she described as making better herself and other had the grilled lamb chops which he described as tasteless, without seasoning. Overall, the food presentation was just as pretty as Giada herself, but lacked the expected excitement and flavor she brings to her show. All four of us were disappointed with the meal. Hope the kinks work themselves out, but we won't be back to see it.
1	I'm so sad to have to write this review.  I'm constantly reading yelp reviews but hardly ever post.  Visiting Giada, unfortunately, warrants this rare occasion.  I was so looking forward to an amazing dinner out with my husband last night.  After all, we were in town to celebrate my birthday at this dinner (we had these reservations for over 3 months).  We were seated in probably the worst placed table in the restaurant.  Right next to the waiter station.  My chair was kicked repeatedly in the 15 minutes we were there.  We sat at our table for 17 total minutes without even receiving menus.  Congratulations Giada, it took you a whole 17 minutes to ruin my birthday dinner and leave my husband and I scrambling for new last minute dinner reservations.
5	Definitely the highlight of our trip. Amazing service, location, and food. If I even considered dropping a star it would be for a the small menu selection, but everything I tasted looked and tasted outstanding. I had the Sunrise Polenta waffle (a must try). Crispy waffle, with slightly savory taste and served with house infused syrup and beschamel. My wife had the salmon eggs benedict. Both were filling and so flavorful. My wife also had the Dolce Vita, a great breakfast cocktail with elderflower. Our server/barmistress, Molly was bright, cheery and made recommended all the dishes we had. 100 points for knowing the menu, and great service. They had these comfy seating, too and a great view of the Bellagio fountains.
3	Came here for lunch. I ordered the Tuscan Kale salad and chicken meatballs. The salad was good. The meatballs were a little dry.  For $14, you get 6 small meatballs. The meal was not memorable. The ambiance was nice, but I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.
2	After months of trying to get a reservation, we spent our anniversary having dinner. The atmosphere, the views and the waiter was beyond fabulous. Food on the other hand was not worth what we paid. I ordered the salmon for me and glass of wine. After examined the menu, my husband discovered that the spaghetti dish he wanted to order, the sauce was made with Mushrooms.  He is extremely allergic to mushrooms, fish and will not eat red meat, so he ordered as his meal 4 side dishes and a glass of wine.  ALL OF THE SIDES WERE GREASY! Honestly, the best part of the whole meal was the Cauliflower soup and the 3 breads the waiter brought at the beginning of the meal. At the end of the meal, I gave them a good rating and paid for the meal $150.80, but wished I hadn't by the time we both got home. We were both queasy and nauseous from the greasy sides.A suggestion: You should also offer an alternative that is just a plain spaghetti sauce with nothing added for your Rigatoni and other pasta dishes.
4	Keeping this one simple:Food - DeliciousDrinks - Not impressedStaff - Okay, slightly snobbishAmbiance - PleasantPrice - Slightly high
4	The wife and I decided to check Giada's restaurant out as we were walking the strip.  We were greeted by the hostess and grabbed a seat at the bar.  Service was exceptional and the staff seemed to emulate Giada's enthusiasm (as seen on her show).  I had a glass of both versions of her sangria.  They were both very good.  My wife had espresso drink that was very good as well.  We shared some cheese and meats as we dropped in for a snack.  I like the decor of the restaurant.  It definitely has a Giada feel to it.  My only complaint is that the restaurant is a bit overpriced when compared other other restaurants in the same class.  All in all, a place to definitely check out.
3	This was my second time here. I came for breakfast after flying in from San Diego.  I asked for a window seat even though I was alone and she acted as if I had committed a crime.  I waited patiently after she seated two groups that arrived after me till she would seat me. My server was very friendly and he really made my experience better.  The food was good and I really enjoyed the frittata. The decor was beautiful.  As I was leaving, I wanted to check with my lunch reservation later on in the month and asked the hostess if I could request a certain area.  I received the same treatment as when I first got there that I was asking for too much.  I really wish they would train their hostess better, I know it's Vegas but can you try to act like I'm welcomed.
5	Getting a reservation here was a little hard, but it was worth eating dinner at 10:15. The ambiance is great and very comfortable. The decor is classy as well, don't order too much!
5	The service and food is one of the best I have ever been too in Las Vegas.  The server takes the time in describing the menu.
2	I was so excited to bring my best friend to Giada for her birthday. However, the entire meal was ruined by our awful server.We waited 30 minutes past our reservation time, which I can accept for such a busy place, but it would have been nice if there had been any acknowledgement of the wait at all. Especially considering it was 6:15 and I had made reservations 2 months in advance. Instead, I watched as the hostesses twirled their hair and looked bored. My bestie and I looked past this though as I had been previously in August and had a fun and delicious meal.Once we finally got seated our waiter came to greet us. He was very friendly, telling us all about the menu and the wine. This demeanor changed immediately upon learning we were not drinking alcohol. I couldn't drink and my friend did not want to drink without me. I was however still very prepared to eat a ton and indulge! We no longer had this urge after receiving just our drinks. I ordered an ice tea which my mother ordered upon my visit previously. The presentation then was so beautiful and I was looking forward to it again, something I mentioned to our waiter. A few minutes later he returned with a diet coke and my tea. I know tea, I drink tea with breakfast lunch and dinner, and this was not good tea. It was bitter and over brewed and tasted like it had been sitting out for quite awhile. I let our waiter politely know, this seemed to annoy him further, and waited. Upon his return he carried the full presentation I had been expecting the first time! He then tells me without any hint of apology, "He didn't know where the tea bags were so he just gave you what the cooks were drinking." Then he just walked away! He didn't present the tea the way the other waiter had and he acted like getting served what the cooks were drinking was acceptable for 6 dollars! We proceeded to order the dates with sausage and marscapone and parmesan and honey for appetizers. These were both ok but I don't think we enjoyed them much wondering what type of kitchen they came out of. We each ordered just a pasta because our appetites were quickly being ruined by the continued attitude from our waiter. These were both very good, the bucatini and the tortellini were fresh and perfectly al dente. Once finished with our pastas I was still hoping to salvage the meal with my favorite part of my previous experience: the dessert cart. However, in an attempt to get us to spend more (which we would have had our waiter not been a jerk) we were handed the dessert menu instead. Each dessert was twice the price ($12-$14) as on the dessert tray ($6) plus we didn't get the fun of seeing all the beautiful desserts! We decided not to order anything due to overall disappointment with the experience. Once we said no to dessert our waiter did not utter a single word to us. I could not believe how rude and unprofessional he was. I guess he didn't think we had spent enough to care about our tip, so that at least saved me some money.Such high hopes, and I won't be back. So many other delicious places in Vegas with great service. Don't waste your money or your time unless you like being treated poorly.
1	Save your $$$!  There are much better places to enjoy a nice meal in Vegas.  We recently ate here for lunch and were very excited.  However, after spending over $200 for three people to have lunch and not feeling that there was anything special about our meal, our excitement quickly changed to regret.  The iced tea had zero flavor as did the meatballs. The salad was also boring and nothing special.  Stouffers makes a better lasagna.  Our waiter was somewhat rude and really didn't know much about the menu.  We ended up ordering dessert which actually was the best part of our meal and the only reason this review has one star instead of zero.  We had high hopes and actually had dinner reservations there for the next night.  However, after lunch was so disappointing, we quickly canceled those.  I guess we should've known... never trust a skinny cook!I also forgot to mention that when we first got to the restaurant, it was not crowded at all.  The hostess tried to seat us in a corner and we asked for a better table next to the window.  She acted like we were really putting her out and was very annoyed.  She did end seating us at a table with a better view, but it did have water stains and dirty silverware.  I guess that's the price of a better view!  Like I said, save your $$$!
5	My husband and I went there for dinner recently and had one of the best meals we have ever had in Vegas. We arrived a little early for our 7pm reservation but the restaurant was packed already. So while we waited we enjoyed taking photos in the photo booth. When we were seated, everything that was brought to our table was absolutely delicious. We ordered the chicken cacciatore for two along with a side of baked mashed potatoes.  We were too stuffed for dessert but we'll know for next time to save room.
5	First time here. Came with a group of 6. We shared 4 appetizers: mushrooms, stuffed peppers, chicken meatballs and beef meatballs: 1 pizza sweet ricotta; grilled cheese and two kinds of pasta.  We were stuffed and got to try so many different items. All if those were delicious. I recommend sharing. The wait staff was very friendly and was very helpful in recommending items. Beautiful setting overlooking the strip.
2	* Nice dining room. The Lunch service's music is not what you would expect though, Janice Joplin and Italian food don't really go together in my opinion. What was disappointing about the food was the lack of selection for vegans. I'm not saying everywhere should or would have a selection, but I picked this place because the website specifically listed that it was vegan friendly "Vegan, gluten-free or dairy-free? Not a problem, just let your server know and they'll guide you through the menu options or whip you up something special, house-made gluten-free pasta included!" When I told my server that I was vegan she asked me "how vegan" and then tried to tell me that this or that dish only had " a little bit of cheese". In the end I received the child size plain marinara pasta dish that left me still hungry and waiting for my friends to finish their lunches. If you don't have vegan options or don't want to put in any effort- please do not mention vegans on your website.
4	Over the Thanksgiving weekend, the mad Russian and I went to visit my sister in Las Vegas and had to try to the new restaurant in town. We had a little time to kill so we went down to the casino and won some money, so the night was starting in the right direction.We were seated promptly and had a choice table by the windows. Our waiter, Joseph came straight away and offered us a specialty cocktail menu from which we decided on 3 Blue Velvets. Beautiful to look at and somewhat sweet for my tastebuds but good none the less. The decor is very nice and the restaurant is not loud at all. The waitstaff was very attentive and had all the plates cleared and kept the water glasses full. We ordered a shrimp pizza, veal chop, bucatini and a side of mushrooms. All were presented beautifully and came out hot. I'd offer another half to one star, but after dessert and coffee, our bill came and we were charged for food we ordered and wanted but did not get to try since it hadnt been delivered. Upon pointing out the mistake, our waiter corrected our bill very courteously and apologized for the oversight. Overall, we had a great meal and would come back on a future visit.
3	The calamari and shrimp appetizer was absolutely amazing, as was the bread they bring out. Everything else was just okay. I had the surf and turf and it was just so salty I had to take a drink with every bite. With a good cut of steak you shouldn't need much salt at all. I'd go there again for drinks and appetizers, but not dinner.
3	We were really looking forward to visiting Giada while in Vegas. When we arrived at 6:50 for our 7:00 reservation we were told that it would only be a few minutes till our table was ready. Unfortunately they did not seat us until 7:20 which I could look past barbecue we had fun in the photo booth in the lobby. I had requested (a month in advance) a window seat looking out to the Strip, but we were escorted to a table next to the bar away from the main dining room. I asked if they were able to honor my request and they said that the restaurant was full and we would have to wait another 30-40 minutes to be seated over there by the windows. We declined since it was already 7:30 at this point and were all hungry. Fast forward to the service: Our waiter was very nice yet slightly disconnected and informed us to stick with the cocktails on the iPad and not to venture off. The food came out fast and was very good overall and very inventive as you would expect from a Giada "crafted" Menu. When it came time for desert we were told we would have to wait about 10 minutes for the cart to come over so we could see the daily offering which at first I thought it was a really cool concept. What wasn't cool is after waiting 10 minutes the cart came over looking very sparse with very little to choose from. We picked a few items out and felt very underwhelmed with the taste compared to the looks. Overall we had an OK experience. Perhaps it was to early on and they were working out the bugs. We will be back to give it another try but I really hope they nail it.
2	I really wanted to like this place, because I think that she is adorable.   It was on the pricey side for very simple food.  I was expecting more complex menu revelations, butt it was very basic stuff.
4	Excellent food, impeccable service and gorgeous decor. They were so kind to congratulate us for our anniversary that they even went to write it on our dessert. It's a bit overpriced but I guess you get what you pay for and here it's pretty close to perfection.
3	Something to be said about the food. I dined here this evening 12/19 and was wondering what all the hype was about. The food is what the hype was about. I enjoyed with the table the buratta, prosciutto, and octopus apps. All fantastic those were. Entrees included mustard crusted rack of lamb and lobster ravioli which were both to die for. Dessert I had the molten lava cake which was good as expected. Now for what was to be desired was the service. We were seated promptly and the wait staff at first was very helpful in letting us know about the restaurant. We had our reservation for 5:00pm and failed to realize on how much the service standard declined when they were busy. The entire dinner took almost 2 1/2 hours as a result. We placed out order apps took around 20-25 min then entrees around 45-50 min. I actually caught myself checking the time on how long it had been since we had placed our order. The only other thing I noticed is that when the place got busy our waiter seemed to disappear. I waited for 20 min for my drink to be refilled and then the last time I asked for a refill they didn't even bring it back by the time I left 20 min later. Point: Food is good as I expected it to be. The kitchen is doing it right. The FOH however has left little to be desired. This is the reason for the 3 stars.
5	We went for lunch. It started off shaky. We got to our reservation 25 minutes early, but they said they couldn't seat us until the time, so we left and came back on time. We still had to wait ten minutes after our reservation before we were sat. After seating we waited 10 more minutes and no one came by. No drinks, no menus, nothing. Not starting off to a good start. However they made up for it. The food was phenomenal!! The Gorgonzola  and mushroom anti pastas were amazing. The sausage pizza was good. The dessert, which was on the house for the wait was our of this world. Calling it the cookie plate did not do it justice. You get two of each: lemon ricotta, chocolate chip, and my favorite the chocolate peanut butter with blackberry jam.
5	Woot woot! Another one of the few places I would give a five star rating to. Decided to go here because I am a fan of Giada and what better way to show appreciation than to check out her first restaurant?! All I have to say is that the food, service, and experience was one of the best, and I'm not just saying that. Been to quite a few places so trust me on this one.I went here with some friends to celebrate both a birthday and surviving a semester of medical school. We made our reservation about a month in advance and the earliest time we got was 9:45 p.m. Parking is pretty confusing to find and we ended up in the confusing and super shady Linq parking structure. We arrived late, but they were also running behind schedule so we didn't get seated until 10:30ish. Waiting usually bothers me, but there was a photo booth that you must check out. It kills time and is a great way to get a little FREE souvenir because you can print out photo strips!!!The food was pretty awesome. I ended up ordering Giada's signature dish of lemon spaghetti which seems so plain, but it was one of the best pasta dishes I have ever eaten. I was finally able to appreciate good pasta and experience what true al dente is like. You must give this place a shot at least once. The pasta had some firmness and chewiness that was just so novel to me. You get two huge pieces of shrimp which was so tasty and light since they were not drenched in sauce. The capers were a weird addition to the dish, but they kept things interesting with their strong taste. You also get free bread so check out my photos to see what that's like. I also ordered a molten chocolate lava cake which was way too sweet for me so I didn't finish it. The sauce they gave was pretty interesting because it had such a unique citrus taste to it. The whole experience was just awesome and it was nice to have a terrace view of the strip while dining. Our server was really nice and helpful. He made us feel at home and made sure we knew what we were ordering and was honest about the portion sizes of the dishes. Definitely a big plus in my book. Most waiters would just try to make you order the most expensive items on the menu.Again, check this place out if you ever get the chance. Just don't come here super hungry, unless you have serious cash to burn, then by all means go for it.
5	We stopped in for lunch having never been here and found the staff pleasant and friendly.  Our server William did a great job getting me to try something new too.  On a personal note I have a son who has known since he was 4 he wanted to be a chef.  When I inquired if the chef would sign a menu for him, they did that And brought over a picture too!  So kind of them to inspire the next generation!
1	I highly recommend not going to this restaurant. The entrees are overpriced, and you get an incredibly small portion (enough for an appetizer maybe). I ordered the rigatoni vegetable bolognese. My girlfriend and I both thought this entree tasted pretty bland. Additionally, the waitress told me that this entree would fill me up, but I left the restaurant hungry. $28 for a vegetarian pasta dish too small to fill a child. My girlfriend ordered the crab and scallop risotto, which she enjoyed, but she didn't think the food was mind blowing. She also felt her entree was way too small and unsatisfying, especially for the price tag. Also, my water glass went untilled for a long time and was never refilled. We almost went to Mesa Grill over this place, and we really wish we had.
4	Oh good ole Giada's.  This place is legit and off the hook. This is a must try if you like Italian food. Fresh noodles, high quality cheeses, great service.... Amazing. The Orzco Meatballs... Soft meat and the sauce was super good. Great flavors. Baked Pasta of the Day: Lasagna- this little portion of lasagna was good! It had mushrooms in it and the noodles tasted adente. Definitely worth the $24 Pasta Carbonara- very standard carbonara. Pizza- the dough was so light and the cheese was so stringy. UGHHH I wanted to eat all of it. Soooooo good. Get the pizza. Sliders- these were the highlight for me. The meat was tender. The red pepper jam was amazing. These fried zucchini fries were soooooo good!!! Ahhhhh I wanted to eat all the sliders! Dessert- the lemon cookies and the peanut butter chocolate cookies. Ok. Seriously.... These stupid cookies are SOOOOOO GOOD!!!! Different than all the other cookies I've had. It's so good. Great place to eat! Must eat.
1	bad Vegetarian food... I didn't like anything. I wish they had some kind of Veg Pasta.
4	I would give the Food 5 stars. We had a reservation at 8:15 on Christmas Eve of all nights so we weren't Surprised that they told us they were running 10-15 mins behind. We decided to get a drink at the bar while waiting. The Bar Chairs are very comfortable. Our Bartender Rob was super knowledgable, friendly and gave us great service. I started with a french 77 that was made to perfection. I kept seeing a drink that came up a lot. I asked about it and Rob said it was the Barbarella. He listed off the ingredients and I immediately told him that I HATED Gin. He said Id love this drink and because he was so confidant I tried it.. Loved it! The only Gin drink I have ever liked! Well, by this time it was 9pm. 45 mins into our reservation so we went to the front and we were assured we were up next. 5 mins later we were escorted to the tiniest table in the whole place with no view. The restaurant is lovely but this is an unacceptable table. We decided to eat at the Bar because it is actually much more comfortable. We ordered the Risotto and Ravioli. Both Amazing! We ordered Lemon Meringue for dessert. It is packed with flavor! Too good to get a picture of it. All in All I would recommend the restaurant but only because Rob made the experience memorable.
3	My wife and I were really looking forward  to this new experience, but were  somewhat  disappointed. Had reservations and still had to wait 35 minutes to be seated. Food was nothing to brag about. Good ambiance. Not a very good value.
1	To tell you the truth we didnt get in. We called to make reservation (ph on webpage) and guy told us to walk in. Rude lady at entrance sent us away, said its been booked for a month and was unapologetic about our misleading ph call, said we probably dialed wrong. Totally unacceptable. Very disappointed... sharing this with all my LA friends
5	Hands down one of the best restaurants I have been to in a while. I love the attention to detail down to the cutlery, food presentation, and glassware. I was in the area to check out The Cromwell Boutique Hotel and was hungry for some breakfast. You ascend the escalator to the main entrance of Giada. The hostess was extremely nice and pretty too. After looking at the menu, I was hooked. I ordered the Breakfast Contadina, which consisted of two eggs served any style, crispy polenta cakes, wilted spinach, oven roasted tomatoes, and toast. I ordered egg whites in particular. The meal was really good and healthy. My waitress, Molly, was very polite and attentive. I really enjoyed the entire culinary experience at this place. This place is quite small and intimate, but yet, if you manage to get a table by the window, you can get an amazing view of the strip from the NE corner block of Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd.
5	My first time back since its been completely re done (casio/hotel portion). Ambiance is very nice, setting great and view is just awesome. Went for brunch/late lunch, food was great. Would love to go back for dinner.
1	I went here for dinner to celebrate my 50th birthday with 4 friends. They called 4 times to confirm the reservation on the day of the reservation. I had requested a table near a window but was seated in the middle of the restaurant with no apology or explanation. The waiter explained that we should order something from all 4 courses in order to have enough food. We ordered appetizers and then an entree. I ordered the veal chop. On then second bite I felt something cut my tongue. I then pulled out of my mouth a piece of serrated plastic. I called the waiter over who called the manger over. At this time my mouth was bleeding so they decided to call the hotel security and EMS. Over the next 2 hours I was questioned about what happen, filled out paper work and was basically left with no food. I was never offered another meal. The table was offered free desert and coffee. When it came time to pay I was given a check as well as all the members of my party for everything minus the veal chop. I was there celebrating my birthday but instead spent almost 2 hours  with security and EMS at my table.  my party got up and left with nothing else said to me. Why I still had to pay over 80 dollars and never had dinner is hard to understand. The customer service is terrible. I would not recommend going to eat here. If Giada had any class and cared she would have reached out to me to extend her apology. I still have the piece of plastic and wonder what it was from. Please do not support this business .
2	Beautiful restaurant (but you sort of expect that in Vegas) and a pretty decent view of the Bellagio water show from the main room, though partially obstructed by a walkway overpass. Other than the setting and service, I can't say I was very impressed. If it weren't for her name being all over the place I don't think this restaurant would be as successful.For apps we went with the charred octopus which was quite tender, some wonderful burrata with balsamic salt, and a salumi plate.Pasta dishes being what Giada is famous for, we decided to order a few of her classics and forgo the entrees as they didn't seem very interesting or appetizing. As she is also known for her dramatic pronunciation of pastas, it was funny to see the pronunciations spelled out on the menu. After much deliberation, we ordered the "spah-geh-tee," the "ree-ZOHT-oh," and the "tohr-teh-LEE-nee." The risotto was hopelessly undercooked and underseasoned with the crab and scallops very sparse. The spaghetti was okay, but this was supposed to be "the" dish. The massive prawns that accompanied the pasta weren't very warm but were clearly overcooked. I enjoyed the tortellini with kabocha squash and crispy prosciutto most--maybe because it was drenched in brown butter.My wife is a fan of Giada and has a couple of her cookbooks (we even attended a book signing), but from now on we'll stick to making the dishes ourselves. They turn out better that way and are a hell of a lot cheaper.
5	Wow. Much fancy. Good food, but pricey. Waitress was awesome and looked like Katy Perry. Had breakfast and stayed for the lunch menu. Both meals were excellent. If only Giada was there...
5	This place is amazing! I've only been here for lunch, and can't wait to be here for dinner.Appetizers:Our party of 10 people decided to do antipasti sampler platters and share (great idea) which were all very tasty. We also had a couple pizzas which were delicious. Entree:The muffuletta was very meaty and flavorful and the side of zucchini scapecce was awesome. The lemon pesto grilled cheese sandwich was very good too! The sandwiches were good sized portions and delicious. Everyone was very happy with their meal and the service impeccable! Dessert:Out of all of the desserts on our table, I got to say the "Zeppoles" were the best... They are small doughnuts with chocolate drizzle  ;)Try it! You'll love it!
4	Most of the reviews about this place are pretty accurate. The food is amazing. The wait time is a little long. The view, if you can get a window seat, is beautiful. Our waitress was so nice and extremely helpful. My husband and I ate here on Christmas day and the place was packed. I doubt you will get in without a reservation. We initially got seated in the back by the bar but we asked the hostess to move us by the window and she did. The wait time was a little long but I think it's because the place is crazy busy. It did take us awhile to get some bread. We ordered some wine and the mozzarella to start. It was delicious! The appetizer menu is huge so there are a lot of options. My husband ordered the surf and turf and he says it's one of the best things he's ever eaten. I ordered the risotto with the scallops. The risotto was a bit too buttery for me but if you like your risotto creamy and buttery you will like it. The scallops were cooked just right though, seared on the outside but soft when you cut into it. Perfect! The crab inside the risotto was very flavorful but not too overpowering. I would definitely recommend it. We would eat here again and I recommend this place but make a reservation! Also, order some appetizers because there are wonderful options and the main dishes are not very big so you will not get stuffed. Enjoy!
5	OK, so I usually am very picky about Italian food and feel many of the celebrity chef restaurants in Vegas are completely overrated, but the wait to get a reservation for this place is completely justified....one of my new favorite places period. Went for brunch, had the lobster Benedict which was cooked perfectly with a very light sauce. Also had the Pannetone French toast which was undoubtedly the best French toast I've ever had. They have a very interesting cocktail menu, I had a drink w/ Tanqueray 10, ginger beer and basil foam which was absolutely fabulous ( can't remember the name).Service was on point and the decor was simple, beautiful and comfortable. can't wait to go back for dinner!!!
5	I will come back to Vegas just to eat here.  Fantastic food.  The bread is delicious, but don't fill up on it!  Server-recommended cocktail was spot-on.  Had the bone-in veal chop and it was terrific.  Lots of flavor, tender veal, just amazing.  Service was excellent and the view is terrific as well.  Totally worth making a reservation a month in advance.
5	It was Christmas morning and we wanted something nice so we decided to visit Giada for breakfast. From the elevator or stairway entrance, everything was absolutely beautiful. We were greeted with a smile by the two hostess and waited just enough time to get into the Giada photo booth and snap a couple of photos for keepsake. We were then escorted to our table. Once we walked into the dining room, we were in awe. The dining room, to no surprise, was stunning. The view of the strip and along side Flamingo Road, there was frankly no bad seat in the restaurant.  Everyone we can into contact with greeted us with a smile and everyone, despite it being Christmas, seemed like they truly enjoyed working there.After getting situated our server, Rebecca, made a timely entrance with an introduction and made mention of several items on their Christmas menu, she also excited us with the house made Bloody Mary's, which we ordered.  Breakfast was perfect! We ordered items from the Christmas menu along with the daily menu: The Breakfast Contadina and Polenta en Cocotte. Prepared perfectly taste wise and portion wise for breakfast.  Our water cups were always filled and everyone seemed to work beautifully together. Breakfast was without a hitch not just with us, but every guest that dined there that day.The only thing we regret was that we weren't back for dinner that same night. We will definitely return for the impeccable service and the overwhelming positive reviews that were written on dinner. The bar is set pretty high with just breakfast, hopefully it will be just as great, if not better with dinner. Can not wait!Bravo!
5	From the moment you arrive to the moment you leave the impeccable style of the owner and chef envelopes you like a warm cashmere sweater. The ambiance is elegant but homey and the tasting menu is well balanced.the wine list is not extensive but very well chosen. The desserts are incredible and room should be saved for them. This has been a wonderful culinary experience worth all of 5 stars! Do not miss it!
4	Lunch at Giada's is about $15-$25 a dish. Decor and ambiance is super warm colors with large window that view the strip and everything labeled with her name. I thought their service team all had adorable uniforms. I ordered a little of everything to try but my favorite was the Tubetti (Carbonara) for its nice clean flavors (practically licked off the plate), Giada's Red wine sangria (yummy and great presentation) and the pasta of the day, lasagna. Things that were okay were the orso meatballs and muffuletta sandwich. Meatballs just didn't have a wow factor and for the sandwich maybe a different bread would be my suggestion. The overall look and feel is perfection. Elena and Eddie were a great team. The food came out slow but then again we did go on the Saturday after Christmas so it was packed. I would love to try more things so yes I will return!!
3	This is not what I imagined at all. The ambience was lounge like rather than a nice intimate setting. Overpriced for what you receive and overall quality was AVERAGE. We ordered Antipasta and main courses and they simply did not WOW us. The wine list was not very good for reds.  Service was not great at all - waited extensively after each interaction.  I do not recommend this place - go to Prime, Mortons or Lavo instead and you will be much happier.
3	It was okay. Was expecting more, since it's so hard to get a reservation.  Nice ambience.
4	This is my second time here. The first time, I came with friends and everything that we ordered were just awesome.  This time I came here with my husband.   He's been wanting to come since I told him how great my first experience was.  I was able to get a reservation for two online.  I felt lucky cause it's really hard to get a table here.  You have to really book way in advance. We ordered the following as appetizers: grilled octopus,  anchovies over toasts and oysters. Everything was delicious; however,  we were a little disappointed with the oysters because it wasn't fresh. One was still frozen which was unexpected at a restaurant of this quality. For the entree, we ordered the spaghetti with shrimp, lemon and basil and the farrotto with creamy porcini mushrooms, brussels sprout leaves, pomegranate and pecorino tartufo. Both were absolutely delicious even though the farrotto was a bit rich.All in all,  we would come again but probably won't order the oysters unless it was cooked like an oyster rockefeller.Make sure to rsvp in advance. Enjoy!
2	Dimn lighting and large windows with a great view of the strip adds to the warm ambiance, but the loud music that was being played was out of place. I would have preferred classical or at least Italian music vs what was played which was modern pop and r&b music. Their motto was 'eat a little bit of everything, and not to much of anything' which probably explains why the portions were extremely tiny. I ordered the salmon which was delicious BUT was still hungry afterwards. The waiter had told us that the desserts were share-able -so my boyfriend and i ordered a Lemon bunt cake to share- but we were surprised to see a tiny sliver of cake that we ate with literally 3 bites -and that was around $13. On top of that, the waiter spilled our cream (for coffee) and never cleaned it up, and broke a few glasses while walking around our table. It was extremely over priced for the amount you receive (one cup/coffee was $6-and refills are NOT free).It was a shame that we couldn't decide what to tip our horrible waiter; a charge of $61 was added to our bill of over $400 for his tip!over priced, tiny portions and horrible service But ambiance and the view were beautiful.
1	This place was a huge letdown.  Made a reservation through their front desk hostess and specified Sunday brunch, 11:00.  Based on Giada's website,  which I checked again before going that morning, it reads "Breakfast and lunch daily 9:00-2:15pm".  Neither menu posted on their website specified a time differential for each.  We showed up 15 minutes early for the reservation and they made us wait until 11 to be seated, even though less than half the restaurant was full.  When we were seated we were only given a lunch menu.  After 15 minutes of waiting at the table,  I grabbed a passing hostess and asked her for the breakfast menu.  She said they stopped serving breakfast at 11:00  so I asked for our waiter.  He finally showed up 5 minutes later and said he would check with the manager.  She came over and said breakfast was not available after 11:00 so I reminded her of their website menus/times posted and she said she checked with chef and he said there were no more breakfasts left (are they making them in advance?  or they ran out of eggs?  either way it's not so good).  She did apologize and brought us some free Prosecco's.  Our waiter finally appeared a second time to give us some water, 25 minutes after we were seated, so we placed our full order right away as we feared we may never see him again.  The food was just ok and overpriced even for a strip restaurant.  I had to grab a passing busboy for a to-go box and again later to ask for our check because our waiter was NEVER around.  Have to say their service was the worst I've experienced in town.
1	Ripped Off At Giada! Let me start by saying that I never even bothered to eat at the restaurant after my experience at the bar. Four of us sat down for a cocktail before dinner. We ordered two Vodka with juice on the rocks, a beer and a margarita. When we got the bill we were charged 14.00 per vodka drink with an additional 3.00 charge per Vodka for "The Rocks"? I asked what that charge was and he said it is always more for "on the rocks" in Vegas. I have been to Vegas hundreds of times and two of my friends with us live in Vegas. We said we NEVER heard of a 3.00 per drink charge for "on the rocks"! We asked if we had ordered the Vodka and not said on the rocks would he have given us ice? We also asked if we ordered w/out ice would it cost less. He could not answer except to say that is how it is in Vegas! I was so frustrated by his stupid explanation and bewildered look we just left and vowed NEVER to eat there. Later that night we told some other Vegas locals about it and they shared a horror story as well about there recent experience at Giada. They had 8:00 Pm reservations and arrived at 7:59. The hostess told them they were backed up and to go get a drink and come back in 30 minutes. The bar in the restaurant is tiny so they had to go downstairs to get a drink. The crowds were busy and by the time they got their drinks it was time to be seated, the hostess told them they can't bring the drinks in from outside. They told the hostess she told them to go get the drinks, she said sorry either leave the drinks or gulp them down but you can't bring them in. It was 80.00 worth of drinks! They guzzled them down and were seated and waited FOREVER to be served and all they had to say was the food was fair at best, the service poor and the prices way too high!BTW.. I have never given a 1 star review before, I am NOT the angry kind of customer and generally only leave good reviews of places I enjoy. This experience aggravated me so much I had to tell it like it is.
3	I was so excited to celebrate my birthday weekend with a lunch at Giada. My boyfriend and I got reservations for Sunday afternoon. We arrived right on time and were promptly seated in a table by the window. It was a little sunny but manageable. But then we waited a good ten minutes before anyone came over to greet us or give us water so that was a bummer of a way to start.But we shrugged it off and moved on to ordering. We started the meal with an order of burrata cheese. It might be my favorite thing we ate there. It was super fresh, really creamy and went very well with the pizza dough bread basket. In addition we had an order of chicken marsala meatballs - also very tasty but a touch on the dry side.For our main meal we ordered a muffaletta sandwich and a carbonara pizza. The sandwich was loaded with different kinds of meat and it was served with shoestring zucchini, which was kind of like French fries. I really enjoyed the zucchini and the sandwich was tasty as well. While we were enjoying our sandwich we expected the pizza to come out but it never did! I asked our waiter about it and told him we didn't want it anymore. He just said he'd check on it and then came back with the pizza. Which I guess was good but we did say we didn't actually want it anymore so I felt like he didn't listen. They did take it off the bill however, so that was nice.I was also a little surprised that even though they knew it was my birthday (it was noted with the reservation and the hostess wished me a happy birthday) that we didn't get anything special like a little dessert. I guess they don't do that like some other places. Overall I'd say the food was pretty good and I loved the ambiance but the service was mixed.
1	My family and I had lunch at Giada this past Saturday. Despite hearing mixed reviews, I was excited to check it out. I mean, that view, Italian food and bright-eyed Giada backing it? This is going to be awesome! Everything seemed promising when we arrived - cute photo booth (win!), no wait for our table (we made reservations) and a great booth near the windows. And a super friendly waiter to boot. Alas, it was all downhill from there. After a lengthy explanation from our waiter about how Giada encouraged family sharing, (I mean, it's on her lampshades as was pointed out to us), we drank the kool-aid and decided to order her intended-for-sharing antipasti plates. They came out in laughably minuscule portions. Unless your family hates food, these sharing plates are NOT family sized by any means. Look, we're not a heffer-sized family. But $14-$20 For a tiny ramekin of mushrooms and an even smaller portion of meatballs?! Nope.com. Fine, lesson learned. Onto the main..Tragically, not great either. I ordered the sweet onion carbonara - I love me a good carbonara and this just wasn't it. Lukewarm and small-portioned. Pancetta, cream, onions and tube pasta. Call me a purist, but throw in a pea or two. At least pretend like you tried. The actual plate was hotter than the dish. My husband ordered the lemon pesto grilled cheese. Dry, lukewarm and small portioned. (The fried zucchini fries on the side saved the dish.)  but the lobster roll that my dad ordered was delicious. Rich and decadent. (Or it could be that we were all starving so we descended on the poor man's lobster roll like a walking dead hoard.)Giada has these giant yard-long pepper shakers that they use tableside to much bravado. I don't mind it- it's The Vegas touch. The irony being that none of that badly needed seasoning made it to our table. Our waiter disappeared and I had to flag down another waiter who annoyedly grabbed pepper ( right next to our table) and hurriedly serviced our table. Look, I don't like to write mean reviews, but when you already know you're going to pay a premium at "celebrity" restaurants in Vegas, then those restaurants should try to make an effort to earn your cash. We went to a bunch of restaurants that weekend (Mizumi at Wynn, DB Brasserie at Venetian, Twist at Mandarin Oriental)- and they all far outshined Giada.I like you Giada - you're cute, you make good food on TV and although you way overpronounce your Italian words sometimes (you're Italian, we get it.), you're likable. Just wish your restaurant was as likable.
3	We came here for lunch, and the place was packed. Luckily, we had a reservation. This review is only for lunch because the dinner menu is slightly different.  The food gets 3.5 stars overall.  Our table ordered the Gorgonzola pizza with kale and mushroom, the sweet ricotta pizza, the carbonara pasta, the tenderloin sliders, and the muffuletta sandwiches with the fried zucchini. The bread and pesto sauce that came with our meals were delicious, best part of the meal. The tenderloin sliders were very tender and flavorful. The other dishes were average.  Honestly, the pizzas tasted similar to California Kitchen Pizza's, except Giada's crust was much better.  The carbonara pasta dish is small.  I did not like Giada's version of this pasta dish.  The muffuletta sandwiches tasted good, but the bread was a bit too tough and chewy. The fried zucchini side dish that came with the sandwiches was light and perfectly seasoned. For desserts, we ordered the Italian donuts, the gelato, and the crostata. They were also average.  Maybe their dinner dishes will be better.
5	I stayed at the Cromwell Hotel last week, and ate at Giada's three times, it was that good. You have priority seating without a reservation if you stay in the hotel. The service was impeccable. Food was thoughtful and delicious. They gave us a complimentary drink to celebrate being the best new restaurant in Vegas. They even have an option of shaving black or white truffles on top of your pasta. Make a reservation and sit back and enjoy amazing food with attention to detail at every turn.
5	If you're willing to pay, this is the place to eat!Came here to celebrate two birthdays and we made reservations months in advance.Coming up the escalator into the restaurant and you already knew it was going to be an upscale restaurant. Since we made reservations, we had no wait. But, there's a photo booth on the left side of the entrance that's free that you can take advantage of if there's a long wait!We walked in and we were seated right away. The waiter and waitresses were really nice and the manager of the restaurant even came to say hello and check up on our party of 8. The ambiance of the place was lounge like with romantic lighting. When you walk into the restaurant, you can see some of the cooking. Even the bathrooms were nice as the napkins to wipe your hands had the G logo on them. Oh, Giada.I got the Spaghetti with the shrimp, lemon & basil for $34. Never have I ever expected to pay so much for spaghetti. When I first got the entree I thought it was sooo small. But it was actually veryyy filling! It came with three shrimps and they were HUGE, fresh and delicious. All in all, great food and a classy experience. Definitely on the pricey side but if you're really to drop $50+ per person (just for an entree), this is a place to wine and dine in Vegas.
5	Eight of us went to Giada's in Las Vegas for dinner and it was a fabulous experience. First class all the way from atmosphere, service to food and drinks. Everything we ordered tasted so good and it was all we were hoping for. Highly recommend her restaurant, will definitely go there again!
4	My mom and I had dinner here recently and really enjoyed it.  I did make a reservation several weeks in advance but easily got the time I wanted.  We were sat in a back corner near the windows but it was actually nice back there.  More quiet than the main dining space.  The view of the strip is awesome.  You can see the Bellagio fountains right next store.We started with drinks.  I just had a basic Ginger Ale but my mom had a Bombay Sapphire and tonic.  I think they make their own ice or get it from some place special as the ice was perfectly square cubes.  Really cool.  My mom's drink was strong so that was good too.For our appetizers, I had the Tricolore salad and my mom had the minestrone soup.  My salad was delicious.  Lots of great flavors on it from different lettuces and toppings.  Nice vinaigrette on top.  My mom really enjoyed her soup.  It had a parmesan crisp on top that was her favorite part. For our entrees, I had the scallop and crab risotto and my mom had the lemon shrimp spaghetti.  We both enjoyed our entrees.  The scallops were perfectly cooked.  The crab was mixed into the risotto.  My mom thought the shrimp were a bit over-cooked but she liked their flavor.  I would say though that for the prices you pay here, we should have gotten more scallops and shrimp in our entrees.  Prices are very expensive but Giada is a celebrity chef so you expect it.  I would say portions are a little small for the cost but the food is tasty.  I definitely will be back.Our waiter and assistants were very attentive and came around often.
5	As always the food is on point and delicious, can't go wrong with brunch or dinner! The food is remarkable and so is the chef that created the menu. The only thing I have to say needs some work is the service. After being seated and the drink orders go in, we had to wait about 10-15 mins before our drinks get brought over and then the server takes our food. Mind you it wasn't busy. Then after you get your meal you won't see the waiter for about a half hour...until he finally comes over...with the check. Other than that, good thing I savor the food.
2	The restaurant is beautiful. The hostess was friendly.  The food was ok & very small portions for the price & quality. I barely remember what I ordered... lasange.... & it was just ok not fabulous which it what I had expected. The service was disjointed and slow. One of our orders came 10" after everyone else's and another had meat on it when supposed to be a vegan dish. The waiter barely took time to stop by our table to check on us and we had to flag him down to point out our missing food & the vegan issue. We ordered desserts but again had to get the waiter's attention.  The check came about 20" AFTER having to get the waiter's attention and ask him for it. We wanted to do a lunch there, not spend the afternoon!  Perhaps it will get better with time but right now, it is over priced and under organized. I'm hoping it will as I love watching Giada  on the various TV shows and truly love her recipes. I plan to give it another try in a few months assuming reviews are positive.
2	Typically I would write a detailed review, but I'm too tired and too annoyed with getting suckered into trying restaurants based on raving reviews that are completely over-hyped and off the mark. Here is Giada in two words: over-priced and mediocre. If you can't get reservations to this place (we tried for 6 months before getting in) don't feel bad - you are missing nothing!!!
2	Buyer beware! I was really looking forward to dining here after being a Giada fan for a long time but left very disappointed and very questionable I would ever be back. Food and service were extremely subpar especially given the prices. The best part was probably the ambiance -- it is a beautiful space overlooking the Strip. We went for lunch so the sun shining in the dining room was nice.We started with an order of the olives. They were supposed to be warm as noted on the menu but they were room temperature. Not a good way to start but the complimentary bread (it was like pizza crust) with pesto made up for it.We ordered:1. Carbonara pasta -- Probably the worst carbonara I have ever had. They should call is something else because it is nothing like the traditional Roman specialty. Before ordering I asked the server what the carbonara is like, whether it's eggy -- I always do this when ordering carbonara anywhere because so many restaurants butcher this dish -- and she said it's "very good with only a hint of cream and one of my favorite dishes on the menu." So I felt confident it was going to be great. Instead I got one of the smallest portions of pasta I have ever seen (more like an appetizer portion for $24!) that was barely warm in a bland cream sauce with a few specks of bacon or pancetta (there was so little of it I couldn't tell) and onion. Not at all what I had expected so I only had a few bites.2. Margarita pizza -- Barely any sauce or cheese. Tomatoes were sundried. Came out cold and pretty dry. Definitely not oven fresh.3. Lasagna -- This was the pasta of the day and definitely the best choice of the three entrees we ordered. That said it was a pretty generic lasagna and nothing special about it. Came with an arugula salad.After the dishes were served it took at least 15 minutes for anyone to come by to check on us. My husband had finished his pizza by the time the store manager happened to stop by as she was making her rounds. When I told her I was disappointed about my carbonara she immediately took action and the server came over to replace my dish. I asked for the soup instead (minestrone) -- I wanted something quick since everyone else was pretty much done with their meals --  which sadly again, was bland and very disappointing. To the restaurant's credit they addressed our situation with a lot of apologies and complimentary cookies which were delicious -- peanut butter chocolate, lemon ricotta and chocolate chip. Next time maybe I should skip the main meal and go back just for dessert.
4	I had lunch here with my family during the week. We made reservations a week in advance and when we arrived,  we were famished.  We ended up waiting half an hour past our reservation time. However, the hostess and or server apologized several times for the wait.  Knowledgeable servers, decent drinks,  and delicious food.  The portions are small in the tradition of European cuisine, so order some appetizers to share along with your entree.We had the kale and mushroom pizza antipasti. I had the G signature cocktail, and tenderloin sliders for lunch,  and was not disappointed. Finished off with the cappugiro and assorted cookie platter.Overall this was a fun dining experience with good food and a great ambience.  I'll have to come back for dinner sometime.
5	Giada's reservations were at 5:15, on New Years day 2015.   We were sat promptly in a non-window section.  It was still an elegant table, although a bit tight with the neighboring tables once they were filled. Bread board came with several dips (sea salt, olive oil, butter, pepper, and a couple others flavors. The freshly baked focaccia bread (served right in the pot) and cheese crisp bread were standouts and a very unique touch. Minestrone soup was good, nice flavors, but, I would recommend trying a salad as there just  wasn't enough soup in the bowl for me. It was also on the lukewarm side. Main course;  I ordered the Lemon Spaghetti and Shrimp.  The spaghetti was cooked perfectly, the lemon flavored sauce bended well with the shrimp.  Wife ordered the Char Broiled Filet Mignon which was also perfectly cooked.   We added the Roasted Cauliflower accompaniment, which to our surprise contained at least four different varieties of cauliflower, flavored subtly, but, very tasty.Overall I would rate this one of the better restaurants in LV.   We were happy with the food, ambiance, and even the price!
4	Service and decor were everything we expected Giada to offer.  I was nervous about the food as some of her recipes are a bit on the "safe" side and I make a lot of adaptations to them. However, we were blown away! The food was ahmazzzing! The table favorite was the soup, but everything was fantabulous!
4	Pricey, but all the food was delicious. Seemed like we had several different people throughout the night helping at our table. All were knowledgeable and kind. Definitely more for a special occasion. We went for NYE and it was $145pp for food and we did the wine pairings for $100pp just for an idea on prices.
1	Terrible/slow service, inaccurate hours listed on the website, poorly managed. We were looking very forward to trying this restaurant. We had made reservations for 12:45pm on the Saturday after New Years and had arrived early at 12:35. The hostesses were great and seated us quickly- even waiting for our friends to finish taking photos in the photo booth.Once seated our attentive food runner (wish we caught his name) filled our water and handed us our menus. We asked about the brunch menu and he informed us that the brunch hours and restaurant hours had been inconsistent for the past few months and although the website had clearly said brunch was served until 2pm, we were in fact too late.After perusing the menu for a few minutes and settling on the fact that we'd be having lunch there instead, we made our choices. Unfortunately, our waiter didn't approach us for 15 minutes. He finally came to greet us and apologized for the long wait and informed us that the kitchen was behind 30 minutes because the computers had crashed. We didn't see this as an reasonable excuse for the lack of service and left. The hostess could have easily warned us ahead of time. We had high hopes for the place, but ended up having brunch at Mon Ami Gabi and were completely satisfied as usual.
4	I wanted my first 2015 review to start off on the right foot and that's why I've been saving this one! We actually went last month for dinner. Definitely be sure to make a reservation way in advance if you're wanting anything between 6pm-8pm. And when I say in advance I mean months in advance. We booked about a month out and the only option we had was either 5pm or 9pm. Yes the service is slow. Our entire dining experience was 2 hours total. But that's what exactly this is, an experience. If you're looking for a quick in and out, this is not the place you want to be.Yes the portions do look small. However looks are very deceiving. Once you start eating, it is very hearty! In fact we had a difficult time finishing everything. And trust me, you want to finish everything because it's so good!Now onto the food:-COMPLIMENTARY CARBS: I have to say, these were so delicious! I could sit there and eat that all day. In fact we even asked to take it to go! Haha. There were 3 different types of bread that came with 3 different types of sides to put on. This here will definitely fill you up to try to control yourself!-LOBSTER ARANCINI: This was ok. Definitely tasted more of the breading than the actual lobster itself. Wouldn't recommend this.-PIZZETTE MORTADELLA: It was our fault for ordering this thinking the portions were small and that we weren't going to be full. This is a mini pizza but definitely skip this and save room for the main course. It was nothing special. Felt like lunch meat on puffed up pizza crust.-SPAGHETTI: Definitely get this! This was amazing. The size of the shrimp was literally the size of my hand. And it was cooked to perfection. Love the pasta since it was freshly made. Again the portion may look small when it's first brought out but I had to have my husband help me finish it.-SALMON: Definitely get this as well! Again cooked to perfection. The quality is that of sashimi. -ROASTED CAULIFLOWER: Various color of cauliflower, roasted just right. -GIADA SIGNATURE DRINK: They are definitely not stingy with the alcohol put into this. A beautiful drink. But not for me. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place. Get only one antipasti. A main dish per person. And I promise you your taste buds will thank you.
4	After much anticipation and waiting months for a reservation, we finally got in on Christmas Eve. Overall, the food was great, I loved the decor and little touches like the photo booth in the lobby. But our experience was dampened a bit by the less than stellar service, the 15 minute wait to seat us (after our reservation time) and the table we were seated at, which was right across the bar. I chalked it up to a busy holiday, but I had been soooo looking forward to eating here that I couldn't help but feel slightly disappointed. That being said, I would give them another chance :)Highlights:I love a good bread basket and their bread (and presentation) was excellentGrilled octopus and fritto misto were both really goodLobster ravioli was amazing (highly recommend!)Branzino was also really goodLemon meringue (waiter recommended) was just ok
1	Had a 2:15 reservation on jan 2.  When we showed up they said 30 min wait. Promised free wine, felt like beggars trying to get It.  Seated at 30 min. No bread basket.  Order taken.  30 min later a manager came by and said they were out of lasanga .  Ordered anther pasta, which was offered.  30 min later food came.  Pasta sauce tasted like it was out of a can and meal was warm almost cold. Sent all back and left very disappointed .  Worst meal we have ever had in Vegas.  Waitress was very apologetic but a manager didn't stop by.  Very poor management
5	If you can get in it is worth the wait and the price...The charred octopus was a highlight appetizer and the mediterranian sea bass called bronzino is fantastic...Try some of their cheese plates too...Terrific strip view and our waiter Brian was top notch and made us feel like we were family...
4	This stop is a gem on the strip. Situated on the second floor of the Cromwell hotel across Las Vegas Blvd from Caesar's Palace, The view is excellent. Depending on the time of day and your seating location you may even take in a view of the Bellagio fountain show. The service was a bit slow and we spent roughly 15 minutes there before anyone came to our table, but our server seemed to have a number of tables so we can certainly understand the delay. We were there for lunch and as this was a special occasion, we brought our own bottle of wine. The corking fee was a bit high (but not for Vegas prices) at $35, but it was still a steal considering that almost every wine on the list was an ultra premium wine. Once we ordered, our food came out exceptionally fast. We highly recommend the baked pasta of the day, the Buratta cheese (buffalo mozzarella), Baby Sweet Peppers and Marinated Olives. Our total dining experience lasted over 1 1/2 hrs. We were so fulfilled by the time we left. In the end, when our check came, we found that the corking fee was not on it. This may have been due to the fact that we bought so many dishes during lunch or maybe our overwhelmed server simply forgot, but we weren't complaining :) I would highly recommend Giada's for lunch!  All their food is fresh and homemade, which is somewhat rare these days, even on the strip.
2	We had a lunch reservation for Friday, January 2nd at 1:30 pm, and weren't seated until 2:20! It was a disaster. When we checked in, the hostess at the counter wasn't especially helpful and mentioned that they were running 20 - 25 minutes behind schedule. In their defense, they did bring out complimentary drinks to those waiting, but there wasn't enough seating, and as someone who is 9 months pregnant, it took a LONG time for them to eventually bring out some water. Which was fine (I didn't ask for it, after all), but I thought it a little odd that they weren't more aware of the crowd that was standing around waiting.When we were finally seated, I wasn't overly impressed with the food. The waitress informed us that the kitchen was extremely backed up, but we told her we had a flight to catch and the food came out in a fairly timely manner. The peppers to start were a little too sweet for my taste (it tasted very citrus-y to me), and my dining companion and I did NOT like the sweet ricotta pizza (with pink peppercorns...it tasted like a spicy dessert). That being said, we both really liked the Venetian panino and would order it again.The cookies to finish off the meal were delicious. Overall, I'm disappointed that a manager never made the rounds apologizing for the delay (like most 50-minute delays would warrant) , and that the food wasn't really worth waiting for. Hoping they get these kinks worked out, because the space is really, REALLY beautiful.
5	I Love this restaurant !The food was good and the service was great as well. I wish the portion size was larger the rose many bread I can eat all day the best part, Giada liked my picture!
4	After it's much anticipated opening, Giada's must be the most popular restaurant in Vegas right now.  My wife and I were in Vegas over New Year's, so we knew having dinner at Giada's would be tough.  We actually tried to make a reservation one night, but they were completely booked.  So, we decided to come early (around 11 a.m.) for lunch one day, and we only had about a five minute wait.  The decor of this restaurant is very nice, and it has a great view of the strip.  You can see all of the fresh ingredients being cooked right when you walk in the door.  I thought that was a cool design.As for the food and service, I would rate everything as being "good."  Not great, just good.  Our server was very informative about the menu, and answered any questions that we had.  There was one thing that really bugged me about this place.  Our server informed us that in order to get bread for lunch, you had to order some antipasti.  Seriously, I have to order something just to get some pizza dough bread??  So, since this was our first time here, we decided to order the Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese plate ($13).  The cheese, bread, and pesto/olive oil sauce were good, but the cheese was hard to eat because it had to be mashed up.  Go with a softer cheese if you like those.As for our main dishes, my wife ordered the Lemon Pesto Grilled Cheese with heirloom tomatoes ($16).  It came with these zucchini strips which looked like really thin french fries.  My wife commented that they were good, but were difficult to eat.  She also mentioned that her sandwich was good.  I ordered the pasta of the day, which just happened to be lasagna ($24).  I was told that it was a "traditional lasagna", but I've never seen eggplant in a traditional lasagna.  It was served in a small but deep dish, and came with a small arugala salad.  My dish was pretty good, but I've certainly had better lasagna at many other places.I most certainly love Italian food, and I thought Giada's was good, but I'd be lying if I didn't say that I've had much better Italian food at other restaurants throughout my life.  Just being honest.
5	Loved this place. Book in advance, so you can get a nice table. Portion size is small. So, if you're ordering the pizza, maybe order two. Lol. Flavors were on point. And the variety of food was great for Italian fare. Lunch consisted of small plates of antipasti, pizza, they had a secondi of paninis and pastas. And their cookie platter is amazing. Still thinking about the chocolate peanut butter cookies. Might have to buy her cookbook to make these.
4	We went to Giada for both dinner AND  breakfast the next day. The hostesses who greet you are very nice and are all dressed like little Giada's!!!! The restaurant itself is in a great location and very well done . they obviously put a lot of thought into the design and decor. Very pleasant atmosphere .Our server was very nice and attentive. We decided to try the stuffed peppers and the grilled Octopus for starters and The Chicken Cacciatore for two , with a side of broccolini. The Peppers were amazing and perfectly charred. The Octopus was good , not spectacular (its hard to find this done perfectly) The chicken cacciatore was DELICIOUS! it was done fried with a sauce on the side...together it was just so good. Broccolini was a perfect side...cooked nicely and seasoned well. The breakfast was also done very well. We had TWO VERY good meals here and will be back again!!
5	NYE dinner was a dream.The food was a dream and the service was very detailed.Beyond expectations, will visit again soon.
3	Went for lunch.  Food was decent.  Smaller portions than expected for an Italian restaurant. There were 5 of us and we ordered 4 appetizers, and we all ordered lunch.  Food was good, but not great.  Service was decent, and they gave us time to chat and enjoy each other's company.  Very nice atmosphere.
5	First off, BEST food in townSecond, Best View in town.Third, Best staff from top to bottom in townI took my family here for diner on New Years Day.  Best thing i did for the family on the whole trip.  We all ordered something different and i can say it all was great.  We ended up all sharing because each of us were sure we were eating the best dish ever.I would list the dishes but just trust me everything is great.The staff was first rate all the way,  From the hostess that sat us to the great server we had.  The server walked us thru the whole menu since it was our first time there.  Offered suggesting,  He had the answers to every question we could think of.  In the middle of our meal one of the managers, Avi Mishra came over to see how we were doing.  He was great. Check on everything ask us if we need or even wanted anything.  When we told him we were good.  He gave us his card and said if that changed to just ask for him and he would get it for us.  It was great to see a manager this hands on and someone who took pride in his job.  As we were leaving we ran into the GM.  Michael Speagle.  He again ask us how everything was.  We told him how great it had been and that this was our first time here but would be back.  He then took the time out to show us around the place.  Made us feel like an insider as he showed us how things were set up and how they made things.  It has been a long time since i have been out to eat where i have loved the food the atmosphere, and the whole staff all together.  I would like to thank Mr. Speagle for running such a place and for showing me that there is at least one great restaurant left in Vegas.  I will be back.
4	Had a nice time and really enjoyed the scallops.  Expected slightly more interesting flavor from a celebrity chef and really didn't appreciate the server recommending we order pasta as a starter because the portions were small.  We were full before we started and left with regaret that we wasted so much food.
5	I was dinning here with my boyfriend on January 1st. The service and food were excellent. We had the chicken for two and it was awesome!!! The chicken was very moist and tender. I definitely will go to this restaurant again when I am in town.
