4	This new Sam Fox restaurant opens on November 24 (OK, so they DO have one in Tucson, but it's new to us). We had the privilege of going to a Pre-Opening dinner to benefit the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. Essentially, all of the money we paid to attend went to CFF and Blanco essentially gave us an open tab at their restaurant. It was a complete dry run, so the entire menu was in play! First off, very friendly staff. We had to wait about 20 minutes for our table, but the bar was lively and, while crowded, it was still easy to stand around and enjoy your drink, with the house DJ also keeping the mood buzzing. If we had wanted to "hover" for a couch, their patio is filled with big blue couches and fire-pits, facing Scottsdale road. Their full menu is served on the patio (as well as the bar), but we decided that we'd wait for a booth inside. Once seated, or server made sure we were all set on drinks and walked us through the menu. We started by sharing a Roasted Chicken and Poblano Chile Crisp, which is essentially a little Mexican pizza. For a main course, I enjoyed the Fish Tacos, while the Seared Ahi Tacos and the Beef Enchiladas also graced our table. Not exactly earth shattering dining concepts, but there wasn't a bite of food left when it was all over. For desert, our server recommended that we try THREE different desserts, so we went with the Tres Leche (kind of an oat-ish interpretation, but good!), the Caramel Flan (excellent! and probably the largest hunk of flan I'd ever seen!) and finally, the Rich Chocolate Cake (very dense and a bit too chocolaty, even for me). All in all, a good meal, but what rockets this rating to 4-stars instead of a possible 3 were the margaritas. All the juices are fresh and they aren't too tart OR too sweet. And, while you didn't necessarily realize it by taste, there was enough tequila in them to put down a small horse. By my second margarita, there was no way I was driving home. We'll be back to Blanco soon, but next time we're hiring a driver!
4	Ate at Blanco last night.. very corporate and super accommodating.. we had a wonderful time which even surprised me.. stuck to the basics and thought it was the best of the Fox restaurants. Seeing that we've never had a good experience until last night says a lot. Was kind of cool seeing Sam Fox there actually quality controlling everything that was coming out of the kitchen.. though you know he was just annoying everyone, LOL!Had the short rib cheese crisp and you know what, it was actually crispy and good. Then tried the queso fundido con chorizo.. pretty darn tasty.. the cheese was slightly burnt on the bottom which I just love, wrapped in a warm flour tortilla, oh yeah! For dinner I ordered the machaca burrito.. is there such a thing as to much meat? I swear it was a whole beef roast wrapped in a tortilla.. the Mr had the green pork enchiladas.. I though those were very tasty but the sides were even tastier.. their rice is like risotto, very creamy! Helen Y was with us and she ordered the shrimp and crab civiche which I thought was extremely tasty though I would have loved it even more if it were on a toasted baguette! More like a shrimp and crab salad than a civiche though that's just me.. We ended with the tres leches cake.. this was a pretty dismal attempt at tres leches.. was so dense, chewy and sickening sweet. It was so sweet in fact it burnt my throat, pretty gross!What a great time! Blanco certainly has a fun open atmosphere and a fabulous patio with VERY comfortable seating out there.. you can order dinner up there instead of eating in the dining room which is very cool! Also, the staff was friendly and VERY attractive.. I think for me, this is the best of what Fox Concepts has to offer so far. Definite mass appeal.
2	I was pretty fired up to go here, but was let down by the food. My shrimp tacos were decent, but nothing special. The tuna ceviche was more like tartar than ceviche. The chips were good, but the salsa was not very spicy. All and all, it was a bland meal.
3	Blanco, a.k.a. exspensivo, is another of the Fox Concepts restaurants with "traditional" Mexican food, tacos, enchiladas, beans, rice, except with a "high end" and healthy ingredients. For example, the fish tacos are grilled Mahi instead of deep fried or the usual white fish.The staff wears funny striped shirts. The decor is modern and pretty cool, their colors and branding remind me of Tammie Coe Cakes.They have a good selection of tequila. And the food is just ok. If you want great Mexican food, I suggest finding the closest hole in the wall. You will feed two for the price of one at Blanco.Not that Blanco was no bueno, but for the price, it should be great.It is worth a try, though, so go and see for your self.
4	Bianco is a great place to go for a reasonably priced dinner with good ambiance and solid rendition of Mexican food.  Yup, there are holes-in-the-wall tacquerias with tastier food.  But Bianco is spot-on in terms of  overall concept with good service and modern furnishing. Puts this on a repeat list.
1	I am sorry, but did it say that Blanco serves Mexican food?  This is a disgrace.Lets just start by saying that my experience here was less than mediocre.  I usually find one thing wrong with a place and still give 4 stars.  This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.  (The hostess was the other 10%...very unpleasant...like I was bothering her to get seated....honey that is your JOB!)I met my lovely friend Karla for lunch...she recommended the place and I have been wanting to try it.  We both ordered the chicken tortilla soup to start and I ordered also the enchiladas with green chiles.The chicken tortilla soup was a catastrophe.  It was made with chicken broth with every vegetable you can think of, chicken, and WHOLE tortillas.  The tortillas were a soggy mess and the soup was just G-d awful.  The server (who was nice) had the manager come over and take it off my bill.  (Which was nice.)  The manager even said that my soup looked very unappetizing.Next was the enchiladas...first...I didn't know that enchiladas were supposed to be HARD and CRUNCHY!!!  It was greasy, the cheese was flat out disgusting...and they even put my green chiles on the side when I did ask them to put them in the enchiladas. (Which shouldn't be too hard) And on top of everything else, my rice was BUTTERED WHITE RICE!!!!  In a Mexican style Restaurant?  Are you kidding me?  And it was so unappealing...(this meal I had to pay for...)There was no Mexican flavor or feel at all in this restaurant.  Very displeased and have no desire to ever step foot in there ever again.
4	Like most Fox concepts, Blanco is pretty good. I'm not rushing to come back any time soon (mainly because there is so much Mexican food in much closer proximity to my house), but I would be a repeat eater. The food was pretty good - but not memorable. I really liked the chips and salsa and the guac. The veggie tacos were also very good. The chopped salad was good. The tuna tacos kind of meh. Good. And meh. So why the 4 stars? Blow jobs! Well, almost. I think.I was so impressed by the service. The hosts, waiters and managers were so attentive and friendly. Like, over-the-top friendly and giddy. Almost flirty. I'm sure if I was a dude they would have blown me or something. Next time I'm bringing a guy with me to test this theory. Anyone want to particpate in an experiment?
1	What is so great about this place?  I have a couple of friends that talked me into going, not sure why!  I had the steak tacos and my friends had the fajitas.  The service was great and the guy that helped us was very friendly which made up for the crumby food.  I think we would have been better off going to the Salty Senorita.. If your looking for a good place for a Margarita and aren't hungry go to this place.
2	Not what I expected. The food was nothing special, especially compared to other Fox restaurants. The restaurant itself is a nice place to go with a group of people. The margaritas and mojitos were alright, but there are definitely places to find better in the area. I was not crazy about the food either. Overall this is not a horrible restaurant by any means, I just went in expecting better food and drink. They do have outside seating which could make the ambiance much better for a larger group of people.
3	You don't go to Blanco Tacos if you are looking for Outstanding Mexican food, the menu is limited and arguably, there are places that are a lot better..  The food is just average but the atmosphere and ambiance is worth going for.   This is a very hip (club type atmosphere) restaurant.  We sat on the patio and it was great for people watching.  Good music too.  If I had one complaint, it would be the service.  Our server was preoccupied and kept forgetting to bring things.
3	I'm starting to think that Phoenix isn't the Mexican food mecca that people seem to think it is. My favorite place closed down over a year ago, and I've since then been on the search for something comparable. I've yet to find anything that comes even close. Taste is very subjective, yet most people get quite defensive about their favorite Mexican place. I'm pretty sure this place won't go on the top of many people's lists though. It's not like I thought for even a second that Blanco would blow my mind, but I wasn't paying and since it was a Fox Concept (which is the new way of saying "chain" I guess) I was willing to give it the benefit of the doubt.I tend to order pretty much the same thing when I hit a new Mexican joint, and I didn't stray from that this time. I like to get a cheese crisp... I know it's totally not authentic, but my mom used to make them when I was a kid. Their version of a cheese crisp was good... even less Mexican than most places, but good. Interesting type of cheese... fresh and light and not oily.Their salsa was kinda weak, but tasted okay. It needs more flavor and more heat, but it didn't taste bad like some places. I ordered a machaca beef taco dish as well. The beef was boring and flavorless, but quality meat. Their margaritas were okay... nothing to write home about, but at least they didn't taste like a store bought mix. The food was merely okay - at least it was edible. It's not very Mexican at all, but it's decent. The things that stands out about this place are that it's very clean and nice inside, and the staff is super friendly and good looking. It's almost to the point that I want to give it 4 stars. If the food wasn't so bland and uninspired, it would be an easy decision. I may change it later. At least I didn't go home with gut rot. I'll eat here again.
1	Probably great for snow birds.  Had to wait 25 minutes to be seated.  5 hostesses is a bit much.  Cute outfits though.  Took a long time for server to come to take order.  Ok chips.  Bland and tasteless pureed salsa.  Asked for other salsas.  One was tomatillo and it was spicy but still bland somehow.  Other red one was just a bland.  Had cheese crisp.  It was alright.  Side of beans.  They were just alright.  Companion had carnitas.  VERY BLAND.  Rice was bland.  Service was slow and just alright.  Noticed a huge selection of tequila.  Didn't drink that night.  Did have fresh squeezed oj.  Pretty good.  Glad to have option of fresh squeezed.  Offer grapefruit too.  Looked like an interesting foo-foo drink menu.  Nice ambiance.  Music was annoying jazzy music that went on and on.  No variety.  Overall, the food is so boring and tasteless.  Reminds me of Maria Maria.  Not authentic Mexican food.  Made us think that this place is for snowbirds from midwest who don't know any better and aren't used to spicy or authentic.  They would probably love it.  Price is too much for the boring food.  Thought it was going to be good as you can see the chefs cooking while we waited to be seated.
3	Good space here.  Love the fact that the outdoor patio had little heat lamps...ya know, for the frigid 50s that Phoenix hits on winter nights (sense of midwestern, we just got another frickin' foot of snow last night. sarcasm here!!).  Great patio lounging area, and the inside (where we chose to dine) is wide-open and airy.I think I ate three whole avocados here the night I had dinner.  First, the guacamole, which was delish (and the chips were stellar enough for me to break my carb-free diet for a few!)  Then my ceviche (shrimp and crab), which was more of a slaw than a ceviche, but very good nonetheless...avocado in there.  Then my salad with goat cheese, pistachios, and yes, more avocado.  (Told ya, I ate three avocados!)Service was friendly.  I dig the striped shirts they ahd going on there, however, as my ever-so-smart pal pointed out, "They would never last in Chicago" (ya know, the whole we hate striped shirts, and "we're annoyed by former frat boys named Chad" deal we have going on here.)Not bad...perhaps I should've tried a margarita!  Oh, and basked in the glow of the heat lamp in a comfy chair on the patio.  Perhaps another day.
3	I wanted to like thsi palce, I have just bought my wedding dress at Destiny's Bridal in the Borgatta!Pros: Good chips and Salsa (free and refilled!)Affordable guacGood MargsCons:  The worst serivce I have had in years.They are trying hard on the food and I like the idea of unique sides, but the taste just isn't there.  The  fish in the tacos was bland.
3	I finally tried Blanco last Tuesday night... there were 4 in our party; not enough to make a reservation.  Luckily, when we arrived around 7:15 pm, we didn't have to wait more than 10 minutes to get seated.  And we must've lucked out, because our service was prompt and attentive.The guacamole is a perfect appetizer to share... and the chips and salsa are worth the splurge.  I shared a Caesar Salad to start, and that was quite tasty as well.  I was debating what to order for the main course and when I asked the waitress about the salmon she said she didn't eat seafood but that she's been told the salmon is 'buttery.'  Buttery salmon?  Really?  That didn't sell me on ordering the salmon, but it was what I went with after all.  And although I would not describe it as buttery, I will say it was good.  It was a generous serving as well, so I didn't mind when Jared started eating it off my plate.  The rice with veggies that it was served with was also tasty.Overall, Blanco didn't blow me away, but I am sure I'll return sometime.  You can't go wrong popping in for a drink or two and some chips, salsa, and guac in a trendy atmosphere.
3	I was at Blanco earlier this evening to do some Friday unwinding with co-workers after a VERY long week.  We arrived around 7:45pm--the place was hopping and there was a 45 minute wait for a 6-person table (a good sign on a Friday night).  Luckily, upon asking the hostess about the bar situation, we found out there was open seating with a full food menu on the patio!  We snagged a great spot and surrendered our buzzer.The patio was fantastic with great people watching and ridiculously comfortable chairs--would be a great place for day drinking.  Overall I dig the atmosphere/music/decor of this place, as well as the people and energy.  We decided it was like Sapporo but in Old Town and with Mexican food.  Our food was decent, I won't crave it but would order the green chile enchiladas again.  The salmon ceviche appetizer was probably the best thing that we ordered all night.  My one drink and one glass of water were also tasty (I asked for more water that never came, and I was not offered a second drink so it was a short night in the fluids department).  Assuming they fix their confusion with the serving situation, I would go back here again for sure.
4	So I gave the Blanco in Tucson a less than favorable review, yet at the same time I couldn't wait for this one to open. Sure, I miss Taneko Tavern, and all of its sake covered glory. At the same time Fox RC always opens up clean, safe-bet, fun restaurants and Blanco is no exception.The restaurant is brightly colored, with loud lounge like music, and an overall buzzy feeling atmosphere, even if the uniforms make me feel like I am at a frat house. I wouldn't come here looking for innovative Mexican cuisine, because Blanco serves a very American style of cuisine, but with tortillas. They have an obvious American atmosphere, that makes me immediately think of the spa crowd coming here before or after their treatments or in between shopping stops. You'll also see a lot of older folks that come from Paradise Valley around lunchtime or for mid-day drinks. Hey, if you don't have to work, then why not drink your day away on $12 margaritas, right?The salsa is a sweet, almost candy like substance that goes very well with their grease puff tortilla chips that are glistening-golden brown. Their menu features 8-10 different tacos, all available on either soft white corn tortillas, or yellow corn fried shells. My favorites are the steak and ahi tuna, both full of flavor ($12) and plentiful for a meal that doesn't make you feel like you overate. They also have several entrees which feature steak, seafood, and chicken between $14 and $22 which I have only sampled a couple, both very satisfying. I've never gone into Blanco craving Mexican food, expecting Mexican food, or telling my guests they are going to get Mexican food. It's always been well received by those who I have brought here, and always a fun place to be for a couple of drinks on a busy Friday night. Seriously, the name is Blanco, Spanish for white. Shouldn't that be a dead give away this is American food?
2	The food is not very good here.  You can get much better Mexican food (if you can even call it that) in the Phoenix area.  The price is a bit high for what you get, but it still isn't very expensive.  Our waiter was was good, but the food took forever to arrive.  The place was worth a try, but we would not return.
2	So when I heard my brother's friends birthday would be here, I was a little skeptical. First, I had never heard of it and second I started to research it on Yelp. I was apprehensive after reading the reviews and was worried I would be wasting my money on sub-par food. Well after going, it was not horrible, but not a life changing experience either. I was saddened when i found out it had replaced Tanneko. I actually liked that place. We had reservations because we were a big party, so we didn't wait long. There were, however, quite a few people waiting for a while after we sat down. It was your typical north Scottsdale crowd. Every woman looked the same and every guy looked like a DB. The food. I enjoyed the chips and salsa. It's hard to mess up. Had a couple of Dos Equis which they had on tap. They came out promptly and cold. I ordered the Carnitas tacos. They came with rice and beans. There were two tacos and you have a choice of tortilla. They were pretty good. Again, nothing spectacular. The black beans I had were good, but the rice was just like buttered white rice that someone mentioned in a previous review. My brother had the machaca burrito which was huge and he seemed to enjoy. A couple of funny anecdotes. I think we had runners bring food for other tables to ours about 3 times. They seemed a little lost all night. Later on when the right food came, my brother asked the runner which of the two identical burritos was chicken and which was beef. The runner said, and I quote, "Dude, they just give me the food and tell me where to take it." No effing joke! Overall, you could probably skip this place and come back when it changes to some other ethnic-type food place in a year.
2	Ehhh... this place is incredibly mediocre. I had heard the food was good so when my boss offered to take me, I was excited. The atmosphere is just blah. Taneko was such a beautiful restaurant and so rich and warm, and Fox just seemed to throw a ton of cans of white paint on the interior and ruined what was a very beautiful dining room. But I get it, with the whole beach theme... it's just kind of ugly now. The chips and salsa were just okay. The salsa better than the chips. I had heard the enchiladas were good, but I opted for a heathier option and ordered the chicken tacos with corn tortillas. The tacos were incredibly average. I had to scoop out most of the pico de gallo just so that I could hold them. The beans were beans and the rice is not your average Spanish rice, but just white rice with butter and corn. I completely missed any authenticity of real Mexican food. The waitress highly recommended the flan, and I am not normally a fan of flan but we ordered one anyway. I would have rather eaten a Jell-O pudding cup, honestly. It was nothing special at all. I would honestly not waste my money here if you are wanting real Mexican food. This place doesn't have it.
3	I don't live near any good mexican food, so for me, it was good.  Went on a business lunch so I couldn't try their tequilla, I'll be back.  Good chips, not the blase crap from a bag.  Great service, especially in Scottsdale, no attitude!  I had the carnitas tacos and shrimp tacos.  Fillings were great, but way, way too much cabbage!
1	So.....Last night we were in the mood for margaritas and didn't want to travel too far from home.  Against our better judgement we decided to give Blanco another try.  Won't make this mistake again!!  The wait wasn't long, but the service was awful, the margarita bitter and the food....just not worth the price.  There was more shredded cabbage in our fish tacos than anything else!!  This place is just too much of a 'scene' for us too.  We might as well have been in LA.  Not a good experience.
5	We have been to Blanco twice now and let's tell it like it is. The place is jamming. The music is fun and it's a good vibe. yes, you may have to wait but just enjoy a really good cocktail made with fresh squeezed juices or my favorite a chupacabra beer(from mexico hard to find in the U.S.) or a tequilla with a sangrita back. Just like my favorite cantinas in Mexico.Now on to the food. Yes, it's not like your Abuela is in the kitchen but this i a really good fresh take on traditional mexican food. Start with the braised short rib cheese crisp-really yummy. also very good Gaucamole. we then had a few difft. tacos and the red chile enchiladas and it was all really good. the last time i tried the steak and for the money it was excellent. i think this place is what it is and represents quality ingredients in a fun atmosphere.
4	I liked this place a lot! Very good restaurant for lunch with some darn good service. The inside decor is very "Miami." The chips and salsa are a nice alternative to bread to start the meal. We ate on a nice outside patio eating area which overlooked the Borgata shopping area. The service was right on on the money and they were very knowledgeable of the menu. I ordered the burrito and was very happy with it. It was something that definitely filled me for the rest of the day. It was stuffed with beans, rice, lettuce and TONS of carnita's. My brother ordered the chicken quesadillas and really enjoyed them. I'm a fan. Next time I am in town I would definitely come back to Blanco. Although it may not be typical "Mexican" food its darn good.
3	A lively mid-range restaurant. The crowd was mixed, but was comprised mostly of families. Strangely they played clubby music in the background. Service was really good, there were about five people servicing our table as a team. Everything came out quickly and they were able to accommodate all the bizarre dietary needs of our finicky group.The food itself was pretty basic. The big eye tuna ceviche was a significant deviation from real deal, it appeared to have small pieces of tortilla chips mixed in which through me off. The chicken fajitas were fine, but weren't a huge step up from something you could get at a chain.Final word: Ok for a casual or family dinner.
4	For a Monday night, man, this place was rockin'! There's not much in the way of lively spots near the Borgata, but Blanco injects a little bit of attitude into this quiet shopping center. The patio space is expansive, and it's a real relaxing atmosphere. They bump some strange, spacey house music, which feels a bit out of place, but it's not loud enough to be annoying or ruin the mood. The ceviches are excellent: try the big eye tuna or the crab and shrimp. The housemade gazpacho base is very citrusy and juicy, which really gives the meat some kick. The chips are thick and crispy, but lack the seasoning needed. The salsa was fresh and peppery. The pureed tomato doesn't overpower for a good blend.All the Sam Fox restaurants are solid concepts, and this one is no different. It's fun, hip, California attitude in the Valley and it's welcomed. Most higher-end Mexican spots are pretty cavernous and bland with no atmosphere to speak of, but Blanco is top notch.
4	Went to Blanco for lunch today with a friend and had a great time. A co-worker of mine raved about this place so I was eager to check it out. Nice spacious restaurant with a more than friendly staff who were very attentive to both me and my guest. The food was really tasty. It wasn't traditional Mexican food, but I really enjoyed it since I'm not really into sweating while I eat from hot and spicy food. Try the green chile pork enchiladas and wash it down with a Chucabras' Pale Ale. Lastly, sit on the patio before the heat hits. The place is definitely a scene as well if you're into that kind of thing.
4	I went to Blanco on a Thursday night for Happy Hour. We arrived right around 4:30 and were seated immediately. Our table was right between the dining room and the patio, so we were able to take advantage of the beautiful breeze without having to sit outside. What a cute restaurant- very open and chic.We both started with the Pomegranate/Grapefruit Margarita- a great option if you like a little bit of sweetness in your marg. It was served on the rocks, so it went down pretty quickly. Following the Pom/Grape Margarita, I decided to give their Classic Margarita a shot. It tasted like it was made with real lime juice instead of boat loads of sweet and sour mix, so that was a major plus!The chips and salsa were great. Nice, thick chips and a hearty salsa with just a touch of spice. We decided to try the Queso Fundido, as we are both huge fans of most queso dips. The server warned us that this was very different from the normal queso, but we ordered it anyways. It arrived in a small pan and was thick! It had been baked which transformed it from a diappable treat to a "fork some onto my chip" experience. It was also served with fresh flour tortillas which were much appreciated. The biggest downfall of this dish was the chorizo. The chorizo was slightly burnt and was dripping grease everywhere. Gross. The drinks were great, the chips and salsa were delicious, and the menu is still full of other items I'd love to try.Our bill for the four margaritas and the queso came out to $22- fantastic happy hour prices!
4	We had a fun time with our party of seven on a Friday evening. I really like the high beam rafters, the blue earth tone colors throughout, the cute hostess dresses and the striped shirts that the wait staff wears.We had a blood orange margarita, pomegranate margarita and fresh chips w/tasty guacamole & salsa. I would opt for the blood orange margie- refreshing, zesty with a bitter sweet flavor. We had multiple bartenders, all very friendly & engaging.For dinner we moved from the bar, to an outside table.  Paul our accommodating waiter, did a nice job of taking us through a delicious dinner. We all had various sea food items and loved it.This is a great addition to the Scottsdale dining scene with terrific people watching.Muy bien Blanco!
4	First time and enjoyed the lunch experience with the "prison" dressed waiter.  I obviously wasn't the first to notice the "uniforms" and asked where was Sheriff Joe's pink underpants.  He almost responded with a show and tell but refrained from exposure.  While waiting the grey cracked large beam ceiling, blue colored upholstery and miles of small tile on the wall make for a contrasting visual experience.I started with a draft XX larger  and started munching on thick and tasty chips.  Muy bueno with a large portion of mild salsa!!! I then ordered the ahi seared tuna with two soft tacos & black beans.  Muy bueno with small chunks of tuna and chopped veggies - just the right combination of flavors and color!!!While eating it was hard not to notice the waiters with horizontal striped shirts and casual blue/grey jeans.  Most of them carried a holster for their order books plus an extra towel or two hanging just below almost to their knees.  The towels came in handy for clearing tables and seems like a good idea for other restaurants to  adopt - especially in AZ.I will have to return at Happy Hour between 4 & 6 sometime soon to see how the inside meets the outside via glass garage doors plus half price margaritas.
4	My friend Carrie and I decided to stop at Blanco on the way back from the Scottsdale Culinary Festival.  Yep, kinda ironic, we needed more food and drinks after a culinary festival.  I have been wanting to try the latest addition to the Borgata.  If you like good margaritas and good food than this place is perfect.  If you dont....you need help!  A great relaxing atmosphere on the patio with margaritas that go down....oh so smooth!! We tried one of their flat bread cheese crisp type appetizers which was a perfect compliment to my drink.  Is the drink supposed to compliment the food?? oops!  The chips and salsa were also good and add the guacamole for some extra flare!  Cool place, nice atmosphere, and good food to top it off!  Ill be back!
2	We were out in Scottsdale on a Saturday afternoon, and we had read decent reviews of this place on Yelp.  I was amazed at how bad this place was! I am so tired of poorly executed places that charge a premium (for the category) and deliver poorly.  This place is really awful.  It tries to be trendy with the wait-team dressed in striped blue knit shirts that look like they have been washed a few too many times.  The food is fair to poor, presented in a heaped plating style that was not appetizing.  I had a salmon entree and my friend a chicken dish.  Neither was really special in any way.  Chips are good, salsa is not. Drinks are way overpriced.  The  "house" 'Rita was $8 and was small, really too sweet and totally unforgettable. There are many, many better places out there.  This one has a bunch of Scottsdale, tired wannabes as patrons (I agree with Jenny R.!), and an untrained staff.  Our waitperson was OK in the beginning, but she disappeared at the end.  Our final drink was served 10 minutes after we finished our meal, at least 15 minutes after we ordered it!  We almost called 911 to file a "missing waitperson" report.  Instead, $75.00 later (for three drinks and two entrees, tax and tip), we left and we will not be back.
4	A Modern Mexican restaurant with an upscale atmosphere - I like it... Three of us had the privilege of dining here last Saturday. The drinks, the service, and the unusual food were all outstanding. The prices are very fair as well...Great location with several other "walking-distance" choices if they are too busy (J Alexander's, Fogo De Chow, El Torito, Flemmings, Quilted Bear). Close to Old Town for nightlife too...Good luck Blanco!
3	It is a "popular" restaurant in the heart of Scottsdale.  With that comes the usual scene of people that I normally try to avoid, but the food is pretty good.  They also have a pretty wide selection of bottled Mexican beers.  Its nice not have to settle for Corona.Some people don't like the interior, but I like the clean, all-white look.  Its kind of a refreshing & calming look for a restaurant that wants you to relax.Food is pretty filling & tasty.  Had the seared Ahi tacos, and they were filled with big tuna chunks.  Buddy had enchilads (he is from Tennessee), and he really liked them.  That in itself should be a win for a Mexican joint.There's a lot of tequila here to try, but it can get pricey.  If the weather was nicer, I would have sat on the patio.
3	You know when you really excited to go on that new ride at the amusement park beacuse it is all flash and new tech stuff, but when you get there, practically wetting your pants because you're next to go on the ride,  and then the attendant tells you that they have to close the ride for the day because one of the bolts got loose and the cart went careening off the track at 60 miles an hour and there are "technical difficulties" with the ride equipment, aka somebody's got killed until dead?This place can be succinctly summed up by that quick anecdote.Now for the review and something completely different:Nice casual, relaxing setting. However, the food is not that great. Ordered the Machaca tacos.  They were alright but they were definitely nothing special.  The guacamole was way overpriced for the quality, $9 for something that should be worth $5 at the most. Overall it is a fun setting, but it is not a place if you are serious about eating.Cheers,Until then, get the beers in...
3	Well, I guess like many have said this is a Fox restaurant so you get a very nice atmosphere.  I think I remember a quote from Mr. Fox that (and I'm paraphrasing) a dinner out isn't about the food, it's about the experience.By that standard Mr. Fox did well with Blanco.  I personally think the food is a big part of the experience, I could even argue it's the biggest part.  Not that the food was awful by any means but I wasn't really blown away by any of it.  Machaca tacos were okay, buttered rice was simple enough but hardly Mexican, ceviche was alright.  Are you noticing a trend here?Motto of the story kids, is that I'll trade the foo-foo surroundings and high Borgata prices for a dump off 19th Ave. someplace and the food is killer.I don't think I'll head back here any time soon I'm afraid.
3	I've been here a few times and it's alright...americanized mexican food that's pretty tasty.  Personally my favorite thing on the menu is the appetizer nachos with beef.  They serve it smothered in a lot of cheese and beef...it's served with this creamy/spicy/cheesy sauce that I have no idea what it is, but it's damn good.  Also, the chips on the nachos and the chips from the chips and salsa they serve when you're seated  are always crisp and stay crisp throughout the meal...pretty good.  I had the fish tacos the first time I was here and had the shrimp tacos the last time.  The fish was okay and the shrimp really didn't have much flavor.  They use a lot of sauces with the tacos...kinda like spicy sour creams.  The sauces taste good, but they drown out the other tastes in the dish.If it weren't for the nachos I would probably give this place two stars.
4	Went here very late Friday night after picking up a friend from the airport in town from SF. We sat on the patio, but I noticed the interior was v. cool and the bar was massive. Although we were here for late dinner, I can't wait to go back for happy hour sometime. The margaritas were incredible - I tried the blood orange and my friend had some kind of pomegranate-something-something. They were both fantastic, and the tequila list was strong which is a big plus in my book. The drink list was refreshingly innovative and unique. Even the chips and salsa are worthy of mention. It's been a while since I've had guac near as tasty as at Blanco. We both had different varieties of tacos which I thought were outstanding. I usually consider the accompanying rice and beans as filler which I almost always pass over to save room for more booze, but not this time. The only complaint I had was the patio seating wasn't very good for eating - great for drinks and socializing, but we were posed in a constant hunch the entire time as we sucked down our food.  The patio seating does have couches and comfy chairs which are perfect for the happy hour setting. The place also seems to attract a fun, vibrant crowd. It probably goes without saying, as I'm certain I'm the only r'tard who would choose to eat outdoors in Scottsdale right now, but definitely eat at the bar or the in the dining room.
3	My wife and I were in the mood for a little Mexican dining tonight, so we decided to give Blanco a try. Blanco had everything going for it when we got there. We found a parking space right upon driving in, we were seated in a big semicircular booth that offered a great view for people watching, and we were intrigued by the menu. We really enjoyed the atmosphere here. The modern, tres chic feel was counterbalanced by the whitewashed wood in the ceiling giving the place an ambiance that was part beach, part Scottsdale. As others have said, the food is quite good. The slightly-sweet-yet-spicy salsa that arrives with a bowl of freshly fried tortilla chips was very good (and slightly reminiscent of what On The Border used to serve, just not that sweet). We opted for margaritas (she had the blood orange version while I stuck with a traditional blended marg) which we both agreed were flavorful without being overloaded with tequila. In particular, we really liked the braised short rib. We got it on the cheesy tortilla item (think 12" tortilla made into a Mexican pizza) and it was accompanied by avocado and some other veggies and was delicious. We also ordered the carnitas tacos which they offered to split for us (giving each of us our own rice, beans, and one taco). The pork was tender and not fatty (a gripe I often have of Chipotle and the like) and the tacos were very good when accompanied by a little guacamole and sour cream. So why only three stars? There were a few things dragging down Blanco for us. They include: 1. SLOOOOW Service - judging from other reviews, it doesn't sound as if this is always a problem, but everything moved slowly for us when we were there (drinks took over 10 minutes to arrive after ordering, food took almost 30 minutes). I know when the service could be better as I start getting Antsy waiting for stuff after a certain point and that happened when we were at Blanco. 2. Warm, not hot, food - The manager asked us how everything was and we commented that our pizza wasn't very hot when it arrived at our table. I'll give him credit for marching back over to the open kitchen and sharing his thoughts on the matter with the staff, but I would have expected hot food. My guess is that the slow service may have had something to do with this. 3. Overall food prep - there were just a few things that could be improved. For example, using two tortillas per soft tacos would keep them together a bit more. Leaving the Pico de Gallo on the side would keep people (like my wife) who don't eat it from having to scrape it off. One note on the Guacamole - there are two sizes (an appetizer size for $9 and a side item size for $5). We opted for the smaller size and they brought it out with our chips. There was PLENTY for using before and with dinner for two people so consider this option if you want to save $4. We'll give Blanco another try in the future - it has all the right elements to earn four stars from us...next time they just have to deliver on them.
3	I have been back and I would say this place deserves closer to 3 stars.
4	Had lunch here for the first time yesterday and thought the atmosphere was smart, current and open.  Menu was diverse and unique enough and there was a lot to tempt me, a big fresh-Mex fan.  Service was undeniably slow and drinks were especially under-served.  This was a shame, as my cohorts were sloshin' it up and the proprietor could have generated some serious revenue on those margs if someone was willing to serve them! I had the shrimp tacos which weren't nearly as good as the shrimp/ancho tacos at Jasper's Bistro, but still quite tasty and served hot.  Chips & salsa are great, too.  All in all, only the service brought us down.  It's never fun to have to ask for something twice, right? But one server does not kill a restaurant for me...I'll give them another chance and I'm hopeful they'll figure it out!
1	Very sad about Blanco! I love Fox Restaurants and was shocked that this is connected to that company. My hubby and I did a quick date night last week and chose Blanco since we have seen it so many times in passing. The Guac was $9 and seriously the size of a golf ball served in a large bowl. I ordered a dinner salad I think it was $12 for a bread sized plate of lettuce a couple tomatos and avacados and about a half a pound of dressing. I usually get extra dressing on the side but no need for that at this place my lettuce was wilted from the amount of dressing on the salad. This would not have been terrible if it was good but it tasted terrible.My husband took the waiters recommendation and ordered enchiladas. That was probably the best thing about our experience HOWEVER it tasted like cream of mushroom soup out of the can and came in a little petite size skillet for I think $15 or $16 bucks. I would never go back not even for half price. I will stick to sauce and Fox Sports Grill. For Mexican I will make the long drive to Val Vista and Baseline to eat at Nandos. Nothing compares to their food!
4	I was looking for something new to try and actually my boyfriend pick Blanco's where as I wanted seafood.  Well regardless, I'm so glad we went. The quacamole dip was amazing! Probably some of the best I have ever had.  After we demolished the dip and salsa we got out entrees. He ordered beef enchiladas and I got the shrimp and steak fajitas.  I wish that I didn't love he dip so much so that I could have enjoyed more of my awesome food!  It's a definite must try. Atmoshpere was great; food delish, and don't miss out on their margaritas!  I'll just take one of everything.
3	I'd give the food 3.5 stars - the shrimp ceviche was palatable, but perhaps a little watered down.  The grilled fish tacos were good.Food came too quick for my liking - Its a restaurant, not a cafeteria.  Appetizer came out minutes after we ordered and the tacos came before we were halfway finished with the ceviche.  I finished my food before I finished my first beer!!
4	1) The pomagranate/grapefruit margarita.  Pink grapefruit cuts the sweetness of the pom perfectly.2) Camarones Taco was delicious.  Shrimp had a tasty chipotle sauce (ok, I'm pretty sure it was chipotle).3) Delicious chips and salsa.Fast service on the patio at rush hour.  Misting jets to keep it cool.
2	Food and Drink1. Cheese crisps ROCK, especially the "cheese only" option.2. Main courses are okay, nothing special3. White sangria was very bizarre.  Tasted more like fruit punch than wine. Glad I had a sample before I ordered.4. Happy Hour-- appetizers (including cheese crisps!) are 1/2 off.Service1. Wait staff appears to be very inexperienced.  After ordering, my server said, "there has been an accident in the kitchen.  Someone cut their finger".  I was expecting to be told my Blanco cheese crisp was going to have a special red sauce, but then he continued, "I have to take him to the hospital, so Buddy will take care of you".Atmosphere1. Nice open restaurant with awesome patio.  Great for the cooler weather, built in heaters throughout.2. HUGE bar in the center of the restaurant, great for those creepy old Scottsdale guys who like to check out the chicks.Misc1. Their plates are so heavy, they can be used for either Frisbee Golf or as a weapon.2.  I have never seen so many trendy gay men in my life (they were either gay or severly metro sexual)
4	Great margaritas...nice tequila selection. Kid friendly, great atmosphere.  The bar staff was unattentive and kind of clueless.  Ahi Tacos where awesome as well as cheese crisps.  Nice experience over all
3	the decor in this place is great!  I loved the wood and blue contrast and the open kitchen!   Very nice Patio and comfortable seating throughout.  The service at first was slow but then recovered after drinks.  We started with White sangria and that was interesting.  Perfect drink for a hot day!  the chips and Salsa were very very good.  The salsa had just the right amount of heat and Sweetness.  The menu looks great and I waned to try everything!  The burrito my friend got was gigantic!  I had the grilled fish tacos and they were pretty good but lacked the flavor i was craving.  I would come back here for drinks and dinner .  Value... meh.... this is pricey for what it is.
4	Blanco was very good. It was hoppin on a Friday night, unlike many of the other restaurants in Scottsdale/Phoenix in this economy. The menu is a bit limited, but they do great with the Mexican style dishes (like tacos and cheesy dips) that they do offer. Our service at the bar was fantastic and the Margaritas were delicious :)
3	It seems like the more Fox restaurants I visit the more I realize that the food is just second fiddle in their quest for hipness.  And since I'm not a hipster doofus a lot of their effort rings hollow.  The location is cool and patio allows you to enjoy the unique Spanish influenced architecture of the Borgata.  The decor, like all Fox restaurants, is hip and well executed.  The ambiance is perfect for the happy hour crowd.  Unfortunately I typically don't number myself with that group.  The music was too loud and stiffed any attempts to enjoy the wider ambiance.A highlight were the chips.  They were dense and very close to those that I enjoyed while I lived in the Mexico.  We tried a number of dishes and they were all perfectly above average.  The cheese crisp was good but only warm and not worth the $10.  The carne asada tacos were good, positive nod to the creamed rice, but the price once again wasn't truly justified.  The salmon was tasty and well presented with the spinach, corn, and squash.  It was very nicely cooked but a tad fishy in taste.  We wrapped up the meal with the tres leches cake and, like everything else, it was good but not especially memorable.So in summary, Fox restaurants- Blanco included- are good places to be seen but not necessarily the best places for distinctive and memorable food.  The food is good but I doubt its the real reason why so many people frequent them.
3	Sadly I was let down on this, I had heard so much good about it, but either today was a bad day or this is not my style of Mex. The highlight was the Mexican Pizza we had as an appatizer.
3	We held a co-worker's going away party here and I have to say that for a group of 16 people and one child-they did really well at serving us. The guac was good and I really liked their "hot" salsa that you have to ask for. The sangria is overly sweet but the house margarita on the rocks was better. The meals were so-so. I had some tired chicken enchilada's, but they werent horrendous, just pretty boring. My favorite thing about the whole night was hitting up the Trader Joe's in the same complex after dinner!
3	i'm a fan of sauce, north and some of the other fox restaurants because they have genuinely good food for a reasonable price and the restaurants are, in typical fox fashion, hip and easy on the eyes. i like that. blanco was no exception ... i adore the wood wall and tile work. i loved my white peach and hibiscus margarita. i loved the chips and salsa ... the chips reminded me of many trips to mexico ... they're very similar to the super yummy chips served down there. i did not love my seared ahi tacos. they were really fishy and the mango salsa was almost non-existent. it was too bad, because they really look beautiful on the plate. i wasn't super stoked about the rice, which was literally soaked in butter. the black beans were yummy. others at my table got the enchiladas, and i wish i had too. those enchiladas looked a lot better than my tacos tasted. our server was sweet, smart and encouraged us to modify menu items to our taste. there was definitely an arrogance in their prices because what you get for what you pay is pretty pathetic, but i guess you have to pay your rent in the borgata somehow. 3 stars for blanco. i really hoped for more.
2	I give Blanco 2 stars not because of the food, but because of the experience.  I have been there at least 4 times and have had mediocre service.  Why do I return?  Well, I love the White House Margarita, the chips and guac are wonderful.  But all of the teens in their super short cotton tennis dresses are lacking what it takes to make a dining experience receive 5 stars.   Most of my not so good experiences have been on the patio....it's as if they forgot I exist, until after they finish their chitter chatter amongst themselves.   I keep going back b/c I want Blanco to succeed, but one day, I will just give up if things stay marginal!
3	Nicely swank place in Scottsdale that has pretty good drinks and some pretty massive food dishes.  It kinda felt like it was along the lines of PF Changs but a lil classier and of course a different cuisine.We were there a bit later so it was pretty empty but I can't say too much aside from the fact that we got a nice little buzz and filled up on food pretty well.  The guac was a little small though for the price, but otherwise it was nice enough.
2	Mediocre effort by Fox. Food didn't impress me. Wait staff was "dunlapping" over her tight outfit. Not an appetizing sight people. Drinks were okay.
3	I went to the Blanco Tacos in Tucson when it first opened, and really enjoyed it.  It was more of a casual eatery in a in the back of an upscale shopping center in North Tucson, so I was happy when I heard that one was opened in Scottsdale.  I have eaten at the Scottsdale location on several occasions, and kept putting off writing a review of it, simply because I didn't know what to make of it. Being in Scottsdale, this is, of course, not as casual or as relaxed place as the other.  The food is similar, but the atmosphere is quite different.The decor is very chic, as are all Fox concept restaurants, and it was well accented with the natural wood and whitewashed ceiling.  They also have a nice outside patio. The service varies. I have even had it change on me in the same meal.  We once had a shift change during our meal, - the first server couldn't have been more cheerful and attentive, and the second server was just the opposite.  Not rude or incompetent - just indifferent. And speaking of indifferent, that is their food.  Nothing to rave about, and nothing to complain about.  I have had their entrees, and the best that can be said is that it is good, americanized  mexican food..  That is -  bland, and boring. It is a little pricier than similar mexican but this is the Borgata, so I am sure rent is a little higher.  So even though I like their decor and the people watching, I have little desire to go back for their food.  But I do like their chips, salsa and beer.  So when the better half is shopping, I get my exercise by walking to Blanco's and having their chips and salsa, and of course a the inevitable bottle (or two) of Dos Equis.
3	okay, so I haven't eaten all day and now it's late, pretty late & I am at that stage where I need to eat!  So, I go to good ol Yelp to search for something around & I love the fact Yelp lists business hours too!  So, of course all my top choices are closed except for, yup, you guessed it, da da da daaaaa Blanco!  It was pretty empty, well they were closing in 30minutes, we sat at the bar and ordered the Braised Short Rib & Avocado cheese crisp and the Camarones Tacos.  The cheese crisp was awesome, I will confess I have a wee bit of an obsession with short rib, and this was pretty good, I will go back for just that!  I wanted to get the short rib tacos too, but my hand was spanked & firmly told 'no'...  The shrimp tacos were okay, they weren't 'OMG I'm salivating just thinking of them', but they weren't awful.  And, the service, well I can't really say anything about that....  Because, we saw our server twice, good thing we paid cash, Lord only knows how long we would have waited for her...I shall return, but I'll be doing it for happy hour!Monday-Thursday: 4-6pm* All cheese crisps, starters, house margaritas, well drinks and draft beers 50% off.
1	Allow me to be an asshole for a moment while I write this terrible review. Maybe its because it was Monday, and raining.. maybe it was because I was in the mood for Humble Pie and not Mexican grill.. maybe its because restaurants in Arizona don't have the freshest sea food in the United States of America, whatever it was, I hated this place. I have this habit of asking my server what their favorite thing on the menu is.. and usually I go with it. I am adventurous, I like surprises.. So homegirl suggested the nachos or the Seared Ahi tacos.. so what do I do? I ordered a taco plate. Since I like variety, I mixed and matched and went with a fish & pork taco with black beans. The Ahi tasted wicked old and nasty fishy. I almost spit it out, but I am a lady and that is rude. The pork was very undercooked.. I don't know about you, but I have absolutely no interest in catching Trichinosis. I can think of better ways to spend my day than with nausea, diarrhea, vomiting, fatigue, fever, and abdominal discomfort.. sorry those are not things I am interested in, thanks anyway though. Beans were served cold and I swear the rice they served was something out a box from the dollar store. My dog could make better rice than that. There was shit floating in my water and the limes I asked for were so dried out that not one drop of juice came out. Seriously? Cut up some fresh ones.. its the little things that count. Service was slow, but the chick was nice enough. One of the girls I went with knew one of the managers, who was supposed to hook us up with an employee discount, but conveniently forgot about us at the end.. but what are you gonna do, nothing is free anymore. I dunno, I just wasn't impressed. The only thing I dug about this joint were the tiles on the wall.. and im certainly not going to return to a place to stare at a wall. next!
3	Nice handsome restaurant!  Stopped in around 9pm for a bite and a beer..never been before.  Cruising up Scottsdale road and the big blue sign drew me in.  Service was good... the young gentleman that waited on us was attentive and very helpful.  Tried the Tuna Ceviche...it was ok.Had the cheese enchiladas..( I know, who orders a cheese enchilada?)...but, I have been to some restaurants in CA that make cheese enchilada's to die for..this one not so much...they were burnt on top, they put more cheese and sauce on to cover it up, they were dry and drowning in sauce.  Oh well, next time I will order something else...nice tequila menu though, and I like tequila!  Looks like this will be a happy hour, chips, salsa and tequila place for me!
4	Another good Sam Fox restaurant.  I think the vibe is cool here, food is good, and service is great.  It's not necessarily a place i crave, but it's consistently good.  Good job on the uniforms!Food: 3Service: 5Ambiance: 4
1	Sold me a 100.00 gift  card with a bouns 20.00 card for myself over the holidays. Went to use the 20.00 dollar card tonight and they told me it had already been used. Yes cashed in just one day before my 100.00 amx purchase. I guess they are into recycled plastic or rip off
4	Maybe closer to 3.5 but I am rounding up because I'm not opposed to being won over by "smart" bartenders -- when I ordered drinks she asked to see my ID and then followed it with, "you look so young, you must get that often." Granted, she looked younger than me, but I am not opposed to having my reviews swayed by cute bartenders who know the right buttons to push. In addition, the house margarita was good, and I have been known to throw bad margaritas all over the bar in a fit of rage when I don't get carded...fortunately my vanity was satisfied. The space is very nice and open, and despite the decent size crowd, it didn't feel crowded. Our wait was less than 20 minutes and there is ample place to sit and have a drink while you wait. Now, I must say, I don't know that the required staff uniform is unattractive, but it does seem like an impromptu tennis match could break out any moment. The braised short rib enchiladas were good and the fish tacos were even better. The tacos were slightly overstuffed and rather difficult to eat as a result, but the taste was good (3 shells, as opposed to 2, with the same amount of taco insides would be better). While the waitress didn't attempt to win me over with flattery, the service was prompt and attentive.
2	I absolutely LOVE the Blanco's in north Tucson. The food is fabulous, the views are incredible and the service is impeccable. The Scottsdale location is not so great. My husband and I went here for an early dinner one night and we waited for a table for what felt like an eternity (even though there were only like 6 other diners) and our waitress frequently forgot about us. Then to top it off, I got sick after eating my tacos! My husband enjoyed his meal and his margarita but we won't return.
1	No wi-fi and the manager doesn't know the password to access it. If you need a spot with wireless Internet, this is not the place.
2	To me, Blanco was just fair Mexican food, with a tiny bit of inspiration, however they try to pass it off as if this restaurant is the greatest thing since the scoop chip.First things first, they have a michelada on their drink menu, but don't order it!  Even if you've had wonderful micheladas in the past, Blanco's is terrible, with WAY TOO MUCH worchester sauce and not enough lime...yucky!  The chips and salsa were actually really good, as well as the guacamole.  I had the ahi tacos, which were overseasoned, presumably to cover up the not-so-fresh taste of the fish.  My wife had a veggie burrito, which was huge in size, but not in taste.  The rice they serve with the dishes is to, die, for!  Next time I visit, if ever again, I am ordering just a bowl of the buttered rice...delicious. The service at this restaurant was borderline terrible, from needing to ask for everything, including more chips and water refills, to waiting too long for food, which then came out on an extremely hot plate, as if it had been sitting under a window for far too long!And again Blanco, why the attitude? The food is not that great, your servers aren't that hot and your drinks are weak, get over yourselves.
4	we really liked this blanco. such a fun place with amazing cocktails and the best gaucamole ever. seriously i dont know how they do it but i cant stop eating it.  Blood orange margarita is off the chart. Quality of food for the money is really wonderful. started with a chorizo cheese crisp and loved it. then we shared some tacos, enchiladas and a burger. I would recommend everything we ate. the beef short rib enchiladas are to die for. Plus the vibe is really fun, patio is beautiful and comfy and ridiculous selection of incredible tequilas. Will be eating here often. great mexicanfood that doesnt leave you feeling like you just consumed a jar of lard.really nice clean fresh ingredients prepared with care. Love Love Love it!
5	We had a fabulous experience here. The open air restaurant was exactly what the 6 of us were looking for. The atmosphere was casual, the service excellent, and the food and drinks were fantastic! We had several different flavors of margaritas, a michelada, tuna ceviche, queso flameado, and taco entrees - all of it great. I am very surprised to see the less than stellar reviews here. It also didn't hurt that the waiters were quite attractive.
4	Looking at the star rating for this place I was shocked. I love Blanco! It's one of my favorite Fox Restaurant Concepts. They have fabulous house margaritas and tons of beers to choose from. I recommend the carne asada tacos, they are consistently good. The rice there is awesome. Blanco is always a go to place for good food and good atmosphere.
2	First impression... all I need to say is Snottsdale hostesses! I showed up at Blanco on a Tuesday night at 5:40 with 10 girls.  The patio and the dining room were half empty and the hostess said she needed a few minutes to get set up, understandable.   After about 15 minutes another hostess came over to ask us what we needed.  Meanwhile people are walking in and getting sat immediately.   Then we see a server pushing some tables together on the patio and setting up the table for 10 people.  Five more minutes go by and we were more than annoyed, so we decided to seat ourselves at that table.   Once we got seated, our server was friendly and attentive. Average food, average drinks... I ordered a pomegranate and grapefruit margarita, the juice was supposed to be fresh squeezed, but I it tasted like pure sugar.   I ordered a taco salad with no meat and it was so drenched in dressing that I couldn't even eat the lettuce.   Two girls who ordered a different salad and actually sent theirs back for the same reason.   The other meals that came out to the table looked much better, so maybe I just made bad menu selections.
2	Went to dinner with a couple great friends this past Friday night. We read about Blanco in the 'Where, Scottsdale' magazine and in another random Scottsdale mag they have at the massive information booth at the spendy Fashion Square Mall (you can really get a shopping fix on there, but that's another review - with more stars too!). Shame on me, I should have used the Yelp app on my iPhone to read the reviews before we decided on that place because it was a pretty decent sized let down... I just mistakenly figured that any place that boasts 50 tequilas would have decent Mexican food. I have it in me but I'm not going to get all Mexican food preachy on you all but let's be real. This place is more Mexican inspired than traditional fare. Top line: 1) Red wine sangria was marginal at best 2) Guacamole bland (they don't ask for preference on spice and it isn't made table side) - chips were THICK! Salsa was Pace like - seemed like it was from a jar, not freshly made.3) Ahi tacos were inedible with an ancho chile and pepper flavor that was overbearing to the point of a burnt taste - we actually didn't even eat three pieces of the tuna (each taco has maybe eight sushi sized slices of tuna on it). They were also a little rubber like, not the melt in your mouth grade tuna. 4) The signature dish of beef rib enchiladas was probably the biggest let down - like the guacamole, just plain and bland in flavor. 5) Not sure about the rice concoction, it was very creamy and buttery, almost Rice-A-Roni like.6) Caramel flan was American style with a huge among of whip cream on top. Flan is one of my weaknesses and I only had two small bites... bla bla bla!!! Downright SAD! Lastly, it was a noisy place with little ambiance. The best thing about this place was the side of pintos (charro style) that came with the entrees and the chorizo & cheese crisp. Those alone wouldn't warrant a return trip. Sorry Blanco, our first encounter just didn't lead me to want to see you again... No hard feelings, really - staff was pleasant, valet was efficient, food was just not great amigo!
4	After a day of pool crashing at the Princess, my friends and I were hungry.  We drove down Scottsdale and ended up at Blanco.  We were still technically in our bathing suits and as the sun set I felt extremely under dressed for a Saturday night.  Don't mind me, my ass is only wet because I was at the pool all day... I swear I didn't pee my pants. We sat at one of those communal tables, which I always enjoy.  Some nosey old lady kept grilling my friends on things like iphones and tattoos.  It was entertaining. The service was great and the manager even got us a seat way before the quoted 30 minute wait.  I had the short-rib enchiladas and highly enjoyed them.  They tasted a lot like the enchiladas my ex's mom used to make.  So, it's nice that I no longer have to date him just for his mother's delicious Mexican meals.  The rice is also pretty good, but a little different- it's creamy and corn adds a hint of sweetness that I really enjoy, even though it can be a bit salty for my taste.  I won't hate on Fox restaurants just because it's a Fox restaurant.  I usually enjoy myself at all I've been to and if the food is just okay, well, at least there is plenty to look at.  Hell, I love Julio G's so you probably shouldn't listen to anything I say.
4	Sam Fox ...don't ever let me down with your restaurants. If you do, I might have to move away from Phoenix to get over the pain. Blanco is practically in my backyard and anything with "tequila" in the headline perks my ears, so I had to check them out. The set up looked cool enough, but would the food be worthy of the authentic Mexican cuisine surrounding our little desert land on the boarder of Mexico? Start lining up because I think they did it! Blanco is nice because it's a good mix of trendy American cuisine with the spicy Mexican kick to it. Happy Hour. My very happiest hour of them all and Blanco keeps me smiling. Half off my friends. Half off... appetizers, cheese crisps... the mouth watering margs...all half off during the Happy Hour times. Atmosphere: Trendy and sophisticated but get there EARLY. A Fox Restaurant underline means crowds and popularity like the homecoming court so if you want a seat arrive early and if you are coming with a large party, call ahead. Food. A-OK! I seem to always go the appetizer direction (probably because I'm there for HH) when I go but they fill you up enough for a meal. The guac is homemade and tasty, the queso is great and the cheese crisps melt in your mouth. I'd also try out the tacos. If you're there with a couple people who cater to your taste buds, order a bunch of food and share, then you'll get the full Blanco experience. Large groups. My friend is getting married and the bach location is Scottsdale. Watch out Phoenicians! I am working with the events office on a large group prefixed menu. So far, the service has been excellent and the pricing is completely reasonable for a hefty amount of food...and Sangria! I'll report back after the dinner occurs. In the meantime, Happy Hour, here I come!
4	Went last night... had the fish tacos while my husband got the machaca burrito.  Both were awesome.... the fish tacos were super yummy and I'm a big fan of the rice.  It's kind of more modern... definitely not your traditional mexican restraurant.  The service was decent but nothing to rave about.  All in all we'll probably be back in the future.
1	This restaurant only gets one star for the ambiance.. food was terrible.. did not come the way we ordered it.. felt like crap afterwards.. service was even worse.. actually had to get up to find the waitress! Bleh.. wish we could rewind and eat almost anywhere else :-/
5	The cheese crisps, veggie tacos and margaritas are awesome all in a cool, youngish, hip restaurant. I didn't really care for the queso but everything else is great. I highly recommend the place for food and atmosphere.
2	Being a foodie transplant from California I obviously gravitated toward the FOX Restaurant Concepts group of restaurants.  I love the modern decor, innovative menus, and overall aesthetic qualities of their restaurants.I unfortunately have to say that of the FOX Restaurants, Blanco is one of my least favorites.  I have to admit that their margaritas are amazing but I have been three times now and have always been disappointed in their salads and entrees.  I may be a little picky and love good Mexican food but I find that my food tends to be bland and definitely leaves something to be desired.My friends and I now only go to Blanco for drinks after work and then decide on a different location for dinner.  If this is your plan then I definitely recommend heading over for some of the best margaritas in the valley.
5	Love this place!  The name pretty much says enough for the whole review:  Blanco TACOS AND TEQUILA....what more do you need.  Okay, the food was yummy, and service was top-notch!  We had the guacamole (huge serving)  and a cheese crisp with beef and avocado that was very tasty, but don't miss out on one of the 30+ tequila's in your margarita!  I had their "classic"  on-the-rocks-with-salt and it was perfect.The BEST thing about this restaurant is that it's casual and a spot for anyone.  You don't expect that at " The Borgata", but it's a fact-check it out!  We saw everything from a large group of business people, ladies with their children and 2 young guys hangin' at the bar.  Love it and hope to be back soon for a full meal or-- just drinks. All Fox restaurants are having a killer happy hour special running through the summer so check them out!
3	Overall, this place was pretty good. The cheese crisps are tasty and something unique to order - either as your meal or as an app (it 's like a medium sized pizza). For my main dish I had shrimp tacos. I got them in a soft shell, though, and they were impossible to eat. Next time, I'd get a hard shell. The service was a little sub-par.
3	My first visit to Blanco was one that I will remember for awhile. I'll begin by saying that the food was good. I had the machaca beef tacos and a margarita. The beef was very flavorful with just the right amount of spicy kick to it, and the margarita (I had the frozen variety) was decent too. That being said, it was rather pricey ($11) for two tacos, rice and beans. I've had better for a LOT less.Now, I must shift my review from food to the atmosphere. I've got a story to tell, but please note that this story in no way reflects the quality of the restaurant or my feelings about returning. I just want to share the hilarity of my evening and to give you an entertaining reason to visit Blanco.We all have preconceived notions about Scottsdale. I tend to stereotype the people that live and play in this part of town as snobby, snotty, stuck-up, and whatever other "s" word you can think of. Of course not everyone that lives or frequents Scottsdale is like that. However, the night my friend and I visited Blanco, that stereotypical Scottsdale crowd was in full effect. I'm not sure if Blanco has a dress code for women, but it seemed like this Saturday night it was a requirement to wear as short a skirt or dress as possible, along with crazy high heels.  Oh, and it appeared there was a height and weight limit too -- nothing over 100 but taller than 6'. Maybe there was a model convention in town or something.I have nothing against looking hot. In fact, I think I hold my own. I just was amazed at the amount of skin that was exposed in one restaurant. Being from the rather less cool NoPho area(and even less cool because I used that dumb abbreviation), I guess I didn't get the memo that this was the required look now.The eye candy was entertaining to say the least, but I digress.  There was even more fun-filled antics to come. My friend and I were seated next to the bar and about 1/3 of the way into our meal, three 40-something guys were seated behind us.  They were drunk and annoying. I had my back to them, but my ears were tuning in to their conversation, and I heard comments like, "Oh, she's a six." "Yeah, for sure, a six." "Oh, does she have a snaggletooth?" Then there were the expletives,  the redundant "dudes" and the constant references to going to Vegas. Oh, and did I mention that my friend, who was facing them, was in full view of their overtly ogling of every miniskirt, tight-jean wearing chick that walked past them. But that wasn't all. No, the "dudes" weren't quite happy enough with their caveman-like behavior. After they finished their meal, the middle guy I like to call King Douche asked the bartender if he could have the chef come out. Oh, boy, I thought, this is going to be good. Out comes the chef, who seemed nervous and annoyed at the same time.  King Douche began to rave about the food in an inebriated and slightly incoherent rant. Although I couldn't hear everything King Douche was saying, I think he said something about the food being really good.... but... then went on to criticize almost everything he ate, telling the chef something about having too much of this ingredient here and not enough here, and that he has been a restaurant manager, and it's important to hear the good with the bad, and on an on.  The poor chef stood there kind of dumbstruck.  I honestly don't think he knew how to respond.  He kindly thanked them for eating there and suggested they come back again. I'm so glad that I wasn't facing these schmucks because I wouldn't have been able to keep from expressing my disgust and amusement. Instead, I just laughed with my friend while cursing their insipid behavior.  In the end, and despite all the young wannabe glamor girls and midlife crisis greasy creeps, it was a memorable dinner at Blanco.  I will likely give the place another try. But next time I'll come prepared to watch the antics with a little popcorn and candy.
5	Excellent food - the nachos and cheese crisps are both amazing.  Margaritas are great too!  Fun restaurant, casual, perfect for appetizers and drinks!
4	My boyfriend and I really enjoy Blancos.  However, we only go on Saturday or Sunday for lunch (to avoid the Scottsdale club scene at this restaurant at night).The food is decent Mexican food. I am always satisfied and I also always have leftovers.The best part would have to be the drinks - I love their margaritas - very fresh.The only negative would have to be the service. Every time we sit at the bar, we receive impeccable service. However, if we sit elsewhere in the restaurant, it's pretty poor.Overall - a great lunch place with wonderful margaritas
4	Great happy hour. Select items half price!Had the chicken nachos which were enough to share with 3 or 4 people.  We also order cheese crisp thing with guacamole a bit salty, but was still quite tasty.The margaritas were sweet and refreshing which was key since it was 113 outside!  Service was could have been more attentive, but our server was friendly and the food came right out.  What I liked was the group table in the bar.  So much better than sitting at the bar because it allows you to sit across from someone you want to talk to and share food with.  The restaurant had a nice vibe to it too.
2	Yuppy interior decorator meets mexican food = Blanco.  The food was so-so, the cheese crisp was good, the people watching was the best part.  If your a single male looking for another male and you can stomach bland over frooffy food, this is your place.I guess I just hoped for something better from the Borgata area, even the now closed El torito next door was way better.  You will find me getting real mexican food somewhere else.
4	Went here for lunch and I wasn't expecting much.  It looked like it was going to be a total "white boy" type Mexican restaurant.  And it sort of was, but the food had enough flavor that I enjoyed it.Prior to the meal, they brought out chips and salsa.  The salsa was pretty weak.  In about 2 minutes, my gf and I finished all of the salsa.  Our waiter walked by and noticed this and immediately asked if we wanted something a little bit spicier.  Of course we did.  He brought out a different type of salsa that was much better, much spicier.I ordered the fish tacos and there were very good.  Nothing much to say about that.Overall, I enjoyed the place.  Service was good.  Prices were fair.  When in the area again, I will go back.
4	This place is great for happy hour if you like margaritas.  I love the blue decor.  The cheese crisps are great.  Kind of a little older crowd though like late 30's-50's.  I prefer my 20 something places but all around good food and drinks.  I would go there again.
3	This place is fine. Average. Nothing spectacular. But not remotely authentic either, like most of Sam Fox's restaurants. They're all absolutely satisfactory, but if you are looking to be blown away by flavorful and inventive dishes, go somewhere else, cuz it aint gonna happen here.Went Sunday night for restaurant week with 5 of my friends, and I will say we were blown away by the amount of food they give you for $19 a person. I plowed through my fair share of chips and salsa, which was pretty bland I'll add and was stuffed halfway through my first course.The decor of the restaurant was cute. I couldn't believe how massive the bar was though! Apparently this is the place to go if you are a tequila drinker. Dozens and dozens of different brands/flavors of tequila. Sadly I am not a tequila so this aspect was entirely wasted on me. I did however have a White Peach & HIbiscus flavored margarita which was sweet but delightful. I would like to point out though that at $9, this margarita cost almost 50% of what my 3 course restaurant week menu did. Out of all the dishes that I tasted, the tortilla soup was by far the winner of the appetizers, the 3 bites that I could get down of my Shrimp Fajitas were actually pretty tasty, and everyone was pleased with their desserts minus a few moldy raspberries that were thrown on my friend's Tres Leches cake...ick. That said, pretty much the entire restaurant and kitchen staff came over and apologized for said raspberry so the rebound and recovery was nice.Probably wouldn't go back unless someone else really wanted to and they of course were paying for all of my $9 margaritas, but if you wanted a safe, non-spicy, Scottsdale-version of a Mexican restaurant to take your parents or other out of town guests, this should certainly fit your bill.
4	Another solid experience at Blanco! As a part of restaurant week, I stopped by Blanco...mainly just because I have been craving the delicious tacos, but then I remembered that it's restaurant week, so one entree turned into a three course dinner. Am I complaining? Absolutely not. We started with the guacamole and avocado and pork cheese crisp. As usual, both were excellent. Their cheese crisps are amazing. I tried the veggie crisp during a previous visit. Phenomenal. Everyone should order it. So moving on to the entrees, even though we were stuffed to the brim after the guac and crisp, we tried the fish tacos and pork enchiladas. While the fish tacos were tasty and the norm, the pork enchiladas blew anything else out of the water.The pork is lean and fresh and sitting in gooey cheese, sauce and within a crunchy taco. It comes with a creamy rice and pico. Excellent. To wash it down, I sipped on my favorite skinny margarita cocktail. I think they mix their skinny marg with sour and soda water and maybe with a hint of sprite? Whatever they do, it makes a fair weather margarita fan into a full pledged fan immediately! Waiter Jeremy was pleasant, friendly and completely attentive! The staff at Blanco are top notch. I know that when I visit, I'm in good hands and Jeremy confirmed this with the service tonight!
4	Blanco is one Sam Foxy modern Mexican restaurant. I just love the interior's bluish, brownish, orange-y color scheme and the comfy outdoor patio containing mood enhancing fire pits. Hey Sam, can I borrow your Foxy interior design team to come dress-up my home? They seriously know their stuff.Beyond my admiration of Blanco's interior and exterior design, I think this is one concept that Sam got right. By no means is this restaurant even remotely authentic, but it's not supposed to be. Good old uncle Sam doesn't do authentic. Sam does Americanized and trendy best. Even the name Blanco fits the whitewashed, or should I say Blancowashed, menu.  Sam tossed Chipotle's bland food, a taco truck, a wood-fire grill, Latin cocktails, trendy decor, and a Scottsdale scene into a blender, and Voila! He whipped up the perfect Blancoshake that brings all the boys and girls to Blanco's yard - setting the stage for some seriously entertaining, and enjoyably funny, people watching.How's the service? Fantastic! I'm always well taken care of from the drink refills to the mid-meal table check-ins. The friendly wait staff and welcoming hostesses are all on top of their game, and even attractively well dressed. Big surprise, right? I know a couple guys who outright admit that they love Blanco for those polo dresses that the hostesses wear (an FYI for the dudes out there). What's my favorite Blanco dish? That would be the Shrimp Fajitas. Cooked on wood-fire grill and combined with caramelized onions and peppers, the plump shrimp have this smoky, charred and blackened taste. The accompanying rice, beans and tortillas aren't anything to write home about though. All 3 taste like Chipotle's bland food. Matt always makes fun of me because I order the Shrimp Fajitas but I just eat the shrimp fajita mix with my fork. I don't even make a real fajita. It's just not worth the extra effort. Those shrimpies are too delish to be combined with just blandness. What else to I recommend on the menu? You must try the tacos! All the meat & seafood is cooked to perfection on that wood-fire grill I love oh so much. In fact, without that grill, I don't think the menu would be as tasty. I also must say that their Margaritas are fruity, and their Mojitos are yummy to sip on. All the cocktails are pretty much standard Sam Fox concoctions. And what about the nachos? Oh yeah, those are scrumptious too! Actually, all of the appetizers have got it goin on. Cheese Crips - salty, melty, cheesy and crunchy. Ceviche - fresh, spicy, tangy, limey and juicy. Guacamole - perfectly seasoned, chunky and fresh avocados coupled with rock salt crystals and flavorful cotija cheese. In fact, that guacamole is so intensely good it feels like a ripe green avocado punches my taste buds with every bite. Blanco's avocados are packing serious flavor. What menu item should you skip? Pass on the Salmon a la Parrilla. It's just weird and at $18 bucks it did anything but impress. The salmon wasn't fresh or flaky enough, and the accompanying spinach, squash and corn mixed with chile verde was bland with a strange aftertaste. Trust me, you are wayyyyy better off with a plate of tacos or fajitas, and you'll get a boatload more food for the same price or less.Overall, Blanco's atmosphere fits any occasion and any sized group. So... give Blanco a go!
1	I was disappointed with my visit this past Saturday. I'm generally a huge fan of Fox Restaurants, but this one fell short. We made a reservation for about 13 people and ended up waiting almost 30-45min past our scheduled reservation time to be seated. Once we were finally seated, then came the ordering. With me being on such a strict diet, I was a bit skeptical about finding anything on the menu. I ended up ordering the Blanco Chopped Salad. which on the menu is described as "Grilled Chicken, Seasonal Fruits, Pepitas (pumpkin seeds)" for $9. Sounds tastey right? Well before ordering it, I did ask the server if the 'salad' had lettuce in it, and he assured me it was lush mixed greens with mixed fruit, chicken, pepitas and a cilantro lime dressing. "Perfect!" Well that's not what I got.Apparently mixed seasonal fruits meant just apples and there was tomatos chopped up in it. Now understand, tomatos are considered a fruit, but when you read seasonal fruits, a tomato is the last thing on my mind. They were totally reaching there. And when I read fruits, I'm assuming more than 2. FAIL.Needless to say, I came in with no expecations and walked away completely disappointed. I usually try and make one more attempt to go back to make a confirmed judgement, but this first visit literally left a bad taste in my mouth. I won't be going back.
2	Blanco is not the place to find authentic Mexican food.  The atmosphere is really unique--super trendy and quite dim inside after sundown. The margarita was ok and the food was good, but nothing to write home about. They fill you up on chips and generic salsa to compensate for the smaller portions. I ordered the vegetable tacos with grilled chicken and black beans. The accompanying carrots and risotto-like rice were very out of place. The service was impersonal and we hardly received any attention from our server--not even a single refill on water!  I'll go elsewhere next time I'm craving Mexican fare.
4	I went to Blanco last night with a family friend of mine and we were helped by a server named Adam.  He was awesome!  Super nice guy and a great server.  The ambiance of the place is cool, we sat on the patio and it was very comfortable, open patio setting.  I really enjoyed the layout and the lounginess of the place.  If lounginess is even a word?!  I think you get the point.  I thought the food was good, that's the only reason I gave it a 4 star vs. a 5 star.  The food wasn't bad, I just didn't think it was OUTSTANDING.  Just pretty good.  All in all, I would definetely return again.  I really liked this place.  Thank you Blanco!
5	Walking in to Blanco Taco I was craving some good mexican food. Upon sitting down we were greeted with a smile and some yummy chips and salsa. (They should really bag that stuff up and sell it- THAT good.) Our server was cheerful and offered us some margaritas and explained the menu a bit... turns out they had just revamped it a few days before. We were excited to be guinea pigs and I ordered the 'new' camarones tacos and my boyfriend ordered the pork enchiladas along with a couple of classic margaritas. To begin with... the margaritas were awesome. And then comes the food... delicious! The three street tacos were plenty and the rice that comes with is awesome. My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his enchiladas and liked the fact that they were made in layers to ensure a little bit of everything in each bite. Although we were stuffed our server tempted us to try the flan... and I'm glad they did... it was yummmy! Overall a fantastic experience. Without hesitation, we will be back!
4	I was afraid that maybe this place wouldnt be that great but I actually really liked it. I booked a table for a bachelorette party I was hosting. Never having gone here, I was not sure what to expect and if this would be a great place to have some drinks, good times, and get a little rowdy. It turned out to be the perfect place. Our waiter was cute and fun, the atmosphere was really nice yet casual. Next time, we will have to sit on their beautiful patio. And the food and drinks, unbelievable! Sure, its not traditional mexican food that you would find at some of the smaller joints in town and was a little higher in price, but it still tasted very good and the portions were still big enough that most of us didnt finish. In addition to chips and salsa (which were complimentary), we ordered some guacamole. I would say this was some of the best guac I have had and my friends loved it too. The salsa and chips were great as well with the salsa having excellent flavor and the chips being thick and crunchy. My friends ordered the pork taco's and ceviche while I opted for the beef short rib enchiladas. The girls loved the tacos and ceviche! Having tasted the ceviche, I concur that it was amazing. My enchilada's were very good as well with the enchilada sauce being very tasty and the meat was really tender and had a great flavor. The rice and beans that accompanied the entrees were ok though nothing really special. The rice was basically buttered rice which of course I like but we all felt it didnt belong with such a magnificent meal. What they should have served was more of the carrot cilantro salad that was on the plate as a garnish. Now this stuff was beyond amazing even though I have no idea what it was! For drinks, we all had different drinks. My friends loved their traditional margaritas, pomegranite grapefruit margarita, and cucumber fresca. I decided on the white peach and hibiscus margarita and although sweet, I couldnt stop drinking them! Cap the night off with some of their flan (which the waiter brought complimentary) and shots of patron tequila and we were happy campers. Im not usually a flan fan but this flan was really good and almost had the consistency of a cheesecake. and patron, well you know patron. All in all, my friends were extremely happy with the restaurant and it was a great start to a really fun and crazy evening.
5	Favorite taco place in Scottsdale.  Slightly pricey.  Great cocktails.
2	Like all Fox restaurants (except the new Culinary Dropout at Scottsdale Waterfront), this resturant is just ok, but not great. Starting with the decor, the restaurant is light and airy, with huge windows and lots of patio seating, which is nice. However, the decor reminded me more of a yacht club in the Hamptons than a spot in Mexico. Another big plus is that the hostess (who was friendly and upbeat) gives you a white or black napkins, depending on what you're wearing. I know this seems like a small thing, but if you've ever been given a white napkin while wearing black pants, you'll know the anguish it causes.To the food: As I said above, the food is good not great, but like all Sam Fox restaurants, its overpriced. Its not offensively bad, but its not Arizona mexican. There is just no excuse for serving mediocre Mexican food in Arizona, and this is the reason why I would not recommend Blanco. There are tons of great places in this city to try for upscale Mexican food- Barrio Cafe, and Gallo Blanco are my favorites. The salsa was the worst offender. Serving salsa that tastes like Pace Picante canned salsa is not only unforgiveable, but sets the meal off on a bad foot.Try again Sam Fox.
4	I've always thought pretty highly of most of the Fox Restaurant Concepts, and Blanco is no exception.  Although I've never had very great service here (kind of slow and unattentive), everything I've had on the menu has been excellent and they have a longer-than-normal beer list, too.  The prices of everything are especially fair, considering the quality of food.I think Blanco is a particularly good spot for groups.  The atmosphere always seems to be buzzing, and they have large enough spaces to bring several tables together.
5	I come here about once every two weeks after work and grab one of their tables outside.  I love their chips and salsa - and their happy hour prices are reasonable.  I always get the cheese quesadilla (which is marked down for happy hour)  and it never disappoints.  The service is always excellent and the establishment is very clean.  It's a great place whether you are dining alone or with a group.
2	It's my own fault.....I keep going back and each time my experience is different.   It's close to home and they do have good food, but HELP, WHY do I have to ASK for a plate and a napkin after my food has arrived??  Pay attention servers!
3	Blanco Taco and Tequila was ok. We went for drinks and to share an appetizer. We wanted to sit on the patio where the fire pit was, but it was full at the time. So we settled for a table on the other patio for our first round and a cheese crisp. We shared the short rib and avocado cheese crisp and it was good. The ingredients tasted fresh but it wasn't too spicy. I expect a little spicy when tacos and tequila are incorporated into the business name. Regardless, it was satisfying. After we finished our little appetizer, we headed to the patio with fire where we originally wanted to sit. There was then room, so we sat to have a few more cocktails and finish the ones we had. Well, we were able to finish the ones we had. Nobody acknowledged us for the ten minutes we sat there. The patio is open seating so it wasn't like we skipped a step and didn' t have the host seat us. We were totally ignored. I was definitely disappointed. This took away any desire I had to come back. If I'm invited I will go back. It's not on my list of places I will choose to go to though.
4	Upon suggestion of the "Scottsdale Native," I landed here one night for dinner. This place is part of Fox Restaurant Concepts group who is also responsible for Culinary Dropout, Wildflower, Modern Steak, Zin Burger, Sauce, Montana Avenue, Bloom among others. ATMOSPHERE: Awesome. Very happening, trendy with mostly young professional and older folks. Huge place with big open space. Great for groups with long table seating either booth or traditional table or couch. The wall opens up to the outdoor patio where you can sit on couches.  We sat inside since it was a bit chilly.FOOD: Latin/Mexican inspired menu. Huge portions!1. Complimentary chips/salsa - didn't have any chips as I like to usually eat my salsa by spoon since it's lower calorie that way. Good flavor, nothing spectacular. Wish it were a bit more chunkier. 2. Fish tacos - the Native and I split this dish and it was brought out split for us. It was like 2 entrees! I'm glad we split this since it was a ton of food. The dish came with rice, pinto beans (choice of black beans as well). Mini fish tacos (4) with grilled fish, avocado, pico de gallo. Very yummy. Always a fan of the grilled food even though it increases your colon cancer risk. 3. Crab and shrimp ceviche - containing cucumber, avocado, radish. Nice flavors. Not memorable however so there not much to write here..... simply because I can't remember..... I know it wasn't bad though.SERVICE: No complaints here. Attentive enough.PARKING: Private lot. No problems finding a spot.CONCLUSION: I think I would come here again more for the atmosphere but food is good too!
3	The fish tacos were good and the trendy atmosphere was nice. But, the whole thing was a bit too formula...like "restaurant in a box" concept. No outlyers, not much spice, fairly bland, middle of the road.....but wait, its in Arizona! Ok, no political jokes re Arizona. I was so-so with Blanco and will continue to explore on the next visit.
4	I LOVE this place. The burritos are the best ones I have ever had - and are completely original. Black beans with all sorts of squash, spinach, corn, etc. I am a really picky eater and they are always happy and willing to take out the things I don't like (pico de gallo, ew!). The first time I ever went to this restaurant, our waitress knew EVERY SINGLE INGREDIENT to that burrito and was extremely friendly. I definitely recommend going during the day, though, because it gets crowded at night and a little loud. It also can turn a little "scottsdale/snobbsdale" at night, and this is coming from someone who lives here. Also the wait time can be pretty terrible sometimes.Either way, I wouldn't skip this place! I love it.
4	Ok, this is a little premature from me, but I know that Brandon is waiting for this review. I made the mistake of mentioning Yelp when I sat down, so he was on top of his game. It reminded me of an episode of 3rd Rock from the Sun...Anyway, I say this is premature because, although I have been to Blanco twice now, I have only had drinks and apps, and I don't feel I know enough to write a full review.That being said, Brandon rocks. The Blood Orange marg that he suggested was tasty. A second one may have knocked me on my butt, but the alcohol was well hidden. I ordered the guacamole and is was creamy and chunky and delicious (also full of monounsaturated fats- hooray!). My friend ordered the Three Cheese Quesadilla with chicken. She liked that too.I would like to go back for more margaritas and maybe an order of the fish tacos. And the flan.Shout out to Brandon.
4	I was greeted by a very friendly hostess who directed me to a table on the patio.  It was 76 degrees outside and the heater was blaring over the table.  I asked if I could be moved, which she did no problem.The hostess gave a few suggestions since I had never been before.  I ordered the braised beef and avacado cheese crisp.  How tasty and unique!  Very nice blend of meat, avacado, cilantro, cheese and tomato.   A bit on the salty side, but the hot sauce accompanying it toned that down.I absolutely LOVED the sangria, although at $8, it was a bit over-priced, but tasty nonetheless.  I ordered a second cuz I'm on holidays.  If I lived here, Blanco probably wouldn't be a big deal.  But it is set just outside Borgata, a great shopping attraction.   I loved the patio, the staff were friendly, the food and drink very good.  For someone escaping winter and wanting a patio, tex mex and a nice setting, this will do the trick.
4	I may have had a little too much to drink the couple times I ate here but I thought the food was unreal and their presentation is even more impressive. I got the shredded beef enchiladas and it's all I thought about for the next week. Seriously. Like most things in Scottsdale it can get expensive fast but this is one of those few places where I just ignore the price column.
2	If you are looking for a nice, casual place for drinks and app's, this would probably work well. As a restaurant, it does not work.The food was flavorless and bland. The tuna ceviche may have been the worst I have ever eaten.  The only thing you could taste in the fish tacos was the corn tortilla. No spices, no cilantro, no spice, no flavor.The music was just loud enough where you could not really have a decent conversation if you were sitting inside.Overall, drinks on the patio would be the only reason I would go back.
2	Marginal food, small portions, over-priced.  Service was awful.  Pass
3	I came here with a large group of 8 or 10 people.The service was pretty good. It took a while to get my second drink. The food was ok. I had the "house specialty" beef short rib enchiladas. The guacamole we had as an app was very lumpy and the blood orange margarita was too sweet.
1	I'm still feeling my regrets for coming into this place. What a joke.  My mom and I have this thing about Mexican food/tex-mex restaurants in the valley-we've eaten at most all of them. When we go out for lunch, we generally look for a new one to try in the area we plan on being in around that time. Unfortunately, this is the place we stumbled upon.  Our server seemed already "put off" by us for some reason..I'm blaming it on the fact that I was wearing something with a pattern so he automatically knew I must be one of those "artistic" types who like real food and not some shitty Mexican version of Fuddruckers. We were doomed from the start.   I'll save you the details just because even I'M annoyed by how annoyed I was with every interaction with my server. After looking over the menu, I decided that I wasn't that into anything and just wanted a burrito. Word for word: Me - Can I get a burrito, beans, rice and sour cream only.   Oh and can you grill it, or put it on your flat top? Douche - WELL YEA THAT'S HOW THEY DO IT,....pFFFTttt, HOW ELSE DO YOU MAKE A BURRITO. WE ALWAYS MAKE THEM LIKE THAT ....... ... Me - Oh. I usually have to ask. Okaaay. - Server puts in the order then comes back. Douche - SO DO YOU WANT THAT ON THE FLAT TOP BECAUSE IT'LL FALL THROUGH ON THE GRILL. Me - Yea that's fine. Douche - LIKE TACO BELL Me - Ok. ... inner monologue Me - LISTEN DICK, YOUR MENU ISN'T APPETIZING SO JUST GIVE ME A FUCKING TORTILLA  A BEAN AND SOME TOMATO SO I CAN HAVE A MEAL WITH MY MOM THAT DOESN'T REVOLVE AROUND YOU BEING AN ASSHOLE. ehem.. Food came and I ate about a third of it before noticing little chunks of bacon in my burrito. THANK GOD I'm not a real vegetarian even though I say I am, I eat seafood and will try meat when I feel the quality of meat is on par with excellence at restaurants worthy of my money..  I also got the pleasure of witnessing about 11 plates of food up on the line for about 5 minutes, just sitting there while the servers folded silverware into napkins and talked about Carlos Mencia...or something equally as boring. Needless to say, I reluctantly left a tip.    I walked away immediately feeling nauseous and thoroughly grossed out by the whole experience - now 24 hours later - I have a headache that won't go away, what feels like the stomach flu and an intense feeling that I can never enjoy a burrito again.  ..I hope the lack of interest in burrito's is a phase, Blanco, for your sake. I'll never betray you again, Taco's Jalisco's.
4	This place is super fun - we had a girls' night here and it was a blast. Their margaritas are excellent, and the food was pretty good (though not super amazing, but it was more about the atmosphere and drinks). Great place to go if you're in the mood for something upbeat. Love that their bar is large but service is never a problem. Will definitely go back.
3	3-stars for the food, 4-stars for the service. We hit this place last Wed because we had a gift certificate and walked into an hour wait. Seeing as that we had a sitter and don't have that many date nights, I wasn't willing to waste an hour of it, sitting with spring-breakers in the lobby. After explaining that we were leaving, due to our limited sitter-time, the manager sat us. Immediately. Nice move, sir.We had great service from that point on. Almost to the point where it was too much, but I won't complain about the attention. The food is just okay and it always has been. Obviously, if you want real mexican, there are loads of better places to get it. The tacos were decent, but not original and the fundito dip is also very typical. It's like the chefs cater to visitors who don't know any better, when it comes to authentic mexican food. And that's fine, but it's not good.The drinks are okay. Apparently everyone has to have a blood-orange marg on their menu, right now. However, the one at The Mission-- WAY better, FYI.My biggest complaint about this place is the fact that it's just typical. And in a city the size of ours, we locals don't have to settle for typical. Unless you have a gift certificate.
5	I meet a client for dinner and drinks. I was greeted by a Hostess who stated it would be a 30-40 minute wait. I wasn't given an option to order drinks or appetizer. Never the less, my client showed up 10 minutes late and we were seated 5 minutes later. It took our servers 5-10 minutes to greet us and order drinks. Our server was training someone that NIGHT. She suggested beef tacos and burrito and I LOVED IT TO DEATH!!! I almost LICKED my plate. drinks were GREAT!! The Chef sent me a few dishes to TRY and it was awesome. SERVICE wasn't the greatest but the FOOD made the difference. I need to get back there soon!!
3	I enjoy this restaurant...its not the best, but its a nice environment and the service is really nice and the food is pretty good...I would definitely go back because I enjoy it...I really like the blood orange margarita...I am one of those ppl that like a sweet drink...so it was perfect for me!! The mojito is great too!  If I were coming here just for the drinks I would give it 5 stars.  They are fabulous! The chips and salsa is great, but I love chips and salsa.  I have had the carnita tacos and they were decent...I enjoyed them but I have had better!  It is a good restaurant.
1	Where to start?There were approximately 20 of us in our group, and we had called earlier in the week to make a reservation - since we knew it was a special occasion, a friends birthday, and we knew when, where, and approximately how many people would be there.  When we got there, they had given our tablyone sat down.  One of my friends was separated from the peoplee to an earlier birthday party who "still hadn't left yet"... and, by the looks of it, weren't planning on leaving any time soon.  Good for them, I wouldn't want them to rush, but the establishment should have planned a little better or figured that birthday parties/large groups would take longer.  That was frustrating, but they eventually sat us...However, when we get to the table... the "table" is 4 spots too short... and the waiters are obviously irritated we are there.  Those of us that could, plopped down in a seat to get out of the way of the waiters... well, little did we know that was our "seat" for the rest of the night and we weren't to move.They brought us another table or two to add on and ever in the group she knew - so everyone moved down so she could sit by people she knew.  This was while everyone was getting situated, drink orders were just being started, and WAY before we ordered food... however, one of the waiters decided to be a total prick about it and cause a scene about us "moving".Well... if you would have counted how many guests there were and set up the table in the first place, we wouldn't be moving... you rushed us to get seated so we were out of your way - now you should just DEAL with one person moving.  Not to mention, making a scene made all of us uncomfortable.I looked over the menu nothing looked particularly appealing (in fact, the menu is SOOOO unoriginal) - so I asked the waiter two questions - 1st, what the most popular dishes are, and 2nd, what he would order.  I took his suggestion and ordered the Combination Fajitas = Big mistake.My steak was charred to the point where the "char taste" is all I could taste.  The shrimp was decent, but nothing spectacular.  The skillet that the meat came on was hot, but there was so much liquid on it that it didn't sizzle and the meat was luke warm (at best).  It came with white rice (yuck)...and black beans.  The black beans were the best part of this whole dish...and the sad part, is that they were just regular old black beans with a little cheese on top.After I had tried to choke down 1 fajita, I decided I was done with the dish.  After everyone was done eating, the waiter came and asked me if I wanted a box.  He never asked me how my food was, how everything was tasting, if he could get me anything during my meal... just could he get me a box?!?!  Why would I want a box for burnt steak and cold shrimp??????Not to mention, after I finished my greyhound, I ordered an ice tea - and after finishing my first (and only) ice tea - he never asked me if I wanted more or came around with another Tea - in fact, I couldn't get his attention to even ask for another ice tea!!!  I spent over 45.00 on a meal and a couple of drinks and I received about 1.00 worth of service and mediocre (at best) food.  With all the good options and unique restaurants in the valley - it's safe to say this place is crossed off of my "list" as far as places I will eat again.
3	Should this actually be a 2 star review rather than 3? Probably, but I have eaten here several times in the past and enjoyed the casual environment. This seems to be the case of a good restaurant on the down hill slide. The service has gotten worse with each visit. This time the service was less than desirable. There was a really cute young lady at another table that got GREAT service from our waiter. Hey, I can't blame our waiter, I just don't want my family to not have what they want or need. When we asked him why there were only 2 tacos when he said the meal comes with 3, he went on a diatribe about how the Chef's and servers need to get on the same page. "Some chef's are cool with it (3 tacos vs. 2) and others aren't. We (Wait staff and kitchen staff) need to get on the same page." This looks like a lack of management control.Too bad! I likely won't be back any time soon.
4	My friends and I enjoyed celebrating Cinco de Mayo here.  We were able to score a nice table in the middle of the bar.  The Coronas and margaritas were great.  We had the chicken and beef soft tacos and gotta say, they were both good.Love the open floor plan.  Service was fast and friendly.
4	we were recommended this restaurant by the hotel staff.  A great place for good, seasoned, quality Mexican food.  Nice atmosphere.  The service is a titch slow, but the food makes up for it. Amazing guac.  Carnitas tacos are amazing.  Skinny Margarita is great.
4	Had a very nice experience here. Try the blood orange Margarita, its outstanding.  Cool location, friendly attentive service, tasty food and fair prices. I tried the Guacamole (YUM), the fajitas & the Tres leches cake (DOUBLE YUM)It is definitely not your typical mexican food, but that is what I liked about this place. Check it out if your in the neighborhood. And did I mention to try the blood orange Marg? Mmmmmmm!
2	I got to say this is probably the most accurate 3 star overall rating I've seen on Yelp in some time. I'm proud of you Phoenicians!This place was simply meh, especially given the huge amount of delicious mexican food places in AZ where you can get a kick ass margarita for a whole lot less than $10. We ordered a couple drinks and were disappointed with all of them; consensus was that they were all too sweet and not enough tequila, the sangria tasted like juice for peets sake. The chips are a nice thicker version however the salsa is thin and flavorless. Roast those tomatoes or something, throw in some heat! Their guacamole, although a decent flavor profile, needed a lot more lime and was super blended to the texture of those nasty avocado 'dips' you find next to french onion and ranch plastic containers. We all ordered tacos of various types for dinner, I had the roasted veggie ones with a hard shell. Man these were no good. The veggies were really oily from their saute and were used sparingly; the bottom of the tacos was cabbage. Honestly, the only good thing I ate tonight was the black beans, abet a bit salty. I will say our server was very friendly however the food just don't hold water to the prices. Try Tia Rosas in Mesa for some excellent mexican food and margaritas worth their $8 and more in tequila.
4	Outside Ambiance was fantastic, as we sipped out margaritas and enjoyed the warm night ari!  we got the cheese crips and guacamole for a quick appetizer night out with friends and the guac was amazing with just the right amount of garlic!we had a hard time getting a table on a saturday night (the wait seems to always be longer than they tell you it will be), but upon coming back on sunday, we were easily able to get a table outdoors.
2	I like the atmosphere at Blanco, but I really wasn't impressed by the food. I had the ahi tacos and for $13, I could have had a better tacos at a local hole-in-the-wall mexican joint. If you're looking to start your night off with drinks before hitting the town id recommend.$50 for two entrees and two draft beers, no thanks.
1	I would give zero stars but I am not sure it would post.If you like freezing cold food with warm ice tea , you have found it! Horrible service, we were greeted with a bowl of broken store bought chips and weak salsa, that was the high point! The waiter forgot to enter our order, when the food finally came it was ice cold. The manager picked up the tab, I prefer to have a good meal and pay. This Was torture. The staff is clueless. Sam fox has jumped the shark.
5	When I need a good mexican food "fix" and I'm at work, I go here. It is just down the road & it has always been good. I always get their chicken tacos. They hit the spot. Plus, I gotta say, their chips & salsa are pretty delicious as well. Yummy food!
4	Another solid Fox Restaurant Concepts establishment.  The FRC has developed a winning formula for differently themed restaurants.  Blanco is the Mexican outpost for this group.  Is the food authentic? No, but the food is good and I have never been let down from the numerous items we have had.  The chorizo, green chile and tomato cheese crisp rocks!  They also make a mean michelada...think bloody mary with lime juice replacing the lemon and a fine Mexican lager replacing the vodka.
3	I enjoyed a good margarita and the Machaca tacos were fantastic. My brother ate the ahi tacos which I tried that he raved about which I thought were just good nit great. Salsa was too mild for my liking so they brought out something with more bite which was good.  You can quickly come addicted to chips and salsa.  Nice atmosphere and nice urban feel to it. The dining room was spacious and very open.  I especially like the bar.  Ole'
4	Haven't tried the food....just the chips, salsa and guac.  All very good I thought.  Great margaritas too!  Sat on the front patio...the lounge patio.  It was nice and comfy, but the cushions on the chairs were pretty dirty and stained.  I'd like to go back and  try the food next time!
5	I think I became a bigger fan of this place after trying their shrimp and crab ceviche. Simply amazing!!!! I could order bowls of this stuff (something I think I do during their happy hour since its half off) and be content with that. Their shortrib cheese crisp with avocados was equally as delish. Great flavor to the short ribs. Had their guacamole and it was wonderful again, seems to be pretty consistent. Same thing with their white peach hibiscus margarita. I could literally drink 10 of these things which will get me into trouble at some point I am sure. Blanco has great food and fun atmosphere with a hip and trendy vibe. Even the hubby enjoyed the food even though this is not his type of place. Try it, you will be a fan too   :)
3	Solid Mexican food. Good drinks and service. Very crowded. Long waits. No validation for valet parking. Extremely high noise level - almost impossible to hold a conversation here.
5	Amazing food , service and atsmosphere!  Best Braised Shortrib Tacos on the planet! You will never be disappointed.  Go there!  You will love, love, love it.
5	Great location, Excellent Service and Wonderful tacos. I sat at the bar, the bartender was friendly and helpful. Was around 2pm and the place had a nice buzz to it. The chips and salsa are great. I had the tacos. Yummy!
1	This place absolutely sucks, only reason I gave it one star is because they won't allow a post without a rating. Customer Service is horrible. My wife and I went on vacation to visit family in AZ. Our last day out there we look for an El Torito, that no longer exist and stumbled upon this place. We walk in and are immediately seated, this is the only good thing about the place. We have 3 servers go by us in a matter of 20 minutes before our server is with us to take our drink order.This place is a step away from a pig sty, flies everywhere. Not your one of two insignificant miscreants that's at your family bbq, i mean a swarm of flies crawling everywhere. We were brought chips and salsa, the salsa was bland, they could have brought out a jar of Pace Picante and I would have been happier eating that. We ordered guacamole and a quesadilla for appetizers. The guac was bland, no flavor, taste like pure oily avocado, like a little salt would not have hurt. After we waited 10 mins on our appetizers, our drinks still haven't arrived. They came shortly after, when we had to ask for saucers for our appetizers; which 2 out of 5 were dirty. I didn't eat the quesadilla and the guac was left unfinished. By this time I was beyond livid, with the lack of service and no one around to seemingly care, I was debating walking out faster than we had walked in.The entire time there were two managers who did everything but manage; from daps and high fives at the bar, to holding our server up while sitting at a table less than 8 feet away from ours. The whole visit was just horrendous, I absolutely advise any and everyone not to eat at this place. I eventually got fed up of waiting and walked over to the table where BOTH MANAGERS AND OUR SERVER were having a conversation and explained that our party would be leaving and the reasons why. The manager seemed as if he completely feigned interest, didn't seem quite worried about keeping us there or working to please these people who have been neglected. Needless to say the mgr comp'd the food and we left.I thanked both managers for the attempt at pleasing us but we prefer to go elsewhere. Worst experience ever, the place is nice, very easy on the eyes, staff is unhelpful, customer doesn't matter, just the potential tip they'd earn; which in my opinion is all the more reason to be attentive. We went to StingRay Sushi, much better place to spend our last day of vacation.
2	The mojito was good but it took a long time to get service.
4	Stopped in here while waiting for our table at a nearby restaurant for a margarita with friends.  The place was packed so we hovered at the bar where we got served pretty quickly some awesome margaritas, chips, and salsa.  Looking forward to my next trip out here to try some of their food.
4	our waiter was awesome! i had the steak fajitas and they were totally over priced at $18 but some of the best fajitas ive ever had!!! i didn't eat any of the sides or tortillas because the meat portion was so large and that was my favorite part. (that's what she said!) this is a fox concept i will happily, HAPPILY go to. scrumptious.
4	The food here is great and service is excellent. Do not come here if you want traditional/authentic Mexican food. Its super americanized, but that is not necessarily a bad thing.
3	I really wanted to like this place. The ambiance is cool, the menu items looked appealing and the service was average. Unfortunately, our food was OK and I felt it was overpriced for what we got. The sangria we ordered was refreshing was only $20 for a pitcher. All in all, I probably wouldn't come back here unless it was for happy hour which I have been told is a good way to experience this restaurant.
5	This place deserves all the stars.Food: AMAZING Try the pork tacos mmmm mm mmmmDrinks: AMAZING The mojitos are excellentService:  Really goodWait times on a Fri, Sat night...not so good but worth it!!!Love Love love this place.
4	This is another Fox Restaurant Concept and they've once again created a unique and innovated culinary experience based on a timeless classic. I love Mexican food and Blanco has taken it to another level. They have a large menu with enough selection and diversity to satisfy anyone. My favorite item on the menu are the Ahi Tuna tacos, they are simply spectacular. Nothing better than a few tacos and a corona after a long day of work. My only issue with this restaurant is the service. For some reason the staff is less attentive here than at other Fox Restaurants. I've been here 5 of 6 times and the service is always so-so. The food more than makes up for it though.
5	Blancos is a winner!Tacos & Tequila - does it get any better?  Very nice decor, patio and indoor seating, super nice hostesses, bar service while you wait for your table, this is one great place.  Things I thought were great: the energy, the people watching, chips & salsa, $4 draft beers, and my Machaca burrito ($16, albeit pricey) -- but overall a great place!!  I would go back anytime!2/16/2012: Update...the machaca burrito has been lowered to $13.  Thank you!  Had it again, sooooo good!
3	i love margaritas, and they have really good margaritas. i really like the way it's decorated and has a pretty cool ambiance for lunch/happy hour so I would go back for that but the food..ehh, didn't think it was anything special. It's def very tex-mex-y so if you are looking for mexican food, this isn't the place. I don't like when restaurants use nacho cheese instead of regular cheese on nachos and Blanco uses nacho cheese.I also wasn't a fan of the chips and salsa they give you..
3	I went here with the BF tonight for restaurant week and honestly.... it was not that awesome. The space is very nice looking and open, which was probably the best part of the night. We shared some guac... and it was fine... not overly flavorful, but not bad or inedible... I had the short rib enchiladas and they were also ok. The short rib was good, but the sauce did not add anything to it. The beans were bland and the rice was waaay too buttery. The BF had the chicken tacos, which he liked, but I thought it was at about the same level as chilis.... nothing special. We had the tres leches cake and it was really dry for supposedly being a tres leches cake.... It kinda tasted like a dry carrot cake with milk around it. Not awesome. I would not come back here, but the food isn't really worth the money in my opinion.
3	Tried them out for lunch today and was not impressed, not inspired, but I am pleasantly full.  Their prices are *gasp* fairly decent for being in the Borgata on Scottsdale and I would definitely recommend them for lunch.  We had their "famous" guacamole which was honestly not flavored enough.  Everything tasted good, but didn't leave me saying "wow."
4	Went to Blanco for our 3rd restaurant week meal. Been here before and it's great.  the hostess really was having a bad night and just needed to go home. Not one smile or even a hello. When we walked in just a blank stare. Great! (sarcasm)  Food and service were otherwise really good.   I had the green chile pork enchiladas and I love a good tomatillo sauce. The tres de leche cake was also wonderful!  It's kind of loud place and we got to hear the conversation about blow jobs from the table next to us.
1	the Fox corporation owns this one along with it's next door neighbor  " J. Alexanders".I havent made a meal in my kitchen for years and depend upon the good restauranteurs of Phoenix for sustanence.Sadly these two places mentioned herein are  now off the rotation list of places to eat. WE have watched the corporate cutbacks on food quality gradually decline into unacceptable levels.September 23rd , I ordered fish tacos with a side of guacomole. What I got was three miniscule 3 inch tortillas each containing a very small,  less than bite size piece of fish. I have seen these small tortillas at other eateries served as appetizers in portions of three just like this offering. The fish tacos were about 15 bucks! The side of guacomole was 9 bucks! Even if the food was excellent  (which it was far from) the portion size was pathetic . Just a bad deal all way around. Locals avoid it now and apparently the locale next to several hotels may keep it going. Unsuspecting tourists be warned. AVOID this one.
5	I came to Blanco last week for restaurant week. With a name like Blanco, I was expecting a white type of theme.  Here is my breakdown:Atmosphere: Blanco was definitely a very modern themed "New" Mexican feel.  There was a good crowd there for happy hour and quite a few dinner guests coming in.  Drinks: We had margaritas and white sangrias.  I would recommend the pomegranate margarita.  You get some antioxidants, lol.Food: Even before we get to the meal, the chips and salsa was amazing.  The chips were like Pita Style Chips and the salsa had a good kick, but not too spicy either.  We got the 2 for $30 restaurant week and 1 a la carte pork tacos.  We shared an appetizer of shrimp ceviche.  I usually like the halibut ceviche or white fish ceviche, but I was quite surprised how yummy this was with the tangy flavors I love in ceviche.  The 2 entrees were green chile pork enchilada and mahi mahi fish tacos.  I am usually not a big fan of pork, but it was flavored beautifully with the green chile.  The fish tacos were very light and flavorful.  The dessert was tres leche milk cake.  I was actually not expecting much out of the dessert since I was so happy and full from everything else.  THE DESSERT SEALED THE DEAL TO 5-STARS!  It had a creamy but light spongy feeling going down my tummy.Service: The service also brought this rating up more.  We got great attention throughout our meal.  In the end, one of the guys who brings chips and salsa was taking my food away.  I mentioned I wanted a box.  I thought he was taking my food away to box.  A few minutes passed by, and I got the feeling her threw my food away.  I told the server what happened, and it looks like the chips guy didn't know English that well.  She brought out a brand new meal boxed up!!!Overall, this was a great experience with great company!
4	upscale mexican food is hard to pull off but they do it well. TVs throughout the bar if you need to watch a game. The wrap around bar is nice and the vibe inside is first class, like all FOX concepts restaurants.
3	Came here for a Saturday dinner, the place was pretty big and pretty busy. Contemporary decor and very nice staff! Here's a bit of recap of what we had:~Chips & Salsa - 3 stars - decent and limitless!~Crab & Shrimp Ceviche - 5 stars! I absolutely loved this! Very refreshing!!~Grilled Fish Taco - 3 stars - nice presentation and good.~Beef 'House Specialty' Enchilada - 1 star... the meat was way too salty, and I guess it was so special that just don't expect this to be your normal enchilada from anywhere...quite disappointed on this house special~Tres Leche Cake - 3.5 stars - it was decent with some whipped cream and strawberries on top, but the cake wasn't so soaked and the cinnamon taste was too strong....I'd visit again just for some chips and ceviche!!
5	This was quite a pleasant surprise!I have been a fan of Fox concepts for a while, and was excited when I heard they had a new taco and tequila spot.  Our light lunch very quickly turned into an all afternoon affair peppered with cocktails, tacos and dessert galore.We started with the guacamole, which was very fresh and flavorful.  For entrees, the three of us each ordered a different taco plate, and we all shared, which was the way to go.  We had the Carnitas, Carne Asada and Shrimp.  Although the Carnitas was great, the Shrimp tacos took the grand prize.  They are battered in a Negro Modelo batter and fried.  The sauce pairs perfectly, and the salsa is perfect.For dessert, we tried one of everything.  I was a huge fan of the flan, which was extremely light and perfect consistency.  The chocolate cake was insanely rich.  The bread pudding was awesome.All that, and I haven't even got to the best part- the tequila!  I enjoyed delicious Paloma's throughout the meal, and my guest had margaritas.  We were all quite pleased.  We also enjoyed a nice Don Julio 1942 to top everything off.  The cocktail list is diverse and full of fresh ingredients.  The tequila list is extensive and well-rounded.I highly recommend their patio if you have an afternoon (and a healthy budget) to waste.
1	Such a Disappointment! I love Fox Restaurants so I was uber excited to finally check this place out. We started with the Guacamole. It looked amazing but was bland and flavorless. I ordered the ahi tacos and they were "meh". Now my guy and I LOVE desserts but were so disappointed with what we had.. why bother hitting a disappointing trifecta? Great decor, great service, boring flavorless food.
4	Best service I have had in a LONG time! Holy amazing is what this staff is. Our food arrived in less than 15 minutes of ordering, the drinks were prompt and our waitress checked on us the perfect amount of times. And the food was amazing too! Dinner and dessert - both amazing. I really dig this place and hope to hit it up soon again. I can't stress how fantastic the staff were!
5	I've been to Blanco's a ton of times, but I keep forgetting to write down my review, so here it goes:Fox Concept restaurants are, by far, my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale. I'm a huge fan of Olive & Ivy (check out my review), and Blanco's Tacos & Tequila. We come here for lunch about once a month in a group of 6 or so. It's pretty conveniently located too for anyone in the Old Town area. Since I'm a regular here, i can speak on consistency. Their service is always great. I've read multiple reviews complaining about the service and I've never experienced it, and I've been here for lunch and dinner. The food is also always good, never disappoints.Food: I always get tacos. I've tried 4 different types: fish, chicken, carnitas, and carne asada. My fave is always the carne asada, but the rest are great. The beans are boring, but that's pretty much anywhere you go. Let's talk about that rice: What the heck do they put in that rice?! Cheese? cream? I don't know, but it's an ongoing mystery with my fellow Blanco's guests. I can't describe how delish it really is, you just have to try it yourself. The only thing my husband doesn't like is the serving size. Personally, I think it's perfect, but he's a big man, so he needs a lot of food. Just watch out for appetizers, that's where my bill tends to add up quickly. Kids meals are good and not much different than most other mexican establishments.
5	great food (have the cranberry Margarita and carne asada tacos), great service and wonderful all around experience. we had a long wait due to a surprise rain shower which moved those dining outside in and they did all they could to get us to a table plus the host brought us delicious guacamole for our troubles and the manager stopped by to personally apologize and thanks us. our server was perfect and the decor was darling. we will definitely be back - even with the 40 minute drive to get there. one of my favorite mexican places ever.
4	Went here this evening and had the crispy shrimp tacos, and all I can say is OM NOM NOM! Also, the beans are delicious, but the rice is so out of this world, that next time, I may double up on the rice. Also, do yourself a favor and order the guacamole to start with (though they do top it with tomatoes, which makes me sad, but is totally a personal thing). Another couple we went with got the carnitas burrito and loved it as well.To top it all off, our waitress (though now I have forgotten her name, of course) was absolutely delightful. The sinks in the bathroom are also really cool, if any of you are into that :)
4	My husband and I really enjoyed our first visit to Blanco last night.Service was great (he even packed us up some salsa and chips to go!) and the ambiance is nice.We started with the Crab and Shrimp Ceviche (big chunks of seafood; nice and crisp) and the Shrimp and Corn Cheese Crisp (grilled sweet corn complemented the sharp cheese SO nicely! Yum)Our main meals were Tacos (Machaca, great flavor! and Roasted Chicken, which was way too salty; only bad note of the night) and we barely finished everything. No room for dessert but we were feeling fat and happy.Will definitely return!
3	It was just ok.  Good chips and salsa and guac.  I had the cheese enchilada and it was alright--just nothing special.  I did have the flan and that was the best part of the meal...tasted like creme brulee.  I may give it a shot again and try something else.  They do have great service.
4	Food was great, nice atmosphere, lots of space so you don't feel cramped.  Service was quick.  We went for lunch during the week and it was a great experience.
4	Great and friendly wait staff and delicious salads! There Mexican Chopped Salad is reasonably priced and delicious! There chips and salsa are also good and they have a good happy hour. Just a fun and convenient place to grab dinner.
2	Cant compare to the Barrio Queen.
4	Love the atmosphere of this place. They have a live Dj as well and plays a variety of music. Great food. Great place to just hang out and have some dinner and drinks.
3	There are quite a few expensive looking restaurants in The Borgata, but I don't know how they manage to stay open, it was practically deserted. Still, it was my first time there, so maybe that's the exception and not the norm. What set Blanco apart and ultimately made us decide to go here was the very welcoming outdoor space on a perfectly beautiful day.The best part of the food came free, the chips and salsa. I'm a big fan of frescas and cucumber beverages so I ordered the cucumber-kumquat fresca it was very refreshing and delicious. Pistachio and Goat Cheese salad was disappointing; avocados were hard. I don't think avocados were even listed as part of the salad on the menu. If I were preparing it I'd never put a less than perfectly ripe avocado slice on a salad. It's like biting into ice cream and realizing it's "light" or being an innocent child who suddenly finds out life isn't fair or finding out the person you love doesn't love you back or...anyway it's heartrendingly disappointing. Please spread awareness about unripe avocados and refrain from serving them anywhere, ever.But I digress. The patio situation was beautiful and comfortable, but eating a meal out there was very awkward. To make a long description short, the most comfortable ways to eat without occasionally dumping food all over myself were to hold the plate under my chin or lean over the small umbrella stand/table to my left.
4	I went there with my BF yesterday for a late lunch and it was an amazing experience. It was our first time there. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. Our server was attentive and was quick in taking out orders and checking in with us  every few mins. I had the Cheese and Guacamole Crisps which were to die for. It's like an open quesadilla over a crisp tortilla very different and delicious. My bf had Enchiladas. Now they were not your normal enchiladas. They were served in a bowl with the tortilla in the bottom, filling over it and then covered with a layer of cheese with rice and beans on the side. We've been to many Mexican restaurants, but this was an interesting concept that we enjoyed. The ambiance is amazing. Perfect for a date night or family dinner. There's outside seating where you can sit around the fire. There's also a fully stocked bar in the middle which is very pretty and tvs around to watch teh game. Overall a great experience and would definitely go there again.
2	I've been to Blanco twice and I haven't been thrilled with the food either time.  Their chips and salsa are just okay.  I feel like their salsa lacks flavor.  I usually order the carne asada tacos which are nothing to write home about.  Their house rice is very creamy and not like most Mexican rice dishes I've tasted.
4	Great service, cool ambience and tasty food! It may not be too authentic mexican but their style, blend of flavors and creativity of menu offered is great. Must try dessert- Flan, yumm! Love the enchiladas, fajitas(done differently than most places- veg fajitas come with small diced veggies instead of long cut ones and small tortillas)Be prepared for atleast half an hour wait over the weekend, they dont take reservations.
3	Very busy restaurant, waited 45 minutes without a reservation. Decided to get food to go. Bartenders and hostess were great, even gave us a free drink for our long wait. Took our food back to the hotel and enjoyed it. We'll give this place another go next time we're in Scottsdale.
5	Oh! My... I love this place!!!!  The food and service is excellent! Great atmosphere, really if you are in the area, it is worth to try, you will love it! I will definately go back next time I am in Scottsdale! Be prepared to wait as it gets very busy, but is all worth it!
2	We went on a Thursday night around 6 PM thinking it would not be busy.We were quoted 20 to 40 minute wait but ended up getting seated after an hour and 15 minutes. There were about 5 open tables when we got seated. Our server came by once and we ordered everything at that point. He never returned to see if we needed anything else not even another drink. We never got our waters we asked for as well. Then we had to hunt him down for our check which he brought 10 minutes later. I won't be returning. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because my tacos were good.
3	Lovely restaurant in the Borgata, typical trendy decor that the Fox restaurants have going for them.  My girlfriend and I met up for margs and lunch on a Saturday, it was busy but we were able to get a table right away.  Our server was slow and not very friendly.  I had the cucumber and kumquat margarita with shrimp tacos.  The margarita was far better than the tacos - they were just normal shrimp tacos.  My friend got a cheese crisp which looked amazing and I would highly recommend that dish to anyone.
4	We went to Blanco on a Saturday around 11:30 for lunch. The place was jam packed! If it isn't a scorcher outside, find a shady spot on the patio- the cushioned patio furniture is super comfy and the misters make the heat a little more tolerable. Definitely have the guacamole! It's fresh and flavorful and a good accompaniment to the chips and salsa. The cheese crisps are a must- kind of a Mexican flatbread the size of a medium pizza. The street tacos were good- tiny, but good! Several unique drink options are on the menu. The mixed berry marg seemed to be the crowd favorite. Give Blanco a shot if you're in the mood for Mexican!
1	I've been a customer of Blanco's for quite a while now. It's a go-to place for girl's night or a quick bite with my hubby. Unfortunately, Blanco has lost both my husband and I as patrons.On a recent Saturday night, we were craving a delicious cheese crisp and pitcher of sangria. After we had learned our lesson on weekends past, my husband called ahead for seating and we were informed it would be 45 minutes. No big deal and nothing we didn't expect. An hour after our call in time, and waiting in the restaurant for 30 minutes, I approached the hostess asking where we were on the list. She informed me it would be just a bit longer and they were working to get us a table. Half an hour after that, no table. I politely approached again and it was clear that we had been skipped, marked off the list and forgotten. The hostess stated the next table would be ours and to give them just a few more minutes. When I went to sit back down, the couple sitting next to us were seated. Infuriated, we both decided it was time to leave. My husband gave our pager back and the hostesses stood there like deer in the headlights. They said sorry but made no attempt to make the situation right. I find this type of thing to be completely unacceptable. We were patient, understood there would be a wait and still chose to spend our date night at this restaurant. In return we were greeted with lousy customer service and no table. On the plus side, we discovered a new restaurant right across the way we have been to multiple times now. Thanks for the help, Blanco!
2	We were looking for Mexican food today in Scottsdale and happened upon Blanco. Nice location, well-appointed, and adequately staffed. We came in well after lunch but before dinner - 'Linner." I got the fish tacos ($13) and my husband got a cheese enchilada ($10). I was served three tortillas no more than 3 inches in diameter with bits of chopped stuff and one piece of fish the size of my thumb in each. I'm a small person, so this was okay, but the fish was almost inedible. Awful stuff. My husband's enchilada was in a small iron skillet and had a sugary sauce. Disappointing. I couldn't get a regular iced tea either - they only had passion fruit and green hibiscus. I got a pomegranite/grapefruit margarita which was pretty good, but pretty light overall. If you were looking to party, you'd have to down several of these $9 concoctions to really feel it. Total bill, with tip, for this affair was just under $40.Skip it if you're looking for a nice meal. If you're looking to hang out with friends, munch on some appetizers and drink, then it's sorta kinda okay.
3	I have been here several times with friends and the food is fantastic!  We are totally convinced that Blanco's is the place where FOX servers come to train because we have had HORRIBLE service EVERY single time! So, if you have low expectations of customer service, then this is the place for you! The tacos are outstanding!
4	Had  areally fun time here with a big group after Spring Training! Big long tables in thse bar are great for big groups- simple menu worked for vegetarians in our group too. Sangria was so-so, but that's what I get for ordering it when I should have had a margarita!
5	I was brought here by some friends and co workers. I haven't ever been here and I must say it was perfect. This place was very friendly and very delicious. The shanty was my favorite drink. I highly recommend the chicken mole.
4	Great place but a call ahead or reservation system should be in place.
4	I have been to Blanco many times for lunch and dinner.  The ambience is super nice... interior decor and openness... the patio super for snacks and drinks with friends during the "good " months in Arizona.One of my favorites is the tortilla soup.  They have changed it up over the past years.. it is less brothy now.  It is very tasty and yummy. They now have a fun little lunch menu with smaller $3 portions so now you can order a few things from the menu and try a lot of them.  We also had a couple of the tacos and they were delish.Did I mention the waitresses are super friendly and helpful.... and keep the drinks fresh and coming.  And ... as a side note... the hostesses wear the cutest little dark blue  skirts that are easy on the eyes. :)
4	I went to Blanco Tacos + Tequila in Scottsdale with my family for my birthday dinner. This is another one of Sam Fox's restaurants, and it serves up modern Mexican fare. Our party of five all got a ton of food that definitely required to-go boxes throughout the meal.The atmosphere at Blanco totally didn't surprise me, considering it's a Fox eatery. There was the open kitchen, huge hanging lights, centrally located bar and airy feel. It was chic and dimly lit with candlelight, but there were televisions throughout broadcasting football games. It was a great mix of casual and fancy, making it the type of place where it's perfectly acceptable to go and just down a couple margaritas, or have a fun dinner date.I started with the Blood Orange Margarita ($9), which you should get with salt even though it's a little sweet. It was a strong drink, and the sweetness wasn't overpowering.For my meal, I started with the housemade guacamole to go with our tasty chips and spicy salsa, then had cheese enchiladas and finished with a Tres Leche cake. The guacamole was so amazing, other people at the table were also inspired to order it for their starter. I really liked the cheese enchiladas, but, as my mom pointed out, they're more modern in that they're not smothered and dripping with cheese. Instead, they're covered in an interesting creamy ancho sauce. I guess I prefer traditional cheese enchiladas, but there was still a ton of cheese inside the tortillas that made me happy.The cake was really interesting. Someone compared it to a bread pudding, since it was really crumbly and wet because it was drenched in a milky sauce. I liked it, but it was too rich to finish.Altogether, I thought the meal was an excellent deal. I would definitely go back for the lively ambiance and tasty take on Mexican food.
3	This place has a lot going for it in terms of atmosphere and the food is like other Sam Fox restaurants: consistent and pretty good. This is not an amazing dining experience and the food isn't anything special, but it's a relaxing restaurant. The service is pretty bad. Super young wait staff that look good but are slow and sometimes rude. I've eaten here 4-6 times and I always get the guacamole to start and the kobe beef burrito. The burrito is huge and I always have leftovers. One great thing about Blanco is the rice -- it's an odd side since it's pretty buttery but I think it's yummy. The chips and salsa are standard and I've often had stale chips. Also, the Pepsi is usually flat.In sum: the food is pretty good and the atmosphere makes this place an appealing restaurant to return to, however the sub-standard service hit-or-miss drinks/chips can taint an otherwise good experience.Go here and try it -- just know it's a gamble.
4	Good margarita, rice, salsa and chicken tacos.
1	The ambience was superb! I ordered the Chicken Mole.  It was so salty that I could only take a couple of bites.  My husband ordered the Taquitos which had no flavor.  The service was mediocre.  Probably won't return.
2	This place is your typical high ceiling, ostentatious, characterless place with pretty girls and pretentious people that one would expect to find in Scottsdale. The food is good but uninspired, the service is awful as others have mentioned:  the kid behind the bar was too busy talking to the other servers rather than attending to customers. She's pretty and thinks that she'll get good tips just based on her looks?In other words, this place is a Phoenician's dream. Fox concepts (could be called Phoenix concepts) fits in perfect in a city lacking any culture or character. Enjoy.
4	I went for happy hour and was pleased with the food and service.  I agree with some of the past reviews that the food is nothing special.  The guac was good, but I prefer the Guac at the Mission.  There is something special about it made at your table with your choice of spice.  The fish tacos were average.  The ceviche was good.  The service was great.  Our server was very friendly and attentive.  Always checking in on us and offering additional drinks.
4	The food here is great! I learned about them after they won "Best Taco" at a taco festival in Tucson. The first time I went, I ordered their BBQ tacos and they were delicious. I really enjoyed it and had to come back for more! They have a special called 100 days of summer where you can order a la carte tacos, rather than ordering off of the menu and getting 3 of the same kind. It was an awesome deal and I got 4 different kinds.
3	I had a perfectly nice evening.  I'm not a big fan of the Fox restaurants and it is getting to the point that you can't eat out in Phoenix without eating at one of Sam Fox's restaurants.  We have been in several times because it's casual, close to home and the bar staff is friendly.  I'm a fan of the Shrimp Salad and my partner usually goes for the fish tacos.  The food is good.  We keep coming back because the wait staff is friendly.So why only three stars.  On our last visit there was weird burnt stuff in my salad that turned out to be charcoal.  The staff was accommodating about the situation, took the food back, and bought us a round of drinks, but yeeech...Anyway, it's a good casual place for dinner.
5	I have been searching everywhere for a decent fish taco and haven't found one until I went to Blanco. There fish tacos are unbelievably delicious.
2	The only reason this restaurant gets 2 stars from me is because, the flan was delicious!The food on the other hand, is terrible. The flatbread pizza is a burnt, very thin pizza with scattered vegetables with NO cheese. It was like bitting into a dry piece of wood.We also tried the crispy shrimp tacos and they were OK. When you bit into it, you really got the taste of mayonnaise, which i do not like. The guacamole was surprisingly not good. It was kinda watery and too lemony/limey.The actual restaurant was very pretty though. It was like a nice beach party house.
2	I just don't get how this place is popular. The only redeeming items here are their overpriced guac and overpriced margaritas. All the food is very average, with very little flavor. Do yourself a favor and go pretty much anywhere else in Scottsdale for better options at a lower price.
4	Solid solid Tex-mex.Took an out of towner here, as she is extremely sensitive to spicy foods- but still loves Mexican....And this place was perfect.She had the pork enchiladas and couldn't stop raving about them!
3	Delish but please tell me if you're using lard or some animal products... I was so sick after! Don't look at the pretentious customers.
4	Its a pretty cool restaurant to hang out at.  My tacos were good and my margarita was tasty!  Service was good and the ambiance was lively and fun.
4	Love Blanco!We went during happy hour and sampled many items. Blood orange margaritas, hibiscus margaritas, guac, nachos, requires- all were excellent...and half price!! We had a cute little waitress Chloe who was sweet and very attentive.Saw no pretentious, snotty people as mentioned in previous reviews, just happy customers and employees. Thanks Blanco!
3	We visited Blanco Scottsdale for the first time and came away impressed.Blanco's is one of the Fox Restaurant Group places, and it is a nice concept in upscale gourmet Mexican food. http://www.foxrc.com/The Chicken Fajitas were flavorful at $15.00, as were the Machaca Tacos for $12.00 and BBQ Pork Tacos for $11.00 (See photos). The Ground Beef Nachos ($12.00, plus $6.00 for a side of Guacamole) went pretty quickly. Our lunch bill for a party of four came to $68.53 before tip and everything was very good, though admittedly some of the portions were small.
4	My wife and I went here based on the recommendation of the housekeeper at our hotel on a Friday night.No reservation so we were asked to wait for 20 minutes.   No problem..walked over to the bar and a margaritas later we were ready to be seated.   Got a seat adjacent to the bar and the bartender waited on us.   She did a great job too.The margaritas were very good -- nice and tart and didn't skimp on the booze.   The salsa and chips was very tasty.   The chips are thick and crunchy and nicely salted.  The salsa is smoky and thick and has nice bite.   We also ordered some guacamole and boy that was delicious!    You get a huge portion.  Very fresh too.  We could have made a meal of that alone.For entrees I had the shrimp fajitas which I really enjoyed.    They came with corn tortillas and black beans (very good too).   The shrimp were plump and in a spicy sauce.   I liked everything about this meal.My wife had the fish tacos though and came away disapointed.  Average was her description.    She did love though the flan / fruit she had for dessert.The servers did a great job too.    We would definitely eat here again.
2	This place was good but it's not a cheap authentic Mexican meal.  The chips were thick & not warm or salty so they were not that good & I had they chicken enchilada with verde (green) sauce & they were just ok. They also use a smll iron skillet to layer their corn tortillas, chicken cheese & sauce almost like a mini lasagna instead of rolled flour tortilla enchiladas. The black beans were ok & the boyfriend was disappointed with their rice ("tasteless") & their smoky salsa & the grilled corn was way underdone. We each had 1 import beer no apps or guac & our bill was over $60. Seems pretty touristy & hipster
3	We went to Blanco's recently and showed up at 6:15pm.  Got a pager and was told it would take 25 minutes.  Since the bar was full we went across to J Alexander's for drinks (awesome bar).  5 minutes later we get paged.  The rest of our party isn't here yet.  The hostess states that just come back and we'll put you at the top.  We do come back and well we are put at the bottom of the list and don't sit until 8:00 pm.  My patience only goes so far, and fortunately the manager was very accomodating and took a good chunk off our meal.  The food and service were exceptional, but waiting 2 hrs for a table when there were other open tables wasn't.  And yes, there was a significant amount of the pretentious crowd.  I originally thought our neglect was racial in nature.  If the food and service wasn't as good, the rating would've fallen significantly.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale. Everything I've had was very good. Plus they serve Pepsi. I typically get the Fish Tacos, but had a burrito tonight. We shared some guacamole and nachos. Great appetizers!
4	Food- The complimentary chips and salsa are delicious. The chips are homemade and a little bit thicker than most restaurant tortilla chips. The salsa is also really good.I typical get a mixture of side dishes and mix them together to make a "naked" burrito or burrito bowl. The beans are perfectly seasoned and really flavorful. Same with the rice. Their charred corn is always cooked well. I did get the carrots and jalepenos one time, and it was SO spicy that I couldn't eat it. I have a medium tolerance for spice.I also enjoy the White Peach and Hibiscus Margarita. It has a great flavor. My husband typically gets the Machaca Burrito made Enchilada style. It comes in a cast iron type individual casserole dish. Service- The servers are really attentive and helpful, giving suggestions of menu items and accommodating special requests.Decor- The design of the restaurant is really cool. Nice blues and whites, huge industrial type light fixtures. A nice patio and stocked bar in the middle of the main dining room.In all fairness, we don't frequent Blanco, because you can get Mexican food that is just as good at a cheaper price point, but I do enjoy splurging on the ambiance of Blanco once in a while.
3	Was really expecting more based reviews and what friends were saying about Blanco but really its pretty much just OK.Food was OK... not bad, but nothing that got me excited. Service was just under OK which I find to be pretty standard at Fox restaurants. On the plus side the decor is pretty nice and it is a nice atmosphere to dine in. Not sure I would go back.
4	Visited last night spur of the moment decision was able to get a sitter and was craving Mexican but wanted to try something new, so we pounded our heads together and decided to visit Blanco.This was our first visit and for a Wednesday this place was full,we were greeted by a friendly Manager who wass helping at the desk for a bit to manage the wait, we were quoted 30-40 minutes and decided we would head to the bar to get a drink while we wait. The two girls behind the bar were very busy and could of used a third, they were having a tough time keeping up but were still friendly, however with one girl in the well getting buried that left only the one to handle the crowd and guests at the bar, with that said they were able to get my order we had a beer and a margarita and both were great... beer was cold and margarita was very good! We checked out the place very modern with good Latin/Hispanic music in the back ground with a cool open kitchen.After about 30 minutes our pager went off and we were escorted to our table. We were greeted promptly by our server Justin ( I believe that was his name) he was professional and curtious and had all the answers to our questions.We had to try a cheese crisp, because that how we always do it, not my favorite but not bad...We couldn't make up our mind so we decided to do the fajita combo. Different compared to most on the presentation but the chicken and steak were both great. The chicken and steak must be prepared on a grill because they have a smokey flavor to them, possible mesquite. Over all glad we stopped in and will make it back soon.....
4	Not your standard joint with the greasy walls and greasier servers. This place is very clean and caters to the modern experienceExcellent sangria, amazingggg skinny margaritas (so the regulars have got to be the bomb), and highly recommended 'Mexican' food.  Ceviche and cheese crisps were good but not stand-out. Highlights were still the main courses, the green chile pork enchilada in particular.
3	I am a fan of Fox Restaurants and I've eaten here several times, but it's my least favorite out of the group.  It's not for a lack of trying...I've been here several times and it's always a popular place for clients and co-workers to meet for lunch.  Here's a list of items I've tried here:Cheese Crisp - $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blanco-scottsdale?select=4hRGlNmDF3PPNkBfGKpq7g#4hRGlNmDF3PPNkBfGKpq7gBlanco Burger (Manchego Cheese, Bacon, Guacamole, Pico de Gallo & Chipotle Mayo) - $11http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blanco-scottsdale?select=w439choXzufQTiLC7juxyw#w439choXzufQTiLC7juxywhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blanco-scottsdale?select=QbDaV7AvPjVyOeWHe_Da4g#QbDaV7AvPjVyOeWHe_Da4gCarnitas Burrito - $13, Enchilada Style + $1http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blanco-scottsdale?select=ul-hW-7hknJCDcL4HphiRw#ul-hW-7hknJCDcL4HphiRwCarnitas Tacos - $11http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blanco-scottsdale?select=eU2AFEWc0_g97OoDIO0dGQ#eU2AFEWc0_g97OoDIO0dGQThe dishes with the most flavor was the Blanco Burger and the Carnitas Tacos.  Other than that, the food was mostly just OK.  You do get complimentary Chips & Salsa which is pretty good and filling.  You definitely won't leave here hungry.Return Factor - 65%
5	When we got there at 5:45, it was packed!  One high top table available with two chairs.  After checking in for 3, the hostess kindly put a chair up to the high top to accommodate us!Waiter Alex was amazing - food amazing!  Our absolute FAVORITE Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale.  Oh, and btw - Sweetheart Margarita was amazing - had to order a second!!
5	Loved the atmosphere and the food, and we're picky about both!We had the fajitas and chopped salad, both were awesome. Chips and salsa were also great. The openness of the place made it seem cozy even with 5 million people around. Gets busy, but is nice. Waitstaff was courteous and kind, not fake.Would go there again in a heartbeat!
3	We met local friends for dinner. After checking Yelp we ordered margaritas which were fine- both the Skinny and the classic. Chips and guac were fine as well.  The entres were OK. Service, so so in a large very loud space.
4	i'm not sure why this place doesn't have a higher rating. I tried this the other weekend for the first time and it was amazing!Tried: Classic Margarita it was deliciousQueso Chorizo appetizer: another delicious dishbut my absolute favorite thing was the cheese enchilada that I got for my main course.  They bring it out in a mini cast iron pan and instead of rolled enchiladas it was like an enchilada pie and it was sooo amazing I dont even think I swallowed one bite I basically just inhaled it!Only complaint is that they do NOT take reservations unless you have a party of 8 or more :( seriously?! so either get their early or go late if you want to get in and out. Otherwise expect a wait and have a drink or two at the bar while you wait
5	How good can a cheese crisp be?! Come here and find out! All of the cheese crisps are delicious but my favorite one is the short rib and avacado. I've had a few of their tacos. None of them are mind blowing but they're good. I would reccommend the crispy shrimp taco and the fish taco. Margaritas are great. Everyone I bring to Blanco ends up loving it as much as I do. This is one of the few restaurants I will go to knowing I have to wait because it's that good!
4	i was here for a lunch meeting.  I had tacos, chips and salsa.  I thought they were very flavorful and good.  Carne Asada was my favorite.  The Gucamole dip was very good.  When traveling to Scottsdale i will hit this place again.
4	We had lunch here and went back twice for drinks since it was within walking distance of the hotel. Food was very good and the staff is super accommodating! The blood orange margarita was definitely a favorite.
3	Good for drinks and light meals/appetizers, especially the blood orange margaritas!
5	Such a cute atmosphere and amazing shrimp tacos. I really like the look and feel of this place. When the weather is nice, the patio is a great place to meet friends. I have had a few things here, but the shrimp tacos are my favorite.
2	I hate to write a bad review about this place but it just isn't that good. I fully recommend this place for drinks and appetizers. Great salsa and guacamole but thats about it. The dinner entrees are overpriced and average at best. There is nothing on the menu that sticks out as being great. There are too many other places in this city that are better. I do not recommend this place for dinner. Drinks and appetizers only.
4	What a great place. We've been here once before when visiting Scottsdale a couple of years ago, and enjoyed it then too. Their outdoor patio is wonderful, service is great. Oh yea, and the food and drinks are outstanding. The guac is yummy (we dialed down spice because of young child, but still very good); the slow cooked BBQ pork tacos were to die for and the cheese quesadilla was surprisingly yummy. LOVED my mojito, and the specialty margaritas were good. Two thumbs up, will definitely visit again when in the area.
5	I would eat here every damn night if I could!! Absolutely delicious food, perfect portions filled with flavorful goodness. Recommend the fish tacos and steak fajitas. Couple those with some Cadillac margaritas and you are set. Chef Alex couples amazing flavors with artful presentation. 100% chance I will be back!
4	Met some friends here on a Friday night and waited over 2 hours to get a table. I have never EVER waited that long to get a table, anywhere but I am soooo glad we did.  The service was impeccable and the food was to die for.  So good and different than anything I have had in a long time.  The prices were great too, which just made this an amazing experience all around.  Totally would get 5 stars if I didn't have to wait 2 hours.
3	A-OK is the best way to describe Blanco. First, the chips and salsa were great. Much much better than most Mexican places I have been to. The server was very nice and she stayed on top of our drinks and chip refills.I ordered the Chicken Burrito with black beans on the side. The chicken was shredded and tender. The marinade was also good but a lot of it came with the chicken in the burrito and it got pretty messy, not surprising for shredded chicken though. The rice was VERY good.. pretty sure it was soaked in butter, still delicious. Overall this place was fine. I would maybe go back again and try tacos but nothing blew me away.
2	I have mixed feelings about this place. I decided on 2 stars with the highlights being atmosphere, impeccable service, and delicious sangria. Now- the lowlights. The tacos were pretty good but not great. I tried the original carnitas (best), chipotle shrimp (decent, shrimp was obviously frozen), and the short rib (short ribs were dry despite the sour cream and pico de gallo). The absolute worst piece of the meal was the appetizer we ordered. We got the seafood ceviche which had scallops, shrimp, and mahi mahi. Sounds great right?? WRONG. It is a crime to serve this outside of a Red Lobster. The frozen shrimp was the least of the offensive. The scallops were rubbery, the orange segments (apparently what the chef thought should act as the main citrus) were CANNED. They were huge and uniform in size. Could it get worse, you ask? Let me assure you- it can. The mahi mahi was served at the bottom of the serving dish as 1 large filet. And it was cooked? Did anyone bother to be educated on what ceviche is? Not only was it cooked, it was overcooked to the point that it tasted like rubber. I couldn't even cut it with my fork. The only reason I went back in for more than 1 bite was because we waited 90 minutes for a table (wait time quoted at 45 min) and I was starving. I would give 1 star for the tacos and sangria, it's at least worth that, and honestly our server gave 5 star service. Too bad the food couldn't compete. If you go here, stay as far away from the ceviche as possible.
1	What a rip off.  Way over priced for what you get.  Service was great but food was a far cry from great.  One word.... BLAND.  Don't think I will return.
5	Got a gift card to this place for christmas and we totally loved it! Anytime we get the opportunity to go to Scottsdale this is our first choice. Carne Asada tacos are delicious and the salsa is delicious as well!
2	I went here for lunch with co-workers. The decor is pretty out dated and the blue chairs had cracking and torn vinyl and weren't very comfortable. I'm not sure why but halfway through lunch they opened the doors and left them open, flies started buzzing around our food and table.Their food is typical Arizona Mexican food with bland flavor and no authenticity. If you are looking for a Mexican dining experience this isn't the place. We started off with guacamole, chips and salsa. The guacamole was tasteless and didn't have enough cilantro, onions or tomatoes it also didn't have any chopped serranos/jalapenos plus it needed salt. I ordered the carne asada tacos which had very dry corn tortillas, they had to be at least a few days old and left out uncovered. The meat was dry, a little chewy and lacked in flavor as well. The butter rice was good and the bean were good but lets be honest how can you mess those up.
5	Taco Blanco's staff really goes out of their way to welcome our family each and every time we visit. The food is consistently fantastic. My favorite things range from the delicious taco platters with freshly baked flower tortillas to the margaritas. The classic margarita with the three generation tequila is superb. Great restaurant to have in our neighborhood!
4	Whenever I'm in the area I try to go to Blanco. I love the atmosphere and the margaritas are delicious, I recommend the blood orange. I've always had good service and good food. My fiance would say the portions are too small but he's a big eater.
5	My favorite restaurant in the Valley by far! The rice would have to be my favorite item on the menu. It is different from the regular red rice, but is a white cilantro flavor. The servers are always very nice and attentive. I have yet to have a bad experience at Blanco. I look forward to my next trip down there! Favorite Dish: Baja Chicken Tacos with extra rice :)
5	We love Mexican food and this place was very good food. I don't understand why it's ratings are not higher. The service was amazing. The food delicious. The berry monitor was awesome. I had the Mexican Chop salad was so good. I added the chicken and I has meat in almost every bite. I will come back :)
4	Food here is a little Americanized but really good.The different flavors of margarita on the rocks are all pretty good.Appetizers:NachosQuesadillasCrab and shrimp cevicheEntrees:FajitasChicken mole and vegetable arrozRoasted mushroom tacosWe ordered a few other dishes, and they were all delicious.
3	I went to Blanco with some girlfriends on Saturday. The Margaritas and Guacamole we had were pretty awesome- white peach & hibiscus marg is where it's at! I am not going to lie though, I was not impressed with our entrees. We each got the tacos and they were pretty small- & in my opinion, overpriced. We had a cute waiter though so that made our experience even better. I'm sure I will be returning to Blanco at some point in the future.
4	Cute Mexican restaurant with high ceilings and sleek decor. Service is wonderful, everyone is smiling and happy to help. We had FRESH squeezed fruit margaritas with Don Julio (my fav) . Pomegranate and grapefruit was my favorite combo. They even have weekly specialty cocktails.You can order three different types of tacos instead of just 3 of the same kind, which is great because I wanted to try more than one kind (I had chipotle grilled shrimp, carne asada and grilled fish).  My favorite was the carne asada, but the grilled shrimp was a close second.Comes with black or pinto beans and a lovely, buttery white rice with corn (this was a truly unique rice and I would definitely come back just to try it again). Happy hour from 4pm includes half off drinks. Don Julio drinks for $5? Anytime!
3	Doug was our server and was fantastic!  Other than that...drinks were ok, tacos were small, yet tasty. We tried the short ribs, the bbq pork, steak, carnitas and shrimp tacos. The rice was awesome while the beans were mediocre....black and pinto. Happy hour was kinda lame. I wouldn't choose this place but wouldn't be opposed to going back.
4	Great food and service. A little different than your traditional Mexican, which was a nice change. Must try the different margaritas and the ceviche!
4	This place was super packed, which in this case turned out to be for a good reason.  Service did a decent job anyway and were flexible in how they seated us outside, since we didn't want to wait - but it was plenty comfy and service was plenty attentive anyway.The margaritas were great, and everything we ate was really good.  I'll definitely go back, but maybe on a week night...  Recommended.
3	Food is always good, but there were a ton of flies, which made the dining experience poor.
5	This place was awesome!!!Best staff... Food amazing! Fish tacos were the best!!Hope to be back soon!
4	pork is fantastic, chips and guac are great, the chimichongas are really good.  The only thing I had that wasn't good was the steak fajitas... the steak was rubbery and not very good.  They did offer to take it off the bill so the customer service is top notch.
4	Good and fresh ingredients, loved the chicken with avocado salad. Fun atmosphere with high ceilings. We were in a bit of a hurry and the wait staff was very attentive and prompt. We'll be back!
4	This place actually uses fresh lime juice in the margaritas and that is exactly why I keep coming here. They also have a great happy hour at the bar.  I never can believe how cheap my bill is when I pay.  During HH, a chicken quesadilla, a margarita, and a 25% tip gets me out the door for less than a 20. Not bad!
2	This place is seriously overrated. Chips and salsa were horrible by standards of other Mexican restaurants located near by. The cheese crisp had hardly any cheese on it! Seating was catastrophic, had to wait 40mins when I could visibly see 10 tables open and set. This place was also like douche-bag central! Just reminds me of the Scottsdale Bars song!If you wanna spend this much cash and get better food and drinks, go to the mission in old town Scottsdale!On a good note however, once seated we did receive good service!
4	Ya gotta live a place that has Happy Hour on Sundays!!!  3 mini tacos for $7!!! Cheers!!!
3	The food was okay and so were the drinks but my kids only picked at their food and there wasn't much in the way for them. The inside of the restaurant had a lot of monitors playing sports but club music was blasting and seemed to be in contrast with the setup if the restaurant. The menu is pricey, they layout is odd for a Mexican restaurant and this in combination with the okay food would make it someplace I wouldn't immediately recommend to a friend unless I had no other choice.
3	Ok Mexican food. I have had much better. The quesadillas are probably the best, but it is just a quesadilla.
5	This is my go to place for dinner with friends, Love the guacamole and chips. The soft tacos are hot and fresh.
4	Where to start...This place is a "Scottsdale Spot".  A contemporary way to mix good tacos, sangria, and  good times.  The atmosphere is really fun and I would suggest for all occasions.  We started off with a carafe of Sangria, kept it coming with some appitizers and finished it off with some tasty tacos.THUMBS UP. Let the good times roll....
3	Went here with my manager last night and saddled up at the bar for dinner and drinks. The bartender that was helping us was super friendly and helpful. We wanted to start off with a shot and she walked us through the different types of tequila and we had a shot of the Casamigos blanco and tasted the same line in reposado. You can definitely taste the difference and this would be a great spot to do some tasting. We started off with the chips & salsa they brought out and added guacamole and the fresh seafood ceviche. All of which were okay. The guac wasn't anything extraordinary, I could have done with some heat and salt. The ceviche was sweeter than your typical fare and also super chunky, which I wasn't a fan of. I had a hard time deciding on an entree, but you can mix and match tacos so I tried the baja chicken, carne asada, and bbq pork tacos, all of which I enjoyed. I had a mix of the black and charro beans, and the rice was okay. The star of the night was the white peach & hibiscus margarita which I would have drank by the gallon. It's very sweet so if that's not your style don't get it, but it tasted like sweet alcoholic candy :)It's a cool spot, nice location, I'll be back.
4	Thinking about attacking that taco craving? Look no further. I like mixing and matching from their 12 different selections. If you've dined at Fox Restaurant Concept establishments in the past, you know the Slow Cooked Bar-B-Q is a winner winner, shredded pork dinner. Go with a the charro beans (light, spiced, pinto beans).The other day I tried the chicken mole and vegetable arroz. It was flat-out superb. The braised shredded chicken is served in a bowl mixed up with the rice and mole sauce with corn or flower tortillas on the side. If you happen to bring home leftovers, you'll be thanking yourself later. Speaking of which, ensure you have leftovers by starting with the guacamole and crispy salted chips. The guac has a faint kick to it, so be ready. In the mood for enchiladas? You're going to get a cheesy delicious pie. The enchiladas are served up in a cast iron skillet, queso to the brim!The decorum is trendy and cool. I really enjoy going here, though it can get pretty busy towards the evening. As with any FRC restaurant, you're going for the great tastes and ambiance, but not the price.
4	Checked this out on restaurant week. Great service. Awesome mexican chocolate cake. Plenty of food for whole family (brought along 5 y.o and 2 y.o who shared one kids meals with a ton of leftovers). Food is good not memorable but fun ambiance. We plan to go back for drinks.
5	Visiting Scottsdale and eating at several places that we have never tried. This was the best place by far. I wish there was a Blanco near where I live. I would go weekly.
4	Another great Fox Restaurant - Blanco has really good tacos, salads, and appetizers. I was bummed when they stopped serving my favorite menu item, the Ahi Tacos, but the grilled fish tacos are a good back-up choice. If you're not that hungry, you can split the tacos and they will bring 4 mini tacos instead of three (so two each) and a smaller portion of the side dishes. The tortilla soup is also one of my favorite things to order on cooler days.  And it's really good if you add avocado to the soup!
5	Good fish tacos, good margaritas, good guac, friendly service - what more could you ask for?
1	Blanco is a great place to go for vegetarians looking for quick weight loss. And I thank you for the three-day colonic that resulted from eating here. Despite the restaurant touting its vegetarian / gluten free options (even here on yelp), rudimentary items, such as the "cheese crisp with guacamole" are, in fact, lard-based. I understand lard is used in authentic Mexican cuisine, which this is not. Here's a "concept" for you, Fox - label your menus in accordance with 21st century standards. As a result of this visit and your irresponsible practices, I'm removing all Fox restaurants from my dining and entertainment repertoires - too many other superior (and responsible) options in town.
5	This is easily my favorite restaurant in AZ! It's always such a treat. They have the freshest tasting salsa that comes complimentary with your meal. I love the carne Asada tacos and their rice is to die for! It is so buttery and delish! The sangria is also amazing! Love love love this place!
3	No spice/heat to the salsa, including the "hot" one that the server said was an Habanero salsa.  This was an enormous disappointment because though I can understand making the standard salsa incredibly mild because of the general public, if they're going to make a designated hot one then it ought to have a decent level of heat.  Both were rather bland.  Also was disappointed that the flour tortillas are made with lard.  On the whole, I tend to like Mexican-themed restaurants like this one because they can be more modern and creative with Mexican style food, but usually that also goes along with more vegetarian options and decent spice levels for those who like the heat.  I'm already accustomed to having to deal with pork in the beans or chicken stock in the rice, but the lard in tortillas just isn't as common in the more modern focused Mexican places.  I felt like it was a bad mixture of authentic Mexican items with more modern traits.  Margaritas were pricey but in line with higher rent areas in Scottsdale.  Tequila list was surprisingly small for a place with this sort of name.  Service was very polite and prompt.
3	We have been many times and staff is always friendly and usually efficient. We discovered today that lunch hour isn't the time to go. One bartender couldn't keep up with the drink orders so our first drinks came after food started arriving. Obviously more staff is needed at lunch. My wife was disappointed by the soup. Someone changed the recipe. We will return though. First time we have had service problems. My chopped salad was good. The cheese and shrimp crisp was good.
5	Loved it...this place is great!!  The margaritas are some of the best in the Phoenix area.  All of the food our group ordered was outstanding.  The waitress was very helpful and extremely sensitive to those in the group with food allergy issues.  Will definitely be frequenting this establishment.
4	I have been to Blancos a couple times and have always had a good experience. The hostess' are always smiling and I was seated right away. The servers are all very nice and good at what they do. Now the food, It is Amazing! I have gotten the chicken tacos and they are delicious! The margarita's are great as well. The restaurant is clean and always full of patrons when I go there. Blanco's is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in the Scottsdale area! I will be coming back here again and again!
4	Fun atmosphere. Delicious fish tacos. Friendly staff. And, oh yes, a blood orange margarita.
5	Great place that takes Mexican to whole new level. Awesome place !!!
5	I had the best Skinny margarita I have ever had here. Also i had the Samon entree and it was delicious!
1	Came here for dinner with my family, it was a 35 minute wait so we decided to take a table outside since there were heaters and we didn't want to wait.Once we were seated it took about 20 minutes for our waitress to greet us and take our drink orders.Next the waitress spilled my dad's drink all over the table and my sister and I.  Also, the outdoor heaters kept turning off every 10 minutes and we had to keep requesting they be turned back on.The waitress from the next table over had to keep helping us because our waitress was clearly struggling.I used to really like this restaurant, however after this experience I don't think I will be returning due to the poor service.
3	The blood organge margarita was the best part of my meal. The complementary chips and salsa were decent but the chips were thick. I had the braised green chili pork tacos and they were loaded way to much with the pork filling. The side of rice was mushy and overdone. The decor is pretty awesome but I would not go again unless it was happy hour.
5	The BEST rice I've ever eaten. Ever. If I was on the show the best thing I ever ate, that might just be the dish I'd highlight. It tastes like its made with sweet cream butter. It's interesting and addicting. Great specialty drinks. The layered enchiladas were very good.
4	a 5 for atmosphere, a 3 on the food since it was pretty typical. a 4 overall.  And we have and will continue to visit and sample the menu.
4	As I write this review I wonder if I need to re-evaluate my rating system.  I find Blanco a solid "average", so why 4 stars instead of 3?  I honestly couldn't tell you, except for the fact that I find myself going here so ofter for simple, clean, consistent food, that they MUST be more than 3 stars.  Right??
5	Went here with some friends before heading out to old town to club and it was incredible. Everyone ordered something different and we shared - and ALL of it was amazing. From the enchiladas to the fish tacos to even the rice and beans. I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food so this is saying a lot. The place itself was absolutely gorgeous, from the exterior to the interior. The seating both outside and inside is comfortable (we had moved from inside to outside seating just out of curiosity). Outside was nice because they had heaters since it was Winter, so we thought we might freeze but it was actually very comfortable. The chairs and couches were really nice as well and they had fire pits which you could dine next to (I loved that part). The bathrooms were beautiful and clean and the service was also great. It is a bit pricey but everything is delicious, so it's a give and take for sure. The good thing about this place is that it's great for dates as well as friends and family.
4	DELICIOUS BLOOD ORANGE MARGARITA! A little on the sweet side, but so good.The bartender was attentive and nice, even while he had a full bar and restaurant to attend to. Hostess was super nice and friendly.Great decor, free chips and salsa! Does that even happen anywhere else in Scottsdale?We split the Short Rib and Avocado Cheese Crisp and it was so yummy. Us two girls wanted a light lunch and were actually stuffed and couldn't even finish it. I will definitely have to make it back at night to sit outside and for happy hour!Great FOX concept!
4	The main reason I come to Blanco is for their margaritas - mainly the Peach Hibiscus Margarita as it is divine! I could drink these all night and promised my husband we will come for happy hour and do just that. Seriously, best margaritas. (I've tried their pomegranate one as well, which is really good but the peach... oh, the peach.) Happy Hour is 4-6pm and half off all margaritas, well cocktails, beers, and some appetizers. We've had their guacamole and we really like their three cheese quesadilla with chicken.As for dinner, I love their beef 'house specialty' enchiladas - braised short ribs in a red sauce. Super delicious and one of my favorite meals. Makes really good leftovers for lunch the next day as well! My husband likes their burritos and normally gets the machaca. When ordering a dish, you have the option of black beans or pinto beans. I always get the black beans, but I'll have to try the pinto at some point. Additionally, the rice is super buttery and delicious.  I would highly recommend this place for a date, a get together with friends, or if the family is in town. There is always ample parking out front (or valet services), the inside is decorated nicely and the patio is wonderful. I've already promised my aunt a margarita when she visits, but I'll definitely be back before then!
3	Decor - A+Food - Decent but not the best place in town.  The lowdown:Skinny Margarita - Good, delicious.Chips - Too thick - not a fan.Salsa - Thoroughly enjoyed.Guacamole - Just ok.  Needed salt and garlic.  Mine is better.  Braised Short Rib & Avocado Cheese Crisp - Ordered because of the 'rave' reviews on yelp.  It was ok but wouldn't have a craving to go back just for this.Carne Asada Tacos - Dry, disappointed - mehPork Carnita Tacos - GoodSlow Cooked BBQ Pork Taco - Excellent, A+Brown Sugar Carmel Flan - Amazeballs.  Tasted like Creme Brulee.  A must!Tres Leche Cake - Wasn't a fan.  It was extremely dense.Roundup - Not my favorite place for mexican food.  Would I go back?  Not sure.  I guess I got it off the check box for another Fox restaurant.
5	Had Happy Hour on Monday at the Borgata location.Loved the appetizers.The ceviche is outstanding. Had the Quesadilla with Chicken (very good) and the tacos with pork. Delish!I had the berry margarita. Loved it. My husband has a beer.Beer was OK. There are better brews in Phoenix. Service was very good.Will be back!
4	I had a better experience today than a few years ago!  I had the taco trio: crispy shrimp, BBQ pork, and grilled fish.  I liked them all in that order.  I also had black beans and veggies (instead of rice) on the side.  Both sides were yummy.
4	Haven't had a bad meal or service yet and we've eaten here 6 or 7 times.The guacamole is good. The cheese quesadilla, corn, short rib/avocado crisp, carne asada taco, short rib taco are all delicious.  The queso blanco seems to be made with processed cheese but I loved the flavor and texture so I didn't let that bother me.  Chips and salsa are tasty too as are the rice and black beans.They have two outdoor seating areas which are really nice (unfortunately the noisy construction next door kind of ruins the patio on that side).  Inside is big and open with TV's that can be seen from every table.Service has always been great, I've never found myself looking around for my server.  I dread the day the beautiful Borgata has been replaced with the 218 unit condo complex that will then overshadow this nice restaurant.
5	I am a huge fan of the Fox restaurants and this one did not disappoint.  The service was amazing, the food was great and by mid-meal, we were discussing the date of a return visit.  Everyone from the hostess, to the bartender, and the servers went over and beyond to make sure we had an amazing experience.  I had the fish tacos and they were delish!  My hubby had three different tacos and enjoyed them all.  We topped it off with sopapillas - also yummy.  Best lunch experience I've had in a while.
1	A mixed gathering of "January" Birthdays.  About 16 of us were quickly seated. Drinks were a little slow...but there were a bunch of us all at once.  Orders taken.  Here's the issue:  I ordered a Kobe Steak Burrito with NO Pico De Gallo and then reiterated....NO onion, NO tomato, NO Pico.  Waiter asked how I would like it cooked. " Well Done please" (being I actually had E Coli about 12 years ago and was hospitalized). Food comes in a timely manner.  I cut my burrito in half and take a bite. Literally "raw".  Im not a BBQ master...so I asked around.  We decided that is was extremely Rare and the opposite of Well Done.Waiter came and he was upset with the kitchen as he should be. Roughly 5 minutes go by and a lady with dark longer curly hair (I assume a manger) brings another burrito.  Cut it open to investigate....meat is Well Done.... but it is full of Pico and Tomato and Onion.Same guy waiter takes it back and we asked to not have the cooks spit in are third shot. Ha ha...though we were serious.Third burrito comes and it is as ordered.WE THEN GET THE CHECK AND THE BURRITO IS NOT COMP'd NOR DID THEY OFFER A COMP'd BEER, APPETIZER OR GIFT CERT FOR "Next Time".There is no next time. ....Hmmmmm.  I like Yelp.
5	Lets start out saying I went here for my BIRTHDAY, that's how much I love this place.Everything I have gotten from this place has been over the top delicious! Mexican food is my absolute favorite, and they kill it with the beans and rice. I'm starting off talking about the beans and rice because UM HELLO they complement the meal and they totally nailed it.THE CHIPS AND SALSA ARE SO GOOD I MUST WRITE IN ALL CAPS TO TRULY INFORM YOU, THE READER, ABOUT THEIR GREATNESS.Now, for things I can suggest to you because sadly I have not been there enough to try the whole menu (but I will some day, mark my words) are... the roasted chicken tacos and the roasted mushroom tacos are honestly way too good, its probably illegal for me to be talking about such delicious plates on here. ALSO, if you think sometimes soft shell corn tacos are not that great, these ones will totally change your mind about soft shell corn tacos, and your eyes will turn into hearts.green chili pork enchiladas, where do I even start!!! My boyfriend had ordered them and lets just say I was so full I was about to explode and I still had like four bites because they were absolutely amazing. The meat, the cheese, perfectly stacked (which, in my eyes is the only way enchiladas should ever be) in a hot skillet, and they are sent from the heavens above. If you are feeling simple and love cheese crisps, they are quite exquisite and not overdone with the cheese so they are not greasy. Super yummy.THE DESSERTS! Totally worth trying them all, even though you could die due to food consumption overload, they are all very tasty!!!
4	Great food, service and atmosphere.  We regularly meet friends here, and it's always a good time.  The atmosphere gives this good-food place its fourth star - the patio, booths, tables, etc. are great for socializing.  The service is friendly and the drinks are great.Between our friends, we've sampled lots of items on the menu and everything is pretty fresh and yummy - not mind-blowing, but solid.  Highlights include the grilled fish or roasted mushroom tacos - yum!  The cheese crisps are great, too.  I'd definitely recommend the guacamole to go with the chips and salsa - I defy you not to fill up on these.
3	We landed at this restaurant on a whim.Service was excellent - 5 STARSFood was okay - 2-1/2-3 STARSCHIPS - too thick but had good flavorSALSA - was tastyPORK TACOS - Very goodCARNE ASADA TACOS (extra crispy) - Absolutely the worst I've ever had!  They were so dry! The taco was a store bought white corn tortilla and baked - completely fell apart at the first bite.  Nothing in the taco but the meat and a little lettuce - it was so frickin dry and tasteless I asked for sour cream - it didn't help.RICE - White rice, a little corn and seasoned well.  Very different than typical Mexican rice. It was okay.PINTO BEANS - served in a little dish, tasted okay, very little cheese (goat I think)  if any.This is not typical Mexican food - I find it's more of a healthy version.  Prices were steep - $14.00 for the Taco meal.  Also, portions are small.Waitress asked if everything was okay and normally never do this but I told her, "they were the worst tacos I ever had.  They were so dry and just completely fell apart.  Obviously your restaurant doesn't cook with a lot of cheese," I said.She was nice enough to remove my meal from the bill - hence 3 stars.I think for many of us eating at restaurants everyone has a good or bad experience.  Usually though with a first bad experience we tend not to go back. End of story.
5	My husband and I ate here for the first time for lunch on 02/28/2014. Customer service was great all around. Our waitress was on top of everything- she never let our drinks or chips get low and checked on us every few minutes. Super quick service. A manager came around once and asked how everything was. Every person I even walked past was friendly and courteous and had a smile on their face. And of course, the food was delicous. No complaints.
3	Skinny margaritas good, quac and chips great, hostesses cute and very efficient, but our server Jack was not very interested in good service.
5	This place is so great.* try the burger, unexpectedly delicious at a Mexican restaurant.
4	Really enjoyed it, pleasant to sit outside, the music is just loud enough that it covers the road noise but so loud you can't have a conversation. Really tasty tacos - both the chicken and the pork. Good margaritas especially the blood orange one. Friendly and efficient service even when it was very busy on a Saturday night. Would happily go back.
3	I've always enjoyed the food at the Blanco on Scottsdale road.  Typically order red enchiladas.  So yesterday we tried the Biltmore location and it was really disappointing.  Hostess seated us but then no one came over for over ten minutes. Decided to try the white peach hibiscus margarita. Sadly, it was syrupy and not worth 9 bucks.   My enchiladas were kinda gross. Chicken was watery, not juicy and cheese was piled on. The sauce lacked its usual kick.   Rice on side was like eating a stick of butter. Table chips were the saltiest I've had in a long time. My husband had fish tacos he said were "fine". He is much more enthusiastic about fish tacos usually.  Kids meals were acceptable for kids. Kind of odd they give kids adult size take out cups. Anyway, it's a nice ambiance. I'd stick to beer or wine happy hour but couldn't recommend this location.
4	The avocado pork cheese crisp is a must get for an appetizer. The BBQ pork taco is one of the best tacos I have ever had. Cool modern vibe to the restaurant and great service.
5	Brought my family here after a horrible experience at Lon's at Hermosa. Happy to say our server ( wish I remembered his name) turned a crappy night into an amazing one with his exceptional personality & attention to detail! The food was amazing, and so was the service!! Cant wait to come back again soon!
4	Great food and really good service. Their salsa was to die for!!! The chicken burrito was really good, getting it enchilada style gives it a slight pizza taste though. Would recommend not enchilada style.
4	Some of their servers are really good and others are just alright. Food is amazing though! Especially traditional carnitas!
3	Pretty good food, and good happy hour prices. The service was also very good. We had the tacos, the corn starter, and some guacamole. Nothing was stellar, but I would return again for happy hour or if someone else suggested it.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale! We always plan a night around a visit to Blanco's when we visit from Chicago.Food & service were both excellent.  We can't wait to return, hopefully soon!
5	I love this place! Eat here every time in Scottsdale. Great atmosphere and food. I always get the fajitas, blood orange margarita, and/or sangria. All are must try's!
4	Solid place with a cool vibe and decor.  Had lunch earlier this week.  The guacamole was ok, nothing special.  I actually liked the salsa.  Had the BBQ pork tacos and they were very good, my wife had the mexican chopped salad and was satisfied.Definitely a cool place to hang out for drinks/apps after work.
2	We came here on a night in search for desert. When Blanco's first opened up they had the most amazing, flavorful, savory tresLeches cake. I would even hop on by and order it for take out because it was so delish. Since I sold my date on this cake we walked on over and were disappointed to hear they no longer carried it on the menu. WHAAAAT! We settled for the sopapillas but to be honest they lacked the pizzaz. Won't go back to Blanco's for desert.. But will just for a margarita!
5	My friends and I ordered here for the first time, and we ordered our meal as take out. We called ahead and the woman on the phone was extremely pleasant. She transferred us to another guy who took our order, he was also extremely polite and professional. And said that our order would take about 20 min.In 20 min, we walked up to the bar and were greeted and helped out. I ordered the slow cooked BBQ tacos and the portobello and vegetable cheese crisp. They were both extraordinarily delicious. Even as a take out, the cheese crisp was crispy. It's like of like a pizza or flatbread, but way crispier. My meal also came with black beans and rice, as well as chips and fresh salsa. Very pleased with this place.
5	So coming back!  No snobbery here. Everyone was polite and gave us great service. The food was delicious. Ordered the braised pork tacos and my hubs had the carne asado burrito. The chips were just the right salty and the salsa was full of flavor and not extremely spicy.  Definitely coming back to try other food on their menu plus I'll bring friends.
5	Sam Fox gets it right again with the Fish Salad - chopped cabbage, avocado, radish, jicama, grilled salmon. Lime vinaigrette on the side. #healthymexicansalad #perfectlunch #heaveninscottsdale #foxconcepts
5	Not gonna lie, this place is pretty awesome.  I'm sure there may be something on the menu that doesn't meet the 5-star criteria, but personally, I had a braised short rib and avocado cheese crisp with a couple of grey hounds, and that was delicious!  The chips are a step above MANY and MOST other restaurants and the salsa and guacamole is simply superb.If you are disappointed, you are either a snob, or you got bad service.  Our waiter was great, and had plenty of patience for how annoying we probably seemed. ;)
5	I visited this place with my mother while on vacation over three years ago - and we are STILL talking about it!  We stayed at the Cottonwood Resort, which is walking distance to Blanco.  EXCELLENT Happy Hour specials, DELICIOUS Mexican food, PERFECT margaritas and an absolutely AMAZING waitstaff.  If you find yourself in the Scottsdale area, this is a place that cannot be missed in my opinion.
5	UNREAL food. I have never liked Mexican food in my life but this was incredible. Tortilla soup was amazing, must-try! Guacamole was also amazing. It's a younger crowd there from what I saw and a really nice chill vibe.
1	Way disappointed!  Food was garden variety mexican.  Our waitress was not interested.  And my biggest pet peeve of leaving the table full of dirty dishes while we were left sitting there trying to pay our bill topped off a forgetful evening in Scottsdale.  Go somewhere / anywhere else for a better expenditure of your time and money.
5	My son and I went to Blanco this evening.  It was amazing.  The restaurant itself was clean and open & airy.  Our server was wonderful.  She was attentive without being intrusive.  She also went above and beyond.  When it came time to box up my leftovers, she gave me extra salsa without me asking.  In a time where customer service is seriously lacking, it's the little touches that stand out.Now for the food: the chips and salsa were very good and the burrito was absolutely delicious.  Not to mention the rice was the best I have had a Mexican restaurant.I am not from the Scottsdale area but would definitely come back when I am in town to visit my son.
5	I just moved to Scottsdale and wanted some good Mexican food and a fun place. Our server was prompt and friendly and when I asked what her recommendation was she gave me several options. The chips and salsa were perfect and the waitress refilled them without us even having to ask. Our food came out promptly and was delicious. As a whole, this restaurant was fantastic and I will absolutely be back!
4	This was our first visit and of course first impression is a lasting one. The server came right away to our table. We ordered guacamole with our chips. The salsa. chips and guacamole were really good. The margarita was really good. The three carne asada steak tacos, black beans and rice were excellent.  The service was spot on, and the waitress gave us salsa refills and fresh chips without having to ask. The only thing to improve and the reason I gave four stars instead of five was the flies inside near the windows kept annoying us and trying to get their dinner portion. The restaurant needs to keep the front door closed and figure out a way to control the flies inside the restaurant. But overall excellent food, service and ambience. I will go back but will not sit next to the window.
3	I've only tried a few of their tacos and here goes the breakdown...CARNITAS: Definitely my favorite of the three.  Good flavor and textureCARNE ASADA:  Least favorite.  The meat was chopped up into tasteless bits.FISH:  Average... nothing more to sayI did really like the rice that came with the tacos.  Margarita hit the spot.I will probably try it again because it's close and convenient to where I work.  I would not go out of my way to try it again.
4	Unexpected. Went here because it was across the street from the Hilton where we were staying. Ordered the Mexican street corn ($3) and the Chicken Mole. Both were bold and delicious.  Would recommend to folks visiting Scottsdale for sure.
5	My husband and I enjoyed a fabulous Father' Day dinner tonight!  First time we have been to this restaurant and we will definitely be back!Our server, Tony, was outstanding, and made our total experience wonderful and was refreshing when customer service is lacking in most establishments today.The chips and salsa were amazing and the habanero salsa is a MUST ask for.  I had the tacos and was pleased that when I couldn't make up my mind because they all sounded so good, that I could mix and match.  I ordered the crispy shrimp, carne asada and the BBQ tacos.  They were all delicious but the BBQ was my favorite (and I can see why it is award winning).  My husband ordered the short ribs burrito and it was incredible.  The beans and rice were pretty good, but I was too full from the tacos and chips.  We are so glad we found a new local restaurant.
5	We just had yet another great dinner here at blanco. We came in late, about an hour before closing. The hostess that seated us seemed to be working double duty and turned out to also be our waitress. Hat tip to her, our service was great, attentive, consistent, and on point. Chips and salsa here is always exceptional, the rice tastes and smells great. We'll continue to enjoy food at this location!
4	I am a self professed Sam Fox groupie. Every restaurant I have been to by him, I have loved. Blanco did not disappoint. I came with a group of 7 girls on Saturday night, and while they told us 35 to 40 min wait, it was only about 15. Score! We shared 2 bowls of guacamole which was delish. The chips were addictive, I told myself I wouldn't have any but these were better than any I had ever had. I had the roasted chicken, green Chile pork, and shredded tacos combo. Roasted chicken was my favorite. The rice packed a lot of flavor, and the beans were so-so. I enjoyed the Paloma cocktail. Yes the tacos were small, but the rice and beans were generous and I left feeling quite full. Sam Fox has yet to disappoint!
4	I have been here twice so far for lunchThe first time was very unremarkableI had a taco and the shell was hard and the meat wasn't anything to write home about The chips & salsa weren't great as well My first visit really wasn't what I expectedHowever My second time went very wellWe were seated on arrival and our server was very prompt We received water as well as chips & salsa within seconds of sitting down...I wanted to try one of their margs and our wonderful server suggested the watermelon rhubarb one so I took her advice After looking at the menu I decided on the award winning BBQ pork tacos with rice and beans The tacos and beans were wonderfulI should've asked what kind of rice it was going to be as I am not a big fan of creamy rice... I left that on the plate... And devoured everything else... The margarita was tasty and really hit the spot because it was about 109 that day and I needed something to cool me off The flavor of watermelon and hint of lime was excellent...All in all I enjoyed Blanco and look forward to visiting again perhaps at the Biltmore location... Thank you to the wonderful server for making this visit enjoyable and resurrecting
5	For me, there are 2 things that keep me coming back to a restaurant.  The food of course and the service.  The food at Blanco fits my palate to a tee!  I have never been disappointed with any selection, but love the taco trio with short rib and the BBQ pork.  The Blood Orange Margarita is my favorite drink.  The service at Blanco is the best I have ever experienced at ANY restaurant.  From the Host/Hostess to the servers, these people are top notch.  Fox is a genius.
5	This place is amazing!! I love the roasted chicken tacos! The drinks are great! The have a great happy hour as well! I highly recommend this place!!
4	Blanco has the best barbecue pork tacos! I went with a group of friends to have some Mexican food and they got the fish tacos and the quesadilla. I heard great responses from them. If you want light Mexican food then blanco is where it's at! You could tell that they used really healthy ingredients. Some Mexican restaurants use really fatty foods and you just feel fat as your eating. The oh no moment. But not blanco! The service was well. Again, I highly recommend the barbecue pork tacos! They give you 3 and it comes with a side of rice and beans. The total cost for all 3 of us was $35 not bad.
4	This place is always upbeat and consistent. The servers are on top of their game and always in a good mood. I have tried most things on the menu and have yet to be disappointed. On the weekends they usually have a DJ playing an eclectic genre of music. The service is fast and the margaritas are on point! This place host new style Mexican food and over all clean ingredients used in the food. Even times when they are busy you can arrive with no reservation and be seated in a reasonable amount of time. This is a environment you cam bring kids for dinner, but can become noisy and with a lot going on. Try this place out you will not regret it. My favorite dish is the fajitas! if you are looking for less food look at the taco selection. This is one of my favorite Fox Concepts.
5	Great sangria, cute causal ambiance, yummy salsa and great portions. What is there not to love!
4	Ordered barbecue pork tacos. Great food and service. A bit too loud and too many flies. We sat inside so the flies were a surprise. Would go back and still recommend since the food was good.
5	Have been here twice and holy moly, one of my favorite Mexican restaurants for sure. First time I went, there was supposed to be a 45 minute wait, it was very busy, but we were seated much faster than that. The staff was friendly both times I went. Great service.The food was great, the chips and salsa are tasty, but the margaritas and tacos..oh my goodness. I went for happy hour, which includes half off margaritas, and I think these win as my favorite margaritas. I had the white peach and hibiscus, and have also tried the pomagranate/grapefruit. My boyfriend has tried the blood orange and mango jalepeno and enjoyed them as well. As a vegetarian it is always nice to see a veggie taco on the menu. The ingredients taste fresh and the tacos were very flavorful. I always leave very full and satisfied!Surprised this place only has three and a half stars, it deserves five in my opinion!
4	Average size gluten free menu. Tacos and enchiladas are all I've ever had. Staff knows what's up.Margaritas are decent. I've had better and I've frequently had worse.Chips are light and crispy. Salsa isn't spicy but isn't too bland tasting either. Guacamole is good. Tacos are good. Enchiladas are good. Charro and black beans are good. That rice needs help though. It's an oily greasy, tasteless mess.Though I'm not wowed by the food I do find it tasty and fresh and fairly priced.
5	My favorite Mexican Restaurant, hands down!! We LOVE the manager, Justin Willie! He is very friendly & helpful every single time we come in!! So happy to hear he is back at this location! I am obsessed with the mushroom tacos & white peach & hibiscus Margarita! The happy hour is just fabulous!
5	Love This Place!- Great Food- Great Service- A Tad Bit Expensive But Worth ItThey used to have the best Posole in town but have taken it off the menu :-(!
5	Blanco is delicious! My family and I came here the first time after my sisters bridal gown shopping! We all ordered different margaritas and a bunch of tacos, quesadillas and appetizers to share. Everything was good and I am fairly picky! The blood orange margarita is TO DIE FOR! Go indulge in some tacos and margaritas here!
1	It's just a bunch of stealers. Check your credit card bill next time. Some of the waitresses add extra tips to their pockets.
4	I just went to Blanco for the first time this past weekend and I was very pleased.  It was birthday so we had a large group. OUr waiter  answered all my questions and made some great recommendations. The food is pretty spicy, so make sure that what you're in the mood for before you go. The decor is very cool and modern. Thanks for a great birthday!!
5	Loved this place. Was at vacation here in Scottsdale and blown away by all the great staff and great food. Super nice people. Cool atmosphere and excellent food! Would definitely come here many many more times!
5	I'm a regular at this Blanco, and I have to say that the service is what keeps me coming back! The food is great too but if you ever have an issue with anything they are willing to go above and beyond for you with out you even asking for it. I remeber one time a group of friends and I went in to grab some food before going out on a sat night and at some point the server asked us if he could get us anything and we jokingly mentioned a candy bar. As we were ready to close out and our bill arrived, the server pulled out the candy that was jokingly requested! Now that's service! Stop in when you get a chance you won't regret it.
3	Tacos Tacos Tacos.Come to Blanco for Tacos y Tequila!We came on vacation.  It was walking distance from my hotel. I didn't know, couldn't tell if it was a chain.  But it was hella crowded.  We had to wait 45 min for a table for 4.  Luckily my kids were on good behavior and they gave us chips while we waited.  Also, we ordered margs from the bar.  They were good! Go for au natural with the agave syrup.  So much better than mix.  Much better flavor.  Sort of like a skinny but without the soda water.  YUM.Once we finally were seated, the service was very pleasant and somewhat quick. the kids both had a kids taco plate.  I had the Mexican chopped  with steak.  The steak was awesome, very good.  Well cooked.  Hubs had the short rib tacos.  He said, there were, "OK."Also, the place is VERY loud.  I suppose that is what you get when your motto is tacos y tequila, right?  Food 4, ambiance 2, wait 2.
3	The place is very hip. Good Hh 3-6 half price starters drinks. Taco plates 15 + ok but wait staff could use some training.  Even bar staff not that on the ball.
5	Great food. We had the red sangria and it was light and refreshing.  The cheese crisp with the braised pork was light and so fresh. You have to try the street corn. It was great on the cheese crisp. They let you mix up the tacos so you can try the variety. We ended with the mexican chocolate cake. Great end to a great anniversary.  Our server was Ganby and she is a main reason we will be back. You guys rocked it.
4	I went to Blanco for drinks with my husband and a friend.  My blood orange margarita was spot on... YUM!  We also had two desserts: donuts and sundae.  They were both very good and I recommend getting both together because then you can dip the donuts into the ice cream.  I was only here on vacation otherwise I would stop in frequently for drinks!
3	I used to go here about once a month but I'm really not a fan anymore. The location is pretty good but the food and service isn't that great. The restaurant is always super busy (not necessarily a bad thing) but that means the service can be slow. The food isn't that great either....just not anything about it that makes it stand out.
5	Blanco is by far my favorite restaurant. I go there on dates with my husband as well as have been there with my girlfriends. They have a small outdoor patio that maybe has 6 different tables (?) and is a great spot for when the weather is nice. The restaurant is open concept and a little noisy but not enough to bother me. I can still carry on a conversation with no problem. ALL the staff are nice, friendy, and knowledgeable. They did recently take off one of my favorite menu items - the ceviche. There is another one offered but it is not as good. The guacamole is amazing so that makes up for it :) All the tacos are outstanding and will definately fill you up. They have a great wine list that features my favorite Malbec - Altos del Plata. Their white sangria is great too! This spot is a must to visit!
4	This place was nice.  Food had good flavor good atmosphere as well.  Didn't try the tacos. Had a burrito.  I don't think it was worth 14 though.  Close but not quite.  Black beans are awesome. Tried the white peach and hibiscus marg. GROSS. Tasted like I was drinking a flower.  Waaaaay to much hibiscus not enough white peach.  Took a while to get the flower taste out of my mouth.
5	Amazing service tonight. I had a little issue with my dish, nothing major. But the chef literally came to the table, shook our hands, apologized and then insisted we had a flan on him. Which might I add is AMAZING. Between our outstanding server Matthew and Chef Alex I was very impressed with Blanco and will definitely be back again soon. Get the flan you will not regret it!!
4	Hostesses seemed bothered we interrupted their conversation to find a table (same reaction several times... we were staying next door on business). Other than that, really enjoyed the service. Servers were always friendly, and the food was consistently good. Tried the short rib burrito,  carne asada burrito, Chipotle shrimp, street corn. Enjoyed all of the above. Would come back.
4	I drive by Blanco's pretty regularly and I always notice it. I'm not sure if it's the brightly colored signage or the world "Tequila" that grabs my attention but I always think that it's a place I'd like to try. Tonight, I went for it. The hostess was friendly, greeted us right away and sat us right in front of the tv that was playing the 49er game. Was it our San Francisco gear that gave us away? Our waiter was nice, although I don't think he likes kids in his every day life, he handled it well. He was prompt on refills, checking in with us often, even giving us great recommendations. We all loved the food, many smiles all around.   I was glad we chose Blanco's for dinner tonight, it was everything I hoped it would be. Next time, I'm trying one of their margaritas. :)
3	I wouldn't recommend the ceviche...flavor was very fishy.  Not well prepared.  Street corn and quesadilla starters were good.
5	Upscale Mexican at its finest!  We enjoyed a early dinner during happy hour that included guacamole and queso dip with warm chips.  We each had carne asada tacos with black beans and rice.  It was a delicious dinner and I can't wait to go back!!!
5	Blanco is absolutely amazing every single time I go there, which is often. I have yet to order anything that wasn't delicious. Their guac is awesome, nacho appetizer with pulled pork, cheese crisp with avacado and pulled pork, and for the tacos you have to get the crispy shrimp, carne asada, and award winning bbq. Anything! Oh and their street corn is delicious too! Definitely a favorite place of mine, 5 stars for Modern Mexican food in the Scottsdale area.
4	Little slow to get to me sitting at the bar, but was greeted from a far! The bartender was busy but very good! Had the Mexican chopped w/ chicken just as well had something more exciting! It was good but no calories saved on the salad. I would encourage the business not to cut the chicken so small you barely know you have any. SLICE THE MEAT!! That's what really made this a four star vs five star. Michalata yeah!  NO CLAM JUICE yeahhhh!!!! So glad to find a good michalata one made without the clam juice clams ruin the beer! In the old days a bloody beer, but the michalata has flare and great taste sort of a Bloody Mary with a beer but drank together (make sure no clams involved) !
5	After trying this at the AZ Taco Festival, we had to try the real dealThis was my favorite at the Taco Festival and after trying the full experience, I am sold!I love a restaurant that is built to be outdoors. It was nice sitting right by the huge garage doors.  We were outside yet not..The margaritas are good? The queso fundido was yum! And the chipotle fish tacos... omg...I seriously took another order of them to go and dug into it when we got homeIf you want tequila and a table food of awesome tacos, this is the place
4	I would have given 5 stars if I could have heard the person next to me talk! Music needs to be turned down, just a notch. I understand the atmosphere, but c'mon, we were with a big group of girls and it was impossible to follow the conversation. Ok, moving on. Loved the food, loved the vibe, great, quick service. The chips-n-salsa were addictive. I was this close to ordering some to take home. Loved my meal, which were the fish tacos, perfect portion size. Not too much, not too little. Good time!
1	Wow this used to be one of my favorites.  When we were seated we were told that there is a reservation soon and would need to be done in an hour.  I did not know restaurants had time restrictions. Wish we were told that before waiting almost an hour.  Won't be back!
4	Visited Blanco for the first time for a work happy hour get-together. There were about 15 of us but we made reservations so we got a great table right by the bar.  We ordered a few rounds of drinks and some guacamole to go with the chips and salsa. I had a peach margarita in a sugar-rimmed glass. It was really yummy and they did not skimp on the alcohol! The chips, salsa and guacamole were also really good. The guacamole had huge chunks of fresh avocado in it, which I really enjoyed - you could tell this was not out a can!The whole time our server was super attentive. Our water glasses and chip bowls were always full, and he was constantly on top of making sure we had enough drinks without being pushy. Juggling a table this big can be tricky but we felt very taken care of the whole time.If you have a big group, Blanco is very accommodating. I didn't get to try dinner but I would love to go back and try some of their tacos.
5	Love this place. My wife and I eat here all of the time. The tacos are my usual with rice and black beans. Today though I had the red chili chicken enchiladas and was blown away. Absolutely amazing flavor and a huge portion. I took half home for lunch tomorrow. There are two huge patios with heaters for the winter and misters for the summer.
1	Got food poisoning from the tortilla soup. So I wouldn't recommend that. Hesitant to recommend anything actually. I was the only one who got SOOO and got sick so my friends made it out okay Waitress could have been more attentive to our waters being out at the table Etc.
4	Good Job Fox!  Visited on a Monday night just about happy hour, good service, ambiance hip and trendy, plenty of staff and promptly served with good chips and good salsa. Happy hour margaritas a bit sweet for me and my date so our bill was about $20 cheaper than it could have been.  Crispy Shrimp Tacos delicious, Mahi Salad hit the spot.  White rice was different and the charro beans very good. Fox has a way with their restaurants that keeps them just shy of genius but way above run of the mill. We ate at Culinary Dropouts the day before! All good.
5	As visitors from Calgary Alberta, our friends had recommended Blanco in Scottsdale, Arizona. We entered Blanco for the first time on December 14, 2014 and were greeted by General Manger, Chelsey Dever. Chelsey was warm, welcoming and not aware we were visitors. She provided us with an overview of the restaurant and recommended popular dishes on the menu.We of course love our drinks, food with flavour and spice, service and the overall ambience which makes for a fun and exciting experience as we explore restaurants.What was most noticeable was the staff with genuine smiles on their faces as they went back and forth serving the many patrons including us in the restaurant. Chelsey frequently stopped by our table to ensure that we were satisfied with our food and ensured that service was a top priority. This made my first experience to Blanco which happened to be on my birthday, very memorable. Good service, great ambiance and tasty food. I would recommend Blanco to my relatives and friends.Well done Blanco and Chelsey... you did deliver
