5	It always nice to be one of the firsts to see a new restaurant, nightclub, bar, etc.  Especially because the service is typically great, everything is shiny & new.  And the enthusiasm of many familiar faces is felt from the moment you walk in.   RnR Scottsdale's opening night was no different than previously stated.  There was a much smaller food menu available, but they are Ready-N-Rolling (Rock-n-Roll, Rest-N-Relaxation, pick one or make up your own definition).  I had the new IPA by New Belgium (Fat Tire), Ranger.  Clean, smooth, not too hoppy.  The setting is comfortable and warm (heating on both upper and lower patios), TV's galore, great location on Scottsdale Road near RA and the Billet Bar.There are a number of great names associated with this new endeavor and it shows.  They created a great vibe that will undoubtedly be the next contender for "The Place" to be.  Beginning this Saturday morning, they will roll out breakfast for the first time.  The menu, hours of operation and location make this a home-run in my book.  (had to throw that in for all the spring training fans that will be in the area.)
5	My girlfriends and I ventured into RnR last night for their first night open.  What a gorgeous building and warm atmosphere.  RnR is going to be the perfect spot for day drinking (due to their abundance of outdoor seating).  My favorite structural aspect of the decor was the wine wall - you can't miss it.We didn't sample the menu items, just the cocktails.  The cocktails were great - an unusual selection of specialty cocktails. The menu has a a variety of selections without being overly pretentious. I can't wait to visit again to see how RnR settles in.  I have a feeling this is going to be a great place frequent for lunch and for nights out.
2	I hesitate to be critical of a place when it's only just opened. But I do this because I hope some of the problems can be fixed.I'll start with the positive. The vibe of the place was great. I'm a huge fan of the building. The aesthetics of it are awesome. It feels small and intimate, but looking around, it can obviously accommodate a lot of people. From what I've seen, it's more geared towards large groups of people, with many large booths with room for 8.There are a few problems that I'm sure every restaurant has when just starting out. The food took a very long while to come out. Which doesn't make sense, because not many people were ordering food. The most disappointing part was that the menu was limited to about 4 items. I went there on the third day they were open though, so all of this is completely forgivable.There are a few things that I would expect to be more difficult to fix. Parking was a huge PITA. We parked about a half mile away, but I guess that's to be expected in Old Town. The location is right across from a biker bar. With a bunch of people coming and going from there with open pipes, it was difficult to have a conversation indoors next to a closed window. I imagine it was much worse for everyone on the patio. Above all, I don't think the quality of the food justified the price. I had the blue cheese burger, for $13. It was cooked to order nicely (med-rare), but had little flavor other then the toppings. The meat itself wasn't spectacular, which is what I would expect at that price. And the parmesan fries that came with were bland and came in a small portion.There's a good amount of buzz about this place, and I think it shows promise. I definitely want to come back once they've settled in and give things another try.
1	OK, this is not a food review. ...let's start with the good. Great space, beautiful, modern industrial space, good outdoor space. Well, that ends the good. So, on a Sunday before a spring training game I showed up hoping for a fun brunch before some work. After checking in and requesting the "rare" and unavailable breakfast menu, we were seated on the upstairs patio...and then the wait began. And...we waited...and waited...and wait, that table over there apparently has a server. Oh apparently he isn't our server. OK, well the table behind us complained. So, that table got a "well I'm not your server but I am helping out."  So...20 minutes in, hmmm, maybe this place can't plan for the reality pre-game Giant's game, or maybe they think this is Suede or some other "club" where people come in despite the horrendous lack of attention to detail and service...but hey, we can wait a few minutes longer...but should we need to wait 20 minutes? OK, let's go to the bar. WHOA! All the waiters are hanging out around the computer entry system..."Umm, dude, what's the code for water?" Ummm, hey, there are 6 of you here, how about serving some tables. I'm no expert, just a suggestion. Let's leave. So...I can't speak to the food, but a good source tells me it matches the service. Disappointing at best! Please don't waste that building!  Either get your act together or hand over the space.  Scottsdale is full of wannabes...it doesn't need another.
1	When you first open your doors for business it is imperative that you make a good and consistent first impression.  It is also critical that your staff is ready to open.  from what i saw and the other negative reviews it seems that they have failed horribly. i went with my girlfriend for lunch today. entered the front door to a few employees that seemed a little confused, expected for first week.  we chose to sit outside on the bottom patio to do some people watching.  its a nice patio.SIDENOTE. i just dont understand why there are so many patios build 4 feet away form the road.  scottsdale road is busy mid day and it can be a little irritating eating and drinking with exhaust fumes from city busses, loud hogs (choppers or motorcycles) ghetto people playing bad music too loud with their windows down, thinking they are hardcore, but then again its people watching.  ANYWAYeverything was fine until we ordered our food. a salad and ahi tacos. SMALL menu.  NOTHING exciting.  quite the boring menu.  i had higher expectations.  anyway ,after we ordered i asked if i could glance at the dinner menu, our server said "yea i think i can find one of those."  when he returned empty handed 15 mins later to refill my soda, his response was that the dinner menu was still in the works and not yet available,  hopefully wednesday.  ok whatever.  he then says that the kitchen has had some issues and had to cut the tuna to order.  ok whatever i can kind understand that too.  however, i can personally cut and portion about ten pounds of ahi tuna in ten minutes by myself.  hopefully a fully staffed kitchen can handle a not very busy lunch, right?!?   wrong.  more time goes by and when our server returned to say our food was still not quite ready yet i told him we were leaving.  and we walked.  all in all we waited about twenty five minutes for a seared piece of tuna and a salad.  this should take about 5 minutes, 10 if your slammed.  if for whatever reson it takes longer a manager should stop by and show face.  there was nothing.  no concern from management.  i didnt even see one.  the server did seem genuinly apologetic and i left him some cash for the time in his table.  on our way back to the car we saw mission and, starving, we went there and had a great lunch.  sorry RnR but you screwed up.  you are clearly not ready for business and need to do some retraining.  i heard they had hired a quality exec chef and then fired him before opening.  the only thing you are good for now is an overpriced beer and overflow from the blue moose durring spring training.  maybe some ASU hunting grounds.  that seems fitting for what you have.
1	We checked out RnR on Sunday (just a few days after opening.) In all fairness, I have to agree with many of the other reviews. Even though they are new, these things are fixable so hopefully the feedback will be taken in the appropriate vein. The building is very cool and the vibe was energetic on a sunny Sunday morning. There was an abundance of waiters but they seemed to be confused and frenetic without a real focus on the customer. The menu is very limited and our server had not eaten most of the items. He was struggling to explain. Our drinks took more than 15 minutes to arrive even though we saw them sitting at the bar for the entire time. Our water had just disappeared. Then the food. I ordered the grill cheese ( a rare treat and when I order it I want it good!). It was cold and overwhelmed by heavy bread. The cheese wasn't melted. I sent it back and they simply nuked it and brought it out. Icky. Our son wanted a kids cheeseburger and the staff kept coming back and forth not sure if there was a single burger or sliders for kids. It became comical after the third person came out. My husband ordered a salmon omelet with several additional fixings. The eggs tasted like box eggs and it was lackluster and flavorless. We even took the time to provide feedback to management but we got a weak smile and "come back and try us again." He made no effort to "make things right" either by comping something else to taste or providing an incentive to come back. There are too many restaurants in town to have to go to one that is less than mediocre. The young crowd may enjoy it for the bar vibe it gives but the majority of the tables on Sunday am were families or middle aged and we saw similar responses at other tables.
2	While the decor and location are undoubtedly cool & I understand soft openings can be tough, we had a similar experience to Nathan M. on Sunday...very poor service, lackluster food (one sandwich came out 10 minutes before the second one, and even when we pointed this out to our server, she said oh, yeah, the other one is on it's way...when we finally got around to eating the chicken pesto+brie+sundried tomato sandwich -- there was no brie, 1 sundried tomato and a splash of pesto on the bread). And as I looked across Scottsdale Rd. from the patio, I found myself wondering...if a duel broke out between Billet Bar and RnR, I know who I'd put my money on - and it's not the server in the purple & teal vans.
3	I have watched the construction of RnR these past few months and thought it looked pretty cool.  A great place to hang out, enjoy the nice weather on the patio and have a few drinks some food maybe:).  After reading all the bad reviews for RnR I thought I would give it a shot today for lunch.  I was by myself so decided to sit outside at the bar on the first floor.  I really like the look of this place... it is open with lots of places to sit and enjoy the weather.  For lunch I decided on the grilled cheese & bacon with Parmesan fries.  It was not the best grilled cheese I have ever had but it was good and the fries were pretty tasty.  The restaurant is still chaotic trying to figure things out... I would definitely come back again... I might wait until they get their full menu figured out:).
4	I have not had any food, but went there last Sunday to watch the Ohio State game. I met up with some friends, who had claimed an outdoor bar. I love the vibe in there. There is great energy, the design is very nice, modern, clean. We were on the patio so we had a lot of fun people watching.Unfortunately we had a little weasel of a server, who, I think was new to the waiting game. He really didn't have a way with people and seemed incredibly paranoid about who was on which tab, where people in our group were going. We explained that we were there to watch the game, he had credit cards on all the tabs. We weren't going anywhere. It was very annoying. But the rest of the service was good. It seemed to be well staffed and some people I was with ordered some apps and said they were good. The food looked good, so I'll be back to try it one day. Hopefully the new server will loosen up so we can all relax and have a nice time.
4	RnR strikes me as a casual, urban place to meet up for drinks and a bite to eat. It's not what comes to mind when I think old town Scottsdale, but places like this popping up are helping to change my mind about the area. Unfortunately after I was finished I was reminded that it's still old town when I walked by a pan flute band on Main St.The old town parking corral is directly behind RnR, you can get to it from the alley next to RnR or off of 2nd Street.The space has a refreshing, industrial feel. I was impressed by the thought put into the seating options. Inside mostly features traditional high top tables for four, but I noticed they had a table near the bar that could seat at least 12. The downstairs patio features another bar, and both table and lounge chair seating. The upstairs patio has the best date seating, lots of tables for two.There was a lot of staff working during my visit. The host was friendly, and my waiter was attentive. My water was never empty and I got my sandwich in under 10 minutes. If anything they were a little too eager to please. I was both impressed and bemused when my waiter refilled my water glass, apparently noticed my ice had mostly melted, then returned with a scoop of ice to add to my cup.I just got a grilled cheese (which includes tomato and bacon) on my visit, I had dinner plans later but I was interested in feeling this place out. I really enjoyed it. The bread is cut pretty thick, which made me a little nervous. But it had a wonderful texture, and after a few bites I decided it worked for me and didn't overpower the delicious sharp cheddar and bacon like I expected.I look forward to returning to try other meals, and to sample what the bar has to offer. I understand RnR will have both late night hours and breakfast service. This is a great place to visit any time of day, but I'm excited about having a new, good place I can frequent after (or during) a night out.
1	Like Nathan M., this review is for the lack of service and not the food as we didn't make it that far.My boyfriend and I came in yesterday afternoon for lunch.  The host was friendly enough, we sat at a table on the 2nd floor patio.  It really is a great looking place, open, industrial, "hip".  That is where the positives stop.  We waited about 15 minutes for our server to show up, who then took our drink order and ran away before we could say we were ready to order our food.   He seemed very disinterested.  10 minutes later my iced tea was dropped off hastily with no mention of my bf's beer, he said he'd be back to take our order as he was walking away from our table.  Another 10 minutes passed, still no beer and "our server" reappears to take our food order.   We asked to start with the artichoke dip, to which we were told "we're out".  I asked for a ceasar salad, the bf a burger.  After we ordered, we realized that the server didn't ask which side we wanted with the burger.  We both realized at this point that we just needed to get the hell out of there.  We dropped $3 on the table for my iced tea and headed to Sonic.
1	I'm not a food critic by any stretch of the imagination, but with that being said this place aspires to be mediocre.  And that's saying something for Scottsdale. The bar/patio/lounge have this industrial design thing going on which isn't that bad until you add in the music and the noise from Scottsdale road.  The prices are what you would expect to find in a "trendy Scottsdale bar" the problem is at most of those "trendy Scottsdale bars" you can get pretty good food and it's worth it, and normally there is some little twist that makes it worth it.  I can honestly say I've never paid $13 for a pork sandwich that tasted like it was KC Masterpiece mixed with recently thawed shredded pork (the sandwich lived up to the rest of bar is aspired to be mediocre).   The meal came with the choice of fries (regular/parmesan/sweet potato) I took the parmesan fries... I couldn't taste any hint of parmesan on the fries but there were white specs that I suspect were the parmesan in question.   The wait staff was attentive, but they were either very new or indiffrent.  While eating I saw multiple plates go back with food that wasn't even half eaten.  I literally watched the table behind me get their food and have it sent back less then three minutes and two bites later.   So aspirations of mediocre are as good as it gets here. If this place survives the summer I will be impressed.  Do your self a favor and go a block in either direction and find a better "trendy Scottsdale bar" you will be happy that you did.
5	My boyfriend and I went there yesterday for an early dinner; we easily found parking at the "Parking Corral" and walked in.  There were multiple hosts waiting to greet us at the front door.  Right off the bat, we were impressed.  The patio is gorgeous, both upstairs and downstairs.  The booths are large and roomy, and I liked the long table next to the bar that can be used for couples or large parties.  They have an amazing wine cabinet, if you can call it that, more like a wine wall, that I'm trying to convince my boyfriend we need in our house.  We decided to go with the Apple & Gorgonzola salad and the Chicken Sandwich...the chicken sandwich has brie, basil pesto, and sun-dried tomatoes, nothing short of amazing.  As for the salad, they use a prickly pear vin, which pairs sinfully well with it. :)  Just the right amount or gorgonzola, not overpowering at all.He went with Blue Moon on tap and I chose Sangre de Toro for my wine.  We've been drinking Toro at home for years, and it's the first time I've seen it out and about at a bar.  Instant plus.Overall, we had a great time, and the price wasn't bad at all!  I was expecting to pay much more for what we received.  RnR...we're fans!  We can't wait to go back!
2	Got a chance to check out RnR last night with a few friends. I loved the building and atmosphere. Called ahead and was told they do not take any reservations (think restaurants with that policy are so annoying) but was told the wait should not be longer than 15. We got there perfect timing and only waited about five. Nice patio and perfect night for dining outside!  Was not too impressed with the menu. Very limited on choices, no vegetarian options. But if going with a small menu the items you do offer have no excuse but to be over the top amazing. Not the case. I ordered the Ahi Tacos off the "small plates" menu. Small was an understatement. Luckily wasnt starving or would have left very very hungry. I did love the spinach artichoke dip the group shared for an app. Perhaps still figuring out what menu will work best for them. Server was friendly. Will probably give this place another shot as I imagine they will continue to work out the kinks!
3	Well we went on opening weekend and went very late.  I was hoping for breakfast around 11pm.  Despite advertising that they were open and doing regular business, when we got there and got seated, the waiter told us that it was a limited menu.  No big deal, I get it, but lame.So we order a couple drinks, some mini hot dogs, and a burger to share.The drinks were a DISASTER.  I don't think I've ever had a worse drink.  $13 for a tiny glass of vodka and muddled fruit.  No flavor, no sugar, no nothing.  Just straight vodka and fruit.  This is the most expensive drink I've ever seen on a menu and it is worthless.  I can get a damn flaming volcano of rum that has enough booze to knock two of me out for $15 at Hulas...so explain your pricing scheme to me - please.The mini hot dog things were good.  Nothing special about them, but they were okay.The burger was giant and pretty good.  It had some massive pieces of bacon on it and was cooked really well.I am still willing to go back for breakfast one of these days but for the $40 a dropped there, I really didn't get much out of it.  The service was painfully slow and the menu was overpriced.  Welcome to Scottsdale, I guess.
2	We stopped by here after a spring training game last Sunday for drinks and dinner. I loved the setup of the patio and inside bar, especially because there were plenty of tv's to catch Selection Sunday. The prices seemed a little high but it is in Scottsdale. I ordered the RnR burger. The bacon was thick and flavorful but the hamburger tasted and looked like it had been frozen.  As I was eating I thought the burger and fries at Zipps was better and less expensive. Although the drinks seemed expensive, they did include a double shot. Our waitress was friendly but seemed pre-occupied and had a hard time keeping our order straight. She ended up bringing us an extra iced tea and mixed drink the bar made, but seemed to disappear when we needed her. Even if the service were great I don't know if I'd make it a point to go back based on the food and price of the drinks.
1	I went to this beautiful building with Great expectations but WOW what a disappointment. I sat at the upstairs bar and ordered a beer great except a little high price. after 30 minutes I asked for a menu after the shuffle to find one and then explain the items they were out of I ordered the RNR burger and waited 52 minutes and it was cold as my beer the bartender said OK we will not charge you for it Really?I paid cash for my 2 beers but they took a credit card to run a tab it took 4 days to clear the pending at my bank. just a bad deal
4	I went here yesterday for lunch with a friend of mine and sat outside on their second story.  The service was prompt and polite and the food was Delicious!  I had the Chicken Sandwich and my friend had the RnR Burger (we split everything down the middle).  The sandwich was so tasty-with the brie and the sun dried tomatoes...It had so much flavor, i loved it.  and the Burger was just as good-The bacon was done perfectly and the bun gave it a great taste.  We each got different fries (parmesan and sweet potato) but the sweet potato were some of my favorite i've ever had.I would recommend this place fore sure. I just wish it was a bit more homey-i like places that make you feel like your part of their working family or  joke around with you and such, might of been the day i went but besides that-it was great.
4	Hit RnR for lunch with some co-workers this week. The atmosphere is very open and modern but not uptight which is always nice. It was not very busy so the 6 of us got a table right away.The menu had a nice selection of salads and sandwiches, pretty much your standard fare for lunch. I ordered a salad that included strawberries, apples, walnuts and a strawberry dressing on mixed greens. I added chicken for $3 more.The salad was a decent size and there was a lot of chicken which was great. I hate when places make you pay extra for a piddly scrap of food. The chicken was done well and the salad was fresh. Most of my co-workers had chicken sandwiches which they gobbled up quickly.The service was pretty quick but our waitress was a little snotty. When one of my co-workers got his sandwich with mayo (which was not mentioned on the menu) and asked for a new bun, the waitress did get him another sandwich quickly but also had to point out (with attitude) that it was aioli not mayo. Umm...isn't aioli just a fancy word for mayo mixed with something? And why would you put mayo, ahem, aioli on a sandwich that had pesto? Whatever. I would be willing to visit RnR again and try one of their sandwiches or burgers. But hopefully I'll get a different waitress.
1	I feel the management/owners here felt that "if you build it, they will come".  The must have spent a mint on for the location, building and build out but forgot to invest in training their staff.  I asked the waiter to get me a glass of temprarnillo wine and if they didn't have that, then just to bring me an IPA.  20 Minutes later he shows up with an IPA .  I asked for a wine list and right on the list it says they have tempranillo.  You could tell the waiter had no clue what I was asking for.  You would think that their wait staff would at least know their wines since they have pairing suggestions on their menu.  My fiance and I ordered lunch and it took over 1 hr for it to come out!!!  My bread sandwich....excuse me, chicken sandwich came out between 2 huge slices of bread and the smallest chicken breast ever.The potato chips where wet with oil and chewy. .  Everyone in the place had the same type of horrible service. They did not comp the meal after we had to wait over and hour for a sandwich.   I feel bad for this place because you can tell they spent a ton on it but unless their service dramatically improves I can not see this place keeping its doors open for very long.
2	I live in the area so I was excited when I saw this place being built - it's a cool modern building with patios on both floors. I'd heard complaints from my friends about the service and food but decided to try it anyway. When I walked in I was greeted by two friendly hostesses and the inside is as cool as the outside very open and well thought out.Service - I decided to grab a seat at the small bar outside (maybe 10 seats) and grab a drink while I was waiting for a friend. For 5-7 minutes I watched the bartender repeatedly walk by she was helping waitresses but never acknowledged me. I would have left but I was waiting for a friend - I grabbed a table on the patio instead. After another 5 minutes of waiting a waiter finally took my drink order. He brought it in a reasonable amount of time but when my friend arrived she had to wait 10min for a drink too. The rest of service for our visit was acceptable.Food - We tried the artichoke dip which was average but I think the chips were store bought and then heavily salted. I like salt but whoa hold back a little.Bill - I thought the bill was too high for the service and food.  $5.55+tax for a draft Fat Tire(pint) and $9 for the artichoke dip. Although I would have no problem with that if the service was good and the food was above average. Not yetI hope they can turn the place around. They did a great job with the design but need to work out the flaws in service and improve the food or lower the prices. It'll be a few months before I try it again - hopefully it will be under new management or have their issues worked out by then.
2	OK, this is now based on food...mostly. I went back to RnR based on an invitation from RnR, unfortunately, the follow through was lacking. Without getting into details...it may be that I had to ask for things when in fact I was under the impression that things would be taken care of...in any event, the nice invitation brought me in for brunch on Sunday at 11 AM and that invitation raises the review one more star. My brunch attempt was doomed. RnR doesn't have "brunch." They have breakfast, which stops at 11AM, and I really needed some eggs, but alas it was now lunch...wish I had known this. Fortunately my sister didn't throw a tantrum and beat me when my brunch offer turned into lunch. RnR still is on a temporary menu and it shows. The menu is relatively limited and lacks anything that grabs your attention. We ordered drinks...and, here comes the theme...we waited. In fact while waiting, I saw a couple leave the bar because the bartender never came to take their order. Our service was only marred by the confusion as to who our waiter was, at least we had one. So, we discussed peace in the Middle-East, and waited. Not sure why the bar is so slow and the waiter did apologize. That said, it's in sure need of a fix. My Bloody Mary was averageish, straight from a mix, nothing special. The grilled cheese was below average. It lacked ample cheese and flavor and the bread was meh. The Parmesan fries were...average. The "fresh fruit" was formerly frozen fruit compote. Still, the space is very nice (although I did notice some awkwardly located tables in a dark back area that is not the most inviting) but the kinks are many. The space deserves something at least on the level of Daily Dose or even the US Egg. As it stands, it's going to be a bumpy ride.
4	After a Spring Traning game we walked out on the N. Scottsdale and hit RnR.  It's a nice place and with all those flat screens for the NCAA tourney we were sucked in.  Great place - nice decor - staff was friendly.  $3 HH beers and 1/2 off apps  had us there for hours.  Or wait, maybe it was the super cute bartender that had us there for hours? Ah, regardless - 4 stars!!
4	It was hard to believe this place was only open for about 3 weeks when we went in for lunch. They are running pretty smoothly.Love the stemware and flatware.For lunch I had the pulled pork, which was great. My dad had the grilled cheese and my mom had the chicken sandwich. All pretty good and came with a HUGE thing of fries. I had the sweet potato fries and they were delicious.The patio was beautiful and had a nice arrangement of seating for different moods. As the menu expands, it'd be good to include some more southwestern style meals. The appetizers seem fun (pigs in a blanket!) and it looks like a nice place to enjoy drinks in the comfy chairs.
4	I came here the other day with a friend for happy hour. For a drink and an appetizer off the Happy Hour Menu, we each paid $10 plus tip. The food was delicious. I haven't fully explored the menu yet but I'd recommend the Chicken Lollipops (ya I said that right) or the Animal Fries. Also they're specialty cocktails come with double shots, so you get your money's worth (at $13 a pop), but during happy hour they are half off too.The atmosphere is pretty fun, with all the serves wearing Vans. It has a very modern feel, with lots of exposed metal and lounging areas. The main patio faces Scottsdale Rd, which gives the place a very urban feel, with people walking by. Oh and did I mention it has a second floor?
3	Pretty cool place the music is a little loud everywhere you go in this place, there is three bars and 2 patio's each with there own bar one upstairs and one down (patio's) the drinks are expensive here but the staff is good and they want to get you drunk here. Our server was all over us pushing the drinks! She did a great job. Not sure I would want to come back to this place it's way to loud here!
3	In order of priority given the time I was there and I was not nearly as hungry as my partner in crime:5 stars - space, layout, bar, wine wall that goes on for miles, and the bathrooms are sweet..yeah, I said that.. 4 stars - the coffee is great, the breakfast burrito, a downright treat4 stars - the bar and glass ware is out of this world...where did you get those coffee cups, I want one...2 stars - the service, we waited and waited and waited a good 30 minutes for a...wait for it...a single breakfast burrito with a few potatoes at 9:30 in the am on a Saturday...the restaurant was empty with the exception of a few patio dwellers and a crazy amount of staff.So, RnR you are really really pretty but I can't bring you home to mom and dad because well, like you are not real stable if you know what I mean, but I will party with you any day!
5	I have been to RnR a few times since it has opened.  I have read people have had slow service.  I feel that it has improved 110%.  We had an awesome server the last time I was in on Friday night.  The chicken lollipops are to die for!  The Stigmata (sp?) Vodka drink with berries is also fantastic.  They brought in a DJ that night after happy hour.  My friends and I sang and danced in our seats all night.  Great place!!
3	At first glance, RnR is fresh, trendy, and part of the urban rebranding in Scottsdale.  There is ample seating at the bar, which is always a plus and a large patio.  I stopped by at lunch time and had fast/friendly service from the host and the girls behind the bar.Another eye catcher was they serve breakfast until 2pm and the board out front seemed to have some decent happy hour specials.  A discount or special would be a plus.The only concern seemed that the menu is a little pricey for the type of  food.  I tried the grilled chicken sandwich which is server on foccacia smothered with pesto and melted brie.  They do offer 3 different types of sides, parmesan fries, sweet potatoe fries, or chips.  Washed it down with a Coors light draft bringing a sandwich and a beer to $18 plus tip.I'd be happy to go back for happy hour, but didn't think it was worth $21 bucks for lunch
3	Mmmmmm I felt pretty lukewarm for this place. I like the decor and the feel of it, but the menu is quite limited and expensive. Which, isn't always a bad thing, however my sister and I ordered a sandwich and a burger for lunch and it was $50. Yikes. Granted, they gave us a ton of food, but that's more than I want to spend on a sandwich and a burger for lunch.On a brighter note, the patio was nice, and I could see myself doing happy hour there. It appears they have an extensive collection of beer, wine and booze. The appetizers sound interesting as well, and it appears they have a happy hour special...all good things :)Okay so the first experience was so-so, but id be willing to go back and give it a whirl.
5	Love this place! I went with my Grandma and Aunt on a Thursday afternoon. The weather was great but just a tad windy so we sat inside. First I like the layout of this place, very open and airy. There are 2 outside patios one street level and then one upstairs. I actually have been here twice so far. First time was just for a mid afternoon cocktail with one of my stylists. The servers were very friendly and our concoction of vodka, grapefruit and cranberry juice was the perfect blend. The second time we ordered 3 small plates to share, ahi tacos, artichoke and spinach dip and the mussels. All three were heavenly and very reasonably priced. The ahi was fresh and chilled, perfect for a warm day. The artichoke dip was different than any I have had before, gooey cheesy goodness that we gobbled up practically licking the bowl. The chips that accompanied the did were fresh and perfectly salted, even when the dip was done we still polished off the chips. The mussels were in a perfect white wine sauce but the stars of this dish were the mussels themselves. Buttery and melt in your mouth good, not chewy at all with no grit, to most common problem I find. The broth was so good I let the bread marinate at the bottom of the bowl, soaking up the juice. My martini was a generous pour and even though they were out of blue cheese stuff olives the bartender took the time to stuff some and deliver it to our table. Now on to the staff, all are a good looking lot but they are also skilled. All of our food and drinks were delivered in a timely manner by our lovely server Jennifer. We also met one of the sous chefs, Lennie. A charming fellow with stunning blue eyes, my grandmother remarked on them, a playful Mohawk and tattoos peaking out of his uniform. He swears that the sweet potato fries are some of the best in town and sent over a complimentary bucket. I do believe he is right, cooked to perfection, slightly crisp on the outside, warm and soft on the inside dusted with fresh herbs and I believe Parmesan cheese. After our meal the manager came over to make sure everything was to our liking. RnR is another great place within walking distance from my salon and I am looking forward to trying everything on their menu. If all the items are as wonderful as the first 3 I tried I am in for a treat!
2	I agree with others who thought it's a tad overpriced.  A group of us on a Sunday bike ride (the pedal kind) had a pit stop there and for some reason they have happy hour every day of the week - except Sundays.  Spring training season was over so the place was barely a quarter full on a lazy afternoon.  It's a nice place, but 3 domestic beers + tax/tip cost $18.   I'd expect to pay that at a club at night, but it's not a place I'd stop by again during the day for a casual bev with friends.  For some reason, a lot of Old Town places don't seem to realize there's a big difference between the day crowd and the night crowd.
1	First I set downstairs. Struck up a conversation with another single woman. We both set at the bar wanting white wine. The bartender knew nothing about wine or what was stocked. The hostess later provided a cheap looking but creative wine list on strips of paper. They stock a number of reds and whites but none I nor the other woman was familiar with. I prefer Chablis but they don't stock any. So I decided to try the house margarita. Listen closely.... Avoid it! It doesn't taste anything like a margarita, they serve it in their regular cocktail glass and they limit you to two of them. I could not suck it down and I can usually drink just about anything that's a cocktail that I set my mind to with a few exceptions. Mark this as a new exception. Further more the young bartender did not know what he had on hand. I ordered a Canadian Whiskey and 7 up. He poured and tried to get me to drink a Chivas Regal & 7! The Canadian Club and Seagram Seven was in plain sight! Our party decided to move upstairs and it took the bar 25 minutes to combine 3 tabs to be paid on one credit card! Upstairs the waiter decides to card me! Come on I'm old enough to be your mother! He backs down. But when the other female in our party of now four orders a round of shoots for us it takes more than 30 minutes to get them. Because our waiter felt she was tipsy, I'm told when I track him down. We looked at the menu but nothing was appealing, not even the font choice of the menu! Worst menu I have ever seen in a new establishment. If not the worst ever. Everything is overpriced. Happy hour consist of half off drinks and $1 off small plates! One dollar! Why bother? The host/hostess furthermore kept people waiting at the door at 5pm when there was a number of tables in sight, as well as the majority of the bar. None of us understood that. The restrooms are located on the main floor only and the women's room is a major track to the entry should you need to go, so beware if you are upstairs! The upstairs is not accessible to anyone who can not climb a flight of steep stairs by the way. Many say they like the building but I personally find nothing about it appreciative. They proudly boast that it was built from the ground up for this purpose & use. Being an ex- architect student, take my opinion for free... it's a crappy design! The excessive outdoor seating is nice for a few months out of the year but soon 3/4 of their seating will be avoided due to the AZ heat or seasonal rainstorms. Also the color scheme of gray on gray isn't very inviting. I chuck this up to been there, done that. I will not be returning. After all why?  Menu sucks, drinks sucks, service sucks, seating sucks.
3	I met a friend at RnR for a drink on a Saturday night. First off, the place is absolutely awesome inside and out. We ventured to the upstairs patio and saw nowhere to sit. So we went back towards downstairs, until we were hunted down by one of the servers for the upstairs portion, who broke up a table and made somewhere for us to sit. That was pretty good service!I had their version of a chambord margarita and a beer. The rita was pretty good, not like the ones at Ztejas, a little more tart. It was tasty. Since I did not eat, I cannot comment on the food, but I would totally come back for breakfast looking at the menu. The atmosphere was nice, the waitstaff friendly.... but my friend and I found one thing very funny. All of the male staff wear these like low v-neck shirts. We found it kind of funny. We were wondering if waxing your chest was part of the job description. Just something we noticed.When I actually eat there I will update my review.
5	Love the atmosphere, the patios, drinks and especially the chicken lollipops.  If you haven't tried them, they are buffalo wings with a handy bone to hold on to while you eat.  The sauce with blue cheese dressy is one for the record books!I am also a fan that they serve breakfast 7 days a week and have free wifi.  This is a great place to meet for work or meet after a game.  Not too stuffy, but nice enough that it isn't just labeled a bar.
2	This place has real potential but falls short in a few areas for sure.  The bar staff is somewhat attentive but seems to be more preoccupied with spinning glasses than serving drinks in a timely fashion.  One bartender broke a glass right in front of me while flipping it.  The staff seemed inexperienced and not well trained. I repeatedly watched the bartenders scoop ice out of the ice bins with a pint glass, its just a matter of time before someone ends up with a glass chip in their drink.    The waiter I had took almost ten minutes to greet us. He showed up with no menus or drink lists but expected us to know what we wanted once he finally showed up.  He was pleasant enough but again just not super sharp. The look of the place is pretty cool. The patio is sweet and I love the decor for the most part.  I noticed some other "restaurant rip offs" like the gum bullseyes that Postino has at their wine bars.  Everyplace doesn't need to be super original but some things are blatant and show no imagination.  All in all I was not impressed. This place needs some real direction and fine tuning.
1	Honestly the drinks are overpriced and have a hint of rubbing alcoholHonestly my lunch was just okayHonestly they have a drink called the stigmataHonestly I am dreading having to give them 2 stars given the hypeBut, I am supposed to be honest.This place has been the buzz since before I returned stateside. My coworkers had also been hearing the same buzz. We just had to go as the finale to our week of lunch. Yeah, I probably would've been better off at the Billet Bar across the street. I mean it is biker week. The people watching would've been stellar. The only people watching I had at RnR was the gorgeous server outside our window on the patio. But even his piece of art body won't bring me back.The first hint should've really been the overpriced drinks we started with. I figured for that price they should be damn good so I ordered some lime concoction. A coworker got the stigmata. Holy strong... and not in a good way. I mean, I appreciate my drink as much as the next but not when I can't even enjoy it. One of my other coworkers on the other hand, was enjoying his blue moon. That was until he held it up to take another sip and the entire bottom of his glass fell off.. yes.. fell in one piece.. onto our table. What happened to the contents do you ask? That went all over him, the table, inside someone's wallet, and onto an iPhone and my face. The waiter wasn't even really apologetic about it aside from giving us some extra cloth napkins which weren't soaking anything up at all. No wet rag, no comp, no apology, nothing but another glass of blue moon we were hoping wasn't bought at a prank store and a sticky table, faces, and sunglasses.The chicken lollipops were not what I expected, but really weren't bad. I did enjoy those. I also enjoyed the presentation of my fries. Cute silver bucket. Tons of fries. Couldn't finish.I ended up getting a chicken sandwich that had brie and some other goodness on it. Totally forgot to order it without tomato, but I picked it off easily. I know what you're thinking, they serve breakfast here til 2pm, why the hell did the breakfast queen not order breakfast. Honestly, none of it wooed me enough that it looked delicious. They had a make your own omelet that was on my short list of things to order, but I'm glad I didn't after seeing a coworker's tiny ass omelet and bread with no other side for $10. Also, I highly doubt their Amish french toast is all that Amish. Just sayin'. I know a bit or two about Amish goodness.So, back to my lunch.. it was just eh, which was sad. The description sounded so delicious I really was expecting to be wowed.. finally.. after all the mishaps I'd had up until this point. I do admit I loved the bread. It was delicious. I also appreciated that despite them not having honey mustard, aioli, or anything else to dip my fries in aside from ketchup and barbeque sauce (which was given with the sweet potato fries.. ew) they tried to make me honey mustard. Unfortunately it was just honey mixed in with bottle mustard ketchup. I ended up using the ranch dressing from the lollipops. What I paid for this was ridiculous.The way they reacted to the beer mishap was ridiculous.The food was meh.Not even I was tempted to try breakfast there.It was like the beautiful model that has no brains.... and I want some brain thought going into my dining experience. Don't try to woo me with simple sex appeal.One of my coworkers commented that maybe in 6 months when the pans are seasoned well after being used the place will be worth it to try again. I told him maybe.Had to edit that someone from our table got terribly ill too... oy vey!
2	I wasn't feeling RnR at all!  We don't usually venture into Scottsdale for many reasons, but the siren song of a non-pretentious late night eatery was just calling to us.  Unfortunately, non-pretentious doesn't apply to the prices.  We came shortly after opening day, so I completely forgive the awful service, the place was packed.  I was irritated though when we were told they were only going to be serving sandwiches and burgers, nothing else, even though we were specifically told that this place would have breakfast all day.  Breakfast is what I wanted.  Oh well.  We ordered the burger and got some mini corn dogs as an appetizer.  The mini corn dogs left a lot to be desired.  They were served with plain ol' ketchup and plain ol' yellow mustard.  Yuck.  The corn dogs were only okay.  The breading around them was way too bread like and it was just lacking in flavor.  The burger was enormous.  Unfortunately, what it lacked any flavor.  I guess what it lacked in flavor it was clearly making up for in size.  The bacon that came on it was equally huge, roughly 2 inches wide and at least 8 inches long... (that's what she said! Ohhhh!)  Anyway, I was obviously not impressed.  We might come back sometime, because their breakfast really does sound wonderful, but hopefully they've figured out how to efficiently serve a busy restaurant by then.
3	RnR is a decent spot for happy hour in Old Town. I met a friend there a couple weeks ago. It was full, but we were able to get a table quickly. Our server was very attentive and fast. We each ordered margaritas - I got one with chambord and my friend got a strawberry margarita. Upon first sip I couldn't understand the TWO drink limit in such a small margarita, but as I had more, I really could taste the alcohol. A little strong for me, but overall fairly tasty. We each ordered sandwiches. She got a chicken, brie, sundried tomato sandwich... I was envious of it, but I don't eat chicken so I ordered the veggie sandwich. A decent sandwich, but nothing to write home about. I'd probably try something else next time. We shared the sweet potato fries and parmesan chips... both very good! We were surprised at the generous portions of each too. The outdoor patio is right up on Scottsdale Rd and is across from the Billet Bar which made for a ton of motorcycle and traffic noise. Kind of annoying at times, but I could deal with it. I read a few reviews about it being pricey. Go for happy hour... much better prices.
2	I went here for happy hour at 5:30pm on a Thursday and it wasn't too crowded. We sat outside which was a mistake because it was SO loud with all the bikes across the street. The drinks were just ok, and the brie appetizer was kind of a joke. Only served with 3 small pieces of bread? Most people order appetizers for at least 2. We asked for more and they brought it out free of charge. The service however was great so that kind of made up for the mediocre drinks and appetizer.
2	Ohhh RnR....Working in the industry, I know what it's like to be a new bar/restaurant so I'm pretty understanding about certain mishaps but after the service last night, I can't say I'm going to be coming back or recommending you to any of my friends at any point in the near future. Me and a friend were occupying one of the bigger booths located on the right as soon as you walk into the place. We weren't really eating and we didn't plan on staying that long and the waitress was nice enough at first. As the place got busier though, she rarely checked up on us and for the last 45 minutes we were there, didn't ask my friend if she wanted another drink. I understand what it's like to be busy (I get my ass kicked at work on a number of occasions) but the power of a smile goes a long way and this girl didn't really seem to give two shits. After drinking some of the beverage I had in front of me, I realized that there was a HUGE crack in the glass...not baby sized...huge. When she came around I lifted the glass, half apologetically smiling  because I hate complaining (especially when it's busy) to which she responded with "What?" After she saw it, she said "Oh shit" and brought me back a different drink. That's all okay but when the bill finally came she hadn't bothered to void it off and a simple "I'm sorry" would have sufficed.It's the little things like that that can bring people back to RnR for a second shot. Maybe in a few months I'll give it another go to see if the service has improved.
1	I have seen this place on the weekend evenings all packed with people looking like they're sardines in a can, so what possessed me to go there for brunch one day?  I shall never know.  I did, though, and I have to say, the food was yuck, the coffee was watered down, and the service was slow.I ordered the two 'specialties' on the menu, which were the Sundried Scramble with sun-dried tomatoes, basil, goat cheese and scrambled eggs and the maple-bacon scone.  Aside from the fact that my brunch buddie and I literally waited 30 minutes for the food to come out, the food wasn't even that good!!  The Sundried Scramble was something I probably could've made myself at home (and better!), and the scone was just not good.  Actually, they brought out the wrong scone at first, and when the correct one came out, I thought, I should've just said not to bring one at all cuz it was drier than what people who don't live in Arizona consider the state's summers.Also, as my friend and I were walking up to RnR, I saw one of the wait staff lounging around with sunglasses on.  Forgive me if I am wrong, but I think sunglasses should not be worn by wait staff at a restaurant especially for brunch if you are trying to make a statement that the place is as classy as Scottsdale thinks it is.  Shame on you, RnR.  I'm going across the street to go eat at Daily Dose.
3	I really wanted to review RnR after the first time I went there for happy hour.  The setup was awesome as I found myself perfectly situated on the patio between two flat screen tvs watching the playoffs.  I was impressed with the layout and comfort level of the patio, along with a great looking menu and decent mix of patrons.  They do a good job with some minor details (like the gum tabs in the table settings), however now that I've been there 4-5 times, I've come to realize their weakness lies in service.The last three times I've been there, we've had as many problems with our service.  For one, our food came out without any silverware.  The runner didn't notice and also only brought out two of the three items ordered.  We were not asked if we needed any ketchup for our fries either.  On a separate occasion, we stopped in for a few drinks around 9pm.  I was dragging ass from a long day at work and decided to order a Redbull/Vodka.  Rockstar was poured & sold to us without even asking.  I'm no trademark attorney, but I don't think Redbull would be too happy to hear that patrons are unknowingly being served a substitute energy drink (one of Redbull's largest competitors) without providing a heads-up.  Many would also consider this consumer fraud.  Although I let it slide after noticing the staff's uniforms are proudly showcasing the Rockstar logo. This last time, I was there for brunch on Saturday.  My buddy wanted to eat somewhere with a great tv setup.  So I took him to RnR talking up the patio setup.  We sat on the patio to enjoy the plethora of sporting events that were on:  Playoff hockey, NBA playoffs, PGA tourney, NFL draft, etc.  Once we were sat, both tvs on the patio were showing Penn State freshman football scrimmage...in April!  I politely asked our server if he could have it changed to one of the aforementioned events.  The server just looked at me with a blank look and gave us no response.  After 15 minutes of Nittany Lion practice, I went to chat to the bar tender.  The bar tender immediately came outside and worked it out.  Apparently, our server just dismissed our request.  When our food came out, my meal was incorrect.  A completely different dish than what I ordered.  Luckily, the MOD came over and asked how we were doing.  Right then our server came over.  When he figured out that my meal was wrong, all he did was shrug his shoulders.  I don't think he has much serving experience.  The manager, Kathleen, was the one who took my plate and assured me they'd get it right.  Not only did she correct my order, but she comped that item for us.  Her approach, solution, and sincerity was enough to bring me back again.  Not to mention, she's a fox.  Thank you K.C.  I will return to give RnR another shot.FYI...I read some other reviews and many people commented on the noise from the bikes across the street.  Most of the comments happened to be during Arizona Bike Week, which was the third week of April.  I don't see that being an ongoing concern.  There are always bikes up and down Scottsdale Rd, but I would give RnR a little consideration on that.  Overall, food is okay.  I've had some good plates and not-so-good plates.  I ordered the baby back ribs once.  I was told it was a full slab of ribs, but indeed was only a half slab.  They were tasty, but I split the entree with someone because we were told it was a full slab.  So we both left there a little hungry.  I'm giving three stars because it's a cool spot, great location, good atmosphere and they do a lot of things right.  However, they're still somewhat new and have plenty of room to step up the service.  In order to compete in this part of town, I'm fairly confident that they'll improve on their weakness.
5	Everything we tried was excellent. If you want a GREAT surprise, get the chicken lollipops. They are their version of regular wings but they're oh so different. I wasn't wild about the sliders but the chicken and grilled cheese sandwiches were amazing! The waiter accidentally made a mistake on my order, which wasn't a big deal, but he still saw to it that I got a free drink! We've been driving by for awhile and bottom line is I'm so glad we finally stopped!
3	I will say that the weakest link in this restaurant is the maturity of the staff.  We went for lunch and asked to sit on the patio.  Most of the people we're eating but then they sat a large group right next to us that only wanted to drink and smoke.  I know smoking it allowed on the patio but since it wasn't the only table available AND the rest of us we're eating food I think they should have sat them a little farther away from us.Our order wasn't right but couldn't get the server to come back so we just let it go.  The food was great!  Had a few items from the small plates and then we had the bacon grilled cheese and the chicken sandwich.  Both very good.  My biggest complaint is that we we're ignored unless we we're actively looking around for someone and then snagged someone as they walked by.  I will try again as this place is still trying to find its way but service needs to be stepped up for sure.
3	Is it true?  Has the hip-urban-kool Phoenix scene made its way into Scottsdale in the form of the Vig meets Daily Dos meets the Parlor catch all known as RnR?   Seems to be the case.  Smack in the middle of OT Scottsdale is a piece of Phoenix...sort of.Is it sexy, you bet, great location, yep - the design is takes a page from all of the latest new places with stone, steel and wood, striving for an industrial yet comfortable feel.  It seems that with a ground up build, more attention could have been paid to flow and energy.  At first glimpse it looks like the place you want to be.   However, where ever I sit I feel like I am not part of the party.  Inside leaves me left out of the small but covered and comfy patio.  Outside leaves me disconnected from the energy of the bar.  And the much ballyhooed upstairs, although very fun and different makes me feel all alone.  The breakfast especially the Chambord French toast and the sundried scramble are absolutley fantastic, but with an Ice Tea, Tax and Tip, I can't escape the place for less than $20 bucks, solo.  MaybeI am cheap but a little much for breakfast.  Lunch and Dinner are solid but nothing to write home about, I did enjoy the grilled cheese.   The beverage menu is pretty impressive and once the servers are trained enough to help me navigate the unique wine list, I might have more fun with it.The Service sadly comes across as if this part of the equation is an afterthought.  I have had 5 or 6 different servers.  Product and menu knowledge sporadic.  An attitude is hit or miss.  To be fair I have had some stellar service experiences, but the norm is a perfuntcory at best, mildly interested routine.I say all this yet I keep going back - 3 stars come from the fact that at this point it is the only place in Scottsdale I can get this Phoenix-like experience.  Ultimately I think there is great potential and I will be rooting for them.  Luckily I live walking distance from The Vig Uptown - Ah Phoenix.
3	This is an attractive place.  The two level building is very open and nicely designed with exposed concrete and steel construction.  A couple of patios with misters overlooking Scottsdale Rd are a nice touch when the weather isn't too hot.I sat at the bar for happy hour and enjoyed a couple of Fat Tires.  I tried their popcorn rock shrimp which was pretty good.  At happy hour prices, this was an enjoyable place to relax for an hour or so.
2	I have tried to like this place, I really want to, but after my second time here I won't be going back.  The food is good and they have decent beer on tap, that's why they get two stars, but the service is AWFUL.  You should not have to wait 10 minutes for someone to take your drink order, especially when it isn't busy and when the Suns are playing you should have that on TV, not hockey.
4	03/23/10I've postponed writing this review until now, bec. I quite frankly didn't know how to come off unbiased, because, surprise!, my whole meal was comped!  Had I paid for my selections, I'd still give this review at least four stars.  At least!Happy hour menu made its debut on my first (and so far only) visit to RnR.  Yay!!  There were select small plates from the regular menu listed (ahi tacos, chicken lollipops, animal fries, and a special: $10 Burger 'n Brew, to name a few).  Sean was friendly, very helpful and patient w/ all my allergy concerns, and he was at my side almost the whole time I was there- I even asked if he wasn't needed elsewhere since it was starting to get really busy outside.  As I waited for my animal fries (half sweet potato fries and half white smothered w/ white cheddar (?) and a dollop of BBQ shredded pork on top!) to arrive, I asked if I'd be able to order the Burger 'n Brew w/ a glass of wine subbed for the brew (since I don't drink beer), and I was first told no, but then yes, but w/ a dollar or two upcharge.  I decided I'd go w/ the upcharge and put my order in for the burger.  The fries came, and I was in heaven!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z_JkVkaUcN4ITVeuG-4Qtw?select=_oGqaO_0-fNGTCLl1T-j4w#_oGqaO_0-fNGTCLl1T-j4w  The sweet potato fries were fried very crisp- the way I like 'em!  Loved the combo of melted cheese and shredded pork w/ both fry varieties.  A def. must-try!  I really wanted to order the artichoke dip, instead of the burger, but I couldn't have corn tortilla chips (corn allergy), but a presenter (?) from the kitchen offered to switch them out for parmesan chips and told me he'd take care of me, which I took to mean that I'd soon have the app delivered.  When my server came back, I asked him if it was too late to cancel the burger since I was going to get the artichoke app instead, and he said it was not a problem.  Lo, and behold, the "app" placed in front of me was a small sampling of the dip and chips.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z_JkVkaUcN4ITVeuG-4Qtw?select=INeFdqEUMxCESgK6bn9jAw#INeFdqEUMxCESgK6bn9jAw  (FYI, this dip was VERY good!)  By this time, I was getting full on the animal fries, the dip, the parmesan chips (although I couldn't really taste the parmesan), and the glass of wine, and I was mentally computing what my bill was going to be, when the burger was delivered to my table!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z_JkVkaUcN4ITVeuG-4Qtw?select=Ncy-WbRbKGqpjM0S8dsQ0A#Ncy-WbRbKGqpjM0S8dsQ0A  I told the presenter that I had canceled the order, but he left it anyway.  My server again came to see how I was, and even he was surprised to see the burger there.  After going to the kitchen/back to see what to make of this, he came back and said I was welcome to try it if I still wanted to, but that the burger would be on the house.  Yay!!  This was a wonderful burger, too, and not just bec. it was on the house!  Loved the thick-cut quality and the crisp, yet not overcooked bacon.  The burger patty was juicy and cooked to medium (but still pink in the center).  Perfect!  I'd order this again!  When it came time to pay up, I asked Sean what the damages were, expecting a ticket for the fries and glass of wine, but Sean smiled and said "Umm... guess it's on the house!"  Eyes bulging, lower jaw hitting the counter table, I was stunned!  "What?"  I couldn't see any reason why, and besides, how was I going to charge his tip if I didn't have a check??  I really had to dig into my purse pockets and wallet to find bills to tip him with (I rarely carry cash).  But Irish luck befell Sean (isn't Sean an Irish name?) when I spotted a business card holder on the bottom of my purse (women w/ big bags, y'know what I mean), filled w/ bills stored there many, many moons ago and were forgotten until that day.  I wished I had more to give that day, Sean!  Am glad to finally place this review here, bec. now I know where to take Mom for breakfast in a few days!  The Southwest Biscuits and Gravy, the Chambord French toast, and a maple bacon scone, plus good coffee and even $1 sipping chocolate (??) are calling OUR names!  :)p.s.  LOVED the atmosphere!  Really liked the dark woods and red paint.  (There's a wall in the main room where the paint has a glossy finish on top- love that look!)  The two levels really piqued my curiosity.  Wonder what the view looks like from up there?  Hmm... Maybe I'll just stick to the main dining room...
4	went for breakfast - and i am SO NOT a breakfast person - but the protien pancakes i had were the BESTest pancakes (and i pretty much ahte pancakes) i have ever had!  wow - Y U M !! granola and oatmeal and everything good for you.guys totally luved the taco /salsa /potaoe / bacon / egg breakfast pates - they were very yummy - all cooked and presented just right.i do have to say that drinks took about 45 mins or so to arrive at the table, but what everrrrrrr....our waiter was very nice and polite - wasn't his fault that the milk was sour in the choclate milk or the bloody mary had to be harvested from the vine 1st -  or the champange splt had to be shipped in from Cali ....  he was still cool :-)i would def. like to try again and ck out happy hour and wine list - why not?
4	This is a new destination in old town. The atmosphere is hip and ultra-modern, yet remains relaxed and comfortable. We tried this on a Saturday night around 9pm and were lucky to get one of the last booths available. Once seated our waitress was a real trooper - she kept all 5 of us in food and drinks for about two hours (and the place was slammed). They mostly offer small plates and a few select entrees. Food is above average quality, and affordable. Here's the rub: This is really more of a restaurant than a bar, more about eating/drinking with a group of friends than a date night or party scene. The good news is that when you finish dinner there are dozens of nightlife options in walking distance. Personally I think they should turn the upstairs patio into more of a bar. *I hear happy hour here is awesome.
4	Love the new bar smell!! Our waiter was very helpful. And OMG Chicken Lollipops rule!!! Think I will head down there now for a drink on the patio. Cool Spot!
2	Yikes. Came back to RnR this past weekend to give it another go, and it was close to disastrous. The hard part was that it wasnt the server, it was the food/drinks. Drinks: I had to send my glass of prosecco back twice because it was flat. Now, I know prosecco does not have as many bubbles as champagne, but this was completely flat. Finally, I get a third glass that wasnt flat...but upon taking my first sip...it tasted like chardonnay with bubbles. SIck. Prosecco is supposed to be light, and dry with a little hint of fruit to it. What was that? Food: We ordered a baked brie, spinach artichoke dip, and the truffle fries. The baked brie came out as being baked, and then falling cold. The spinach artichoke dip was more like soup, and the fries were lukewarm and soft. The server offered to have the baked brie put "back through the salamander", wherein I declined the offer. Really? Baked brie in a salamander? *Cringe*. Overall the food and drinks were near terrible. Again, the server was really nice, and it definately wasnt her fault. The manager came by, noticing we didnt eat much of the food, and after telling him how things turned out he comped our entire bill. While that was nice of him, hopefully he came to the realization that he needs to hand the chef a red bull or something.
4	A friend of mine had her nursing school graduation party here.....and she happens to be good friends with the sous chef.....so we go to try out almost the entire appetizer menu! We were seated out on the upstairs patio, which was nice to be away from the big crowds, but was really, really far away from the restrooms! As the West sun began to set, it got a little hot, but then they put down the shades and the problem was solved! The food just kept rolling out of the kitchen, my favorites were the crispy rock shrimp which had a kick to them, the mini pigs in blanket and the spinach artichoke dip. The pigs in the blanket were just your basic preparation, but how many places can you order these at a restaurant, and who doesn't dig pork and puff pastry? The spinach dip was creamy and delicious, but the chips could have been a bit better quality. We also sampled the cheese plate, all three kinds of sliders and the chicken lollipops. We were stuffed at this point, but then came the platters of mini cheesecakes and carrot cakes....mmmm. This is a cool new place in Old Town to hang out.....I will be back.
4	Had a great Father's Day early dinner/late lunch at RnR yesterday.Nice place, the small plates were all excellent.Chicken lollipops - really good.Mussels were very good.Seared ahi salad, very good.Animal fries - sinful.A bit spendy, but you get what you pay for.Friendly service.  Casey, Junior, Kip were great hosts.Good wine list, good drinks.We'll definitely go back.
2	RnR has potential, my real rating is 2.5   It's a lot like all the other trendy spots in Scottsdale,  neat atmosphere, the staff is full of themselves and they treat people we're lucky to be served by them... but beyond the idiot of a bartender we had, the place wasn't that bad.  I went there for Happy Hour with a friend on Friday and we sat at the bar.  The bartender had no idea what was on HH, although I had checked the menu online on my phone... and he told us the website was wrong.   We both ordered drinks (nothing special )and some appetizers.   I had their veggie tacos and sweet potato fries, they were both excellent.   The tacos are served with jicama instead of a tortilla, brilliant!  My friend had the Ahi tacos and some loaded chips... she thought the Ahi tacos were dry and flavorless.  Both of her items had meat, so I didn't try them.  We ordered another round of drinks about 6:50 before HH ended... he didn't get them to us until about 7:20.And so the bill comes.... He charged us for 10 drinks (2 of which he charged us full price and 4 that we didn't even order or receive).   So when we mention it to him, thinking he just put someone else's drinks on our tab, he says, "Nope, I didn't even charge you for all the drinks you had!"  What? Seriously, if you served two girls 5 drinks each in less than 2 hours... ONE you should be fired and TWO, we would have been passed out on the floor.   On top of it two of our apps were not priced at HH, but it was only a couple dollar difference, so I didn't feel like dealing with it.  I'll try it again and hope for better service, if not, neither the food nor drinks are that good to be treated like dirt!
3	Have been here a couple times for lunch with friends...The margaritas were good and both times I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich, which was excellent. However, the service is lacking a little bit here. If they can up that just a bit, the place should very well. The location and both patios are great. *Do note that the "small plates" are most definitely small and for the most part, not enough to satisfy your hunger. A friend ordered the ahi tacos and we couldn't help but laugh when they arrived at the table.
5	Chillin' @RnR! I love this place! They are very accommodating! Plus, how can u go wrong w/ 1/2 off wines?! Support this place people! K bye!P.s. Chicken lollipops & ahi tacos = muy bueno!
4	Great place for a variety of reasons. I like hitting RnR for a night starter or for brunch on the weekend. Follow them on facebook and they give you passwords for happy hour after the typical HH times. Great ambiance and vibe.
4	So....I caved and I've been back to RnR and this time around, it was a LOT better. The bartenders are nice, the service I've had has definitely exceeded my last experience....the only thing I haven't really tried is the menu. Even though I see RnR as more of a way to start the night with a few drinks vs a sit down dinner...guess I'll just have to give it a try!
3	I tried RnR again, not by choice, by default for a group event. We showed up for HH a little before 6.  We had a party of 8-10 and were told it would be a 15-20 minute wait.  So we grabbed a drink at the bar.  The host was a little scatter brained. When I checked our status about 25 minutes later, he said "oops, I thought I sat you"  He had crossed my name off the list.   Really? Was there another party of 10 in the restaraunt... No!  We noticed that he went missing for a while a two large both opened up, back to back.  The server was annoyed that they were sitting empty for so long, so she asked if wanted to sit there... at this point it was about 6:40, so we took her up on it.  She was great, I thought it was going to be a repeat of my last experience with terrible service, but she did make up for it.   I guess all I can say about RnR is if you're going there for HH, get there early and plan on waiting.   It's a neat place but if they don't take care of their service issues they will go under. This is scottsdale, there will be another trendy spot, and their legecy will die.
4	I sure am glad my roommate told me to check this place out. Kristen and I stopped by RnR the other day for a late lunch and happened to get there just in time for happy hour, my beer was less than her tea, awesome. I love the look of the place, the front door is huge and sweet, and while the inside is on the smaller side, it doesn't feel packed, and there is ample seating outside, I can't wait for the cooler weather so we can stop by more often and people watch.     We started with two appetizers, the pigs in a blanket, which are the old childhood favorite with a light and flaky pastry crust, they were delicious, and the chicken lollipops, super tender on the bone chicken with buffalo sauce, so stinking good. We then shared the pork sandwich, which had a sweet and tangy sauce that complimented the tender pork wonderfully, it was a terrific sandwich and came with a bucket of fries.     With crazy hours, good drink selections and a great happy hour, RnR is definitely worth checking out, I wish I had came here sooner.
4	RnR is a bar that's nearly open nearly 24-7 (7am to 2am). It seems like whenever you drive past the place there's always at least a small crowd.  The menu changes based on what time of day it is, with the exception of some appetizers.An amazing breakfast. I had the Amish french toast. It was thick, and served with strawberries and cream. I also had a cup of coffee that was better than anything I've had at any coffee shop! I will definitely stop back in for lunch and dinner sometime.
4	I really like RnR.  My wife and I have brunch here occasionally.  The food is delicious and I like the atmosphere.  It's classy, yet comfortable without being too trendy.  I haven't been after dark because I'm not a fan of the late night crowd.  But I can say that it's a safe place to enjoy during the day.  In fact, I have just talked myself into going there today.  See you there!
4	06/02/10Very good breakfast today!  Took Mom for her first visit here (my second).  It was around 11a, but so quiet-- only one other table w/ two guys.  Kind of sad, that.  Service was helpful, if not a little spotty at the end...  Took awhile to get our table check-- I had to stand up and look for him...We loved the coffee cups here!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z_JkVkaUcN4ITVeuG-4Qtw?select=7iNM1Pusno5Th6qUrj-e4w#7iNM1Pusno5Th6qUrj-e4w  They were just so whimsical, and y'know, it's the little details that can make a dining experience fun.  I already knew which items to try since I've been eyeing the menu online for quite sometime now.  I asked for the maple and bacon scone http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z_JkVkaUcN4ITVeuG-4Qtw?select=jNyDe13yh05tveWB4qQXLw#jNyDe13yh05tveWB4qQXLw, made in-house, as well as the biscuits and gravy http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z_JkVkaUcN4ITVeuG-4Qtw?select=gnHMYRKpHFb-a57YmIMOmg#gnHMYRKpHFb-a57YmIMOmg and some French toast.  (I initially wanted to get the Chambord French toast, but Mom isn't a fan of raspberry (I am!), so I conceded to her fondness for strawberries. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z_JkVkaUcN4ITVeuG-4Qtw?select=K92AT-3LsTyj61klFadkEw#K92AT-3LsTyj61klFadkEwThe scone was a runaway hit!!  I hope to return to RnR very soon (lest it closes for lack of business!) so that I may order a scone to eat at the resto, and a couple more to take to work!  I could've just had the scone and coffee for breakfast and be happy :), but we both do love our biscuits and gravy, and I wanted to compare these to Daily Dose's.  I thought they were tasty, but definitely a "7" to DD's "10" (10 being the highest, flavor-wise), but for the cost, you can't beat Daily Dose's value.  Mom took a few forkfuls, and declared them subpar.  We both didn't care much for the strawberry French toast.  The bread was too fluffy w/out any crunch factor, with only fresh-sliced berries and whipped cream.  Too simple for us.  Where was the rich sweetened cream?  A big disappointment.  I hope to try the Chambord version very soon!Perhaps I should rate this review w/ only 3 stars, but we really did like the novel dishes (I think the utensils even had the hammered look that I really like!).  The coffee tasted good, too!  And the scone!!  Oh my goodness... I don't care if they're laden w/ buttah- I need to have some more pronto!
4	We came here for a happy hour and I definitely left happy.I had sweet tea vodka and lemonade cocktails at $4 each.  A very nice price for the tall drink.We also tried the chicken wings and spinach dip.  Both tasty.  The wings were so good.  Lollipop style with the right amount of spice.The interior was open with high ceilings and an industrial feel.  The staff were all friendly.  I would like to go back and try some of their entrees.
4	One key element to happy hour is the drink specials. Cheap food is a ++ but drinks are, lets be honest, what it's all about. Don't give me this BS that only well drinks, domestic beer and two kind of wine are $1 off, what is that? Well you wont find any BS like that at RnR. What drinks are on special you ask.... Basically everything! INCLUDING but not limited to ANY bottle of wine they offer, reserve wine as well. Premium drinks and their specialty cocktails are not included in the half off drink specials, but who cares if you can get a bottle of wine for $18? Done and done! The Gruet Chardonnay is great! As for the food.... it a little different. First only a few small plates are offered for $5. We got the Dirty Chips (thin house made ships, way good, drenched in sour cream, hot sauce, bacon and tomatoes) and the Baked Brie (neither of which are on special). Both were alright. The chips got soggy in 5 minutes and the brie was a tiny sliver of brie for like $12. I later got the Ahi Tacos..... eh not much to say. The Ahi itself was good, but buyer beware... it doesn't come in a tortilla, its a jicama "tortilla"... a bit strange. I will try the sliders next time we are in. I have to give a special thanks to Sal, he was very nice, helped us find a spot on the patio to migrate to from inside once the sun went down, and gave us the low down on the specials, best nights to come in, whats going on with football season and the facebook hook ups we should take advantage of. We will be back to say whats up to Sal and get some half price wine for sure.Also, their breakfast menu looks awesome! Update on that to come for sure!
2	Came here for breakfast on a Sunday morning after a busy night out in Old Town. Waited twenty-thirty mins for a table. Once we got a table waited fifteen mins for our waiter. He screwed up our order but I was to hungover to care and could barely eat anyway! Very nice establishment and very trendy at the moment, but I won't be coming back. Customer service was just awful! Food was so-so and I heard it is worth it during happy hour.
3	Reading the other reviews we had a different experience and found the service to be very good.  We were given a lot of recommendations, details on non-advertised specials and an IPad to sign up to their facebook page to receive info on specials in the future.  The food was good although not great.  Some items like the loaded chips were very tasty (although hold the blue cheese if you don't love that ingredient) while others missed like the chicken lollipops.The drinks were good as the bloody mary's had the perfect spiciness level and the bacon condiment was a great touch.  The interior is very nice although I would say they have not made the full commitment to being a sports bar as they have a good number of tvs, but not quite the number you would want if you want to watch multiple at a time.Overall this is a really good option in the area.  They have some kinks to work out but even still is a good experience for dinner, drinks or a game.
2	Just last weekend I finally got around to munching and brunching at RnR. Usually I go here late night on the weekends when I'm in the bar hopping mood but this time I was hung-over, it was early on a Sat afternoon and I wasn't in the mood to wait for a table. I needed food ASAP. So, I was thrilled when I arrived at RnR and there was no wait. Score! That's hard to find on a Saturday but that also can be a warning sign for bad brunch. Well, that was far from the case...RnR's Breakfast and Coffee menu is extensive, they've thought of everything. You can BYOB (Build Your Own Breakfast Burrito) and BYOO (Build Your Own Omelet) - can't go wrong there! I decided on the Sundried Scramble... scrambled eggs, basil, sun-dried tomatoes and goat cheese. It was an A+ idea to combine those ingredients together. The potatoes accompanying the dish were pleasantly surprising. Most of the time I toss my brunch potatoes to the side because they are greasy but not this time. I devoured them as they seemed to be baked not fried, and coated in a savory seasoning. Since I love a good bottle of wine, I also enjoy RnR for their 1/2 off any bottle of wine special all day on Mon & Tues. Their wine list does a stellar job at mapping out the wine type, body and taste just so your can find what you're in the mood for. And their frozen margaritas... Where have those been all of my life!! Seriously sooooooo good. The mango chipotle one is interesting and flavorful. Oh, and they are pretty strong too!For an Old Town restaurant, this place has a friendly vibe. On the bottom floor they have indoor and outdoor seating, and the top floor is all outdoors. For those hot days, they also have misters that keep it decently cool.The reason why I have to give RnR -3 stars is because their service is just the absolute pits. It's such a shame because this place could be totally rockin it if the servers remembered to check-in with their tables at least ONCE during the meal. Every single darn time I've come here, my waiter has totally forgotten to bring me my drink and it takes FOR-EV-ER to get my check. This is especially irritating when it doesn't seem to be THAT crowded at all. Ill see my waiter just hanging out talking to their coworkers while I'm thinking, are you serious right now? I hate always having to give my waiter the stink eye or the SOS arm wave in order to get some attention. Seriously now.  So RnR, brush up on your customer service skills and I'll update my review. You bum me out because your yucky server customer service does not match your delicious food and awesome specials.
3	Came for a friend's birthday and really was not that impressed. First of all, it took us a while to find parking as this place only has street parking and a few spots in back. On Saturday if you are there before 7pm, all alcohol was 1/2 off and some appetizers were on special. We ate dinner there and the menu was very limited. The food was okay, but our burgers were over cooked. The service was slow and it took us a while to get our check. I'd go to hang out again and have a few drinks, but I wouldn't suggest making this your regular hang out.
4	Very cool place on the edge of Old Town Scottsdale.  We had a great breakfast here this morning while watching NFL football.  The atmosphere was open and airy with 2 outdoor patios!  If you check this place out on Google, there is a 20% off coupon that you can bring up on your smartphone - pretty cool!
4	My new favorite place for happy hour! Delicious food and drinks, great happy hour deals, 1/2 off wine(!), daily Facebook specials and great deals for those that work in the industry. I have yet to go for breakfast or lunch, or the bottomless bloody marys and mimosas on the weekends. That's next on my list. They also have great live music, especially the guitarist on Monday nights. Can't get enough!
4	Unfortunately I was a little sick when I visited here for the first time, so I didn't get a drink (definitely was loving their wine scale in the menu) and I only ate a little, but I am so excited to go back and stuff my face.  And get a little tipsy during happy hour...it sounds like a sweet deal!I love the patio.  Our waiter was great...super personable (apparently I'm not because I don't recall his name) and was really good at explaining the specials, happy hour and tempting us with dessert.Boyfriend was hungry (what's new) so we started with the chicken lollipops (basically boneless buffalo wings on sticks - i had one, as Boyfriend's weakness is wings, and they were normal wing tasting) and some parmesan fries.  it's safe to say I have a slight fry obsession...these were definitely tasty.  A lot of seasoned fries are just too much...these had a pretty perfect amount.I got the ahi tacos for my meal...decent, and a perfect small portion for me.  The tortillas are not tortilla tortillas as most arizonans would expect, but i thought the jicama was a refreshing twist and paired well with the cold ahi.  Boyfriend got the burger and he scarfed it down before I think I even asked how it was.  A huge plus for me - our server was very attentive, keeping our water glasses constantly full (which meant refilling like 17 times).  He offered dessert, and we said no...oh, wait...no...brownie a la mode, you say? umm...yes, we must. get. brownie.I noticed the brownie and ice cream is not on the regular menu on the website.  Not sure what that is about but it was amazing.  And we both take our desserts very seriously.  It wasn't super fudgy or cold like a lot of restaurant brownies are...it was warm, soft, crumbly and just totally scrumptious.  there definitely was a small fork fight for the last few bits of brownie and chunk of ice cream...Their breakfast menu and delicious sounding coffee sound even better than our dinner, so I think I'll have to get up and ride my bike down there in the morning sometime soon.  Good breakfast can sometimes be hard to find...a lot of their offerings sound both healthy and yummy.Overall, totally decent place to hang out on the patio and nosh on some small plates and drink, or enjoy the cooling weather (maybe...soon?) with a coffee.  Yay RnR!
4	I love that I can ride my bike to RnR. I also love that I have found a vegan item on the menu that I am perfectly content with. I ordered the apple and gorgonzola salad which is made with candied walnuts, apples, strawberries, gorgonzola cheese and prickly pear vinaigrette (I ordered sans the cheese). The dressing was amazing....I'd love to have some stocked in my refrigerator for daily consumption! We had great service at RnR and the atmosphere was awesome.There are other items that look vegan-friendly: veggie tacos, sweet potato fries, seasonal fruit bowl and the portobello mushroom sandwich (minus the aioli). I'll be back to try out more of their menu!
5	I always have a good time here. I normally come for happy hour but have also gone for brunch on Saturday and bottomless mimosas - awesome! I've had almost everything on their small plates menu and it's never failed.
3	What does RnR stand for? Rockin 'N Rollin? Restin 'N Relaxin? According to their website it's whatever you want it to be.Well in that case, this time it's going to stand for Renewin 'N Reviewin... because that's exactly what I'm doin! This past Sunday evening Matt and I gave RnR another go, and we experienced excellent service from our highly attentive server. Granted, the place was empty... so I'd still like to test it out again on a busier night. But overall, RnR deserves another star.I'd also like to take a moment to note that they have redesigned their menu, and the dishes are quite awesome. I went with the crispy rock shrimp tacos, and I highly recommend this dish. The shrimp are crunchy, well seasoned with a kick of spice and not greasy. All 3 of my tacos were overflowing with shrimp - just take a look at the attached picture.Their fries and tater tots are also pretty stellar. I don't even really like tater tots, but RnR makes theirs with sweet potatoes and crisps them to perfection. The parmesan fries are also noteworthy. Not over powered with seasoning and not too greasy either - just perfect. Football lovers take note - RnR has great specials on Sundays and they also have a huuuuuuge screen that will pass all of your football watching requirements.RnR is your middle of the road hangout spot, and after experiencing an improvement in service I can definitely say that I'll be back for more RnR in the near future.
4	I believe Old Town Scottsdale is already well-known for its wide selection of restaurants, so I imagine it's pretty tough to start a new one these days and set yourself apart.  In spite of that, RnR is doing a pretty good job of it so far.My wife and I and six other friends had dinner and drinks here last night (a Saturday night).  Despite the place being full (not packed, but full), I thought we received friendly, attentive service throughout the night.  With that alone, you've basically won me over.  But, as I said, we have lots of choices in Old Town, so the food needs to be pretty good, too.  And it was!My wife and I shared the ahi tacos to start.  They weren't your traditional ahi tacos - they were served on jicama tortillas - but that's okay.  The proportion was rather small, but they were delicious.  Moving on, I had the prime rib sandwich and my wife had the portobello mushroom sandwich.  Everything, including what I heard from our friends at the table, was excellent.  Actually, my sweet potato fries were soggy (not firm or crispy), but I'm going to write that off, because the flavor was still very good.  I'm sure if I had said anything to our waiter about it, he would've gladly done something.  I just didn't feel the need to.There are also TVs everywhere, and music playing overhead.  I liked that combination, because I could keep up with the game on TV, but my wife didn't have to hear the announcer the entire time either.  Nice one, RnR.
3	3 visits - one for drinks, one for food, one for something in between. Conclusion? Blink....blink....ummm....it's ok. 1. The drinks were not all that impressive but served their purpose, meaning I felt a little buzz, my head was boppin back n forth to the tunes, I was enjoying myself for the most part. Kinda fun atmosphere with loud, bustling energy abound. The salads actually looked quite delicious, but I wasn't there to eat. The intrigue was enough to return.2. I then had a surprise birthday party here for my boyfriend and the staff was very accommodating. They reserved the upstairs balcony for our group and served up the birthday cake we brought. They were very, very attentive to our table and came around often with drinks. The service was actually great compare to the experiences others have had here. Tried a couple of bites of someone's sweet potato fries that tasted oh-so delish, but later I came to find it was probably to booze and my fried food frenzy playing tricks on me.3. We returned for a late dinner the other night and I took a shot at the veggie fare. Veggie Tacos: Well the "shell" was thinly sliced jicama, which I can appreciate because I love funky fusion. But this was like $6 for 1 oz of food. Then reminiscing about the sweet potato fries, I ordered a side and was giddy with anticipation until I received a pile of lukewarm lumps. So very sad that a good sweet potato met such a bitter end.I'll probably end up back here someday and will probably eat sweet potato fries because of my sweet potato problem. But I won't be planning that venture myself.
3	Can't say I was super impressed with this place. I went here for drinks and apps for an alumni event and it seemed like a decent place, don't get me wrong, just nothing outstanding.
3	Meh, I don't know how I feel about this place. I REALLY wanted to love it, but I just didn't. I think I might have to go back and try it again, I have a feeling it would be a great Sunday brunch spot after a heavy hitting night of partying in Oldtown. I know they have mimosa specials, too, which won't hurt. I went here on a Sunday afternoon to do some trip planning with friends. I will just give you my pros and cons in a list because, well, I'm feeling lazy today and not very eloquent. Pros: Sweet potato fries were delish Pretty extensive wine list Drink specials for a few things early in the day or at happy hour Ahi tacos that were very yummy on jicama "tortilla" Pretty crowd Great building/venue Breakfast menu looked awesome Cons: Server was just kind of blah, not too friendly Food came out at different times Drinks that are not on special are pretty pricey Not as many selections for other meals besides breakfast, mostly sandwiches, etc; nothing stood out as spectacular. So, as you can tell, my experience wasn't bad enough to keep me away, but it also wasn't great. I think I will give it another go, mostly because their Chambord Pancakes sound AMAZING. So for now, let's consider this part 1 of 2. I'll be back....
3	Go for the patio, the bottomless mimosas and a nice day drinking experience. The food is pretty basic bar food and many of the dishes lack flavor and are in need of more salt, but RNR is a good spot for hanging out with friends and having some cocktails or watching a game. The service is a bit on the slower side but this is a spot I visit when I want to relax and hang out with friends so it doesn't matter as much.
4	Super yummy!   We had dinner and drinks with friends on the patio downstairs.All of the staff were STELLAR!  Super friendly and attentive.  The bleu burger was yummy...and the fries fantastic!Love the decor inside..the bathroom fixtures appear to need some attention.
3	I have some mixed feelings here but am still going to give this place a good rating, mainly because of their breakfast...The positives:-Really good and not that expensive breakfast-The building is designed and decorated in a cool fashion-The patio seating with the TV's is really nice.-Great central location-Lots of pretty girlsThe negatives:-Tons of douchebagery... almost overwhelming. By douchebagery I mean Ed Hardy wearing loud mouthed wannabe flashy type people who think they are too cool for school.-Service is pretty bad, mainly this blonde dude who I swear to god must have drank paint thinner as a child. I did have 1 out of 3 experiences there with reasonable service but the other 2 were pretty horrific as the servers just sort of hang out at the bar and don't come check in very often.If you want a bloody mary and some good breakfast, it's a good spot, but I am not a big fan of the happyhour/dining/bar side of it.
4	I went to RnR last week for brunch because one of my husband's good friends was in town visiting. It's one of the only places (that I know of) that you can get brunch and drinks during the week, which was exactly what we were looking for. I had the sundried scramble, it wasn't amazing but definitely good. I really liked the portion size, not minimal but not huge and overwhelming as it seems most places are these days. Next time I will definitely try something else as a lot of other menu items sounded really good to me. Our server was super nice and the place wasn't that crowded at all (so no negatives regarding the clientele from me). Husband loved his bloody mary made with the unique pepper infused vodka. I also really loved my cappuccino, so much that I had two. WAY better than Starbucks - and the coffee cups are so darling (I really wanted to steal one)!  We will definitely be going back for breakfast/brunch and to try out Happy Hour as well, the drink/food specials looked awesome!
3	Went to RnR to watch the Hawks lose to Ohio State yesterday... (boo to that). We were directed to a PERFECT patio seat right away and the server had no problem changing the flat screen to ABC so we could see our game. The seating is really comfty, great for enjoying a nice day, a few bevs and a football game.The food was totally mediocre in my opinion... we split the dirty chips and wow-zaas... they were over the top (but I guess that's the concept so kinda my fault here). They came out looking awesome - great presentation, but after a few bites I was spent. It's the kind of food that sticks with you all day and you think about them later in the day and get totally grossed out. I would NOT have these again, but Matt probably would. We split the RnR burger which was just OK too.I'd love to try this spot for breakfast, some of the dishes passing by us looked pretty delish. I'd also like to try their salads.All in all, I think this is the kind of place you go for the great patio on a beautiful, not necessarily the food.
3	If people watching was a sport... id be an all star. RnR is a great space to practice my peoplewatchin skills.  The patio is the only place to be.  Inside is just so so. On the patio you get a good mix of things to look at:* Old Town regulars (People walking around this joint are pretty much Arizona's version of Jersey Shore.)  * Then you get your out of town dudes who stopped here after 18 holes and are now trying to nail 18 hoes.  Stop dude, your Titleist hat does nothing for these bitches... you need your GTL and blowout hair. Duh.  *  Then theres the bullit biker bar across the street. Thank goodness you put straight pipes and ape hangers on your 86 Harley, otherwise i might not have noticed how freaking awesome you are!  Keep the ZZ Top thing going, it really works for you Grizzly Adams. The food is pretty tasty, the drinks arent bad.  They carry Effin vodka, many places dont, so thats a bonus.  First time i was here, someone at the bar asked if RnR was owned by the same people that own the Vig. Bartender said: no, but we get that question all the time.  Its similar in some ways, but wasnt sure why. Last time i was there, i figured it out!  The sink in the mens room is exactly the same as the one in Vig uptown... Its not yer average sink... orange, on a slant, very mod.  It stands out.   VIOLA!
4	Went here after an Ignite Phoenix event and had a fantastic time with friends on the balcony upstairs.  Ate some ridiculously tasty Animal Fries and had several drinks. Everyone in our party got their food very fast, and it was all quite good.  Not sure I'd care for the indoor restaurant area ambiance, but the patio and balcony were great and I'd definitely return!
4	I go back and forth between 3 and 4 stars for RnR in Scottsdale.  Over the summer, they had a phenominal bottomless mimosa special...$10 for unlimited mimosas from open until 2pm on Saturdays and Sundays.  But now that it's football season, and they aren't quite as new, they've upped the prices.  $15 bottomless mimosa special - here's the catch - with the purchase of an entree.  Now, I will say that they aren't ALWAYS super strict about that catch, and sometimes as long as one person at the table orders, they consider it good enough.  Their food is pretty good, although one of my friends complained that almost every dish came with bacon, which she found gross.  She even ordered a bloody mary that had a slice of crispy bacon stuck in it (ewww) As someone who loves bacon, tho, I don't mind.  The prices for the food are pretty steep in my opinion.My favorite is their absolutely AMAZING baked mac N cheese dish (with spicy pepperjack cheese and bread crumbs on top) for only $5 (portion is small).  Anyone who has read some of my other reviews knows that a good mac N cheese dish qualifies a whole extra star all on its own.Another quick tip - if you 'friend' RnR on facebook, you will recieve daily 'code phrases' that will provide excellent discounts for the alloted timefram (usually 1/2 off wine or martinis, or hh specials all night long) if whispered to your server.Overall, good food, decent service, kinda spendy, but fun.  Oh, and their upstairs patio is awesome.
3	I'm sticking with my three stars but I am starting to have more of a soft spot in my heart for RNR.Why? Because their food is consistent. It's not great but it's consistent and it's a nice option for an weekend breakfast or lunch that doesn't normally have a wait. The patios are fun to sit on and have some mimosas and I've like the egg white turkey scramble which is good but feels like a healthy option as well.
2	i think my server was on something(and didn't share with us). the animal fries were pretty decent and we really enjoyed the grilled cheese. overall i would recommend the restaurant, and the ambiance is really precious.
5	Great spot for a quick bite, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Very friendly staff, and the food is always consistent.
1	worst dining experience ever. bar none. the entire restaurant was overstaffed and business was slow, but nobody seemed available to help our table. our server was dreadfully slow and inept. and the manager was beyond rude.a table of 5, myself, my girlfriend and her friends came in for some happy hour drinks and food on New Years Day.He got our original drink order wrong to begin with, it took forever to get a second drink, which i watched sit at the bar for 5 minutes before he tasted it and brought it over. that's right, TASTED IT!our food was not plated correctly either, but the tasty tots made up for that.the girls order a pitcher of a cocktail that took almost a solid 15 minutes to get, because all the carafes seemed to be broken at that moment. 4 people splitting a carafe could have easily been split up by the bartender into four glasses and served that way instead of waiting for a pitcher to be found and utilized by the server.our bill came and i had a question about why my cocktails were not half off per the happy hour special. i flagged down another server (ours was absent again) and asked him what the happy hour special was again to make sure i had heard that calls were half off correctly. he said they were and took my bill to see what was up with the pricing mistake. another long wait later a manger arrives shoving the bill in my face declaring that i have a problem.I hadn't asked for a manager, anything free or even discounted, only questioned the special and the price on the bill. I told him that i thought my drinks would be half off per the happy hour special. he said that they were not covered under the special. I had 2 makers marks and ginger ales. i told him that our server failed to mention that makers was not a "call."  that is when the manager replied VERY snidely "well,you should have asked"this unprofessional response solicited a whisper into my girlfriends ear by her friend on the inside of the booth. the manager noticed this midway in our conversation and preceded to lean over the table and declare "I will address the whole table, mam do you have something to say"His barely veiled professional guise melted away even more after that, blatantly insulting the whole table and me professionally.i told him what i did for a living and that this had been  the worst dining experience i had ever had the privilege to pay for. he decided that the bars i work at were not up to his par and insulted the entire Tempe bar community. I would expect this kind of service from some places not in Scottsdale, that is exactly why i go to Scottsdale to dine.needless to say he had officially managed to insult the entire table and cause an unnecessary scene, when all i asked was a question about why my drinks were not covered under the happy hour. where a polite apology for the misunderstanding would have sufficed, a debacle of the worst service ever ensued.the only redeeming feature of this entire experience was the tater tots. not good enough Kathleen.I only registered to yelp to write this one review, sorry for the incorrect formatting, but just thinking about this dining experience puts me in a terrible mood.
4	Another great new location from the Corieri's, creators of Axis/Radius, Suede Lounge, Myst, Sandbar and, for those who remember, Jetz and Stixx.RnR is located in a brand new building on the South edge of Oldtown Scottsdale and right across the street from the former Billet Bar (I don't know its new name). The atmosphere is your typical Scottsdale eatery/sports bar. Big flatscreen TV's, large bar and lots of attractive people in designer jeans. There's both indoor and outdoor seating and its definitely a place to start the night before heading out for the Scottsdale club scene.The service was quick and very good. I had the sirloin steak sandwich with sweet potato fries while others in my party tried various burgers and salads. My sandwich was excellent and others enjoyed their food as well. The fries are served in a small bucket and reminded me of the ones at Delux Burger.The only reason RnR loses a star is that once the football game ended, the music was turned up so loud that it was practically impossible to hear the people at my own table. I can see turning up the music later in the evening, but we were there on Sunday night and the NFL playoff game ended at about 6:00 which still strikes me as the dinner hour and it was disconcerting to have the music get so loud so early.
1	I don't even know where to begin. Sat down, the table was full of other ppls drinks... our server told us weird things we didn't need to know.. the food came out wrong... and took forever...they didnt have things on the menu... marg machine wasnt working... was given the wrong bill... not a great experience. I hear if you come before 2pm it's better and they have happy hour mimosas
2	So I am writing this review after trying the restaurant out 3 times now. 1st Experience: I was with a Bachelorette Party on St. Patrick's Day 2010 and we stopped into RnR. The bartender was friendly & we had great service. Overall a good experience in the 30-45 minutes we were there for a drink & a shot at the bar. 2nd Experience: A friend and I decided to try out there bottomless Mimosa's for $10 one Sunday morning. I recall the Animal fries being tasty & the mimosa's were alright. Nothing special, but worth the money as long as you had 2 or more. The service was so-so. Overall a fairly good experience.3rd & Final Experience: I can honestly say that today we had the worst service I have ever experienced in a restaurant in my 27.5 years on this third rock from the sun. To begin, we sat at our table on the patio for 30 minutes before I finally called the hostess over to see if we even had a server for our table. She informed us that there was & she went to find the server. After 5 or 10 minutes she comes back and informed us that they are "swamped" and that she will be taking our drink order for the server. Mind you this was lunch on a Thursday afternoon. This place wasn't anywhere near "swamped". She brings us our waters and informs us a few minutes later that she will also be taking our food order & that she will pass it on to our server whom we still have not seen at this point. As she starts to take our order our server finally shows up at the table. He apologizes and takes our order. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time & the order was correct. Nobody brought us silverware, so I had to request it. Then I realized there was no salt or pepper on our table so instead of letting my food get cold while I waited for our server to reappear, I asked the table next to us if we could borrow theirs. Our water glasses were left empty for 15-20 minutes. And it took forever for our server to bring us our check after we requested it and then it took him equally as long to pick up the check with our payment inside it. I was in absolute shock that nobody offered us a complimentary beverage, appetizer, or dessert for the horrible serve we received which they were completely aware of considering how they kept apologizing. We paid our full $27 bill & left... Our lunch didn't just cost us money, it cost us almost 3 hours of our afternoon. I will not be returning to this establishment.
4	Great place for Happy Hour but is great anytime!  I have made several stops here for happy hour and I have not been disappointed.  Half-off pitchers of sangria is a must!  The Veggie Tacos and Warm Spinach Artichoke are my favorites.  The Sweet Potato fries are an excellent choice too!  I would definitely recommend this place for breakfast too!  You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.  My favorite is the RnR BYOB Breakfast Burrito and Endless Bloody Marys.  I recommend this place for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  This is a fantastic place to start your night off in Scottsdale!
3	RnR gets a solid 3 stars in my book, and although there's not much to complain about here....there's not a whole lot to rave about either.  The place is done very nicely with lots of raw iron, and you can tell the Corieri's sunk some serious $$$ in the buildout (yes, same folks that own Axis-Radius, Suede, and Sandbar).Thumbs UP:-Nice selection of beers on tap-Above average bar fare--ahi tacos are delicious and have not once induced vomiting-Spacious patioThumbs DOWN:-Sunsets + western exposure = untolerably hot patio much of the year--which is true with most patios in AZ.  BUT, if the patio isn't open the main bar becomes very crowded and tough to move around in-It has TV's...but not really the quantity, size, or placement to make it a top pick for sporting events-Service is inconsistent as I've had excellent and subpar experiencesI think the situation with RnR is that is struggles with an identity of what it truly is, be it bar, restaurant, sports bar, etc.  Because of this it's hard to get a feel for the place.  I would list it as a top spot for HH when you're looking for good eats, but wouldn't have it on my list solely for a meal or just a cocktail.  Jack of all trades and master of none?
4	I stopped in with a group of friends for Happy Hour after a baseball game at Giants spring training stadium.  We were seated promptly and told about the happy hour specials.  Our server even told us about the frozen margarita's having more alcohol than the ones on the rocks so we went with those :).  For food we just snacked on the Chicken lollipops which were great good flavor and a nice spice to the sauce.  Also we got the ahi tuna tacos which I thought were awesome.  They had great flavor and you got 5 per plate.  They were cold and the jimica taco shell was a nice crunch and change from the usual taco.  Overall with happy hour prices we left very happy and enjoyed our food and didn't get a major hit in the wallet.
2	This place looks really cute and inviting but once you walk in the door that all changes. The hostess is less than friendly and simply a little slow in the brain department. We were there on a Sunday morning but it wasn't too busy at all, there were plenty of open tables around us. The staff is clearly less than happy to be there and could care less about serving you or checking up on you at all. Very disappointing because the place has great potential.Took 22 minutes to get my coffee and 45 minutes to get our order for 3 people. 45 minutes for pancakes? Come on! Minus one star.Most of the dishes lacked sides. I ordered a side of bacon for $4, it was burnt and cold. Minus one star. Food was mediocre, not bad, not exceptional. But the pancakes did get a sudden lardy flavor after they cooled a little, two of us noticed this. Minus one star.One star for great atmosphere and ambience. One star for the manager attempting to win back our patronage.However, no one in my party will be back to this place.In fact, we rushed to request our check, pay cash and just get out of there. Perhaps the bar atmosphere is different at night - when no one expects service.
3	checked out this place for happy hour so technically i felt it wouldn't be right to give any more than three stars based on my visit which did not include me testing any main dishes( if/when i do , i will then adjust accordingly. ) alrighty then on to the review shall we? i admit i really do dig the architecture of this place, and our waitress was awesome. seems like this place is a place for singles to go for happy hour. our waitress even made a joke about her area was the couples corner, and it really was, us and two other couples. So with that said if your single, this might be a good place to go with a couple friends for some drinks. there is indoor/outdoor seating and tv's outside as well. there is also a second floor as well with outside seating too. Food: Dirty nachos were bomb!!! so effin good, highly recommend getting your hands on some of those delicious bastards. also had an order of lollipops(chicken cut and prepared so it sits on top of the bone like a lollipop) they had really creative names for everything, all of their apps looked appetizing to be honest. and a +,everything came out super quick.Drinks: pricey yes. $13 for a martini. i thought o.k jess this can go either way, can be the best damn martini , or you will get suckered and pay for something that you could get for $3 at Applebees. in the end i was in the middle of these two outcomes. Martinis were pretty good, the Overcast is worth trying, again they have really creative names for everything which i love. overall good experience, worth giving them a try and see whatcha think!
3	Went in for happy hour. Nice server. Food was a bit slow coming out. Tried the chicken lolipops, sliders and animal fries. Everything was very average & typical for bar food. Probably wouldn't be my top happy hour recommendation for food, but it's a nice place to sit outside with big TVs.
4	In my opinion, Sunday Funday should always start off with a bottomless mimosa brunch, and RnR is just the spot to do that. For $10, you can get all the mimosas or Bloody Marys your heart desires and your liver can handle from 10am-2pm. Our party of five must have averaged 7 per person. Key word is "averaged." There were two in our group (who shall remain nameless) who probably pounded at least a dozen.The food was really good! I'm not really sure what the whining is all about from a lot of the other reviewers. I loved my pork hash and maple bacon scone (genius), and my friend's grilled chicken sandwich with pesto, brie and sun dried tomatoes and side of sweet potato tater tots (even more genius) were delish! Obviously, service was amazing, as our group was never left with an empty champagne glass for long. We had fun being rowdy out on the patio, which is an ideal spot on a nice sunny day. Happy hour specials (daily 3p-7p and reverse happy hour W-Th 10pm-2am) are awesome. Make sure you follow them on FB as well, as they're always announcing other specials.
4	Great food and happy hour! A little pricey but it is worth what you pay! I had their Jalapeno mac n cheese appetizer one night and it was delicious! I plan on having my birthday party dinner here!
1	Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me 6 other times because I tried to give your restaurant the benefit of the doubt, and I will not return. Despite one experience with good service, there have been six other times when I have had  incredibly awful service. That's not a good ratio and at this point, I just can't justify coming back nor would I recommend RnR at all.My most recent experience sealed the one star review. First, there was no one to greet us at the door and seat us. We sat ourselves. Then, we sat at a table for about 10 minutes. No waiter to be seen. No one even came around to serve the other tables around us with patrons. Ah ha! Next, we spot a waiter. After inquiring with this individual as to where our waiter was/if they were closing or something (trying to give them benefit of the doubt) the waiter looked at us begrudgingly, gave us a half eye roll and said, "I guess I can serve you."Well, after that remark I just wanted to get up and walk out. But I stayed (a decision that I now regret) only to experience more poor service. We needed more drinks, our waiter was nowhere to be found. Then we noticed all the waiters hanging out near the order input computers. The restaurant wasn't crowded, and I know my order wasn't being taken or put into the computer... instead it looked like social hour. Unprofessional. This is not the first time that I have experienced inattentive and no-where-to-be-seen service at RnR, and I guess I should have known better. I don't even think my request to be seated so that I could have a waiter take my order was THAT outlandish.I work very hard for my money to be able to enjoy some "RnR" on the weekends. So, with lots of other places (like AZ88, Old Town Tavern, Mabel's on Main, Firehouse, Pattie's, The Lodge, Geshia-A-Go-Go, and the list could go on) where I can count on being served... by an actual live body nonetheless... who doesn't even make me feel like they hate me just because I walked through the door... there's no reason to come here.It was especially awful to be treated so poorly when I'm a Giants fan, and my team's flag is hanging out front of the establishment!! I'm going to pass on anymore of this place's "RnR," as I'm pretty sure it actually stands for "Really Rude" service.
5	Stopped by RnR for some breakfast before the Giants game, and was more than happy with my meal. Had the bottomless mimosas for 15 bucks...as well as the breakfast sandwich on their buttermilk biscuits. If you're in old town Scottsdale on a weekend morning...this place was great.
5	Stopped by on a Friday after a Giants spring training game. Happy hour with 1/2 priced drinks from 3-7PM...woot! Also, 1/2 price appetizers. Amy took care of our group and was fantastic. I would ask for her if you want a fun night. Sit upstairs to avoid the crowd. Can't wait to return!
4	Allot to like here but with some reservations...Have gone twice once for lunch which was enjoyable and once when it was very busy, loud and disorganized.  Try the chicken lollipops(very small), good mac n cheese, pork sliders...tater tots good, fries not so much. Steak sandwich was good but a bit skimpy on the meat.  The few missteps: no one seems to be in charge, disorganized staff, no matter how many times we mentioned the soda was off they kept bringing more without addressing the problem!? Service really needs to be better to make this a go to spot..
4	Came here after a Giants game on a Monday night like 10 PMish, and it was alive and well. Had no trouble getting a table a quick service. There was a group of guys partying it up big time at one table, so it was a pretty lively atmosphere. Real mix of folks, some older who had just gone to the game and some of the college age including a few not old enough to drink. Good beer selection decided not to do a margarita though they boast a good recipe. Had a Southwest Burger with sweet potato fries, that's a $14 burger. Pretty hardy meal and the fries were pretty tasty. Burger probably a little overpriced but was a good choice. Waitress was on the ball, would definitely make a return trip.
3	Needed to kill some time before catching our flight home and decided to check out Old Town Scottsdale. After walking around the tourist trap shops we decided to stop at RnR for lunch. It was pretty busy for a Thursday afternoon, but then again it was St. Pats day, and spring training was nearby.Inside and outside the restaurant there were plenty of TVs going with the latest March Madness games. It did take a little longer than expected to be helped once we were seated, but after that everything else was fine, the staff was very friendly and welcoming.I had the seared ahi tacos. The portions were a little small (although I guess it was under the small platter section), but they were still very tasty.If yelp offered it, I would give RnR 3.5 stars. It's not somewhere I would go out of my way to visit, but I would suggest it to a friend, and if the opportunity presented itself, I would go again.
4	Went here last week for dinner and was pleasantly surprised.  We walked in and the hostess was very friendly and informed us that there was about 10 minutes left on happy hour and that they had some great drink specials.  We went to the bar while waiting for a table, and were immediately served, even though it was busy, as it was Friday around 7pm.  We ordered 2 margaritas, which came out to $7 on happy hour.  Great start!We then were seated shortly after.  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger with blue cheese, and it was very good.  The fries were great as well.  Not a gourmet burger, but very large and tasty.  Better than your average sports bar burger.  Service was very good as well.  We always had a full glass even when it was packed.  They even changed the game to UofA for the pac-10 championship when requested.
1	Service was slow and horrible. Got the steak and eggs.  Steak was half fat. Waiters response was "Oh!  We have a new supplier". He didnt take it back and charged us any way. Eggs were cold. Stay away from this place for eating. Bar looked happening.
4	It's a little hard to review a place when you don't actually see the bill. That being said, I enjoyed it here. We sat up at the bar and ordered drinks. They only have a small selection of beers on draft but that's not a huge deal to me. They had the ones that matter: dos equis and blue moon. I ordered the blackened salmon. It was incredibly flavorful but I was a little surprised at how small the plate was when I received it. It tasted really good though, and thats all that really matters. The hostess at the door was very sweet and helpful, as my date ran a little late and I was sitting there waiting for a bit. I would really like to go back here on a Sunday after and enjoy the $10 unlimited mimosas or bloody marys deal. All and all the place is clean, classy, and very open and the service was good so I'd definitely be back.
4	This place is fun.  It's always packed when I go. The chicken lollipops are awesome and so is the grilled cheese sandwich. The articoke dip is NASTY though.  Tastes like canned soup. Bleh!  I met a girlfriend up there for happy hour and you can't beat the prices, especially for Scottsdale. The staff is always super friendly and goes out of their way to make you feel like you are an important customer even with a full house.  I love sitting on the upstairs patio during this time of year. The only thing I hate is the hassle of finding a decent parking spot.
3	WARNING! If you order a bloody mary they will stick bacon in it! For all my meat eating company, this was wonderful, but for me I was a bit annoyed, I just wish I had known...now that I do know I will nicely ask for the vegetarian bloody mary next time. As far as the food goes, my whole group found it pretty average, but with the second floor patio seating the premo people watching atmosphere will have us coming back.
4	Really good scene and good food. Went here for a drink and dinner on a recent Friday night and had a great time. The scene is really good, lots of good looking people in their mid 20s - mid 30s. It's definitely a loud place for dinner because there's a DJ and a lot of people hanging around at the bar. I ordered the baked brie and the grilled cheese and both were amazing! (Yes, I clearly have a cheese problem.) Our server was a little clueless but really friendly and nice. The menu has something for everyone which is nice - salads, sandwiches, sliders, tacos, etc. This is definitely a good place to go with a small group before heading out for the night.
4	I have been here three times now.  Each time I brought a different guest. I have become a huge fan of their Green Chili Burger (I cant remember the correct name).  Sweet potato tater tots and the sweet potato french fries are great.  The chicken sandwiches rock, as well.  I like the venue. And, I have always liked the service.  I keep coming back here because everyone has enjoyed it, found something on the menu they like, and I often crave that burger.  Give RnR a shot!!
3	We came here to watch the sports game. There are plenty of TVs and a projector screen, which is great! Unfortunately, the projector wasn't showing the game very well, as too much light was coming in.Yay for happy hour drink and appetizer specials everyday! The food was pretty good, especially for the price. I'd recommend coming here to watch a game or happy hour. You'll have a good time!
1	Food was okay. Service was terrible. Typical scottsdale. Expected a little more. The cost was good.
5	This place has the most amazing rock shrimp tacos - and on Sunday and Monday you can get half off bottles of wine. One of the best outdoor patios ever because it sits on Scottsdale road and you can people watch all afternoon sipping wine!
4	Had bottomless mimosas and sun dried tomato scramble. Amazing! It was basically all my favorite things on a plate. Staff was fantastic, Liz and Casey are great bar tenders and quick with service.
3	Subpar service which resulted in an ordered item that was never delivered. Breakfast food was good, with the potential to be great. The breakfast sandwich was a bit on the greasy side and breakfast potatoes served just barely warm. Would give them another shot for happy hour and what looked to be an inventive evening menu.
3	Cute, but not too impressed. The only reason I'd really go back is for those Sweet Potato tots. Delicious! Reasons to go: the sweet tots, decent food, and a very beautiful restaurant, contemporary and great view of Scottsdale rd. Reasons not to go: kind of pricey for the portion size, unorganized wait staff, and no hostess at the hostess stand....ever. Throughout our lunch I kept looking at the hostess stand and no one was ever there except to wave us goodbye as we were leaving. About the unorganized wait staff, our waitress asked another waitress to bring our the last plate to our table and we watched her do a lap around the restaurant before she realized it was for our table. The service was alright, but it should have been exceptional considering it was after the lunch rush. I got the grilled chicken sandwich. It was tasty, but I'd rather go to Olive & Ivy for a WAY bigger portion with the same great taste, save a few bucks, and free bread/pesto.  The drink menu looked fun, but on my lunch hour wouldn't have been the best time for it.
5	I frequent RnR quite a bit for happy hour.  I've been here tons of times since I moved to AZ.  Definetly one of the best happy hours in old town.  Happy hour from 4-7 LOVE IT (I get mad when places are 3-6- who gets off work that early??).  And pretty every drink is on special during happy hour.  Really cheap wine, beer, and liquor.  Ya their food isn't orgasm AMAZING but it's pretty good.  I've havn't disliked anything I've tried there.  I love the atmosphere and outdoor patio on both levels.I've been for breakfast too and the bottomless mimosas are wonderful.  They keep em coming.  The food is good breakfast food.  I take family/friends from out of town here for happy hours.I love this place I don't get what the hate is about!
2	Meeh. For some reason this place always looks full... It's ok.Typical, trendy Scottsdale bar... just like the typical Snotsdale guys with designer jeans, Affliction shirts, pointy leather shoes and large belt buckles.This is a place you can go, look cute and have skee-zoids buy you free drinks all night- but that is all. Can't dance crazy, get freaky on the bar top... or even LAUGH. The people here ARE pretentious and they would JUDGE you if you tried ANY of the above.We had a few drinks here, got bored, and went somewhere else..
4	I really wish I would have found this place earlier. I have to say it's my new favorite bar. Our first visit was on a Thursday early morning, the place was pretty quiet. We sat at a table on the patio. It seemed really laid back and casual, the service wasn't too quick. The food was good, but my boyfriends orange juice was rancid. They are supposed to have fresh orange juice so I don't know if it was from a different day or what, but it was pretty gross. I felt bad that my boyfriend actually took a drink from it. And at the same time was super relieved I went with coffee that morning or I would never have gone back. Needless to say we weren't too impressed with the place but thought we'd give it a second chance. The next time we went, we sat at the bar and had a great time. The bartender gave great service and made great food recommendations. We got the bbq pork sliders, which are amazing and their sweet potato tots. We tried it out again for breakfast and I even dared to order the bottomless mimosa (after the OJ nightmare the first time) and they were good. Although, from a bartenders perspective, I recommend to drink at least 5 to get your moneys worth. All the food we've ordered has been pretty good, because of the plates it seems like small portions but they are actually decent sized. Now every time we've been there has been the same. Great atmosphere, love both the patios, good service, and good food.
4	I came here a lot during football season, and this place is a madhouse on Sundays! Great brunch and really good bloody marys! Service was very delayed but I figured it was just because of how packed the place was at the time!  Unfortunately I went back on a normal day when it wasn't slammed and the service was the same way... The servers are all pretty friendly... when they finally get around to taking care of you...Other than slow service, I can't complain much. The food is tastefully prepared, the margaritas are AWESOME (and potent), and if you swing through here during happy hour or reverse happy hour, you can have some food and drinks on a pretty cheap budget!
2	Architecturally interesting, that is the best bit about this place. Went for brunch on mothers day with a friend after trying to go to another crowded place up the street. I had bacon and eggs with a pancake side, she had the veggie burger. We were both quite full after the meal but there was nothing terrible remarkable for either of us, my food tasted as if it sat in the window for a while, the eggs were lukewarm, and the potatoes were almost cold to the touch, as was the toast. The staff seemed friendly, and were reasonably attentive.
3	Great food, and good service... I was scared away from drinking there when a group of people were arguing with their server about their bill... Still like cocktail mixing fees and misc drink fees...
5	We attended a private event here on the upstairs patio, which they had rented out. My review pertains to this experience, which included drinks and appetizers. I can not comment on actual meals, or wait service. The patio itself was cute ,with its own bar upstairs, and the ambiance was lovely at the sunset hour. Everything here is TRENDY and we liked the lollipop chicken, bacon/Ruben melts, and artichoke dip. The drinks were great and I liked my margaritas a lot. The bartender was friendly and made drinks quickly. I think this woukld be a great area t consider renting out for a rehearsal dinner or work event.
4	Can i just say that this place would have gotten 5 stars but the staff was lacking...our waiter was amazing and he suggested.a loaded.blue moon...it was delicious...its a half shot.of absolut mandarin and half a shot of peach schnapps...with an orange slice of.course...it was amazing that might be my new drink...he was nice but he was the only one...the hostesses.were not.friendly and the bartender was cold too...but the food was awesome omg!!! We got the animal.fries.holy crap talk about heaven...its pulled pork on sweet potato and regular fries with melted.white.cheddar and bbq sauce and ranch on the side...can you say delicious?? Then we had spinach dip which was great too...the atmosphere is cool...i like how open it.is...i will frequent this place but i hope the staff is more like our.original waitor...he was awesome...it was delicious...i want.to try their sliders and veggie tacos they looked.amazing...
4	So I had some reservations about this place according to the reviews. Since they were all over the place had to see for myself. We went on a wednesday morning about 10:30, greeted and served promptly, ok great start. Between 4 of us we ordered and all tried the Chambord Fr. Toast, mmmm like angel cake, Vanilla Pancakes, just ok, 3 taco plate, good, but you must get the buscuits n gravy and add 2 over easy eggs on top!! Our boy server was pleasant, didn't catch his name. We'll be back!
5	so we had an online coupon for breakfast here, and since just coming home from a trip, we had no food in fridge and came to RnR. at 9am, very quiet, which was nice. our server was super pleasant and timely and we had no issues with service. the food was very good. i had the protein pancakes which were light, crunchy, and sweet without the syrup. the apple butter was a nice, sweet touch. my girl had the sundried tomatoe and goat cheese scramble. her portion was too big for her, so i finished it and it was very even and tasty. her homefries were a mix of soft and crunchy which is always a plus. great meal for us and great service.
1	Service was poor and food came out at all different times. I had flown in some clients and their wives. We went out to one of Evening Entertainment Group's clubs in Old Town and to RnR the next morning. One of the meals didn't even come out until after everyone else had finished. It was breakfast time, nothing special that should have caused such a horrible delay. No manager ever asked how our visit was or if there was anything that could be done. Typical management at EEG I guess; no concern for their customers."WARNING: DUE TO REPEATED, SEVERE, AND/OR NUMEROUS VIOLATIONS NOTED ON THIS INSPECTION LEGAL ACTION IS BEING INITIATED. FAILURE TO PERMANENTLY CORRECT VIOLATIONS NOTED ON THIS INSPECTION MAY RESULT IN PROBATION AND/OR CLOSURE OF YOUR ESTABLISHMENT" - Maricopa County Health Dept.http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=inspectionResultsDrillDown&in_insp_id=1547736&cat=02&type=01
1	Pretty all-around terrible experience at RnR last week, between the food, the drinks, the service, and the cleanliness.  I had heard about the place for a while so I suggested it to my group of 4.  We decided to pay a visit during the early evening.  It's a very nice space with Scottsdale-attractive staff...and that's about where the positive part of this review ends. Upon arrival we ordered four cocktails from their "signature" cocktail list, then watched as muscles the bartender read a cheat sheet on exactly how to make them. While the bartender was clearly struggling with the "signature" cocktails, we ordered several shared appetizers--which came out long before the cocktails ever arrived.  The food was cold and some items were not cooked all the way through--maybe a product of them being rushed to our table for some reason.  "Baked" brie was cold and unmelted, and the much-hyped animal fries looking like they'd been under a heat lamp for hours (but still cold)...the only decent thing was the shrimp tacos, but it's pretty hard to screw up a fried shrimp taco. Then the cocktails arrived, and perhaps predictably, they all came out looking and tasting awful; just the wrong balance of flavors and not mixed correctly.  The ice had melted because of the time spent trying to mix them.  And two of them kinda tasted like rubbing alcohol. Or gasoline.  Our server had disappeared from the beginning, leaving us with runners who would only say "I'll get your server" whenever we had even the simplest of requests--like: "can we get some side plates?" "I'll get your server."  Finally, fifteen minutes after the food arrived, the server came by and provided us with side plates for the shared appetizers.  Not that we needed them at that point, but the side plates were still very wet from being washed and several had food residue on them. Disgusting. After the four terrible $13 cocktails, cold appetizers, poor service, and dirty plates, we decided to pack in our planned dinner and head down the street to a place that knew how to mix a drink and cook.  Of course, it took forever to get our check because the server pulled another disappearing act for about 20 minutes, and when the check came, we were shocked at how much all this awfulness cost: almost $90 to be fed cold food and bad drinks while being ignored.  Sorry RnR, but we're never coming back and we've told many people to do the same.
4	I have been to RnR a couple times. Once during the NBA finals/happy hour. It was easy to get a good seat in front of a tv, the waiter was super friendly and the drink specials and food were pretty good. Nothing to really write home about.Then I went to RnR for brunch and the waffles with apple butter has put this place on my Fav Breakfast Places list. Not only did it taste amazing but the portion size was perfect and it looked damn pretty. If only the mimosa price there was pretty, doesn't everybody have cheap mimosas?
4	I never have the time of my life here, but it is consistently average and sometimes that's just fine. I continue to come back, so they're doing something right! Great alcohol selections for happy hour, but food choices on the discounted menu are on the greasy side and leave something to be desired. Think of this place more as a cool bar that has food, than a restaurant with a cool bar. Definitely a safe choice if you're looking to grab a bite before a night out. Veggie burger, chicken lollipops, and sweet potato tots are recommended.
3	I have been here a TON of times. And its for sure NOT the service that gets me to come back. If you sit at the bar, as with most places you will get better service. At a table, it ranges from crappy service to you wondering if your server was cut and took off for the night...However- their food is SO good.. Amazing salads, and fat kid food like the animal fries. They have a KILLER industry discount on Sundays and Mondays.If its not 150 degrees outside I would sit outside on the patio. Good people watching.
4	I have been here several times with friends, usually for happy hour, and I have been satisfied each time.  The drinks are good and the food is really good- I recommend the sweet potato tots, awesome.  My last trip was for brunch to try their $15 bottomless mimosas as advertised on their little a-frame.  When we ordered we are informed that in order to get the bottomless drinks, we would have to order breakfast- perf!  We were there for the food too.  So, besides having to order food, there is no catch.  The only problem, you can't get any refills after 2pm.  My recommendation, go early and hungry then enjoy the constant flow of oj and champagne.
3	I used to go to this place all the time but the music there on the weekends now is a little much and enough to send me to one of the other many breakfast spots in Old Town. I would go there more if it weren't for the live dj and music blasting... the past few times I've been there it's been so loud my friends and I have to yell to hear each other. But this doesn't keep everyone away, there is usually a wait on the weekends. They have bottomless mimosas and bloody marys, and an big breakfast menu. The waffles and Vanilla bean pancakes are delicious and served with fruit and apple butter.
3	I went to RnR with friends. The food was decent, service was average. If you want to get drunk here you will probably get better service since the bar is always busy. Otherwise, I would say this is a good place to go and get breakfast, lunch, and dinner as long as you don't mind the drunk type around you screaming every few minutes.
5	I don't understand why this place has 3 stars. It was like a club at 11am. So if youre looking for a quiet lunch spot, move along. THe music was loud, the crowd was pretty good looking and the drinks and food were great. Bottomless mimosas, and bloodies (with bacon in them!!) and good down home southern style breakfast and burgers. I also have to hand it to our waitress Mandi. She was really helpful, super nice and hilarious to boot! check it out.
5	Such a fun place to go for brunch after a night of drinking in Scottsdale.  Obviously the Bottomless Mimosas and Bloody Mary's are the best deal in town and the food is fun and hearty enough to soak up all that alcohol.  Our server Mandy was fun, spunky and literally never let our drinks get to half empty.  The place itself is very hip, cool and modern western.  Music is loud and fun.  Overall a great place to go for the young and fun.  and more than deserving of the current 3 stars.
2	I guess the music was good but the food and service was very mediocre. The food tasted like it was processed from a factory. I would go back but just for drinks with friends. Food will have to be elsewhere.
4	Two words. Restaurant week!! (and review # 200)Ok so after scouring over the long list of places to try during restaurant week, I picked RnR as my first place to try as they had three different offerings to choose from and each offering was paired with a drink. They were The All-American, The Healthy Heart and The Polished Palate. I could go into great detail regarding each one, but alas, I will only talk about the one that I ate and do an honorable mention of my boyfriends choice.For my selection, I chose the The All-American which consisted of a yummy and huge Apple Gorgonzola Salad , Ancho Baby Back Ribs w/parmesan fries which had a bbq sauce the reminded me of Famous Daves Devils Spit (oh so yummy), a huge slice of New York Cheesecake, and I generous pouring of the a Cult Cabernet Sauvignon. Yes folks, all of this was included for $30. I could have chosen the Filthy Millionaire Martini as my drink but alas, I am not a huge fan of dirty martini's and the cab was delicious. Wait let me take that back, my entire flippin meal was delicious! I ended up bringing home half of my ribs and cheesecake because I was STUFFED!!! My boyfriend chose the The Polished Palate, which consisted of Cheese and Charcuterie Plate, Blackened Salmon, Double Layer Frosted Carrot Cake and his drink choice was The Samurai. We were actually "fighting" over the desserts because they were so good. I actually threatened bodily harm if he dared drop what was remaining of mine as we walked back to the car lol. So if everything was so wonderful, why only 4 stars? Well the woman's bathroom smelled as if it had sewer back up problem. I went in their twice and it just smelled bad. Yes I know what does that have to do with the meal, but hey I look at everything. Does it mean that I won't come back? Hell no! I will be definitely be back soon, especially to try their breakfast.
4	Great time on a Fall Saturday afternoon!  Good music, college football, and good looking people.But...service could have been better.
5	Had the Philly cheesesteak sandwich, it was really good.  Great atmosphere so long as you like a busy, young crowd.  I went at 3:30pm on Sunday and went back again at 11:30pm Sunday night.  Got 1/2 off my check because it was after 11pm!
3	I kinda think the employees hang out here for a little RnR with their paycheck.  Service was not terrible, but given the fact the dining room was relatively empty, it should have been better.  And while I appreciate the tasting menu (that would be the sauce no one bothered to wipe off), we went with just drinks and dirty chips.My white sangria was just okay.  The"dirty chips" (house-made potato chips topped with wing sauce, ranch dressing, bleu cheese, and bacon) were also okay, but the chips themselves were overly browned for my taste and there was entirely too much wing sauce on that plate.  It made me want a piece of chicken to dip in there. Not bad, but nothing left me wanting to rush back, although their breakfast menu is appealing.
5	Looove this place! Especially on Saturday and Sundays. Breakfast is so good. I would suggest breakfast taco plate or build your own burrito. The bottomless bloody mary/mimosa special on the weekends is probably the best deal. They literally never let ur glass get empty. Plus, there is a dj...need I say more? It's hands down the best time I've had at 10am
4	I absolutely love this place! It's definitely one of my favorite football and brunch spots. If you decide stop in for brunch make sure you get there before 2pm so that you can take advantage of their great bottomless mimosas! The staff is great and remembers my friends and I whenever we come in, definitely a must go in Old Town.
4	Had a great late breakfast at RnR this weekend after checking out the local farmers market in downtown Scottsdale.  Trying to eat healthier so went for the make your own omelette.  I selected chorizo, spinach, mushroom and sausage for my ingredients and all blended nicely.  I gave my kids the potatoes and they really liked them.  My wife had the breakfast tacos and thought they were very good.  Saw a few people enjoying the bloody marys going around so next visit will try one of those.If you are in the mood for lunch make sure to go closer to 11am as they don't serve lunch till 11am.
1	Garbage! I wish I had never gone in here. Their food tastes like it cost pennies to make but they charge you plenty $$. Their staff is absolutely useless but maybe that is because they are all students. Be prepared to wait a long time for your drinks, appetizer and entree. Be prepared to have people walk by you without asking if you need anything, or you can stay away  and save your money. You will be disappointed...guaranteed!
4	No better place on a Sunday! The bottomless mimosas are one of the best deals in town, and they usually have a great dj. The service can be spotty, but this past weekend our server was on point! My glass was never empty! Oh... the food is good too!
4	Waitress/ bartenders are cute. We didnt eat. We just got a drink and left. Only like 5 beers on tap but no worries. They even gave one of my friends a band-aid lol. Their mix drink prices are a bit outrageous tho.. 3 beers for 10 or so.. 15 alone for a double of jack and coke.
5	Love this spot- especially for weekend breakfasts. Not to sound like a pervert or anything, but the staff is quite good looking, and very nice as well. I've been here several times, and always received excellent service.  Good people-watching spot, but the food is also very good.  Everything I've tried here has been scrumptious and fairly priced. Try the protein pancakes. Also, as others have stated, come here to take advantage of the bottomless mimosas.
4	Wandering around the avenue killing time we were getting hungry when the aroma of beef wafted by my nose...that and some pumping jams.  "We have got to follow the smell and sound and find out what this place is!" I exclaimed.  Led us to RnR.  It was a Sunday and the noise was loud on the lower level as the games were on.  The host asked us - after seeing the look on my face - if we wanted to go upstairs where it wasn't as loud.  YES!Upstairs on the outside balcony overlooking the street in November? YES! It was still loud but I didn't care I was enjoying the warmth.  I had the slider sampler and hubs had a blue cheese burger;  Beef good - beef friend! It was all very tasty.  Hubs also had the dirty chips.  The chips weren't bad, just a bit too sloppy for me, he ate them up.   Then the live DJ started spinning some tunes I hadn't heard in awhile and all I could do was stand up and start head nodding and singing along. I noticed they had some good looking breakfast items and that day the drink special appeared to be a really big pitcher of mimosas.  Good times!  When we return to Scottsdale we will hit them up again.
4	RnR has great food, but (at least today) it's kinda like eating at a night club.  Good wait staff and definately a spot for the beautiful people.
2	My husband insists on going here for the Animal Fries... every time we go there the service is consistently sub-par.  This most recent time, beverages took forever, the server didn't know how to properly open a bottle of wine (thank goodness this one server whom I've seen bust his butt a couple times before helped us out) and I got a spotted glass that I ended up polishing myself.   She was nice enough and never ever rude or short-tempered but blonde hair and a short shirt doesn't get a great tip from me.  Prompt service does. We waited quite a long time for our check then to have the check processed and then even longer for a to-go box.  It's ok for me and my hubby but I don't take any out-of-town visitors there.  There are too many other options in that area that appreciate their guests and always are looking for ways to Wow them... in a good way.  These guys "Wow" me every time... but in a bad way.  Total time there -  nearly an hour and a half for 2 apps, a kids meal, a bottle of beer and a bottle of wine (that I ended up corking and taking with me).  PS - the cheese plate consists of deli cut cheeses and meats... not impressive either.
4	Essentially a sports bar, but has a more upscale flair. The decor is nice, and has very open layout--so an get a bit noisy. So be aware if you planned on having dinner conversation.  But because of the open atmosphere, it is great for groups and people watching. I actually love the breakfast here. It isn't as popular as some of the other spots on Scottsdale strip--so you can get seated and served rather quick.  Also, it is a quick jaunt from the local farmers market, so you can stroll around afterwards.  The food is really good, fresh and well presented. I order hot tea for breakfast frequently-- and usually I just get an old Lipton bag with Luke warm water.  This place gave me a nice tray with quality tea, lemon slices and piping hot water in nice mug.Their side of fruit is also very nice -- you get a cup of fresh berries instead of the standard old honeydew chunks.  Dinner is equally nice.  You have the standard sports bar options (burgers, fries, etc.), but presentation and quality is stepped up a notch.
3	Food- 2.5 StarsService-.5 StarsThis place is great for that Saturday or Sunday morning cure for the hangover.  Their Sunday special for endless bloody mary and memosas is fantastic.  You used to be able to pay $10 for the bloodies and $15 for the memosas however now you have to purchase a breakfast ENTREE as well as the $10 or $15 for the drinks.  I think this is a bit steep, I know you are in Scottsdale but either discount the fee for the booze if you have to buy the breakfast or allow a customer to purchase breakfast entree and drink.  The bloody marys however are very cool...they put all the original fixings but then throw a piece of dried bacon in the center of the glass which is especially helpful if you are trying to cure that hangover we talked about earlier.The ambience of the venue is cool very Scottsdale with limited amount of D-bags (except fo your servers which I'll cover in a moment).  Great place for happy hour or to catch a game and can generally find an area to hang out.The reason I have not been back to RnR in a while is because the service is absolutely terrible.  I have gone at least 15 times and keep telling myself that next time the service will be better and that I'll try it again however I keep ending up disappointed.  Every time I have been (which is on Sunday for the endless booze) my waiter or waitress walks around pouting and unresponsive the entire time we are there.  I know you were probably out partying the night before and the last thing you want to do is be at work with people ordering booze and booze and breakfast, but if you hate your job so much quit.  I will probably give this place another try simply because their blood marys outweigh the terrible service, but if any MANAGEMENT is reading this they need to do a complete clean out of all their employees and start fresh or this place will eventually close.
4	My maiden voyage to RnR started off shaky; my SO and I almost turned around when we first opened the door because there was an annoying DJ who was just loud as hell. Who thinks this is a good idea for Sunday morning, when all the poor, the downtrodden, and the hungover venture out for breakfast? I thought the club closed at 2 am last night.Despite the dance remixes of Bon Jovi and too-cool-for-you crowd predominantly in their early 20s, Grandma and Grandpa decided to stay and indulge in some sundried tomato and goat cheese scrambled eggs, Chambord French toast, coffee, and Bloody Marys. I fully admit that the strip of bacon shoved in the Bloody Mary is totally surprising and off-putting for a vegetarian, but it is certainly creative. The Bloody was tasty, but slightly bland and nothing special. The scrambled eggs and hash browns (well done, natch) were huge and delicious, with plenty of tender sun dried tomatoes, but I had to save room for French Toast Mountain. Good thing I did, and it's a damn good thing Fatty wore her stretchy jeggings, because I slurped my half of the French toast down and practically licked the plate clean. It was, bar none, the best French toast I have EVER had. Stuffed with sweet cream cheese, drenched in boozy raspberry sauce, and crowned with great fluffy piles of fresh whipped cream, it was a flavorful little orgasm on a plate. Despite the remix of "Smells Like Teen Spirit" (poor Kurt is SPINNING in his grave) and slightly questionable service (forgotten English muffin), we will be back -- but only on a day when we have nothing else to do but lay around the house, buzzed and in a lethal food coma.... just YUM.
4	Came here for the Saints & Lions game a couple days ago w a few friends and I'm glad we did! We got a nice table outside in the patio area where we had the tv right in front of us. It was also happy hour so we got great deals on drinks and appetizers. I recommend the dirty chips... those were really good. Our server was nice and chill. I would definitely come back.. I had an awesome time.
4	Love this happy hour!! So great for catching up on a nice summer day. The atmosphere is great and the happy hour food is very affordable. I could eat their Animal fries all day and their Margarita flavors are very original, try the jalepeno mango! RnR is also great for watching your favorite team play, they are a Giants baseball bar.
3	I wasn't super impressed the place, food was average, service was average, and the drink prices were average. I came here for happy hour and the food prices were reasonable. The chicken lollipops are nothing more than chicken wings, if your going to try anything go with the French fry's covering in pulled pork and bbq sauce they were great munchie food.  The breakfast menu looked pretty good so I will have to come back and give it another shot.
4	I have a new favorite dish: Ahi Tacos served on jicama tortillas. Quick and attentive service for our party of six. A good martini made the way I like it. Interesting architecture.I'll be back.
4	Went here for a post-conference "after party / happy hour". (The fabulous Mortgage Tech Summit. If you're in the real estate biz and missed it, you screwed up...)The beer selection is marginal at best, though the African Amber was quite tasty.Someone ordered some dish that was nacho-like -- potato chips with bacon, ranch, "buffalo sauce", and blue cheese. It was delightful. (You could put those ingredients on a piece of cardboard and it would be good. It's way better on crunchy potato chips though).What I liked the best was the great service. Brittany kicked ass. She managed to keep my beer full and did separate checks for a crowd of 30ish that was constantly shifting around. All with a cheery smile.Why do they call it "Happy Hour"? Shouldn't it be "Happy Hours"?? I mean really, does anyone stay for just one hour?
4	I love this place! The patio is amazing, especially if you get one of the end lounges to watch your game:). I have never had a bad meal here and I love the drink selection. Yes the music is loud for daytime, but it's still fun and usually has a unique crowd. A must visit if you are new to the area or looking for a fun, funky place.
4	The patio here is great. As is the service.Weve enjoyed everything weve tried here. My personal fave is the animal fries.The margaritas are lethal, but delicious. The chambord maragarita is THE BEST. So delicious.
4	Beautiful space and location. Food was 7/10.
4	This is a great place to sit on the patio when it's nice out and people watch (all the bros and all the older rich couples) in downtown Scottsdale.  The service and management are phenomenal and super welcoming!I especially recommend the Mac & Cheese.  it's ridiculous!!!!  (ask for bacon!!!)Give it a whirl!
3	The very definition of an average brunch.  My omelet was pretty decent, and it's nice that they let you choose a bunch of ingredients if you want to.  However the breakfast potatoes are extremely weak, fairly bland and underseasoned and are probably not hand cut and prepared.  They are mixed with an uninspiring blend of green peppers.   The rest of my table seemed to feel about as enthusiastic as I did about their breakfast burritos.The service was also pretty slow.  Despite the awesome patio and pretty good eye candy among the patronage here, this place is definitely one you can skip.
4	Great food, great service, fantastic hot wings! It was a little loud, but we were there on a game night. The drinks, though pricey were great!
2	Worst. Brunch. Experience. Ever.EVER.Hubs and I wanted to try a new brunch spot and boy were we surprised!This place is LOUD. LOUD. LOUD. It was 1pm on a Saturday and there was a DJ. I've been to brunch w/ a DJ before, which is generally pleasant since a good DJ would understand that Rhianna on 11 is not appropriate for broad daylight. Maybe I sound like a grandma, but I felt so sick to my stomach from the thumping bass that my brunch didn't sit well.The service was quick, although I had to literally SHOUT at our server. The food tasted good and came out really fast. These are the only reasons I will give away 2 stars.The parties at adjacent tables were shouting so loudly and obnoxiously that I ate my eggs and potatoes at light speed to get out of there ASAP.If you want a club atmosphere 24/7, come here. If not, stay far, far away.
2	Ehhh. Food was okay. None of us were really impressed with our meal. It was overpriced for what it was. The atmosphere was trendy, but it didn't make up for the fact that my sandwich tasted like crap. The drinks are expensive. My sangria tasted like a newbie attempted to make it. Ugh. This place is LOUD. Good luck having a conversation at a normal level. At least we looked cool sitting in the booth...but we won't be going back.
2	Food was marginal....Sunday brunch.  Prices were stupid.  And I felt like I  was in a New Orleans' night club...on Sunday morning.  Ick
5	This place was a blast!  I came here with 8 girls on a Saturday for some bottomless mimosas and Bloody Mary's and we were not disappointed!  We did have to wait about an hour since we were a large group, but we started on our drinks at the bar and the staff checked up on us several times and apologized for the wait.  Very friendly!The place was so fun, we didn't mind the wait.  There was a DJ and it was packed with a fun group of people!
5	RNR! Thank you so much for making sure my birthday happy hour went off without a hitch. To making sure I had reserved tables, to separate checks, to EVERYTHING! I am so very appreciative of the entire staff and everything you did to make sure it was seamless. Thank you from the bottom of my heart!!!
5	It can be kind of frustrating when random quirkiness wins a bar loads of attention, but in RnR's case it sort of deserves it. The place is well-designed, well-staffed and well-stocked. The atmosphere is calm yet eclectic, and the whole experience feels complete. That may seem like an odd statement but it's not rare to wander into a restaurant and feel that there is a certain element missing. RnR is not one of those places.The service was above average, the waitress was knowledgeable about the menu & made a solid effort to ask if we needed more drinks or anything else.~Can't wait to go back!
3	Like all bars in Scottsdale during Spring Training, they cater to SF Giants fans.  Nice upscale sports bar atmosphere inside, a slightly bit more relaxed yet very energetic outside patio area.  Service is friendly, bar bites are decent, but it would probably behoove you to go during happy hour in order to get the best deal for your money for the quality (food and drink) that you receive.
4	I went to RnR on a Sunday morning. i actually attempted to go for my first time but left because the wait was 40 minutes. The second time it was only a 25 minute wait which is actually great for Old Town on a Sunday. I really enjoyed my meal! I had heard mixed reviews about their food but I went with 4 other people and everyone enjoyed their breakfast. the real reason we went was because they have bottomless bloody mary's AND mimosas for an extra 15 dollars until 2pm. Definitely worth it if you make it a competition between you and the restaurant to see how many you can finsih to get your money's worth. You do have to purchase a breakfast item to get this 15 dollar bottomless deal but it is probably a good idea to eat when drinking that much anyway. Just be aware you can't switch between mimosas and bloody mary's so make sure to choose wisely. The only complaint that I had was the noise level was soooooo loud! This place is open from 8am to 2am because it turns into a club at night. However, I don't think they adjust their music volume depending on the time of day which can be a little much for the morning and when you are trying to chat with friends.
1	Don't come durning spring training. They don't take reservations and you will wait for bad service and marginal food :-(
5	Can't beat $13 bottomless mimosas! I love everything about this place and have added it to my must attend bars/brunches when we're in Scottsdale for Spring Training. Go Giants!
4	Hit this place the week it opened, back about a year ago, and it was a disaster.  music was too loud for how early it was (5pm), packed with typical scottsdale 30k millionaires looking to impress everyone, and intimidate the rest.  Not my typical scene, but we stuck it out.service was a mess, food was wrong, or just bad (our chicken "lollipops" tasted like they were fried in fish oil), but vowed to try it again.during a calm happy hour on a tuesday afternoon in March (when the giants weren't playing), decided to give it another try.  Service was much improved, no complaints.  in fact, i would say that our waitress was great.  she had great suggestions, explained some menu items and aspects of their happy hour, and was very attentive.I was able to score a couple jack manhattans at happy hour pricing, which is always a plus, and the dirty chips were great.  we decided to give the infamous "lollipop" chicken a second try, and it was great.  went with the buffalo sauce and, while not really very spicy, they were tasty.would definitely do it again for happy hour, if the atmosphere was right.
3	RnR has a great ambiance and pretty good bar food.   Seems a bit more upscale for a sports bar but it's not at all stuffy.  They have a really nice outdoor seating area with couches and tall tables and heating if needed.  Drinks are priced pretty average, but they have a really good happy hour.  This will def be a place to return to every year for the Giant's Spring Training.
1	THe FOOD is GREAT, but the SERVICE is REALLY BAD.  We were even giving it a second chance but the service was still typical snotty Scottsdale service which we don't appreciate seeing as we live here in Old Town. Brittany served us at the outside bar. She seemed to know everyone else around us & was friendly & talkative to them. She gave us our food then went to the other side of the bar, we sat there still needing silverware & napkins. When my husband asked her for a napkin she tossed a few bar napkins toward him. I pointed to the pile of cloth napkins rolled around silverware and asked if we could have those. She put them on the bar without looking up at us or saying anything. We were using a 'daily deal' maybe that's what spawned the bad attitude but doesn't that defeat the point of those to get people in there...or in our case BACK in there for another shot?? We are really good tippers & always tip from the original amount not the 'deal' amount but Brittany got nothing from us. Management needs to know that their servers are hurting their reputation & turning off locals who should be repeat business.  We won't make the same mistake a third time.
2	I was really excited to try this place...boy was I disappointed...we order chips and guac to start and they were nowhere to be found..I couldn't find my server so after 10Minutes I got up to find her. I told her to cancel the chips because the food would be out any minute. Then they come out with the meal and the guac was brown and chips were stale. I ordered the chicken sandwich and it came out burnt bread and flavorless. I'm sorry i don't like to give restaurants a bad rep but it was a really bad experience
2	-Traditional bar food, it was nothing special.-Good atmosphere for a sports bar -Nice outside seating area-Draft Beer was bad as was the White Sangria
4	As a Rockies fan in a Giants type o'place!  I truly enjoyed it.  We sat on the patio and we sat for quite sometime.  We could had drank the bar dry, but we left some!  I would suggest this place!
4	We went to Scottsdale for Spring Training a few weeks ago.  We saw they had the Giants flags outside so we went in to have dinner.   The service was great from the lady at the first door to the lady who wanted on us.   We decided to have the "Animal Fries" and it ended up being all we could eat.  They were great but the BBQ sauce was a little hot and burned my lips.  But it was worth it. Sooooooooo Good.  The only thing they couldn't do was do a virgin drink for us so we ended up have diet coke with cherry favor in it.  But all in all it was a great time and I would go back.
1	My son and his family arrived into Scottsdale Tuesday April 10 on there way to California. We decided to eat at RnR before they continued there trip.  My son and my wife ordered a hamburger and fries. The fries had no taste and my son asked for two new orders. My grandchildren ate the original fries, while the new fries loaded with Parmesan cheese. The fries were not hot, nor had the cheese melted. I had a few of the fries and did not have as severe a case of food poisoning as my son and my wife. I have recommended RnR in the past. I do not think I will in the future.
4	This seems to be the place to see and be seen for the young and the trendy. It was always crowded when we walked by, but the blasting music and stylish crowd at night made it a tough sell for many of my coworkers. So, I went on my own, opting to stretch my per-diem to the max at happy hour.It was love at first sip of that black IPA on draft. Then there was the ahi tuna tacos. These dainty little tacos come out on a seemingly silly slice of jicama, almost too pretty to eat. But I checked my ego and ate them whole, and was immediately blown away by the fresh, bright flavor. This was a big deal for me, as I typically avoid eating fish in land-locked states. Impressed, I also ordered the burger sliders. Sadly, they were dry and an overall disappointment.With those tuna tacos still on my mind, the table was set for a second visit. For round 2 I opted for a more manly snack: the animal fries. Snack? This proved to be more of a meal. And lets be honest - this dish is nothing less than food porn, the likes of which I used to fantasize about as a collegiate stoner. A plate of not 1 but 3 kinds of already-bad-for-you fries, topped with a mound of hearty pulled pork and smothered with 2 kinds of melted cheeses and bbq sauce. Believe me, It was even more awesome than it sounds, even if the cheese was a bit sharp for my taste.So then I saw the breakfast menu online, and imagined curing a Sunday morning hangover with some breakfast tacos. Fast forward to that weekend - Im not exactly sure what happened St Pattys day/night, but when I woke up Sunday am, RnR was packed with a solid1.5-2 hr wait. Needless to say, I never got the chance to sample breakfast. Alas, there will be another trip in a few months, and Ill be back.
3	Went in on Monday night , 4/16/2012, around 8pm. Place was nearly empty but it took forever to get our food which was an RnR burger and a pulled pork sandwich. I ordered BBQ sauce on the side in case I didn't care for it but the pork itself was very spicy like it was marinated or cook with very hot peppers. It was kind of off putting.  My sweet potato fries were amazing. Some of the best I've ever eaten. Crispy and seasoned perfectly.  Boyfriend said burger was ok and his healthy side of berries were yummy. Had a singer for mellow Monday and she was very good but I can't tell if it wants to be a restaurant or hipster bar with some appetizers. Just ok if you want a nice dinner that's not a $50 steak
4	Good food every time I go, good atmosphere, but the 4 rating and not the 5 because our service could have been a little better. Other than that no complaints.
4	R n R is beautiful, I just love the architectural features.. delicious before you even step inside the door! They have two floors of inside/outside seating, tons of waiters/bartenders and usually great music.Saturday/Sunday afternoons they usually have it loud!! (Which I like).  I like this place because you could bring your mom for lunch or your boyfriend for late night. They have all kinds of appetizers. I would say the flavor is mainly American with a twist. I've had the "animal fries" and they are delicious, also the nachos are good and the sliders.. Actually I have to say all the food I have tried has been good. For the portions it does seem like a medium priced place in comparison to other spots that are fancier (Herb Box and Bandera). I have sat inside, and on both floors of the outdoor patios. The decor is very nice, and overall I really like this place and plan to come back.
5	this place is great! im from out of state and my friend and i where looking for a yummy place to have brunch...low and behold rnr...great food and a reasonable price and the best part bottomless mimosas...fab for vaca..lol  love the fact that the have booths and high bar style table outside. they also had heaters outside which worked perfect for us seeing how it was about 60 degrees outside..lol love this place and will return when im back in az.
4	I would give it a solid 4 starsYes the service was slow but they seem unstaffed & it wasn't snottsdaleEverything we ordered was goodThe pulled pork slidersThe animal fries & the ahi tacos - totally disappointing looking & small but the best thing everYummy! & well priced for happy hour. The drinks were decently poured ( better than saddle ranch)All in All a four
4	Went here for a saturday lunch with a girlfriend. The building is amazing and beautiful, very clean. I'm not generally a "Scottsdale crowd" type of gal, but the place was nice, and the music was good too. The menu looked so delicious that we had a hard time deciding what to get. Our waiter was very kind, didn't try to rush us, and gave us plenty of time to decide. We had a house salad, dirty chips, and an order of sliders. The house salad seemed a bit over priced for what it was, but the dirty chips were really good! The sliders were average, and well priced.I really want to go back and try a happy hour sometime to try more of the small plates, our only regret was that the order of dirty chips was BIG, we could only finish half of it. A half sized portion would have been perfect, though!
4	What a great location for Happy Hour when it isn't searing hot to sit on the patio. Sunday brunch is pretty fab here too since they used to have bottomless mimosa's. Try the Ahi taco's for Happy Hour!  The staff is pretty attentive once you get a table but it rubs me the wrong way when high school hostesses act as if you are an inconvenience or pretending they work at a club
4	Only here for drinks and the Bartenders were friendly...
4	Never had a bad meal!! Service is really hit or miss.
4	Old town Scottsdale. Parking medium but  depends on what time you arrive.Good music, pretty mixed crowd with mostly cool upper class people 21-40. Nice bar with good tvs with sports on. Surprising wine selection and weak beer choices. Really friendly bartenders and servers.Food selection was good and happy hour specials with drinks and gourmet bar food.Definately good vibe and worth stopping in.Prices medium to mid high on normal menu.Will repeat.
4	Patty melt was delicious and portions were just right, not too large - not too small.
5	Loved RnR. I went last Sunday around 12. There wasn't that long of a wait and they have bottomless mimosas and bloody marys for $14. Even though it was packed the servers were quick to refill. Fun atmosphere and a nice patio with an upstairs!
4	A bit trendy and overpriced but you get what you pay for in Old Town. Everything from drinks to appetizers to meals was high quality, small portions, high priced. People were pretty, happy hour is always hopping and EVERYONE IS HAVING FUN. We will be back, on payday....
1	WOW - maybe I'm too old or we weren't dress up enough but with a bunch of empty tables we were told there would be a 20 min wait - there was. Our server ignored us for the next 20 mins since we asked for the happy hour menu. Too bad cause the food was a little better than ok. We asked about the bottomless mimosas and were told there was only  half hour left and it wouldn't be worth our time. OK so what do I want to eat, great swami who knows all......
4	If you can't tell from my other reviews, I'm always skeptical of super trendy restaurants. When the staff looks like something out of an Abercrombie and Fitch ad, I start to worry. In my experience that usually means indifferent service and overly thought out food.But the food, drinks, and service at RnR won us over.We went for happy hour. We walked in around 6:30 to pounding house music and gorgeous twenty somethings that were obviously laying around the pool all day. Loud music and food don't usually mix well for me when it is still daylight.The hostesses were very friendly and our server was great. He was much more down to earth then I thought service here would be. He was wonderful in describing the menu and making suggestions.My husband had the animal fries and the ahi tacos. His eyes almost bulged out of his head when the fries came. As a vegetarian I was slightly repulsed by this carnivorous mess of a plate, but he was in pig and potato heaven. He liked his tacos too but was slightly annoyed he can eat them in 3 bites.I had the portabello sandwich. It was good but not great. The bread was too thick and got soggy very quickly by the watery marinade of the mushroom. I definitely want to try something else out next time we go. The parmesean fries it came with were heavenly. Drinks were good and priced awesome for happy hour. I had a mango pepper margarita. I liked the first few sips but there was something about the flavor I didn't like. My husband thought it was delicious and finished it for me.If we are in the area we will definitely stop by RnR again. I want to try their boozy Sunday brunch.
3	Mewh.  I guess I have been in places with a higher fraternity/hungover/douchey vibe for brunch on a Sunday at 11AM, but not many.  The food was decent, a little fancier than your typical diner fare, with a little bit of flair thrown in for good measure (and higher prices).  Probably won't be returning unless I am desperate.
2	By far the worst breakfast experience that I have had in town. No follow up by staff and food took forever, with the order being wrong
4	Smoking hot bartender with firecracker wit - Check. Decent selection of beer - Check. Great food - Check.  Within a 5 minute walk to my hotel - Triple check. Spent quite a bit of time at this joint during spring training this year watching the NCAA Tourney.  Great atmosphere, diverse crowd to bullshit with and the staff was really friendly. All in all, I had a great time. This will be my go to place for day drinking next year when I'm not at a game.
3	We went to RnR with a travelzoo coupon which is always a nice way to try out a new place. Since we had to drive about 25 miles we decided not to drink but realized that only a few drinks could make you forget the loud music that was pumping nonstop throughout the restaurant.The menu had some unique choices and we opted for animal fries, which was about 1/2 pound of pulled pork over French and Sweet potato fries - enough for more than two as an appetizer. We also ordered the mac and cheese and ahi tuna tacos which were good enough to order again. I would not call this a healthy lunch. It was a real heart stopper - literally.They also have some specials and I noticed people drinking bellinis all over the place and realized that that it was an all you can drink special.The crowd is young and hip (I am not but who cares) and I loved the ambiance and industrial look. Great for a bunch of people going out together for some fun but I wouldn't take a first date there because you'll be screaming at each other over the music.Prices are reasonable for a hip joint on Scottsdale and the place was hopping on a Saturday afternoon.
4	I've been here twice and both times were enjoyable. The first time I was here I had the grilled cheese sand which and it was SO good!!! I had the sweet potato fries with it and I left VERY full with leftover's took me 20 minutes to decide what i wanted to eat because everything on the menu looks great! Service was on point!The second time i was here I had the spicy mango margarita and it was pretty good, not the best but pretty good. We had a table of 7 and it was around 9 or 10 at night...for some reason we had like 3 different servers. Weird. Still one of my new favorite places because the food is great!
4	Went to RnR for brunch on a Sunday. It seems like most people that go out and party on Saturday night, end up having breakfast at RnR and continue partying on Sunday.The brunch consisted of bottomless mimosas and bloody marys. The cost for that was $15 and I believe you could pick an entree off the menu which was included. Suffice it to say, the details are hazy because of the mimosas and the fun we had later in the day.I had a breakfast burrito which was excellent. We had a table of 5 and I think everyone enjoyed their food and would come back again. The atmosphere of the place on a Sunday morning was like I said, a bit like an early Saturday night in Scottsdale. The music was a little loud at times but not enough for anyone to complain.
1	I was in Scottsdale for a couple weeks about 2 months ago and decided to come here for dinner with a few coworkers one night, what a mistake. The service was horrible and slow, we had to chase down our server for our check and had to wait about 45 minutes for 1 burger and 3 salads, I'm guessing they had to butcher the cow in back or had to wait for the lettuce to grow. The place was not that busy so the fact that we had to wait that long for our food is unacceptable, not to mention we had to wait up front for the hostess to stop talking to her coworkers at the bar to come seat us. The food is way overpriced but in Scottsdale I guess that doesn't matter. It looks like a fun place from the outside but beware once you come in.
4	So, living in, or near New Jersey, New York, and Philly has spoiled me when it comes to great food, pretty people, trendy spots, and yummy happy hours!RnR is one of my new favorite places that mirrors a trendy spot in the Village in NYC.  Upon turning the corner and seeing it's beauty, I was immediately in love.  Once on the other side of that by and beautiful wooden door, I was greeted by a lovely young lady with a pink bang and barely there outfit with great customer service skills.We arrived too late to experience the $15.00 bottomless mimosa brunch but just in time for happy hour! Bingo!!!!!!The menu had some unique choices and we opted for animal fries, which was about 1/2 pound of pulled pork over French and Sweet potato fries covered in herbs and aged cheddar cheese, and ahi tuna tacos which were good enough to order again.  As for drinks, the margaritas were banging!!!!!! My friend had a pineapple margarita and then a glass of the Alaskan Amber Ale on tap (good damn beer) and , I had a mango and a chipotle pineapple margarita.  They were amazing, each in their own ways and they were $4.00 each! The beer I think was $2.00.  I will definitely be back here as often as possible but next time with a Designated Driver and an IV filled with H20 so that I can simultaneously hydrate my poor body!Oh, and the service was pretty good for them to be so busy taking care of drunk people who just want to have fun, me and my friend included!The music was amazing as well, I almost created my own dance floor! Maybe next time I will!!
3	Great bartenders, servers, and food preparation.  The result of a Manhattan bar and restaurant falling out of the sky and landing on a dude ranch.  I could do some damage to my brain cells here.  I had a couple of appetizers and again - well prepared and the kind of food you would get in SF, LA, or more likely Manhattan.  I'll go back and try it again and likely update my review with more detail - as I don't recall what I ate right now.
3	I was super excited to check this place out because from the outside it looks like a blast. Tiered up in rot-iron pillars there has got to be like three levels to this place. We  had a fairly large group and went for mimosa brunch hour on a Saturday. I was told it was $14 bottomless mimosas so I didn't order food, plus I wasn't hungry. The waiter seemed slightly overwhlemed with the size of our group but they food came out quickly and everyone seemed pleased with their dishes. The place was refreshingly cool and swamp misters kept the outside diners relieved as well. The crowd was all types and I experienced that in the bathroom toom which looked like it belonged in a campground, but oh well.Turns out you only get the $14 bottomless deal if you order food... so basically they want you to spend at least $23 on brunch. I dunno, doesn't seem like that great of a deal. I would go back if it truly was a flat $14 bottomless deal or if someone else was paying for me.
2	Have you ever been talking with your friends and they begin to tell you how great of a swimmer they are? Then they run and belly flop and begin to just sink to the bottom? No?? I haven't either, but if i had, this would be that friend.Considering that this place boasts its presence with being right in old town Scottsdale you think they would have experience, food, and service. I contemplated 1 star but that would be unfair to the first server who did a great job. Shall we continue?Upon arriving they seemed busy inside and didn't have a table ready. My party had already been sitting and waiting for awhile when the rest of us arrived. They had 2 small children and 1 pregnant woman. Let's have them sit outside without water for awhile. Thats what we did. Finally a server came over and brought us water promptly.  Kind of a big deal to not be aware of your waiting patrons (especially if all you have is outdoor waiting in ARIZONA.) Once seated, server came over, said hi and left. (i don't know why the rest of my party left their waters outside, i brought mine in). She never brought over or asked us if we would like waters. I guess seeing one cup for 8 people is sufficient.  Well 10 minutes later a group walks in same size and sits in the booth across from us. As we wait for our server to come back and take our order 20-25 minutes later, she instead goes to take the order of our neighbors. Um hi..we are waiting still. After long awkward anticipation of trying to "flag her down" (granted she could have been busy, but she was chatting with the hostesses a lot, so who knows) she comes over and takes our long awaited dinner orders..we are striding along 45-50 minutes to take our order. When the other group was promptly attended to (10-15min). Oh heck yes i really was timing.. Order goes, 10 minutes  later appetizers come out and 1hr later (yes i realize it takes awhile to get food out especially 8 dishes) our dinner comes, or i think it is our dinner. We had 3 messed up orders. 3 overly cooked burgers..i tasted them it was so dry not even drink our 1 cup of water between 8 people could re hydrate that.  I mean i am a guy, most things can be fixed for me with just a GOOD (not even great) meal. But they couldn't even capitalize on that.. I am pretty sure a "good" meal could have come through better.Heh, my meal was some chicken sandwich, thank God it was cooked all the way through. It was definitely slopped together. There was a GLOB of sundried tomatoes placed only in the middle, showing me that they cared so much to just ladle out the st's. I mean it was okay, but nothing i'd pay that much.Hey i am a nice guy, lets talk about our neighbors.. by the time we got our food they were done eating and paying for their bill (they had 7 people). hmmmi could go on, but really...whats the point? you get the idea...i wont be back
1	Went in with a group on Monday around 1pm. The place wasn't busy at all, so I was expecting service to be pretty speedy. WRONG! We waited almost 10 minutes for our drinks to be delivered. One persons drink didn't even come, so after another 10 minutes of our server being nowhere, he magically appeared and ordered him another one. 5 minutes later, I personally had to go grab it from the bar because our server was nowhere to be found again. after ordering, it took about 35 minutes for our food to come out. A buddy and I split the Blue Cheese Sliders and the Hangover Fries. The sliders came out with no blue cheese on them and the fries looked and tasted like they had been sitting under the heat-lamp for about 10 minutes. And again, our server was nowhere to be found when we needed drink refills and to ask about the food. To top it off, a few in our group decided to sit at the bar after our meal and wait for our ride to come. We all ordered beers from their amazing CRAFT selection (Coors Light, Blue Moon, Dos Equis, Alaskan Amber, New Castle, Perroni). Wow, those all sound like domestics to me. As we were drinking our beers, we noticed that the bar was swarming with FLY's! EVERYWHERE! Flies and Gnats were on everything; the plates, glasses, bottles, the beer taps. This place is to be avoided at all cost. It may look good on the outside but everything on the inside is messed up. This is coming from someone who has worked a while in the food industry. Service - 1.5/5Food - 2/5Cleanliness - 1.5/5Atmosphere - 3/5
4	We went for Happy Hour last week so I can only comment on the drinks. I rarely drink liquor but the Spa caught my eye so I gave it a shot. Order it! So delicious!Need to come back for breakfast - the menu looks awesome.
5	After a wild night out you'll probably find yourself hungover and lazy the next morning looking for a good place to go for breakfast/brunch.  Well look no further because I have the solution for your problem.  RnR has now claimed a special spot in my heart as the go to place for my hangover breakfast cravings.Went here Saturday morning (11:00-ish) and it was pretty crowded with a lot of the people you probably saw the night before.  There was a DJ playing great music to put you in a good mood and you see Mimosas and Bloody Mary's on almost every table.  They have a bottomless option for those drinks so for $15 you can get as many as you want, they just keep coming around and filling them up again.  Dangerous but delicious!The food is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!  I was trying to be kind of good so I ordered the protein pancakes and you never really know how that's going to turn out but let me tell you, these were some of the best pancakes of any kind I've ever had!  They have blueberries in them, granola on top and come with a good amount of apple butter to spread.  They bring syrup along with them but honestly you don't even need it because they're so good.  My friend ordered the Bleu Cheese Burger which was delicious as well.  The flavors blended really well together, it was cooked perfectly and you could tell the meat was high quality.All this being said, I think it's pretty clear that you'll know where to find me in the early-ish hours of the weekend.
2	Bunch of pretty wanna bees run this place. Food is so so.
1	honestly, the food isn't half bad. THe mac and cheese is amazing. Theres a great variety and lots of bar service, however, they way the treat their employees is disgusting. i was there eating one night, a table next to make CLEARLY mead a mistake from being too intoxicated, threw a drink on (think the hostestess  name was Beth or something) and even thought she wasn' t the server, she made my night a million time better. She had a real conversation with me and brought me plenty of free beverages to make up for it. However, the manager didn't see how hard she was working (bussing too many tables to handle and too many people to handle) and completely disregarded her efforts.. Our ticket was also off by SEVERAL dollers, Kim, the manager came to handle it and instead of comping out meal she gave out free coupons for a drink nexr visit....which there wont me. I hate this place to say is the least
5	This place was good... i was out there from california had to clue were to go or were to eat so i just picked to go here with the family! it was very good.... our waiter was very nice..... they also have an discount if you work in the restaurant..... So i would deff go back if i go back to Scottdale!!!!
2	RnR was such a huge disappointment for me! We went here for breakfast after a night out on the town. Our server was probably one of the slowest I have ever had. It took forever for her to even bring water! Then the home fries were bland and claimed to have peppers and onions in them. I have literally one pepper and a couple pieces of onion. The bacon was actually good. I heard this place is fun at night but don't venture here for breakfast I would suggest.
2	I was disappointed in this place because it looks like a cool spot from the outside. It was a Sunday night - Labor Day weekend when we stopped in. Visiting from out of state, we had been up early and spent the entire day in Sedona, so when we got back in town we wanted a more low-key place to get drinks and some food. Searching online we saw that this place specifically boasted that it had "50% off late night eats after 11pm" on Sunday nights. Perfect. We arrive and it is dead. Ok, it is on the outskirts of the party scene going on further downtown, so maybe that should've been expected. The hostess awkwardly asks if we'll be drinking tonight. We sit outside, they have the music bumping pretty loud, and the couches and oversized chairs are actually pretty comfy... oh, and then there's that sloppy wasted girl sitting one lounge area away from you giving her boyfriend a lap dance and dancing around their table like a stripper. Really? Anyways, we order food (sliders and chicken "lollipops") and a couple drinks. The sloppy girl and her man eventually leave, and 45 minutes later our 2 small appetizers finally come out. It wasn't til about 30 minutes after we ordered that our waitress came up to apologize and say she was sorry the food was taking so long, but that right as we arrived they had actually closed down the kitchen, so when we and the table who arrived shortly after us ordered, they had to get everything in the kitchen back out. Seriously? I know it's not the waitresses fault, but why would you not mention that when we ordered. Also, why are you going to advertise your special on Sunday nights being "late night eats starting at 11pm" when apparently you decide to close your kitchen down at that same time? I understand when it's a slow night eventually someone has to make that call and say you're going to go ahead and close early... but if that's the case, mention it when we get there instead of making us feel awkward and like we're burdening you ask you clean up everything around us and basically shut the place down waiting for us to get finished eating. The food was ok, but the 45 minute wait spoiled it.
4	Service was great, loved our drinks and the animal fries but we got so confused when our server came out wearing a different outfit midway through our evening here. Kind of weird, didn't know we were at such an upscale dining establishment ;)
2	$10 dollars for three baby tacos with slivers and I mean slivers of fish or mushrooms, all on a wet plate?  No thanks, that was a rip off.
5	I work at a restaurant and therefore I am painfully aware of what good service is. Dan gave it to myself and my friends from the minute we walked in the door. He was friendly, hospitable, and gave some of the best service I've had in a long time. Besides his great service, the food was incredible. The dirty chips were taste bud heaven and the chicken sandwich made me drool. If the food and service isn't enough, they give a discount to other people in the industry on Sunday nights. You can't beat RnR for a good time, delicious food, and wonderful service.
5	The breakfast is my favorite--pancakes, waffles, and the amish french toast are a sweet tooth's yummiest options. Not only does their food look great, but their staff as well! DJs are awesome, and the atmosphere is young and fun.
3	If you don't get the "Veggie Tacos (what the heck are these?!)" or the Queso Dip, you'll be fine... probably. I do love the $15 bottomless Mimosas! I'll be back... not going to lie.
4	Grilled cheese and parm fries were outstanding!! Love the outdoor patio.
4	i stopped in here a couple weeks ago for lunch.  I was seated right away outside in the direct line of the sun (I came from MN).  I loved it.  I had a chicken caesar salad and a water, not too adventurous or daring but it was great.  It's hard to mess up a caesar salad but it's also hard to make a memorable one.  This one was great!  Everyone working here was friendly, prompt, and had a smile.  I will definitely be back next time I'm in town.  I'd like to check it out at night and throw a couple back.  Great location!
4	Love the atmosphere, Love the bottomless mimosas... and the food is great too...
5	By far one of the best menu's in Old Town Scottsdale. Bar food with a gourmet twist. The mac n cheese was to die for, I even added chicken and bacon to it! SO DELICIOUS. The place to be on Sunday mornings! Live music, drinks for days, and beautiful people all around. Attentive staff and great service! Overall would rate this place a 10/10! If you haven't stopped by RnR, DO IT. I'll be there every Sunday from now on!
3	I've shot into here on a few occasions for drinks and food and it's always been a meeeh type experience.  The food and drinks are a bit on the pricey scale for the quality and service is decent.  It kind of leaves you craving for more.  The outdoor seating is pretty good though with a linear but open space seating, outdoor bar and louge area.
4	I came here with for brunch on New Year's Day with a dozen people, and the place was packed.  The music was pretty loud, so you have to shout to your friends if you want them to hear you.  It was amusing to see that some customers looked like they were still wearing their NYE outfits with their stilettos, shiny dresses, and suits.  I love people watching in Old Town!  Anyways, although our group had a reservation, we still had to wait 30-45 minutes until we were actually seated.  But I definitely didn't mind, because the crowd was fun, and bottomless mimosas are $15.  Apologetic for the wait, the restaurant manager came over to our table on the patio and gave our table free appetizers and tickets to a nearby club.  Score! I ordered the Egg White Turkey Scramble that included apple turkey sausage, roasted red peppers, spinach and scrambled eggs, home fries, and toast.  Prices are on the mid to high side, but don't forget that this is Scottsdale.  My dish was light, flavorful, and was perfect alongside my mimosa.  For appetizers, our table enjoyed the Jalapeno Mac n'Cheese that consisted of cavatappi pasta tossed in a spicy jalapeno cheese sauce and topped with parmesan bread crumbs---it was scrumptious.  We also enjoyed he Hangover Fries, which were parmesan fries loaded with cheddar cheese, jalapenos, tomatoes and bacon topped with two eggs sunnyside up with sour cream.  Wow---I had never had eggs on top of my fries before, and the name "Hangover Fries" is perfect.  Our table scarfed these down, and some people claimed that their hangovers were already subsiding!I was impressed with the staff, because they were on their A-Game.  They didn't forget anything when we asked, and were just great.  I definitely plan on coming back, because RnR rules!
5	Love this place!  Top notch service, comfy patio, great music and yummy Animal Fries.  All the servers and bartenders have amaaaaazing customer service.  Special shout out to Brian (seems to always be my server) for delivering the best service I've ever had anywhere.  For a place that seems to draw a lot of beautiful people in, the atmosphere is very non-stuffy and unpretentions.  RnR has found the perfect balance of style, warmth and quality and accented it with amazing staff.  Great HH, too, with half-price taps and cheap appetizers.  I even love the music they have playing in the background, which is rare of me to say.
4	I came here for a corporate function on a saturday and i tell you what I am a fan! The DJ was outstanding. We decided to have the never ending mimosas and mind erasers so i can't really be a good judge of character on the food due to being a little tipsy but i did have the breakfast taco plate and it was pretty darn good, i will be returning for sure.
3	First off, I'd probably put this at a 3.5 if possible. A lady friend and I went here this morning (Sunday) for brunch after a wild night of cosmic bingo at the casino. We ordered the egg whites with turkey sausage, a maple bacon scone, mimosas (which are never ending from 11-3pm on Sundays for around $7 - i only had two though so maybe they took that into consideration?) and coffee. All of the food was really good, and everything that passed us by looked awesome as well, we wanted to try everything! So the reasons it got knocked some stars down:1. Our server was miserable. No smile, no hustle and bustle, nothing other than "What would you like?" "Are you ready to order" and the rare "Can i get you anything?" We had empty water glasses at the edge of our table, no offer to refill it, we had to ask. Didn't ask us if we would like cream or sugar with our coffee - had to ask. Also our eggs came with toast but there was no butter/jam on the side for it- again had to ask. Granted it's the little things but in the service industry those are the things that matter most, and all I'm really looking for. If you're not into it, please get a new job. All the other servers seemed pleasant and attentive though, we just got a dud i think. 2. The music was SO loud. The DJ who was playing was decent & maybe im getting old but i felt like i had to wear ear plugs, and could barely hear my friend who was sitting, at most, 3 feet away. We both felt like we were yelling to have a conversation. And our baby headache hangovers were super not happy with it either. And please take into consideration we're the type of girls who love going to festivals - punk rock ones included. 3. We were sat on the upstairs patio (awesome views btw), where there were heaters,  but we both felt like they were not well placed, and today it was chiiiillly! It would have been nice to have been by a heater. With all of this, we definitely will be back. Their Happy Hour specials look rad and i definitely want to try more of their food selection.
3	I got to try RnR on the roughest brunch day of them all: New Years day.Think about it. Its the morning after the biggest celebratory night of the year. The air is filled with alcohol and/or puke breath, walk of shamer(s) and hungover folk that either need to desperately jump on the booze horse with a Bloody Mary or desperately need some greasy food to survive the worst (and first!) hungover day of the year.Needless to say it is a tough day for any brunch restaurant, but RnR managed to survive moderately well. Arriving at the busiest brunch time ever, 11am, RnR gave us a little buzzer and told us the wait time would be approximately an HOUR. Since we figured everything would be packed, we decided to wait around and hope they would speed up the process. We went upstairs while we waited just because it was too cold outside and too busy by the bar. Unfortunately the staircases smelled like 3 homeless men had fought and died in their own pile of vomit and the RnR crew had forgotten to clean it up. Talk about disgusting.Bringing in my "fuck it" mentality. We go to the patio area and find an empty couch in front of the TV. We figured we could chill out while we waited since no one was being seated there. Within minutes we had a server approach us and take our order. Score. Completely bypassed the hour wait and the buzzer. Me: 1, RnR: 0. The outside location was perfect even for a freezing cold day: roof heater right above me, comfy couches and tables and the big flat screen right in front of me showing the Michigan game. Our server was super nice and diligent and for as busy as it was, he was sufficiently speedy. I ordered a sun dried and goat cheese scramble with house potatoes and toast. The scramble was decent (nothing to write home about) but lacked a bit of flavor/spice/basic salt and pepper. My latte came out cold but our server was nice enough to take it back and bring me a nice freshly-brewed one. My company didn't care for his breakfast tacos. I guess scrambled eggs in tortilla are not as foodgasmic as you would hope they would be.I get that RnR is more about the hang-out, clubby-music environment that Scottsdale brunchers aim for. Nothing wrong with that, I would just prefer my food to be a tad more elevated and for my staircases to be a tad less puke-y. I know, I'm such a picky bastard.
4	Have been there before, but am reviewing my most recent stop on a Saturday morning.  I ate some amazing food!  A bloody mary is considered "food," right?  And like most of the other bar/restaurants around Old Town, it can get busy... but that's why you go to a lot of those places... or maybe I am the only one who likes a crowd?  At least it's a pretty attractive crowd.  Also enjoyed the Hangover Fries quite a bit... although I swear I wasn't hungover.  That much.  And I assume before naming these Hangover Fries, they also considered calling them Blocked Arteries Leading to a Massive Heart Attack Fries... but that name was probably too long to fit on the menu.  Anyway, you should probably share these with someone. We sat outside and the sun was getting pretty hot, so the server (or bartender?) lowered the sunscreen for us.  Can't beat that for quality service!
2	Its my second time here and right from the start we got told by the hostess that we could not sitio at the second level, its a beautiful sunny day on a Sunday afternoon and the spot to be its up in the second floor with the view of scottsdales oldtown streets and view of the mountains, so we decided to go upstairs anyways and met Austin the bartender and took care of us.
4	Great and attentive service on a Sunday for Brunch! I had the breakfast sandwich with a side of home fries....slayed! Bottomless mimosas is a star in itself, and the waitress was always on it when it came to refills for the group. Music was bumping, and it feel like a club on a Sunday, I definitely enjoyed myself, maybe a little too much with the mimosas but all in all i give this place 4 solid stars.. ILL BE BACK.
4	Love this place.Went twice can't wait to go back.My first experience was better than the secondbut second time wasn't bad at all.The first time our server was Ken and he was fabulous.My girlfriends and I absolutely loved him.I'm a server so I notice every little thing, He wasvery attentive, fast, engaging and just the best.And very attractive. Haha.The food was awesome!The breakfast tacos, the breakfast potatoes and waffle AMAZING.Best breakfast/brunch place ever...and the bloody mary awesome.The second time I went the food was amazing. ButThe server wasn't as attentive, he seemd preoccupied withhaning out with his co-workers. but I can understand that.:)Love this place!
5	This place was amazing! I'm from Tucson and went up to visit some friends last Saturday. That being said, I was blown away by how great the service and atmosphere of RnR was Sunday morning. We sat outside on the patio at ground level and it was just what I needed after a late night bar-hopping. The breakfast sandwich and scone were delicious! Favorite part though was the DJ; her playlist was phenomenal! Definitely going back every time I visit! I wish there was a place like this in Tucson!
3	The food is good and the bloody marys aren't shabby. Be warned, they come with a slice of bacon in them though. However, this place is great for brunch on Sundays because they have bottomless bloody marys and mimosas. Just be prepared to wait quite a while for a table as they fill up fast here on the weekends.Also, not really a family establishment. Last time I was here, a girl got so drunk by 11 am that she started dancing on the bar.
3	Being from the bay, we loved this place! Giants fans only, great vibe & atmosphere... can't wait to go back!!
3	It is a nice place to hang-out, it had that sports bar feel to it.  My friend pick this place out, but really I enjoyed catching up with her more and cared less about the food.  With that said, I did not like the food.  The plus side, our waiter was super nice and the ambiance is something my age group would appreciate.
4	Great place to go to if you like American food.  I like a good burger every once in a while and enjoyed the  RnR burger.  I split it with a friend of mine and ordered the fries to go with it.  I kind of wished I hadn't shared my meal.  I could have finished the whole thing.  Service was fine. Will be back.
4	Had fun here, got a little crazy here with friends. Good crowd. Just hoping no one took pictures.
4	I went here last weekend to meet up with some friends for drinks on a Sunday. Drinks were well priced, and I came at the right time, as it was Happy Hour. The environment was fun, but not too crazy. And the patio balcony is fun to sit and have a drink while people-watching. I haven't tried the food, so if it's good I'll bump it up to a 5 star review. I'll be there earlier next time for the mimosas... and some grub.
2	What did you say?! I CAN'T HEAR YOU! "I SAID RABBITS EAT LETTUCE!" (South Park, Season 1)This is the loudest goddamn bar on earth.I know some dance clubs that aren't this loud.Everything about this place is obnoxious. Douche-faced bartenders pour weak drinks at outrageous prices... and like I said, most of the time the music is so loud that you can't hear the person next to you.Saving graces: Bottomless Mimosas, Saturday and Sunday. Although the food is outrageously expensive, it is good.Loud.
4	Great for industry night! I enjoyed everything I tried even if it wasn't unforgettable, and it was a great place to watch a little Monday Night Football. I'll be back for sure.
4	Great food and drinks... Sunday's are the best but get pretty wild. Bottomless mimosas are the best part & always make for a good time! The staff is friendly even though it can get pretty busy on the weekends.  Make sure to arrive before 11am if you want a table.
1	A passionless bar. When we asked the server what kinds of beer they served, she pointed to the menu and told us it was on there. Lack of server training and messy halls with garbage bins and chairs make this place suitable for little more than a shot and a beer. Gaggles of servers hung together chatting and chewing gum. Beverages were overpriced at night.
3	My list of requirements for a sports bar is pretty short--attentive servers (particularly behind the bar), lots of TVs; reasonably priced bar food; preferably big space with a couple of team affiliations.  The food prices at RnR seem a little high for Scottsdale, but the beer prices are decent and the space is huge with plenty of large-screen HDTVs.  The servers we had on the two occasions I was there this weekend were always lurking to help with refills, which was nice; I got the impression that RnR caters more to the club/nightlife scene than an actual sports bar scene, so it was an interesting mix of W Hotel clubgoers sunning themselves on the second floor balcony and people in sports jerseys watching NCAA tourney games.  (It helps that there's a DJ spinning loud pop music all the time.)I'm a fan overall, but don't quote me on that about the food.  The two guys I went with tried the pretzel bites and the fish tacos and both reviews came back as a "meh."
4	This place is bumpin for brunch.  A good spot in Tempe to watch some football/march madness or just hang out with friends.  The selection of food was delish.  The Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.  Everytime I have went it has been busy and packed...We sat outside, its been warmer and our waiter was there to greet us even though he was juggling a couple tables.i suggest you Get the 4oz. Flight of Four craft beers...bam!  Yelp hooked me up with a discount since I checked in here...Sweet As!
3	Came here for Saturday brunch with some girlfriends. First off, I do love the patio area. High top tables and couches for a relaxed atmosphere. We opted for the 'endless' mimosas (and I had the Bloody Mary's) The menu was pretty much bar food...nothing great, but not bad. I had the breakfast tacos (one egg and potato, one egg and bacon and one egg and chorizo) They were not bad, but would have been better with corn tortillas or smaller flour ones because there was a LOT of tortilla for the taco! The only other thing that was irritating was the very LOUD music played by a DJ. Impossible to talk without yelling. Service was great and we enjoyed the morning. A great spot for AZ in the spring time!
3	RnR had great happy hour specials and a wide variety of craft beers on tap the only thing I didnt liked here was there margaritas which tasted like pineapple/orange juice but other than that this is a modern place to hang out.
4	This is a great place to go for your bottomless mimosas/bacon bloody marys. The employees have a great attitude for our party of 15 and always kept our mimosas topped. We had a wide variety of their breakfast menu and enjoyed the wide variety of foods offered. My top food picks would be the biscuits and gravy, bacon brussels sprouts, and breakfast burrito.
2	My friend and I wanted to go to dinner and she's been talking about this restaurant nonstop. Let's just say it was not what I expected at all. My friend arrived there before I did. Nobody acknowledged her for about 15 minutes so she ended up seating herself. After I arrived we both actually ordered our drinks and entrees at the same time. She ordered the vegetarian tacos which came with a custom soy sauce. She asked the waiter what were the ingredients which he had no knowledge of and said he would bring it on the side for her. I ordered the chicken tacos and a glass of the Irony Pinor Noir while she ordered a peach ale beer. First, it took 20 minutes for us to get our drinks. We sat by the bar so we noticed that they were just sitting on the counter for a good 10-15 minutes before we even received them. When he finally brought us our drinks, he apologized and said there was a delay because they ran out of my wine that I ordered. My friend told him that's unlikely since we've seen our glasses on the counter, FILLED for the past 20 minutes. My friend then wanted to get some tortillas on the side. Our waiter did not come back to our table so she literally walked up to the bar to order her tortillas. Not to mention she never received the custom soy sauce on the side that she requested. All in all, I was very disappointed. When i go to a restaurant there are two things that I look for . Good food and good customer service. It was a very unfortunate experience for me because I really enjoyed my food and my wine tasted remarkable. Such a disappointment for such a nice establishment with good food!
1	I've been to RnR about 4 times total, including on their opening night. Service has always been an issue - their staff seems to care a lot more about socializing and primping themselves than they do about actually waiting on their clientelle. The food is alright, I can't say that there's anything special or memorable about any of their dishes. It's just glammed up bar food - nothing that tastes any better or worse than the 10+ restaurants around Scottsdale that have the exact same concept. The breaking point for me was when I ate a chicken sandwich here one night, and came down with the most awful food poisoning that I've ever experienced. 3 days of excrutiating stomach pain and not being able to keep anything down was the straw that broke the camel's back for me about RnR - I will never return here.
2	Disclaimer, this is a review from January. I just noticed it didn't get posted.I have been here many times and never been disappointed. The food is typically better then average, service average, and prices decent. Tonight was a new experience. We were sat outside on the patio in the couch seating right after the start of Thursday night football.  Shortly after, we were asked for drinks and appetizers. Then again, in a very acceptable amount of time, our server brought our drinks and a runner brought our appetizer. So far so good. All went downhill after this. It soon became apparent that our waiter had to many tables, so he made a decision to ignore the patio. A runner brought our food out, and the server took our appetizer plate away, but left without asking if we would like our empty beers filled, let alone ever once offer a water. I decided to start eating to keep my food from getting cold, but after 15-20 more minutes without seeing him, I went to the bar to order. The bartender went and got my server. Instead of seeing us, he went to the table next to us to get their drinks. I had to get up again and follow him to the bar to order from him. Our drinks came later with no apology and our plates were cleared. I sat another 15 minutes waiting to ask for the check, but the server never came. I went and found the server, followed him to the register, and paid him on the spot. I have not been back since.
3	I stopped in to meet up with friends for brunch around 12:30 on a Saturday. I was informed over an hour wait and they would inform me via text when our table was ready. There was a DJ on the patio which was cool. As I waited I was reminded of why I am no longer in college and thrilled about it. I found it to be rather young. My friends joined me and we had a round before departing. I realized later I didn't cancel our request for a table but I never did get that text message. Oh well. Lessons learned.
3	cinco de mayo at RnR....what were we expecting? it was packed with a capital P! just when i think i've worked out enough, 50 dudes are inside wearing tank tops with gigantic biceps. and the women? damn ass cheeks hanging out everywhere!at the bar, a good 10 minutes to get drinks, meanwhile every hot chic who saunters up to the bar gets a drink right away....nothing new, but i'm getting too old for this scottsdale shenanigans. we had 1 drink each and left. loud.....can you hear me? the place is LOUD!
3	Have visited twice and just haven't been all that impressed with the service.  Food, atmosphere and ambiance are good though.
5	So if you are in Scottsdale and day party/morning party anywhere else then you are doing yourself a disservice. They have amazing/bottomless mimosas and bloody marys so it's the perfect place to go when you are hungover from your Friday or Saturday night festivities and need a drink to nurse your hangover. Their food is also pretty decent but the drinks are definitely where the money's at. Also, Saturday and Sunday mornings are happening, there's a dj and a tonnnnn of people. So, if you are trying to party before 3 pm, this is where you want to be at, trust me
2	Meh, nice patio but lackluster service if it's busy. I don't think we're cool enough to hang here, at least that's how they made us feel, and no one should feel that way as a paying customer. Not worth a return trip.
4	We came here for brunch, guess I missed the memo about it moonlighting as a nightclub. Lots of beautiful people, short skirts, and a DJ spinning fresh tunes. its a swanky spot with two floors and ample outdoor patios. Girls were bobbing and strutting their stuff at the bar, sure made me feel out of place in my cutoff jeans. Don't get me wrong, there is a chill vibe that permeates throughout, and plenty of hipster shades, shirts and flip flops gracing the premises. To top it off the food wasn't bad and they had $15 bottomless mimosas. if you go, make sure to doll up a bit and dabble on some cologne... and get ready to mingle. Go for the atmosphere, stay for the food.
4	Cool place to get some food and drinks before a Giants spring training game. We'll be back next year!!! #GoGiants
5	I was in town on vacation and stopped here.  This place is great! The service is amazing! Our server was Trevor, he did a great job and kept us entertained.  Easily the best service we had during our time in Scottsdale. We will be going back next time we are in town!
2	The place was filled with your typical Scottsdale "daddy's credit card" young adults.  We had a party of 5 (including me), but the prices were so ridiculous that we decided to order 3 meals and share them.  Two fish taco meals and a sandwich.  The tacos were about the size of a hockey puck and had no flavor and the sandwich was soggy.  Not to  mention our server was a dumb blonde who couldn't get her beverages straight to save her life because she had also been drinking.On a positive note though, great location and interesting building for a restaurant.  But,  We left and won't try it again.
5	*Review for bar only* great place to pregame for giants spring training! Do it!
4	Still think they have the best burgers in town, and wine specials.
2	Impromptu stop for a late lunch - sat outside on the patio with the busy Scottsdale Road traffic and pedestrians to watch.  It's a good thing we had some entertainment because the food was a little slow considering there were only a few people there.I had the Grilled Chicken Sandwich, which came with garlic aioli sauce, red pepper topping, and a pesto base.  it was very tasty, would order again.  I also ordered a filthy martini, which is billed as a dirty martini and blue cheese filled olives - with so much olive juice it's filthy!  Strong, but a slight disappointment as only one of three olives were actually filled with blue cheese.
3	(Lyrics - Eddie Money - Take Me Home Tonight)Take me to the RnR tonightI don't want to let you go till I have a biteTake me to the RnR tonightListen honey, just like Ronnie sang, "I'm a little tipsy...oh oh oh"I get a bruschetta plate with a glass of wineI get a hangover (fries) I hate to eat aloneI need some company, so I called my friendsTo keep me warm when the cold winds blow (out in the patio!)I can hear your bellyI say we start to order!Take me to the RnR tonightThe RnR is the only bar with an upper deck on Scottsdale Road; point is you can't miss it!  Parking can be a headache here so I would definitely recommend finding a spot in one of the lots on the East end.  The RnR is a pretty hip place.  It has that industrial feel since everything reminds me of a steel factory inside, minus the sparks and welding mask!  They generally have live music or DJ on site, which is pretty cool.  Nightly food and drink specials!  I came on a Tuesday night so it was purchase a plate of bruschetta and your bottle of wine cost $15.  Not a bad deal I guess, but I hate to just stick to wine all night.  RnR is so far the only place I notice with Beer cocktails; if you don't know look it up. Supposedly, this is a hot new thing to do.  Beer with a mix of liquor.  I myself so far am not a fan since I like my beer ... beer and my cocktails ... well you get the point.  However, I would recommend you try and let your palates do the judging.  Along with the bruschetta, we ordered some Hangover Fries, Brussel Sprouts, Ahi Tacos, and finally a burger.  We didn't think the Hangover Fries was that great, but we've had the Animal Fries before and they were much better so I would stick with that.  The Brussel Sprouts I would have them fried with the bacon; has more taste that way.  The Ahi Tacos were the highlight of the nights.  Nicely seared tuna on a jicama tortilla!  YUMMY!  I think I could eat 50 of these and be satisfied!  The burger itself was okay at best.  However, this place is definitely a burger joint since half the menu was burgers or sandwiches.  Overall, a cool experience and a hip place to hangout.  I think the live music is cool and the service was good!  If you need a place to hang, well you found one! - Enjoy!
4	I made a return trip with my family for breakfast.  The server was very attentive and the food was still fantastic.  Even better, RnR is now on local dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485) with a $30 or $15 gift certificate.  A great way to save at this Scottsdale hot spot!
4	I rarely go to a new place without "yelping" it but Bandera was closed for lunch.  So we rolled the dice to find a really great lunch. Service was excellent, atmosphere was casual and relaxed.  Half price wine on Tuesday.  Food was great.  We split Ahi Tuna tacos then a blue cheese burger.  LOVE jicama tortillas and the sweet potato tots with a hint of salty cheese on them... worth the trip!
2	Had a groupon voucher for the mint but they quit serving dinner so said it would be valid at RnR.  Decided to give it a go this past Sunday with my boyfriend and my son for lunch/brunch.   Huge error in judgment.  If you love loud music where you can't hear yrself speak and love crowds go there on a Sunday.  My only hope is that I will be able to go during the week for a 'quieter' lunch to use this groupon.  My take on this place without having eaten there - catering to the 21-30 crowd and probably not interested in being a serious restaurant (where people actually choose to go eat not just to people watch).  Looking for a good place to eat with solid service, nice atmosphere and good food - Italian grotto, 2 blocks north on scottsdale.
4	Great for happy hour!  Sweet potato tots and Ahi tacos are a must (only $5 during happy hour)!  The patio was great, the service was okay but it was happy hour so that's somewhat expected.
4	Come here if you are ready to par-Tay!!! Music is too loud.
3	If you're coming for any reason other than bottomless mimosas/blood marys, you are a fool. When RnR opened up and offered the bottomless drinks with brunch it seemed like everywhere in old town followed suit (no complaints). It's best to come here with the intention of day drinking or when you had a late night the night before and you're looking for some shampoo effect action. I don't think the food is really very good at all (hence the 3 stars), but I look past it for the mimosas. Some servers are really good about filling up the bottomless drinks a lot and some aren't, in which case you just have to remind them, or chug every time they come to your table. Staff has always been really friendly when I've gone. Advice though...if you're not feeling like getting your drink on at breakfast, you're gonna hate yourself for going, hate all of your friends, and never want to go back (at least that's what I hear). Get here as early as you can though, or else you will be waiting a while and the clock will be ticking for the bottomless mimosa cut off. I've had a lot of fun times here. Bottom Line: You're gonna be drunk, it's gonna be loud, and hopefully you didn't make any plans for productivity the rest of the day.
1	I was excited to come back to RnR since I haven't been in a few months. I was very disappointed by the food, the service seemed meh, and the DJ's music selection was all over the place (could be a good thing) but he chose all of the bad songs from their respective genre. I had the vanilla bean pancakes and they were dry and tasted a little like the bread you get at church. My friends had the green chili pulled pork tacos and pulled pork platter which they found to be very bland. There are many places you can go for brunch, this has sadly fallen to the bottom of my list.
3	Decent food (for bar food) Service was slow. Waiter more interested in talking to staff rather than checking up on us or getting us more drinks. Not too big of a deal.Would probably go back but its average but better than some of the awful food at some sports bars in the Valley.  Nice atmosphere.
3	I went with my sister and friend and gave it a try on a Tuesday night. We got the shrimp taco, chicken taco and the BLT and avocado sandwich. My shrimp taco was amazing , the chicken taco is crazy spicy couldn't eat anything .Also, the sandwich was a bit dry. However, the service was nice and there was live music so made up with the 3 stars and half.
4	Wait, wait, WAIT! I have not reviewed this awesome spot in Scottsdale, AZ? Somebody check my pulse....PLEASE.Who wants:- Bottomless Mimosas or Bloody Marys for 10.00? I stuck with the Mimosas cause they just kept coming...- Great selection of grub for brunch that is served till 2pm?I grubbed on Pulled pork Tacos, scrambled eggs, green chilies, pepper jack cheeseand on the Buttermilk biscuits Spice sausage, roasted green chile gravy (I'm getting hungry)- Great music?Eating, Dancing, Eating, Dancing...One of my FAVORITES when in Scottsdale! They also have a great selection of wine! I am sure in need of some R&R! When's the next flight... SFO-PHX
3	Upstairs was closed on Monday, so wasn't able to check it out. Just let us walk up there at least, shouldn't be a big deal. Only had one happy hour drink, but got a Ble Moon for 3 bucks and staff was nice and even one patron was nice, offering me his leftovers of his HH food...I passed. The TV's at the bar were large and I enjoyed the baseball game at the bar before moving on to the next bar. I would not brave the weekend crowds though, unless your one of "that" crowd, but 5pm on  Monday was an excellent time to sample things out.
1	Yep... One star! This place is a doozy. I will never come back. The girls and I decided to get together on a Sunday for happy hour. We wanted to go somewhere a little different than our usual, but in the same general area. I thought of this place because a friend of mine used to work there. So we looked on their website to see what time happy hour was. They had one at the right time so we decided to check it out. We were nicely received, however when our server came to our table she seemed like she was annoyed that she had to help us. We asked what was on the happy hour menu; her response, "it's Sunday, we don't have happy hour." We mentioned that the website said they did, her response "it's wrong." No sorry about that or anything. So despite the let down on happy hour we decided to go ahead and order. When the food got there we were missing my friends pretzel bites.... No explanation. Our server didn't even check on us and we had to flag someone down to ask about her food about 10 minutes later. It really is a shame the service was so awful, because the food and atmosphere are awesome!! Guess a lot has changed since my friend worked there. We won't be back.
4	Bottomless Bloody Marys every weekend? Yes sir, I'll have another!
4	This place is unbelievable IF: you are there for a bachelor/bachelorette party, out with friends for a crazy brunch, or love mimosas/bloody marys/music.  If you want a low key brunch- this is not the spot for you.  We absolutely loved it- but we were there with 6 girls who wanted more atmosphere than good food for a bachelorette party.  Music is very very loud- so not the spot to sit and chat.  AND it was a Sunday. Bottomless mimosas are unbelievable.  My food was great- but one girl didn't like her saladOnly suggestion for this bar would be to get some slightly friendlier staff- that would have made the experience awesome.. but our waiter sucked.
2	We had the angus sliders, grilled cheese sandwich and buffalo chicken sandwich.  They all came with bacon on them - good quality and thick sliced but overcooked.  We drowned the sliders with ketchup to try to get some moisture and seasoning into them..  the buffalo chicken sandwich was ok, but sloppy and somehow bland as well.  The grilled cheese had 2 very mild cheeses in it so again pretty mild.  The sweet potato tots and the regular fries were both underdone and not crispy at all, and someone forgot to sprinkle some salt on these.So somehow we ended up with a very bland meal that had a lot of salt (probably from the bacon).  Not a fan at all of the food!!  Maybe its just a place for drinking?
3	Food and service was great, however, the techno music really took away from a four star review.  Don't get me wrong, that kind of music has a place at the dance clubs, but not while I am trying to enjoy the game, and the company of my friends.
2	Service with a side of attitude! 20 minutes to get a beer, 40 min to get a burger. What a shame because the food is delicious but the service is absolutely horrendous.
4	OH MY GOD. How I never found this place until a couple weekends ago baffles me, since I'm always in Scottsdale on Sundays for none other than Sunday Funday... needless to say, Sunday Funday will never again be complete without this snazzy joint. The cure to a hangover is to drink some more (yessssss) so get your lazy ass outta bed and COME HERE! For $16, you can get ALL the bloody marys and mimosas you want. Yes, you read that right.Not that I heard anything else from the gorgeous bartender after that $16 deal, but the recommendations for food came out PERFECT. I added a picture of how it turned out (don't mind my still-very-drunk-face) so prepare to droooooooool. There's also a DJ outside, two floors, lots and lots of beautiful people... and smiley faces everywhere (probably because everyone's trashed). See you Sundayyyyy! :D
5	Located in old town Scottsdale, stumbled on this place after a San Francisco Giants game. Place is amazing, incredible beer selection on tab, great choices of craft beers. The food selection goes hand in hand with the ambiance, definitely order the animal fries, they speak for themselves. It's a place to visit of in old town Scottsdale. Service and staff is beyond incredible.
4	Went again for lunch today and it was good again. I ordered the same Bacon Brussels burger and it was actually better this time as they didn't over cook it. We sat outside and it was very nice!
5	Really good, and fantastic service. Best meal we had on our trip!!The protein pancakes are AWESOME, as are the animal fries and chicken tacos. Highly recommended!
3	I was in Arizona for work, and had Sunday free, so I met with some local friends for lunch at this spot. On the smaller side, but has some booths/tables and a large bar downstairs, and a nice little upstairs area with a small bar. They were busy, because football was on, and there was a wait for tables when we arrived. We put our name down and headed to the bar to grab a drink while we waited.They offer a nice all you can drink special for $15. It includes bloody mary's and mimosas. If you like either of these options this is a great deal. About 45 min in we were seated and offered menus. Service was a bit slow, but our waiter was very nice.For lunch we actually claimed a yelp special which was four flights of beer and some of there dirty chips, which was basically chips with hot sauce, blue cheese, bacon, and I believe ranch. They were awesome to say the least haha. Aside from this we also got a couple of hamburgers and the chicken lollipops. Everything was good, however one of my friends orders came out incorrect. We sent it back, and ended up waiting so long for it to come back out we tried to cancel it. They ended up putting it in a to go box for us to take.Overall not a bad little spot. I would probably give it another shot in the future, maybe on a slower day.
2	Sunday football brunch was packed. Pulled pork hash with eggs was pretty good, but the highlight was the $15 bottomless Bloody Mary (had a bunch). Lowlight was definitely the ghost waiter who never visited after taking our order unless we got another server to ask him or got up to look for him.
4	10/01/13Came in to use a Local Dines certificate expiring tonight.  It being a Tuesday, I could've taken advantage of their bruschettas, cheese and charcuterie plates, and beverage specials (wine and other beverages) offered on Tuesdays and Wednesdays from 7p to close, but since I had a discounted certificate, I had to postpone trying these out until another time.  Instead, I decided to check out a couple of RnR's burgers and a pint of Angry Orchard cider ($6).  The cider was served very cold (perfect after I slipped a koozie on the glass) and tasted "mah-velous, absolutely mah-velous!"Server Sibby/Siby was friendly and upbeat, as well as patient with all my questions regarding the food and beverage menus, as well as a few concerns I had regarding ingredients on a few dessert items.  Not once did she make me feel like I was a burden.  I wouldn't hesitate to ask to be seated at her tables!Not only was Sibby a delight to have as a server, but she was also a great help in steering me towards the right direction when I asked her which of the two was better, sweet potato fries or tots (she said tots; I asked if I could go half-and-half, and she said yes) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rnr-scottsdale?select=8z6nhnprgC3psPCRuAiH-Q#8z6nhnprgC3psPCRuAiH-Q, as well as my checking out the Bacon Brussels Burger, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rnr-scottsdale?select=46gN0ZHqMW8--oYt-Y5I_w#46gN0ZHqMW8--oYt-Y5I_w which would still taste great without the raspberry demi glace (which contained cornstarch, an ingredient I'm allergic to).  This burger tasted wonderful!  Made with jarlsberg cheese, applewood bacon, fried Brussels sprouts, onion jam, and a pretzel bun, this burger was definitely sweeter in flavor (due to the toastiness of the sprouts, as well as the addition of the onion jam- heaven!) and made for an agreeable contrast after the few bites I had of the Southwest Burger.  The salty (but in a good way!), pleasing number consisted of pepperjack cheese, chopped green chiles, smoked bacon, crispy onion straws, and a garlic aioli, nestled in a challah bun.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rnr-scottsdale?select=sWWUYOIEaqrmxOe2hqpzfg#sWWUYOIEaqrmxOe2hqpzfg  I had to opt out of the guacamole, but I didn't think it suffered from its absence.  As for the parmesan fries that came with the second burger, I didn't care much for them, because one, they weren't very flavorful, despite the addition of the parmesan, and two, the presentation wasn't as nice as it could've been, and had they tasted great, the presentation would not have mattered.  Next time, I'm going with lots and lots of sweet potato tots!
3	RnR might be a Scottsdale thing to do or place to be at night, but when I met someone for lunch on a Monday, the place was almost empty.  I asked the waitress how many tacos I would get for $10 and she told me three. She also told me they would be hard shelled.  Two, already made, hardly filled soft tacos arrived with a small dish of guacamole and salsa. I find $10 for two small tacos extremely over-priced for lunch, especially since the waitress told me I would get three for that price. Another employee told me it's always two soft tacos and told me the waitress was new. Did he offer to give me another taco? No. For his lack of customer service after dissing the waitress, RnR gets a three star rating from the Costume Diva.
3	Good food, slightly pricey for the type of casual restaurant. Burger are good. Loud w/ DJ on Sunday's.
3	First time at RnR, met my daughter for lunch. She had been there before so she ordered the Brussels Burger. I went for the Bacon Bleu Burger with Brussels sprouts on the side. Lunch took about 15 minutes to arrive which was surprising with only about 20 folks in the place. My 'medium' burger was definitely well done, as there was zero pink in the middle. The burger comes on a pretzel bun but with no condiments so it needed mayo, which took another 7 minutes. The burger itself was tasty. Decent size but $13 was a bit steep. The sprouts were nicely Caramelized and had Caramelized onions and bacon. Good stuff there. My daughters burger was also over cooked ($15). All in all, they could've done better but I'll try it again.
5	I was in Scottsdale back in May for my nephew's graduation from ASU and we went to R & R for lunch and I had the ahi tuna tacos, OMG!  They're delicious and the presentation was just awesome!  We had a wonderful lunch, service was great.  When I came back home to California I google to see if we had a R & R restaurant here in California and sadly we don't.  I'm going to have to make a trip to Scottsdale to eat some ahi tuna tacos.
5	UPDATE as of 1/1/14:This place has gone from 4 stars to 5, and it deserves it.The service is fantastic, especially the last time I went for bottomless mimosas.Big shoutout to Mike.  Great server.The patio is amazing for people watching.  Couches, tables, and room to stand/drink.The food is delicious. Try the Animal Fries and the Pulled Pork Hash.  The drinks are ridiculously good.  I can't get over how good of a deal the bottomless mimosas are.  The DJ is awesome and it feels like every time you take a sip of mimosa, it's full again.  That's the recipe for a perfect Sunday Funday.Bring your party pants, and get there early.See ya next time!
2	can someone do something about the flys in this place, also service sucks
4	If you're looking for Sunday funday, no one does it like this place. A dj spinning from the early AM, bottomless mimosas all around and plenty of flat screens so you don't miss ANY of your fantasy football players at any moment.     This place is loud, rambunctious and you should be prepared to be around a lot of day drunk partiers---which can be a blast if you're in the right mood. Seating is spacious and their patio is nice, but at such a club-like place, the bonus is that their food is actually good. They have a sundried tomato and goat cheese scramble that I've tried to veer away from but am too in love with. Their protein pancakes with apple butter are great for the health conscious types (or those regretting their weekend shenanigans). The wait here can get long, but if they have their platter of gummy bears on hand, it can make the hungover hunger a little more manageable. In the long run, this is a fun place to check out, even if it's just once!
4	Great place to visit on a sunny afternoon!!  Bottomless bloody Mary's & Mimosas are something I can definitely get involved in.  Great food & great service!!  Can't wait to get back here during Spring Training.
4	Thanks to Living Social, we found the place.  With all of the options for dining in Old Town, we wouldn't have found this place without the deal.  It's a nice bar/sports bar type feel with well appointed patio seating.  We sat outside all 4 times we came here because the weather was perfect.Here's what we ordered:Bottle of Santa Martina Red Blend, $26http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rnr-scottsdale?select=nsNAAMUY7sNq9bOgScB93A#nsNAAMUY7sNq9bOgScB93ARnR Sliders, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rnr-scottsdale?select=hXj4aoapioaosLF-qZXPkg#hXj4aoapioaosLF-qZXPkgBacon Brussels Burger, $15http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rnr-scottsdale?select=c_cVWHczMxL8ESy1gLCkkw#c_cVWHczMxL8ESy1gLCkkwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rnr-scottsdale?select=KowEFn_SZfJzcZK6Za1QWQ#KowEFn_SZfJzcZK6Za1QWQSouthwest Burger, $13http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rnr-scottsdale?select=5G_nZ1dHbeWQzBRE0CBclg#5G_nZ1dHbeWQzBRE0CBclgBleu Cheese Burger, $13Animal FriesHangover FriesNachos, $10http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rnr-scottsdale?select=hQTl2WZOQXTKtP_KjXoW2A#hQTl2WZOQXTKtP_KjXoW2AThe Burgers here are really good.  Out of all of them, my favorite was the Southwest Burger...very good and juicy.The Nachos were above average.  They use a healthy dose of Queso Cheese and it's pretty good.The Animal Fries is nothing like the In-n-Out version....it's a huge pile of BBQ Pork on top of the Fries....very good and can easily feed 3 people.The Hangover Fries was very unique....a little Egg on top of Cheesy Fries...yum!The food here was the highlight because the service here is not that good.  During all 4 visits we had issues with slow service.  During one visit, we were seated at our table and it took 15 minutes before anyone came over to get our drink order....we were very close to leaving.  Because it's not easy to park and get here, it would've been a hassle to leave and go somewhere else, so we stuck around.  If they can improve their service, they'll have a good chance to make this a special spot in my mind.Some other random notes/tips:- There's an ATM in the back near the Men's restroom if you need cash.  It's kind of an odd spot for it.- Parking sucks, especially when there's a farmers market down there....they close off the parking structure in the back for the market so you're left to find street parking or park around the corner in one of the healthcare lots, which you're not supposed to do.- There's plenty of TV's and this place is an awesome spot to watch sports.- I really like the music they play here.  The nights we were there, they played upbeat house music....love it.Overall, I'd rate this place 3.5 Stars but rounding up to 4 because I think it has so much potential.  If the service continues to suck, I'll have to drop it.Return Factor - 80%
4	My wife and I met another couple on a Saturday to watch a football game. We only ordered appetizers and drinks, but we enjoyed what we got. The atmosphere was great, but our server wasn't too engaging and we had to ask a couple times for another round.
4	I love RNR. The bottomless mimosas are always great on a lazy Sunday-Funday. Most of the food I've had there has been really good and the service is pretty quick too. My advice is to arrive early on Sunday, like before 11am. Afterward it gets super busy. Also you can alternate between mimosas and bloody Mary's for bottomless.
3	Came here for the first time today for brunch. We sat on the patio at one of the lounge tables with the couches. Those made for a very relaxing atmosphere. I ordered the BYO omelette. I thought it was a steal for $10 because it came with potatoes and toast. The omelette and potatoes were good, but the toast was extremely stale. Service was a little disappointing. Everyone at the table finished their water before we got our food and the server never refilled them or ever came back after our food came so we could ask. I would return hoping for better toast and service.
5	The reverse happy hour is the best we got half off our meal.  Not just the starters.    We then had s salted Carmel martini...this us a must have....  They make the best.
4	They have Reverse Happy Hour from 10pm to midnight on Fridays. We got half off our meal, beer, and margaritas! Be careful: it doesn't apply to all beverages. I ordered a beergarita (beer + margarita), which was not half off.I had the Bacon Brussels Burger, their award winning signature item. It was awesome! Thick cut bacon, medium cooked burger, all in a pretzel bread bun; so savory! I couldn't taste the brussels sprouts. But the pretzel bread, I could eat that by itself! For my side, I had parmesan fries, which were just as good. The margaritas are great, especially at half off which was about $4. I wouldn't pay $8 for them; too small a glass for that price. Service was fast and friendly. Overall an excellent experience!
1	Ok....we came on a Saturday afternoon from the Scottsdale Farmers Market.  We drive by RNR after the market each Saturday and decided to pop in.  I was excited to see they had a mimosa special that Saturday afternoon.  The hostess was very nice asked where we wanted to be seated as the inside was pretty full but it was pretty chilly outside and she could not find us seating for 4 with a heater that was working.  The upstairs was closed but we did see people seating up there.....so we waited.  She was ready to seat us and a foursome decided it was too cold outside and they took our seat inside.  The hostess told us to wait, but we left.  I couldn't wait to take my brother here as he is a chef in the Cape Cod area and read some of the Yelps reviews so I thought this would be a great place to lunch after the farmers market.  Anyhow, you don't let customers leave you make it happen especially when you have all of upstairs open.  This place will never know how much we spend here on lunch for 4 or the review it could of been.
3	I am way torn about this place so I'll split it up into pros and cons. Pros: Nice serverGood happy hour!Food was fastCons: Our server was nice but wayy wayyyyy slow. Very loud. I'm young and I appreciate a fun noisy restaurant but this was way louder than it should be...The food was just okay...we had animal fries for an appetizer which were good, I had tacos which were NOT worth full price (I got them for $5 because of happy hour but would have never paid full price, they were tiny and weird lol) and my boyfriend had a sonoran hot dog which he said was just okay. In short, it wasn't my favorite restaurant in the world and I probably wouldn't go back BUT if you're out looking for a good happy hour and a fun atmosphere with friends check it out!
4	Cool atmosphere= great patio! Breakfast and mimosa's are great too! Some times you dont see your server for extended periods.
4	Got to love the bottomless mimosas and live DJ for Sunday funday! The service is friendly but maybe a bit short staffed for some Sundays. It's the only day of the week I've been there, but it's always packed with a true party atmosphere.
2	Usually I have a really good experience here and thats why they are getting 1 more star today than they deserved for my last visit ok wait I have to take the extra star back the more I think about it so forget it this experience was a 2 star!  Thankfully I had the all you can drink mimosa which helped to make the experience much more tolerable however it was very difficult flagging someone down for a refill so that was not too fun.  I ordered the potato and egg taco.  The waitress said do you want bacon I said sure thinking it would be on the side she brought me 3 plain tacos with eggs and a slice of bacon in it.  It was not good but I ate one cuz I was hungry.  She asked what was wrong and I said its not what I ordered its not the potato egg taco she said oh ok well I charged you for the one you half ass ate.  O.K. whatev
5	Only went here for brunch on Sundays but it was awesome.  Bottomless mimosas great for chasing Saturday night's residuals.  Food is really good too, hard to find a party atmosphere like this on Sunday mornings to keep the weekend rolling.  Miss this place.
3	RNR has established itself as "Sunday Funday" headquarters in AZ.  For me it's pretty much a one trick pony, and that trick is their Bottomless Mimosa special every weekend. It's $15 for all you can drink mimosas from open till 3pm. The mimosa special is where they earn all of their stars from me. This makes RNR the best place to day drink on the weekends because where else can you get inebriated for hours on end for under $20?Since this is technically a restaurant I should address the food, simply put, it's good. Not good enough for me to come here for the sole purpose of eating but certainly good enough to enjoy while you partake in an all afternoon mimosa binge. Some memorable items are the hangover fries and their MASSIVE cinnamon roll. Why only 3 stars you ask? That has everything to do with their service. I come here frequently, and every time the service is Slow Slow Slow. At times it defeats the purpose of having bottomless mimosas if you have to wait 15 mins every time for a refill.  Some weekends I don't come because the service is a deterrent, other weekends the idea of spending my Sunday with friends consuming endless flutes of cheap "champagne" and orange juice is too good to resist.
5	Came here for the first time with some friends visiting town last Sunday and let me tell you, we had a great time! The mimosas were great and the brunch food was amazing,  especially the American Platter. Waitresses were very nice and helpful,  definitely the spot to be for Sunday Funday.
4	Cool place. We just stopped in for some drinks to kill time before dinner. I'm sure the 200 plus reviews already summed it up so I'll just say it's worth stopping in at. The food looked great.
4	RnR is such a fun place to get your brunch on because the music is loud, the food comes out quickly, and on Saturday and Sunday they offer $15 bottomless mimosas. Also, the space is very appealing. I love their outdoor patio on the first floor, and how roomy the interior is. I had never been upstairs until my most recent visit, but that is a good place to sit if your group wants to be a little more private. I'm giving a fourth star because my server, Cassie, was awesome. She made sure that everyone in my group always had a full mimosa, and took great care of us by starting individual tabs for everyone so that we could move around the table and restaurant easily. I'd never had a waitress take our credit cards at the beginning of the meal, but it made so much sense after our group was on mimosa #5 and we were running downstairs to request songs from the DJ and mingle with our friends sitting at tables on the first floor.
4	RnR has a great brunch during the weekends. I came here with a big group and we were all impressed by the party atmosphere, paired with efficient service. There's a great deal on bottomless mimosas, and our server, Cassie (who was phenomenal) kept our glasses filled. They give you a wristband for the mimosas, so you can float around the restaurant, and can get a new drink wherever you are. The dj was great, and I appreciated that he took requests and played them quickly. I would definitely come back here for brunch when I'm up in Scottsdale.
3	The South West Chicken Salad is great. I'm never crazy about paying $14/$15 for a salad, but you know I really enjoyed it so no problem....but paying $20 for delivery in Old Town?  That's highway robbery.
4	Pretty good food and fun atmosphere. Yo Yo
5	The service was excellent!! The staff was very friendly and the food was great. The staff looked well organized and efficient and management seemed to be helping  everyone out. Great team work and an awesome environment.  Definitely try there award wining bacon brussels burger. Great spring training spot awesome drinks and a great happy hour! will definitely come back! :)
1	Came in today at 10:50am. The girl at the front said it would be 30-50 minute wait for our party of 3. We agreed to wait. She took our phone number and we waited.At 11:45 we checked back in, she said it would be about another 30 minutes. It is now 12:53 and still haven't received a call. Dear RNR, get it together. There's plenty of open tables.
1	Went yesterday for brunch, it was a 30-45 min wait (even though the bottom floor was nearly empty). The actual wait ended up being about 20 minutes. We got our drinks right away, can't beat a $15 bottomless mimosa special. But my friend had to hunt someone down more than once to refill her coffee/water. The server took our order right away but after 35 minutes we were wondering where our food was. He forgot to put in the order & we ended up waiting another 15 minutes. By the time our food came it was cold (French toast & breakfast sandwich). The food wasn't that great, but it also wasn't too pricey...definitely not worth the long wait & feeling completely ignored. Oh and someone dropped a plate with meat while clearing a table behind us. Glass & food was all over the floor for about 20 minutes, even though members of the staff were walking over the plate to get back inside. Won't be coming back or recommending to friends.
3	MUST HAVE A RESERVATION for brunch. Or plan on waiting around a good part of your morning to be seated. Would be ok if you are taking advantage of the bottomless drinks. The place is on the side of the street where you are not getting hammered in sun even if you sit on any of the out door seating! So a prime spot for the heat of the summer. Pricing was so-so. To take advantage of the $15 bottomless drinks you must each have a full entree. So out check before tip was $70.
2	The atmosphere is great. I went in on a Wednesday night and while everything else in Old Town was shutting down it was open and pretty busy.  You can sit outside and even inside is pretty open which I liked. Servers are really nice too.The reason I gave it two stars is because I ordered the Bruschetta. It was disgusting. Not only did it taste bad and the cheese taste old but it was oily. Made me sick for the next 12 hours. Burgers looked good though but I didn't have a chance to try it.
5	I love this place. The food is really good and the bottomless bloodies and mimosas on the weekends is one of the most fun things you can do in town. The patrons and the staff are always super hot, the vibe is young and fun, and the music is always great. This is not some place I'd take my parents, but personally that's is what I like about it. I give it 5 stars because I've never had a bad time here
1	Was ok hanging out until the kitchen staff came on their break to hang out at the bar and all blow smoke in our faces while we were trying to eat. Not the kind of place I would be back to but if that's your thing enjoy!  I will say the 2nd floor bar is great but oh yea they close it at 4pm for some reason and move everyone into the overcrowded downstairs.
3	This place has a huge rep for Sunday Funday and bottomless mimosas. However, I think it depends on who you are, who you are with, and what you expect to determine what kind of time you will have. This place is LOUD and full of fist pumping. I think the focus is more on drinks than food (either get there early to eat or eat before you get there). The TVs are ample and the patio is pretty sick. Want to avoid some of the crowds, head upstairs to the second patio or look down into the crowd from the "overlook". We headed outside to the makeshift bar since it wasn't crowded and it had corn hole ripe for the playing. The bartenders were friendly enough. We had a couple of drinks and headed out.I couldn't see myself there all day for Sunday Funday, but I would totally come back for drinks and sporting event/days.
5	What a great place.  The service was outstanding. The food was original. We had the Ahi Tacos with Hicama  shells.  Very original. The Ahi was fresh.  The happy hour menu was good and atmosphere was nice.  Highly recommend checking it out.  Will be back for sure
5	Love this place! Came here while out here for Giants spring training, . Great HH, must have their margaritas. Don't be surprised by the small glass because they do their job. Ordered the sliders, dirty fries (wish I got a pic of it! it's topped with 2 eggs), jalapeno mac n cheese, and their gigantic cinnamon roll that the 3 of us didn't even finish. It was more of a spur of the drunk moment order.This place is a must if you're in the area. Definitely going back on future trips!
1	We arrived at 10:30 and the place was nearly empty, but we were still told there would be a 45 min wait. Okay fine. Maybe they have reservations. We ended up finding some seating at the bar since we only had two in our party. First of all, as a bartender, I can say that the attitudes weren't bad per se. It just seemed like they couldn't be bothered to do their job. I get it. You work at the busiest place in the area for brunch. Poor you for making hundreds of dollars in a weekend. The least you can do is smile. We ordered bottomless mimosas, but were informed that the price depended on whether or not we also got food. The first two rounds of drinks were decent. After that, they started adding more orange juice. And as the place got busier, our drinks got weaker. We ordered food and sat around for a bit, chatting and catching up with each other as the place filled to capacity. When I finished my fourth mimosa, I noticed one of the bartenders filling one of the mimosa pitchers with something from the bar gun. I placed my hand over my glass and asked what exactly was being added to the simplest of drinks. Soda water. Half he pitcher was soda water. A quarter was orange juice and the last quarter was champagne. So if you're looking to sip some bubbly and get a nice buzz on a Sunday, I'd say this isn't the place. Just okay food doesn't make up for the watered down drinks, apathetic attitudes and longer than necessary wait times. I predict this place won't last long.
5	Nice open and airy place. Good music mix and friendly staff. Food is great. Ahi tacos are a must, the best I've ever tried. House margarita is really food for a house.
3	"WHAT?!" "I CAN'T HEAR YOU!" This would be a great place to take someone you don't want to talk to/ have a hard time talking with.
4	They don't have places like this is in San Diego. Good food, good drinks, good music, and a great party scene. 4 stars because had to wait an hour for my group to be seated. But there is a reason this place is packed all the time.. It is good!!
3	You take the good, you take the bad, you take them both, and there you have...a 3 star review. RnR isn't overall mediocre. There's good aspects, and not good aspects, and that's why I'm giving it an A-OK review. I've been wanting to stop in RnR since I moved back to AZ. I had heard it was a good HH & brunch spot so a group of us stopped in the morning after a pretty debauchorous Friday night. From what I understand this place is always crowded for weekend brunch, but I should point out this was the morning of Pat's Run in Tempe so this place was PACKED.Here's what I liked:  The atmosphere & $10 all you can drink mimosas. I just moved back to AZ about a year ago from San Francisco and this place kind of reminded me of a lot of places there. It's hard to find weekend brunch spots in Scottsdale/Phoenix that do all you can drink mimosas (there's a lot of places that offer deals of some sort, but not all you drink), so I'm glad RnR does it. I like the layout of RnR. Both the patio & inside are nice, and I like the huge tables for big groups. There's a shade that can be pulled down to separate the inside and outside or it can be left open, which gives the place a roomier feel. Here's what I didn't like:The food & the DJ playing at 10 am. I ordered a breakfast sandwich on a biscuit and it really wasn't all that good. The sausage tasted like it was a frozen patty heated up in the microwave and the eggs were really overcooked. This biscuit it was served on was really good, though. It also came w/a side of potatoes that were kind of cold. As far as the DJ in the morning...I mean, I don't mind that this place was crowded, but I don't wanna feel like I'm at a club when the sun is out. Granted, after a couple glasses of champagne things were more bearable (okay, maybe even fun with some of the older hip-hop being played), but at the end of the day I could have done without the loud music in the morning. For how crowded RnR was  I thought the service was good. We waited MUCH longer than we were told for a table (and we were already told a very long time), but like I said it was REALLY crowded due to Pat Run's so giving people wait times was probably a total crapshoot. I still want to try RnR for happy hour. And honestly, despite that not-so-good food and loud music I'd probably come back for brunch as long they're serving up $10 all you drink mimosas.
5	If a place has awesome wings, a great beer selection, and friendly staff, you're going to get 5 stars from me.  RnR is no exception.  When going to a new restaurant, I like to ask the staff what they recommend.  Our waitress had plenty to say and recommend, and never rushed us to make a choice.  The wings are absolutely awesome, as is their mac-n-cheese.On top of all of this, the decor is really well done, and they have a ton of TVs setup, so if you're looking for a place to watch the game, this would definitely work.  I really dig the friendly vibe, which is somewhat... lacking... in Scottsdale. :)All in all, great place.  Probably my favorite in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	Saturday Fun Day! I had an amazing bottomless mimosa brunch here with my friends and had the breakfast tacos- so yummy and the home fries were great. Our server was fabulous and kept coming around until 3 mimosa refills- what a saint! I love RnR- on the weekends it has a clublike feel for brunch.
4	Been here about 4 times now. Great atmosphere here!Great food and killer set up! Friendly staff and great music.Reason for a loss of star??? Last time I went here, one of the waiters or male employees was walking around with pink eye! C'MON MAN! Send the dude home!
1	Flat water down (!) beer, old soggy fries and cold food, sticky (!) table and rude waiter. Apparently not a good night.............Stay away and try better local places than this dump.
3	I had the biscuits and gravy which had a lot flavor. Biscuits where homemade and the sausage gravy had lots of spices. Very nice sports bar with lots of tv's, you can have a conversation since the music isn't that loud, and friendly staff. The also have drink and brunch special for the weekend .
2	Maybe I'm getting too old to enjoy loud music - so loud you're basically yelling at the person sitting next to you - at 10 AM on a Saturday, but RnR wasn't for me. I feel like it's trying too hard to push for an experience that resonates of amazing, crazy, youthful, full of party animals, and outrageous, but it ends up feeling cheesy, forced, and a little more on the unpleasant side.The menu is big, and drinks range from reasonably priced to whaaat? NO! There are some good bottomless brunch cocktail specials on the weekend. I didn't try the food so I can't really comment.After having one round, we left. I think given the right mindset (and time of day), RnR could be fun, but it'll be a good while before I give it another go.
4	What can I say about RnR? It's every 20-27 year olds dream for a way to unwind on the weekend. $15 dollar bottomless mimosas on weekends between 10AM and 3PM- its definitely a steal. The music is amazing (live DJ) - they put on whatever you want on TV and its just a good place to go with a few friends or a big group. You'll see people wearing Sunday Funday tanks and it really takes on the persona of Scottsdale on a weekend. The food could get better though- the selection is good, the execution is poor. Place is for day raging only- not really good at night
5	The bacon Bloody Mary is spectacular! Both the mix and garnish are great, but the bacon is pure smokey deliciousness! On sat and sun from 10a - 3p, they are bottomless for $15! And that includes mimosas too! Both or either! Add in a flight of three different breakfast tacos (or four like I did by adding a single green chills pulled pork breakfast taco) and I'm on my way to another wasted day! Sitting at the upstairs bar you can enjoy a killer breeze!
4	Although the music was a little on the loud side, this is a fun, casual hangout.  We didn't have any appetizers or food but I caught a glimpse of someone's order of nacho style kettle chips & they looked delicious!  I had a strawberry frozen margarita & it was very refreshing. Most of the people were college aged which was expected considering the location.  I would recommend stopping by with friends.  Not a date type of environment.
3	Big and Open, Tall and Long tables, lots of tv screens for sports people.  Seems like a great sports-type bar, and I like the idea of the $10 mega-mimosa weekends.They have a photo machine, which is fun, especially after a few cocktails.  The food was average, but I know a couple people that love their burgers. We shared some apps which were average.  they have 1/2 price wince by the bottle for happy hour, which was nice.  we also shared the Ahi Tacos, and those were "meh".  probablywould stick with the burgers n sandwiches if I were to return.
4	Oh my Ahi Tacos!!! They were OH SO Delicious!! They had the right textures and flavors going on, and at first these tacos seem tiny, but they are such joy and goodness that even that small of a portion is packed of greatness!! It settles so well!! :) The service was great!! We had two very lovely ladies help us, on what seemed to be a busy Wednesday afternoon/ Happy Hour. Our server was genuinely suggestive and sweet! The four stars is just due to the surplus of employees that were just wondering around our tables, (mostly guys) that looked over and walked around looking bored kinda distracting when your having a conversation and enjoying food! Other than that, this place is great!!
1	Went here last Sunday, what a horrible experience. There were four tables of two, two people at the bar, and a table of about eight near the back. We were sat down immediately but didn't see a server for about ten minutes. The hostess actually came up and apologized saying the staff was busy (I counted at least 6 servers working, one person per table would have been possible with the staff vs. patron ratio but I digress) and asked if she could get us waters and pass along the word for drinks. I asked for a beergarita, my girlfriend asked for a cider and fireball drink. The hostess returned and apologized saying they were out of the "mix" for the cider and fireball. (What mix? It's cider, and Fireball whiskey. But I can't fault her, she was very nice and overly apologetic, and it's not her job to know the menu. I was actually impressed she took the initiative to help out!) She then ordered a beergarita as well. About ten minutes later our drinks arrived and waiter said "I'm sorry, the margaritas are supposed to be frozen but our machine broke so I brought them on the rocks." Both of us looked at each other a bit stunned that they didn't tell us that our drink would be changed but didn't complain. We drank the drinks (which were not good at all..basically very limey flat beer), and were ignored for about 10 more minutes AFTER being finished with our beverages. The table behind us went to the bar on two separate occasions to complain that there was no service to speak of anywhere, even though we could see the servers on the other side of the restaurant strolling about. I dropped my card on the table and when the server finally came back I asked to be cashed out and he said "oh, do you want me to get you another round first?" we said no, we just wanted to leave. So he returned fairly quickly with the bill and said "are you sure you don't want to stay a bit longer, I'm sorry about the wait, maybe I can do something for your next round of drinks." A valiant effort to try and dig out of an overall bad experience, but if he had recognized that the service/drinks were so bad, why didn't he mention trying to make it up to us BEFORE running the card? Or discounting the already served drinks?Anyway, I live within walking distance and I will never have any issues walking by to any of the much better establishments in the area.
4	Food is killer finger licking deliciousservice is goodthey have live musicgreat beer choicea must
5	My boyfriend loves the craft beers they carry here, that's what constantly brings him back here. I'm not much of a beer drinker but they make great margaritas.Had a great server my most recent time here. His name was Andrew and he was super adorable, nice, and helpful! Whenever I go back I will absolutely ask for him.It definitely is an awesome place for a casual hangout with a small group of friends to have a few drinks and have some awesome snacks! Although I am on a diet... I'm still OBSESSED with their mac and cheese :)
4	I really enjoy the vibe this place gives off.  Tere are tons of TVs that'll satisfy a sports nut like myself.  Amazing beer selection.  My only complaint is the price of sliders here, I didn't think they should cost that much.
4	Stopped in at noon on Sunday. We'd always driven by the place and saw the packed tables and decided to stop for a cocktail. Beyond being the oldest person in the place, we still managed to have a good time. All you can drink mimosas and a rock star waitress named Tia made the stop worthwhile. Not for those seeking a quiet conversation but a great place to watch all the trendy wanabee's work their mating ritual!
4	great mac and cheese the place really gets busy i was there sat morning and it was slammed live dj and it was like Friday night never ended
4	Went here for dinner had a burger and it was delishThey burger was perfectly cooked They have a great beer selection as wellMy server Andrew was a hoot He me laugh he mDe sure my food was good and that I was comfortable I want to honestly try All the food on the menuTheir ahi is soo good as
2	Went this past Friday, food good, Old Fashions were great, server Bret was good.RESTROOMS SMELLED LIKE THE PUCKS THEY PUT IN THE URINALS, NASTY! Told the manager and he gave me attitude.And what's up with the wannabe gangsters?! REALY!? In South Scottsdale? Chains, saggy pants, walk with a "limp" do we REALY want that element around and all the baggage it brings. If that's the way this place is going ill take my business up the road or across the street.And get a manager who give a shit about customers and who's not there just to flirt with the ladies.Don't care how good the food or drinks are, they need to get their shit together, my opinion is to avoid it, plenty of other good places real close by.
1	This place is lame. We had a party of 11 we put our name in at 11:30 am, they said the wait was about an hour and 20 minutes and they would text us when we could be seated. It was on a Sunday and they were busy, I get it.  But they texted us 4 hrs later at 3:30 pm. Really you thought we were still waiting. What a joke.
4	Great place to cure a hangover.  Food is delicious, drink selection even better!  My most recent experience, my friends and I were taken care of by a very nice upbeat attentive girl. Place was packed but still had good service.
4	Every time I come here the service is great, the food is delicious. Weekend days are crazy and fun for their brunch which includes bottomless mimosas. Great atmosphere
4	They play awful music 90% of the time but serve food until 11 pm and it really is great food:)... Just fix the horrible music!! Way too loud and usually crappy top 40 or cheesy dj's...sigh!
3	Fun if you are looking for a loud, young, drinking, sports bar type crowd.  We went for breakfast and the food was good.  We had the egg white scramble, and the pulled pork hash total bill was $27.  Both had more food than we could eat.  Service was good. It's communal seating and a bit loud so having a convo is a bit hard. I think we would have enjoyed it more if we were with a group coming to watch a game.
3	I know people that love this place but I am not sure what all the hubbub is about.  I came here on a Friday night around 9pm.  It was pretty dead. The music was super loud, drinks were weak and over priced, and there were TVs every inch of the place, with sports, yuck.
1	Too loud to talk with friends or family. Food is good though. I wouldn't go here for a date because of the noise.
1	Not too impressed. Keep in mind that I don't drink so probably isn't my typical scene.Regardless the strawberry French toast wasn't life changing and the hash browns were the exact ones you get at Denny's. I would not eat here again.
2	This restaurant is unimpressive in most regards.  It is in a good location, but the food is poor.  I have tried several different dishes there (don't ask me why I have been there multiple times).  We would often go as a big group to catch games, and it was never that much fun.  Service is average at best... Do your self a favor and find somewhere else to, especially in old town there are SO MANY better options
4	Bumpe up to a 4.  this place deserves it!  Tots Fun.  Tots Cool.  Tots The SHIZZLE!"Dirty Bits... Dirty Bits.."  *singing*  whenever I pass this restaurant, I think of that song by the Blackeyed Peas "The TIme -- Dirty Bits" because this restaurant has these awesome Dirty Chips!   Homemade chips with blue cheese, bacon, cheese... Yums... I usually love them.I like RnR for 2 reasons... Dirty Chips and Sunday Brunch/Day Party.  When I have friends in town, this is the place we skip church to go to for food and bottomless Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's from 10-3pm.  If you have these type of friends in town, this is a cool place to go for brunch and bypass the snooty brunch locations in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  RnR has the craziest hours of a restaurant like this... 8am - 2am.  Yes folks... I have gone here after a night out for those Dirty Chips.... Dirty Chips. *singing*A DJ starts around 10ish.  If you have a large party, make a reservation.  Get there just before 10 to avoid the crowd.This place calls itself a Gastropub, but I wouldn't.  I think of it as a cool local bar eatery.Return Factor: 100%.
3	First off we will not be returning. The atmosphere is crappy super loud dance club. Our group had to text each other. Even screaming you can not be heard over the stupid music. Hopefully the food is worth the loud music.5 star food by far. We had the quaso dip, Rock Shrimp tacos, and the Blue cheese burger. All top quality tasty food. Our waiter was excellent and did his best to take care of us all. 5 Star food vs 1 Star super loud Dance club = 3 Stars over all. Unfortunately due to the extreme music we will not return for the outstanding food.
5	I can see why this place isn't for everyone and why the rating isn't higher.  If you are older than 40 and are coming here just to eat it may not be the ideal place.  With that said, my friends and I tried several of the dishes and EVERYTHING we had was amazing (chicken tacos and bacon Brussels sprouts were probably the best).  Maybe we were lucky, but it was delicious. I came on a Sunday and it was pretty much like a Vegas pool party atmosphere with all you can drink mimosas.  It was a little overwhelming at first but it would be a really fun place to chill on a Sunday when you feel like having a good time.  I can't wait to come back when I'm in the mood to party.
3	Standard bar in the middle of Scottdale. Beer flights are a nice touch, but the music was simply too loud to carry a conversation.
2	I've been here a few times. Servers are absolutely wonderful and friendly. Food is pretty good too! Buuuut, it is TOO LOUD, too crowded and too filled with "bros". Forget about coming here durimg tourist season...on multiple ocassions my reservations have been lost or forgotten.  Trying to put your name on the waiting list is a joke. You will never be called or texted amd you will certainly never never see a table. Maybe I will see you next summer.
1	I was really disappointed in the food. The juice was not fresh and my breakfast was terrible.  The seating is uncomfortable, it's too loud, and the service wasnt good.  Too many other great places to eat in old town.
3	Walking around Old Town - jonsing for a burger/sandwich so we walked in.   It's a really nice looking bar.  It's a SF Giant fan base (stadium around the corner).  The burger was great.   The waitress was hot.  Some beautiful chicks at the bar too.  If you want standard bar fare in Old Town-  this is the place.
1	They get one star solely because they have bottomless mimosas. I went for brunch for my birthday, had called the day before to get a reservation they said they don't do that. Day of I called to put my name on the wait list, again they don't do that. So I finally get there and it's a 2 hr wait! It was only 10:30. Really? I mean I get it's popular but then why not have reservations or call ahead seating? Ok so we wait. Got our wristbands and stood around, or rather tried to stand around waiting. But that was impossible because so was everyone else and when you did finally get some space a 'security' guy would ask you to get out of the way or don't lean on the railing, etc... All the while 2 or 3 people are sitting at 6 tops and so on. I was sat in the sun so when I switched seats and put my head down for some air, I was then told by the 'security' guy 'no sleeping' even though I was clearly awake and just trying to cool down but had I known I was in detention I wouldn't have dared to do so. The only reason I'd return is for the bottomless mimosas but apparently I'd have to get there when they open to take up a table and not order till 10. Clearly they know it's a busy day for them especially now with football season yet they don't seem to mind how understaffed and uncomfortably crowed it gets. But hey if you're into that sort of thing then by all means take this review as a recommendation.
1	Do not go here at night! The parade themselves on being one of the only restaurants open late in old town, but yet they should change their hours. Every time we go in there before 11pm they somehow are closing. Just now no one was there to greet us, which is understandable seeing as it is late but as we walk to seat ourselves they tell from the bar we did last call. Consistency is what will make a break a restaurant, if your hours say that you are open until 12 then stay open until 12!
5	For starters you MUST ask for Brian Paul to be your server! This guy is a comedian! I've been coming here for a long time and I mean a loooong time and I've never been let down! 2nd the happy hour is on point! YOU MUST ORDER THE STRAWBERRY MARGARITA! Beware, drink two of them and your on top of the world! 3rd everything on the menu is prime!!! Order away!
5	In Scottsdale for business and decided to check out RnR. The food was good, but what really made the experience was our server Erika R. Erika was super friendly and very attentive. Most restaurants have good food, but it's people like Erika that make it worth coming back.
5	Great bar on Sundays and even better during the week. Came with a large group on a Tuesday and they were more than accommodating. Big thanks to our waitress Erika who got everyone situated.
5	Erika was so nice and handled our large rowdy table of 12 like a boss!  The beer list and menu rocked. I'm still salivating over those pork sliders and Mac n cheese.
2	This place is simply confusing! And not in a good way. It's a nice place but it does not define itself at all. The menu includes breakfasr items but no lunch items and it does not have typical bar food either. No chicken wings yet there are tvs all over the place setting up the place to be a typical bar. It tries to be a wine bar but the wine list is very limited. We ordered the ordinary nachos which were decent and I also had the grilled  chicken sandwich which I ended up just eating the  chicken breast.  we went on a weekday so it might be different on the weekend but if u want a wine bar or a regular bar or a place to have a nice meal there are better options. the owners need to figure out what their concept is because it just left us confused and frustrated.
4	Sam was our server...best GD service ive had since 1998! Drink specials were great. Really good atmosphere and balcony but there are a lot of b.a.b.sSo if youre ok with that then GO
5	I have never left RnR feeling unsatisfied. I love coming here especially on sundays. The music is always loud and bumping, the food is really great, and they have all the games playing. If I had to leave the house on Sundays, RnR would be my first to go spot every single time.
5	Pefect patio happy hour spot! My gorgeous server Erika was excellent and attentive. She recommended a half Guinness, half Lagunitas IPA that was superb! Totally hit the spot with my Pretzel Bites and Veggie Tacos. My friend ordered the flatbread that's off menu as a special. Delicious, they need to add that thing to the menu. Plenty of TV's, I was there to watch the AL Wild Card Playoff. The GM, Cassie, even stopped by to make sure our table was enjoying our stay. Super classy touch. Another server, Garrett, even suggested we all try Irish Mules, a Moscow Mule with Jameson instead of Russian Vodka. Right up our table's alley. Now to get back to the game before they notice I'm reviewing them :)
5	Seriously love this place! Service is fantastic. Your glass will never be empty for bottomless mimosas. When my food came out, my dish of sweet potato fries wasn't full to the brim, and my waiter brought me a whole other overflowing order without me even asking. I want to be here every Saturday and Sunday morning!
4	This is the quintessential football or Spring Training spot. Look no farther, trust me.Mornings before Spring Training, they have $15 bottomless mimosas and the place turns into... well... a shitshow. But in the best way possible. Do not come here during Spring Training/ Football games, unless you're ready to party. If you are, great. Imbibe abundantly with classy champagne glasses and then rage-stumble to the diamond. -Music is great, live DJ's-Great food, considering-Get their gravy on the side: it's chunky, creamy, a tad spicy.. and comforting, everything I want in a gravy. YUM
4	Great place for happy hour. The environment is very open feeling. LOTS of televisions! So a great place to catch a game of fight. Food was pretty good and service was on point.
5	RNR has the best salmon is town! You have to try it. Not to mention after 10pm the whole menu is 50% off! Love this place!!
5	Warning: This review is solely based on Sunday Brunch...So from my experiences in Scottsdale so far, RnR is the prime spot for 'Sunday Funday'. They offer $15 endless mimosas and bloody Mary's with a food purchase. It's getting hard writing this review because I love food so much and the food here was absolutely delicious. I got the pulled pork hash with scrambled eggs and I couldn't even eat all of it because they give you so much food and my mimosa never sat empty in it's glass for more than a minute. The servers are very quick and efficient and make sure you always have what you need. All my friends also loved their food and service and have made RnR part of their Sunday ritual. There are plenty of TVs to watch sports throughout the entire establishment. My recommendations for RnR are to go earlier in the day because the later you go the longer you are going to wait, because it really is a very popular spot in Scottsdale (the wait can get up to an hour or longer). Definitely get the endless Bloody Mary/mimosa deal and if you are waiting for a table you can order the deal at the bar, pay $25 and then they take $10 off your total food bill. Their breakfast entrees are very delicious and they give you a lot of food, so if you get the endless bm/mimosa deal you can expect to spend $25-35, which isn't bad for a Sunday brunch. Overall loved my experience at RnR!
4	RnR is a great place to grab a drink and take in a game. Stopped in here at 10pm on a Saturday and the bar was in full swing. The bartenders are wicked fast, they had to be keeping up with over 100 thirsty patrons and the service was as impeccable as it was speedy. There was also a great mix of people and the male to female ratio was perfect. Something you normally would never see at a bar like this. I really enjoy the floor plan of this establishment as it opens up to the street providing an airy feeling without losing any energy. The drink prices were very reasonable as well, a trend I noticed throughout Scottsdale. Maybe it is that OC/LA is that damn expensive? Your call.I also noticed they offer a full menu and will have to return on my next visit to AZ to sample their offerings. As a bar alone you get no complaints from this Yelper. RnR brings the ruckus!
3	Not a bad place for brunch. I miss NY's AYCD brunch specials on the weekends. The food wasn't bad (omelet and tacos), and the mimosas were okay. It was nice that we were able to grab drinks by the bar while we waited for our table (and not have it cut into our time). It's loud, crowded, and can get a little crazy. It's also Old Town Scottsdale with an AYCD special. You have been warned.
5	Finished my sisters bachelorette weekend here for some Sunday funday drinking.  It took awhile to get a table but was so worth the wait! We had endless mimosas and bloody Mary's and our food was delicious! The best part was our server Elatish. She was so fun and full of energy.  I would definitely go back.   We had a blast.  Great food, dj, drinks and tvs so we could watch football.
4	Decided to stop in here on a Saturday for a little food. There was 3 of us and we ordered the mimosas and something to eat. I had the mac & cheese, my gf had the pretzel bites and my boyfriend had the quesadilla. Everything was great! The mac & cheese was awesome and I still think about it! We will certainly be back again soon!
4	This review is only for brunch Sundays as I haven't been here other than a few Sundays.  The mimosas are bottomless and $15 (I think) if you buy food.  They are weak as hell but that's the nature of a mimosa so no big deal.  Rnr is a typical Scottsdale brunch spot that's loud and filled with hungover people having a little hair of the dog  so we fit right in.  The quesadilla was bigger and better than I thought it would be.  We usually go to El Hefe on Sundays but since it's closed for a remodel, RnR is a great place to go have a few.
5	Great time here today/tonight. Great atmosphere, live music Tuesday & Wednesday. Dirty chips were awesome. Garrett was our server, he was amazing the entire time we were here. Definitely well be back. Great stop on a great first date.
3	This is place is alright. They have goodBottomless mimosas and unlimited margaritas. Food is good and decent price. It is really busy thou on Sundays.
5	Kevin is the best server I've ever had. Seriously. Go to his section of you can because he'll take good care of you. I'll come back here just to see him!This is a great 49ers bar. Awesome food, great ambience, good prices and always great service. Must try!
3	Cool atmosphere, great service, okay food...I had the Sonoran Dog.  The flavor wasn't outstanding, just okay.  I would definitely go here again because they had some other interesting things on the menu.
5	Had a Western Burger, Brussel Sprouts with Bacon, Parma Fries and margarita. Perfectly made to order, Amanda made sure I was taken care of checking in on me often. NIce place, open air. I though it would be cold, it was not. I am sure they will be closing things of in a few weeks.
2	The atmosphere here seemed bumping when we walked by on Saturday late morning. They also boasted about having the best bloody Mary's- so obviously we stopped in! Sat at the bar, the bartender was very non-engaging and we were two of 3 people initially at the bar!!! The bloody's were very sub-par. Burnt bacon garnish, only the leafy stems of the celery stick(not edible).. And they were lacking flavor, we were very disappointed!! Won't be in a rush to make it back to this place.... Ever! The bartender needs to seriously step up his game he sucked!
5	Our server (from Flower Mound, Tx) was just a delight to be around. We were there for happy hour and as you can imagine, it was loud and lively. We sat in the patio area and were quickly served both drinks and appetizers. We stopped in for a quick bite and drink before another event, but ended up staying a while and just enjoying the mix of people and the great weather and vibe of the entire place. We had been in RnR for breakfast a number of times, but can see why it is a favorite happy hour place. Excellent service by people who enjoy their work. Keep it up
2	Nice atmosphere and lots of TV's to watch games, just mediocre service and if you like cold draft beers don't come here. Even cocktails are short on ice, maybe their ice machine works slow?
5	Took a trip out of the cold with my girlfriend, and decided to stop by for happy hour. We had the animal fries for an appetizer. I had the renown bacon brussel burger and my girlfriend had the southwest chicken salad. Both were made to taste like perfection. Our server, Alina, was very attentive and kept the drinks coming. The gentlemen who ran us our food made sure we had everything we needed. Didn't catch his name but he did mention he was from New Jersey. All in all great service , even better food; we will be back again.
5	Great food! Great drinks, great Happy Hours. Gotta have the Bacon Brussel sprouts! Southwest chicken salad is a hit as is the pulled pork.
5	I love RnR for Sunday Funday..Cassidy was out server and was absolutely amazing!! She's the best waitress I've had here...friendly and fast with out meals and refills!!
5	Celebrated my birthday today here. Great service. Our server, Cassidy, hands down theeeee best server I ever had. I feel like a new man. I used to be an alchoholic, but after her supreme service it inspired me to go to AA meetings and stop drinking. Her service was life changing. Since then, I've gone back to school and got my masters. I would highly suggest coming here to change your life.
5	I've got one word... Margaritas! A bunch of girlfriends and I came here for some day drinking on vacation to Scottsdale. We absolutely loved the happy hour (I'm pretty sure we tried everything on the menu) and the service was friendly and fast. If you're looking for some good day drinking while on vacation or a day off this is a great venue to do it! They also bring birthday cake with a sparkler :).
4	It's a little loud in there, but overall the happy hour was great. Very reasonable and good drinks.
5	I'm a frequent customer at RnR on Sundays. However, this visit was different than all of my others. There were rowdy patrons behind us on the patio and our server Sam Montes(?) made sure that our needs were always met. He even orchestrated a move to an other table so that my party did not have to be subject to those other customers. I'm grateful that Sam was able to ameliorate our situation and keep my opinion of RnR as positive as possible. Thank you RnR and thank you Sam for such a great experience; I know there are a lot of choices for meals in this area but RnR just never fails me. The Southwest Burger was an awesome recommendation!
4	I've driven by this place numerous times and it always looks bumpin' so I finally decided to give it a try. I went on a saturday afternoon and it was wild, but in a good way. It was super loud and full of a younger crowd, which was perfect for me, I just wish they would have turned down the music so I didn't have to yell to talk to the person across from me. Aside from that, the margaritas were delicious and not too sweet, the prickly pear was my favorite. They have an awesome happy hour that includes half off drinks and I hear the mimosas are delicious. Included in the happy hour were food deals, so I went with the pretzel bites. I wasn't impressed because they were sliced and I was expecting poppers, but the grainy mustard paired well with it.
1	1 star is being generous. I am 23 years old from California with a valid ID that expires in 2016. I put my drink order in and the waitress said that she is not allowed to serve me due to new state laws the require my ID to be horizontal. We asked to speak to the manager, Cassandra Bentley. Cassandra gave me the same explanation regarding my California ID. Cassandra refused to serve me so I asked how many drinks one person can order at a time- she replied two. I told her my friend will then order my drink for me. Cassandra said "DO WHAT YOU WANT" and THREW MY ID BACK me and almost hit me in the face!I have never been treated this way, especially by a manager. Cassandra was so rude and unprofessional. I am appalled at her behavior and really am questioning how she has not been fired yet.
5	One of my favorite Sunday sports places. Have been here a few football Sunday's. They have a Bloody Mary and Mimosa special during select hours. The food is delicious. I have sampled many things on their menu over the last year. Haven't had a disappointing meal. My only gripe is the staff. They don't have enough bartenders working during busy sports days. The waitstaff is pleasant but they are slow.
5	We went for the bottomless mimosas on Sunday and were blown away by the service! Our server Ashley kept the mimosas and the good vibes flowing. She was personable and always respectful of everything we asked for even though she was busy. We would come back for her and the mimosas every weekend!
5	Mmmm Bloody Mary with my beautiful lovely girl! And good friends of course!Food was excellent! Although i felt like i was at a sunday morning rave with all the hipster kids with shiny neon colored shirts, leather coats, and people wearing sunglasses inside. Our server was awesome   Always refilling our mimosas and Bloody Mary . He looked like Sidney Crosby      Was highly entertained by watchin the guy on roller skates dance around  and highly annoyed by constantly getting bumped into by large people with no manners . Try the French toast!!  And dont plan on getting and rest and relaxation on a sunday morning.
5	I had never been to RnR and am always pretty skeptical about any place that offers bottomless anything, BUT this was a pleasant surprise! I had such an amazing time! Part of what made my experience so great, was my server. He started our experience off right by introducing himself (his name was Sam) and offering up some cold drinks! I wanted to do the bottomless mimosas, but like I said, no place ever gets it right and so many servers can't keep up with the refills. Sam at RnR CAN keep up with my impressive drinking skills! ;) Seriously though, he was so on top of everything and was quick to make great recommendations.  I ended up getting the most amazing pulled pork sandwich; it was to die for! Sam was also helpful about getting me in the best seat to watch the Patriots game, which he did without disrupting anyone else!  He was amazing and when I come back (I plan on bringing out of town family in the near future) I will most certainly be requesting Sam- and a pulled pork sandwich! ;)
1	Service was super disappointing. Our waitress simply lacked any hustle. We were greeted for the first time 5-10 mins after we were seated. She served a warm bottle of white wine, and simply missed submitting several food/drink orders. She seemed busy hanging out with her friends.  There are several other competing establishments in the area that I'd recommend over this place.
5	Great place. It was my first time in AZ, visiting from CA to see my lady friend. I came specifically for the bottomless mimosas, but had no idea about the DUMBSHIT vertical ID law (huge disappointment!!!) Our server (beautiful woman of color with a bullring in her nose) was sympathetic but firm, and altogether super fun and ebullient. STUPID law, fine restaurant, top-flight service.
5	Elatish Wilson was amazing! Kept my glass filled the whole time I was here and gave amazing service! I'm always here for Sunday Funday and this is some of the best service I've had! My friends and I absolutely love her and am going to request her every time I'm here!
